 Hey Doug,  Here is what would be great to have:  for Pulp All the mills, their most updated capacity (can you also find out how often they update the capacity and whether they remove the maintenance related downtime when they come up with the capacity number) and the type of pulp they produce.  for Printing & Writing paper same thing for paper too.In addition, what kind of pulp they use to produce the paper.  Can we get the same info in a spreadsheet from too?  thanks, Monika 
 Hello Maria Teresa,  THe September inventory number for Norscan is 1,549,000. The inventory figure for the world is not out yet.   Monika 
 Cecil,  can you please take a look at this presentation and see if numbers make sense?  thanks, Monika 
 Done! 
 Hello Mr. Temple,  This is a follow-up email to what you talked with Dave Allan on the subject of Fiber morphology. Attached you will find the fiber characteristics spreadsheet - the most updated version.  We also have an additional question which is - why each quality parameter (the column headings) is important to each major end-use (paper grade) application.  You can contact me for any further questions.   thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345- 1510 
 Attached is the pulp presentation on the pulp facts. I also sent it out to Andrew Conner for review. Please take a look and let me know.  thanks, Monika 
 She is the cutest little thing. 
 Andrew,  Can you take a look at the attached presentation and see if numbers make sense to you.  thanks, Monika 
 Jim,  I found a consultant who does extensive studies on world tissue. PLease read below. Just wanted to know if you knew the guy. His name is Esko Uutella and he is located in Germany. 
 Dick,  Just spoke with Peter Cardellichio at RISI who is the person in charge oh Asia and he told me that their forecast for Japan is based on the European prices. He said that prices in Europe and Japan have been pretty close historically thus he uses European prices as a base and adjusts thoem based on what is happening to Asia.  Hope this helps, Monika 
 Andrea,  I found a private consultant on tissue (as RISI does not do anything on the subject) and he is located in Germany. Below is the kind of information that he can make available to us as well as the costs. Can you please advice me on how much information we want to get from him based on what he wrote below? 
 Hello Mr. Uutella,   I am an analyst working for Enron Industrial Markets in Houston, Texas and I am gathering some information on tissue. I spoke to Rod Young and David Pinault from RISI and they told me to contact you as you do some more extensive studies on tissue usage.  What I am looking for are: tissue capacity worldwide and by region (North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia) and the biggest companies that produce tissue.  Can you also include how much this information would cost?  Thanks in advance, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Vik,  How was Boston?  I think you aske me where BEK prices are? The location is O://Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/RISI Prices. You will find the price for the BEK delivered to US and delivered to Europe.  anything else I can do? Monika 
 Hello Dequan, Can you tell me how recent this forecast is?  Thanks, Monika Causholli Enson Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
   Attached is the market wrap up for this week. If you have any questions you can contact me.   Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713)345-1510 
 Ami,  I will be here on Monday but I believe that most of my day is taken with meetings. Can we possibly meet on Tuesday? Just call me at my extension 5-1510.  good luck at you new job, Monika 
 This is great. Thanks for your help.  Monika Causholli Enron Industrial markets (713)345-1510 
 sounds great. Let's meet on Monday  Monika 
    Dick,  Attached is the 15-year NBSK forecast delivered to Japan.  Monika 
 thanks 
 Gwen,  There have been problems with my paycheck going to the wrong address. It is still going in Portland, Oregon. Can you please change my mail stop to 2906?  My current address is 2440 North Boulevard # 5205 Houston, TX 77098  and I changed this in the ehronline website. Can you reconfirm this?  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Can you please review the market wrap?  thanks, Monika 
 SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27, 2001 (paperloop.com) - Worldwide chemical paper-grade market pulp producer inventories declined 66,000 tonnes in August from the prior month, according to preliminary data from the Pulp and Paper Products Council in Montreal. August marked the sixth month in a row that world inventories had fallen as producers dropped their stocks 1.9 percent from opening levels. World producer stocks closed August at 3.402 million tonnes, representing 37 days of supply, a day less than July results. Producer inventory levels are 33.3 percent higher than year-ago figures, when world producers held 28 days of supply. Although stocks are still high on a year-over-year basis, recent results still represented a strong improvement. Back in June, world producer stocks were 74.8 percent higher than the same period last year. August production of 2.683 million tonnes declined 2.3 percent from last month and tumbled 10.3 percent vs. year-ago results of 2.992 million tonnes. Global shipments totaled 2.750 million tonnes, dipping 1.9 percent from the 2.698 million tonnes recorded in August of last year. Producers operated at 88 percent of capacity in August, the same rate as both June and July of this year. That compared to world producers' year-ago operating rate of 103 percent. Meanwhile, the shipment-to-capacity ratio, considered an indicator of producer discipline, advanced 2 points from the prior month to 90 percent, PPPC reported. World inventory figures include totals from North America, Nordic countries, Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Chile, France, Japan, Morocco, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, and Swaziland. Countries that do not report inventories include Russia, Indonesia, Taiwan, and Thailand. World producers shifted 26,000 tonnes between the close of July and last month's opening inventories. 
 Karen,  Attached is the market wrap for this week. Can you please edit it?  thank you, Monika 
 Eugenio,  Can you send me the correlations spreadsheet so I can start using it too?  Thanks, Monika 
 Dirk,  Attached is the historical shipments to capacity ratio  Monika 
 Karen,  RISI has a European consumption number for the hardwoods but does not break this down to BEK and other hardwoods.  Let me know if you need the hardwood consumption.  Monika 
 Karen,  Per you request today attached is the hardwood shipments form Portugal, Chile and S. Africa to Europe. Note that A. Africa is combined with Morocco's data. 
 Morela, I don't know if you got this:  Brazil's Cenibra getting $100 million investment to expand pulp 09/25/2001 10:05:35, SABI Brazil, Sept. 24, 2001 (Gazeta Mercantil) -- After investments of US$650mil to take the control of woodpulp producer Cenibra, the consortium JBP (Japan Brazil Paper and Pulp Development Co) has decided to expand business. Cenibra will receive US$100mil investment to increase its capacity at Belo Oriente facility, Minas Gerais state, from the current 800,000 to 1 million tonnes per year. In 2000 the company registered R$838.6mil net earning, and R$229mil net profit. Its net worth reached R$609.6mil. 
 Traders,  The pulp meeting will be held today between 2-3 pm in room 2942.  Thanks, Monika 
 Foex published their index for the week:  NBSK remained at $450 for the third week in a row, whereas BHKP was $404.96 up $4.89 (1.22%). But expressed in Euros the price dropped to Euro 436.76 from the Euro 439.4 of last week.   PLease see attached,  Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1015 
 Dirk,  Attached are the updated tables on Demand Indicators.   MOnika 
   Hope this helps  Monika 
 Andrew,  As a follow-up to our conversation last week I have tried to get the list of mills from PPPC but they are not responding to my requests. There is another way to compile that by using Jacobs Sirrine database information.  Second, I changed the inventory sheet to reflect the latest NORSCAN inventory number that I got from PPPC and so the forecast for October changed a bit, more in line with the historical average now.  Let me know what you want to do on the pulp mills's list and also anything additional in the inventory forecast sheet.  Monika 
 Today FOEX published its weekly index for pulp:  For the first time in weeks both the softwoods and the hardwoods show signs of weaknesses again.  NBSK was down $US0.48 or 0.1% after four weeks of price increases. BHKP was Euro 466 down Euro 3.34. Expressed in US dollars BHKP was $US416.09 down $US2.33 or 0.56%. These decline happens despite the recent efforts from the biggest pulp producers, including Weyerhaeuser, to raise prices. This might be a sign of the fact that the market fundamentals  do not support the price increases in pulp.   The average FOEX for October is: NBSK: $US 460.68 up $10.26 from September BHKP:$US 414.76 up $13.67 from the September level  Please attached for a chart of FOEX prices 
  Thanks! 
 Done! 
 Hey Laura,  Do you have the phone number of that hair salon you go to?  thanks, Monika 
 Dave,  Here is the report on RISI conference.  thanks, Monika 
 Hello Jim,  It's been a long time since I last wrote you but here I am again. I am still working for Enron, but I moved away from Oregon. Now me and my husband are living in Houston, Texas. I worked in Portland until May of this year and then I though of moving away from Oregon just because opportunities are not as big there. In Portland I wroked as a power real time trader buying and selling power real time. I got tired of that job because of shift work. This summer I joined the forests products department and right now I do analysis for the traders. I ahve taken a couple of derivatives classes offered in the company and plan to take some more. My goal is to move to a trader's position, mostly financial trader to work with derivatives but we will see what happens. Right now I am learning about the market, and how it functions.  I plan on taking some classes next term at Rice University in Houston. I need to have better mathematical skills and I will start taking math classes at night after work. We will see how this goes. i have to prepare myself well for the future.  That's all on work side. Moving to Houston was quite a change. The  weather especially. Right now though the weather is great, it's sunny and in the mid-70s to 80s. I love it. Koli likes Portland better. Houston is a much bigger city and a little more dangerous. I like it though, what I miss is Corvallis and school. I miss business school at OSU and studying for finance classes. I want to go back to school eventually and get both MBA and PHD so I can teach. I would love to be a professor.  So how are you? How is your wife? Your kids? Is anything new happening? What about your parents in NY? Are they OK from all that has happened? What about OSU? Anything new there? How is prof. Moulton? Say hi to him from me. What about the students? Are you still demanding of them? You know I remember that I put a lot of work in your classes.  We plan to go home this Christmas and meet our families. My parents ask me about you all the time. They had the greatest time when they visited me here.  well that's all for now but I will keep in touch more often. Let me know how thigs are going with you,  say hi to your wife from me best wishes, Monika 
 yes please include me in the class.  thanks Monika Causholli 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is a summary of the 16th annual North American RISI conference on forest products. I have additional more detailed information on my desk in case anyone needs it.  thanks, Monika Causholli Ext. 5-1510 
 Karen,  Attached is the Asian mill by capacity from three different sources. RISI, Jacobs-Sirrine, PPI.   Monika 
 Gracie,  Can I still cancel the class. I am sorry but I can't make it.  thanks, MOnika Causholli 
 Yes I have but I just cancelled Der. II.  thanks, Monika 
 Dave,  Attached are the revisions. It's all checked out by Cecil Stapley. Let me know who to send this to.  Thanks, Monika 
 G-P Leaf River pulp mill sale deal with Enron falls through 10/24/2001 17:43:03, Forestweb By Diane Keaton  San Francisco, Oct. 24, 2001 (Forestweb) -- The tentative deal for Georgia-Pacific Corp. (G-P) to sell its Leaf River market pulp mill to Enron Corp. has collapsed, according to a knowledgeable industry source.  Neither company is speaking publicly about the latest development, citing policies against commenting on rumors. However, the pending arrangement, subject to final approval, was no secret to some pulp and paper industry players (see Forestweb, Oct.19).  Top Enron officials were said to have nixed the agreement this week. Last week in its third quarter earnings statement, the company reported a net loss of $618 million, including a write-off of $1.01 billion.  The source said the deal might still be salvageable at a later date.  The Leaf River mill, in New Augusta, Miss., has the capacity to produce 600,000 tonnes per year. Since February it has produced exclusively softwood kraft pulp. 
 Gracie,  When is the course offered again because I can't find it in the web?  Monika 
 Shipments of market pulp to China totaled 462,157 tonnes in September, down 0.6% compared with August shipments, according to a report last week by China's Materials Information Center.Despite the month-to-month decline last month, market pulp imports into China year-to-date have climbed 33% vs. the same period last year. From January to September 2001, imports have totaled 3.54 million tonnes, reported China's general administration of customs. This might indicate that the Chinese buyers have plenty of stocks available and might slow down their purchasing patterns.   Weak market in the pulp industry continues to push producers into taking further downtime. As expected the bulk of downtime is taken by the Canadian producers who face the highest producing costs.  Today NorskeCanada announced it will take additional curtailment at all four of its BC pulp and paper divisions during the fourth quarter to reflect the continuing difficult market conditions.The company said it will curtail paper production by 60,000 tonnes (including 38,000 tonnes of newsprint) and pulp production by 23,600 tonnes in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter curtailment brings accumulated total paper curtailment for 2001 to 166,000 tonnes (including 112,000 tonnes of newsprint) and pulp curtailment to 121,000 tonnes. 
 Sorry Nyree. No exceptions.  Monika 
 Amy,  You could probably add expected capacity projections to see how Asian capacity will change in the future both in pulp and paper and compare that to let's say other areas of the world. I remember that in the RISI conference the speakers were saying that Asian pulp capacity increase will lag behind that of Latin America but their paper capacity will probably explode so they will major pulp buyers.  Anyways, you can find the capacity expansion data in the PPPC website. Let me know because I have some printed copies too.  Monika 
 When is the next derivatives  II class offered?  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Karen, Attached is the market wrap for this week.   Thanks, Monika 
 In September North American paper demand continued to fall. This is not positive news for the paper and pulp industry.  The following is what PPPC released: North American printing/writing paper inventories dropped by about 6% from August to the end of September, but shipments, production, and demand stayed depressed from year-ago levels. Total North American printing/writing production was down 11.0% in September compared with a year ago, to 2.091 million tonnes, PPPC reported. Total shipments were off 9.9% to 2.224 million tonnes. Total inventories decreased 133,000 tonnes from August to September to 2.145 million tonnes and were 313,000 tonnes or 12.7% lower than in September last year. The industry overall operating rate (shipments to capacity) in September was 84%, down from 88% in August and down from 96% a year ago. Uncoated free-sheet accounted for most of the inventory drop, according to September statistics released yesterday by the Pulp and Paper Products Council in Montreal. North American demand was down 10.2% in September to 1.038 million tonnes Coated free-sheet (woodfree) demand was down 11.2% in September while coated groundwood (mechanical) papers demand was off 7.5%, PPPC reported. 
 Karen,  Can you please take a look at the revised version and let me know?  thanks, Monika 
 I want to register.  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Attached is the pulp flow chart. 
 Thanks Dave! It's nice to have some feedback  Monika 
 Thanks Elliot!  Monika 
 Hello Karen,  Please find attached Chile's capacity and its expansion projects.  Note that: 1- Arauco's Constitucion mill might have another alternative capacity of 360,000 tons a year. I was confused because in their annual report the capacity is mentioned many times, each time different numbers. Can I get your input on this. We can discuss it when you have time.  2- There is one modernization project that will increase the capacity of Pacifico mill (CMPC) that will come online on Q1 2003. I did not apply any percentage rate for the project implementation. PLease advise me if I need to do that plus the rates I should use.  3- The projects in red are not impelemented yet and PPPC does not look very optimistic for those.  4-Sheet 1 of the spread sheet contains the mills' capacities from Jacobs Sirrine which are not far off from the capacities I found in the annual reports.  Let me know if I need to work and improve this further.  Finally, I had a lot of fun working on this project  :)  Monika 
 Hello,  The November FOEX that came out today showed a small up-tick versus last week.  FOEX for NBSK was US$465.43 up US$0.95 (0.2%)  FOEX for BHKP was Euro 466.02 up only Euro 0.02. In terms of dollars BHKP was US$420.55 up US$4.46 (1.07%).  Even though the movement upwards is very minimal, it is still in line with the pulp producers' attempts to raise prices. The price increases so far have been partially successful as producers have only been able to push for a US$10-15 dollar increase  instead of US$20-30 as previously announced. Still price increases are expected to continue in November.  Please see attached for a chart on FOEX indeces.   Thanks, Monika Causholli ext. 5-1510 
 Maybe I should rephrase it: What I was trying to say there was that producers are going to continue to make efforts to increase the prices in November in line with what they have announced. Whether that happens or not remains to be seen.  thanks for the feedback though. It helps a lot. Monika 
 Hey Vik,  Do you know how often he publishes this? 
 I am! 
  Nyree,  I received this message and i don't know what it means. Can you help?  thank you, Monika 
 Great. thank you. Monika 
 Karen,  Attached is the market wrap for this week.  Monika 
 Thanks! 
 It's such a cool card. Thank you very much.  Monika 
 Karen,  Here is the market wrap -revised.  Thank you, Monika 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is the market wrap for the week of 11/09. PLease if you have any questions you can contact me.  Thanks, Monika Causholli ext. 5-1510 
 Hi Margaret,  Can I still travel on the visa that I have with Enron name on it?  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Pivot tables macros 
 Hello Tammy,  Here is my home email:  mcausholli@hotmail.com  Let me know if there is anything else you need. thanks, Monika 
 Hi Nyree,  I took vacation from Nov12-14.  thanks, Monika 
 thank you! 
 Dave,  As PPPC explains in the attached file the reason for the low levels of inventory was because the consumer inventories had reached such a low level (below normal) throughout the whole year that now consumers are rebuilding the stocks.  Monika 
 Yes great! 
 thanks! 
 Dirk,  Here it is!  Monika 
 ... to send me that list of companies!   thanks, Monika 
 Thanks Dave. I got in.  Monika 
  Good luck my friend. It has been great working with you. keep in touch my email is: mcausholli@hotmail.com Monika 
  Nyree I received this again. See below Monika 
 Can I get an application and a brochure from the Bocconi university. I am interested in the MIEM/MCF.  My name: Monika Causholli  Address:  2440 north boulevard # 5205 Houston, TX 77098 USA Tel 713 807 1039 email: mcausholli@hotmail.com  thank you, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Jim,  I was glad to hear back from you. So you are going to be a grandpa soon. That's great news!  Well, the main reason I am writing to you is that I need some advice. I would like to go back to school next year but I have no financial security. My job prospects don't look good either now that Enron was bought from another company.  I know that many private schools offer scholarships as well as assistantships. I am looking into all of those.  It would be very helpful for me if you would help and direct me in the righ direction, let's say if you know a professor that would like to have his own researcher which would help me in the process to go through with school. I have a great deal of interest in finance, and that is what I want to do, I really don't want to do a MBA, rather a MS in Finance. I am very ambitious and work really hard to succeed. I have great work experience and I have worked for a company that is well recognized for its talent pool.  If you can't help me with this process, do you know anyone who can? I really would appreciate any advice that you can give me because I have no one else to get advice from right now. In addition, if you have any contact in the job market I would look into that too.  Thanks Jim, Monika 
 Karen,  Here is my resume.  Thanks, Monika 
 Jim,  This is very helpful. I already forwarded my resume to the Tektronix contact you told me. I am forwarding you a copy of my resume as well just in case you something good crosses your way. I appreciate your help a lot. This whole thing with my company happened so fast and caught me off guard.- a lesson for next time-.  Anyways please continue to keep in touch. I will do the same and keep you posted. You know we really do not want to go back home right now. I have a list of things I haven't accomplished yet.  Thanks, Monika 
 Forgot to attach it. Here is my resume. 
 Sorry Morela. I will remove you now from the list. Monika 
 Daniel,  Attached is the spreadsheet that contains US annual wood pulp exports to Brazil for the period 1997 -2001. For 2001 the number represents the accumulated exports between January- August.  Let me know if I can help with anything else, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Karen,  Please find attached the market wrap for this week.  Thanks, Monika 
 Can you send me a brochure and an application packet?  My contact info: Monika Causholli 2440 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, TX 77098  email: mcausholli@hotmail.com Tel. (713) 807 1039   Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello Mr. Hughson,  Ronald Melicher adviced me to contact you about the PhD program. I am interested in the field of finance and I wanted to learn about the PhD finance program at the University of Colorado. Can you summarize the main points of the program, its requirements,and the deadlines?  I have finished a finance degree from Oregon State University and have two years of work experience.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli Enron Corp. (713) 345 1510 
 Jim,  I did write to Eric Hughson about the PhD program and I am waiting for his response. In the meantime can you write me a recommendation letter. I know you don't like to do this but if you would it would be great. I am planning to apply to about 3-4 schools for now. I will mail the paperwork to you on Monday. Also, should I contact the other finance professors at OSU trying to see what they can help me with? Thanks for all your help. I will keep you posted.  Monika 
 Hey Ami,  Here is my resume.   Thanks, Monika 
 Jim,  I was thinking that since I do not have enough time to prepare the appplication process, it would be a good idea for me to fax the recommendation letter forms to you first so you know what to expect and maybe start writing. In the meantime, I will mail those forms as well as envelopes because you have to retunrn those to me. The envelopes would have to be signed across the seal. There will be a total of four schools that I am applying to. 1- Yale 2- Boston College 3- University of Massachusetts 4- Bocconi University (Italy)  Thanks, Monika 
  Karen,  I will be in a class on Nov 27-28. The class in on "Understanding Options". Let me know if this is OK with you.  Thanks, Monika 
 I think so. They don't register you until the person in charge approves it. 
 I can't attend this class.  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hi Karen,  Here is the Chilean capacity spreadsheet. I have placed this in the O:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/South American Pulp/Chile Data.    Monika 
 thanks Dave! 
 Hello,  I am interested in the marketing analyst job posted in the monster.com  Please find my resume attached.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807 1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supporting the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supporting the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am applying for the Power trader position offered in the monster.com. I have 1- year experience working as a real time power trader. Please find my resume attached for additional information.  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  I am applying for the credit analyst position placed on the monster.com.  Please find my resume attached.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli 
   Hello,  I am looking for the Financial Analyst position posted on the monster.com  Please find my resume attached.  Sincerely, Monika Causholli 
 FOEX for NBSK and BHKP continued to increase by a few cents this week and it looks like they are approaching the late July levels.  NBSK is now US$468.64 up US$0.92 or 0.2% BHKP is 417.21 up US$0.15 or 0.04%.  See attached  Monika 
 Jim,  What is you middle name if you don't mind me asking you. I need it to fill out the recommendation letter  Monika 
 ... I also need the exact title you have  Monika 
 I will not be able to attend the class! 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is the market wrap for the week of Oct 19. If you have any questions you can contact me.  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  I am applying for the position of client support analyst posted on the Headhunter website.  Please see my resume below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the Financial Analyst position posted with Headhunter. Please see my resume below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the position of Senior Financial Analyst posted on Headhunter. I am attaching my resume as a summary of my education and work experience. You can contact me by email, or phone. See details below:   Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am pplying for the Financial Analyst position posted on Headhunter. Attached is my resume. You can contact me by email or phone. See below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the Transmission Trader position posted in the Headhunter. I have also attached my resume as a summary of my qualifications. Please contact me by email or phone. See below:    Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am interested in the Trading Analyst position with Sims Associates which was posted on Headhunter. I am attaching my resume as a summary of my qualifications. Please contact me through email or phone. See below:  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Please direct your concerns to my admin. assistant Nyree Chanaba at ext. 5-4035 
 Jim,  Attached is the spreadsheet that contains regional consumption of market pulp by grade.   Monika 
 Hello Ms. Schwenker,  I am interested in the financial analyst position posted in hotjobs.com Please find my resume attached. You can contact me by email or phone.  Sincerely,  Monika Causholli   Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hey Vik,  What is going on over there? Are you guys busy?  I got a favor to ask you. I know that one time you told me you could talk to your sister about a job opportunity at the World Bank. I am desperate to find another job and I feel I am a good candidate to work for the World Bank. Can you talk to her about me?  I can call her too and talk about openings there.  I would really appreciate your help, Monika 
 do you know any phone number for BMG? 
 lname=Causholli fname=Monika Vac #= nationality=ALBANIAN address  = permanent Address  = Office phone=713 345 1510 fax= email=mcausholli@hotmail.com duration= gender=FEMALE dday=09 dmonth=11 dyear=1975 marital=Married residence=no country  of residence  = change=no country of nationality   = relatives=no names of relatives  = language=Albanian language  =English- High, High, High PCskills  =Excel, Word, PowerPoint Education=Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon USA Degree: Bachelor of Science in Finance Minor: International Relations GPA 3.9  High School Graduation: June 1994 Tirana, Albania publications= employmentrecord=Financial Analyst/Researcher      Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  Supervisor Karen Carter Reasons for Leaving: Company is going bankrupt  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst              Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  Supervisor: Bill Williams  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day?s trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern/Analyst Program             Enron Capital & Trade Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99 Supervisor: Tim Heizenraider  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   present=no reference1  =James Nielsen; Professor of Finance; Oregon State University; Oregon State University, College Of Business, 200 Bexell, Corvallis, OR 97331 Tel. 541 737 3226 reference2  =David Allan; Director of the Fundamentals Group, Enron Industrial Markets 1400 Smith Street, Houston, TX 77002. Tel. 713 345 2644 reference3  =Richard Clinton, Professor of International Relations, Oregon State University, College of Liberal Arts, 207 Social Science Hall, Corvallis, OR 97331. Tel 541 737 6246 criminal=no criminal record  = agency=no applicationdate=Nov 21, 2001 
 Dave,  Here is the draft of what I wrote.  Thanks, Monika 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello,  I am applying for the credit analyst position. See my resume below  Sincerely, Monika Causholli    Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Hello Maria Teresa,  Eugenio is teaching a class on Black Scholes pricing at 2pm today. Can we meet at 3 pm today or if you can't do it today we can leave it for Monday.   thanks, Monika 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Salary US$44,000                                                          Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Salary: US$40,000                                       Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99 Salary: US$36,000 (annualized) ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Dave,  Just got off the phone with the school. Apparently I don't have enough time to submit application but I practically begged for it so they are allowing me to submit a late application.  The only thing is that I won't have an answer until the beginning of January. Classes start in the middle of January. So, is it possible to change the date of departure until Jan 11 in the letter that you wrote for me. It would be great.  Thanks, Monika 
 It's all corrected. 
 Dave,  I am leaving for Dallas tonight because I arranged a meeting with an international advisor at University of Texas tomorrow. She will do an exception for me. Anyways, I won't be coming to work tomorrow but I will keep in touch.  See you on Wednesday Thanks for everything, Monika 
 Margaret,  Can I see you today in your office? Let me know when is a good time for me to come  Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Yes I need to meet with you. Thusday morning is OK with me. What time?  Monika 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com (preferred) EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com (preferred) EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com (preferred) EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Thanks! this is better. Did you by any chance start working on the large map? Monika 
 The good news in terms of pricing is that consumption rose this month by 16%, and higher consumption levels will deplete inventories and consumers will need to replace those inventories faster. Hopefully consumption will continue to grow over the next several months.  Monika 
 Count me too! 
   Karen,  Attached is the Tissue Summary. Thanks, Monika 
 Doug,  Why is the map cut off at the top? Can you fix this so that it shows all of it?  thanks, Monika 
 San Francisco, Oct. 18, 2001 (Forestweb) - Weyerhaeuser Co. will increase t= he U.S. price of its northern bleached softwood kraft (NBSK) price by $20/t= onne to $500/tonne effective Nov. 1, according to a buyer source. Another b= uyer source said Weyerhaeuser has increased his price by $20/tonne on the s= awdust pulp that he buys, "and I assume on the others." Weyerhaeuser offici= als were not available for comment. Weyerhaeuser has been the lone holdout = at the U.S. price of $480/tonne for Oct. 1, when other North American produ= cers went to $500/tonne. The competitors have complained that Weyerhaeuser'= s price was a drag on their efforts. Producers and buyers alike have said t= hat $500/tonne has been a hard sell in October, partly because of the marke= t, but also because demand has been so slow. A number of sources say NBSK i= s at $480/tonne for October, though a few are paying the $500/tonne price. = "I don't think we will pay $500 (in November)," a buyer said today. "I thin= k it will be $490." An agent today described the Weyerhaeuser news as "a pl= us," but added, "Now all we need is for demand to pick up." Another agent a= lso responded cautiously. "There is no indication anywhere in the world whe= re demand has picked up, certainly not in the paper business. Without that,= (producers) can announce what they want to, but it is not a slam dunk," he= said. As for October transaction , aid that in most cases, they didn't mov= e. "I know everyone needs (price increases) and I know the inventories have= gone down, but my feeling is they will go up again," he said, noting typic= al late-fall patterns.  said that in contrast to the past, paper companies = have not been able to make money off of low prices. "It's going to be a bat= tle, for sure," he said. "There's a lot of fighting going on, a lot (of buy= ers) are saying they're not going to pay it." 
 Hello everyone,   Attached is the market wrap for the week of November 2nd. If you have any questions or need additional information you can contact me at ext. 5-1510.   thanks and have a nice day, Monika Causholli 
 The good news for the pulp producers continue as worldwide chemical paper-grade market pulp producer inventories declined 345,000 tonnes in September from the prior month, according to preliminary data from the Pulp and Paper Products Council in Montreal. World inventories have fallen seven consecutive months as producers reduced their stocks 9.7 percent from opening levels. World producer stocks closed September at 3.073 million tonnes, representing 33 days of supply and a four-day reduction from August levels. Producer inventory results are 19.4 percent higher than year-ago figures, when world producers held 28 days of supply. The inventory results were by far the largest single month reduction this year. The year's prior high was in June, when producers brought down inventories by 171,000 tonnes but faced a bloated 3.528 million tonnes of stock. September production of 2.525 million tonnes tumbled 10.2 percent vs. year-ago results of 2.812 million tonnes. Production levels were 5.9 percent lower than the prior month. Global shipments improved both month-over-month and compared to the same period last year. Shipments of 2.870 million tonnes rose 2.8 percent higher than year-ago results of 2.792 million tonnes, and surged by 4.4 percent vs. August despite a slower week of activity following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Producers operated at 84 percent of capacity in September, down 11 percent from the same time last year when producers ran at 95 percent. Meanwhile, the shipment-to-capacity ratio, considered an indicator of producer discipline, advanced another 5 points to 95 percent, PPPC reported. 
 Karen,  Attached is the market wrap for this week.  Monika 
  thanks! 
 Weyerhaeuser Company today announced that it has extended its $50 per share cash tender offer for all of the outstanding common stock of Willamette Industries, Inc. until midnight, New York City time, on December 5, 2001. As of midnight, New York City time, on October 17, 2001, Willamette shareholders had tendered and not withdrawn approximately 51.7 million shares pursuant to Weyerhaeuser's tender offer. 
 Cartiere Burgo's Cellardennes pulp mill in Belgium, is back following a seven-day shut. During the closure, the company installed a new 700 air dried tonne/day ABB pulp dryer at the site that will boost Cellardennes' elemental chlorine-free pulp capacity from 260,000 tonnes/yr to 360,000 tonnes/yr. 
   Kent,  Attached you will find the pulp presentation that Andrea Reed asked me to send you.  Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
   Peggy,  Slide # 5 has the pulp flow map.  Monika 
 I am with Industrial Markets here in Houston.  Monika 
 New spreadsheet that contains all the tissue mills, their capacity and number of machines is now located in:  O://Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/Tissuemills   Monika Causholli 
 Pete,  Hi how are you? Can you remove me from the list? thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Thank you for letting me know. Also, do you have historical data for Utipulp: Consumption, inventory and days of supply?  Can you please help me find these?  thanks again, Monika Causholli 
 Hi Karen,  I hope you get well soon!  I had Peggy edit the market wrap. I sent it out this morning.  Also, I have finished working on the Tissue Report. Do you want it send by email?  Let me know, Monika 
 Karen,  As I told you there is quite a few discrepancies between RISI and PPI.  See attached. If you have questions let me know, Monika 
 I used to be on the subscription list but I do not receive the data by email anymore. Can you please re-subscribe me?  My email is monika.causholli@enron.com  thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1039 
 Karen,  Can you see the questions for RISI and refine them a bit?   Thank you Monika 
 Thanks! 
 Hi Karen,  Attached is the spreadsheet containing the Chilean pulp and paper mills.  The info is all taken from RISI  Monika 
 Morela,  Please take a look at slide # 15 for the corrected version.  Monika 
 Karen,  Attached is the capacity growth compounded annually for the main regions and the world.  Let me know if this is what you wanted, Monika 
 Dave,  I am meeting with Maria Teresa this Wednesday to start working on price forecast.  I am currently working with Andrew on inventory forecast and the procedure is as follows:  Based on the formula (capacity * op. rate) - shipments = forecast inventory.  We used PPPC capacity forecast for the year and divided by 12 to get the monthly forecast. Then multiply this with our own estimate of the operating rate which can be an average of the last 2 months or the operating rate of last month carried forward, or the last month's operating rate difference with the average and apply that difference to calculate the next  month op. rate.  We also estimate the level of shipments as the last 3 years average for the month we are trying to forecast.  So far we have only tested September and the forecast was pretty close to the actual.   let me know if this is what you requested, Thanks, Monika 
 Ami, I am sorry I forgot what you were looking. Attached are the prices for hardwoods delivered to Japan, China, S. Korea.  Monika 
 Ami,  RISI book has all th mills in Asia. Let me know if you cannot locate the book.  Monika 
 hey Stacey,  thanks for sending me the presentation template.  Monika 
 Hey Ami,  I am sorry what were you looking for?  Monika 
 Foex is up again for the third week in a row even though the increase was at a slower rate than last week . The increase seems to continue to be the result of price increases announced by pulp producers earlier this month.  Today NBSK came in at $463.94/mton up $5.05 (1.10%) and BHKP was Euro 461.76 up Euro 8.78. Expressed in dollars BHKP was $416.72 up $1.24 (0.3%).  Please see attached Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Stacey,  I forgot to send you this. It's the pulp presentation that I put together recently.   Monika 
 Rhonda Flemming. I think she is one of Enron's lawyers.  Monika 
 Hello Bobbi. This is the exact procedure that we followed.  Thank you Monika Causholli 
 Hello Margaret,  Actually you forwarded this messagge to Rhonda Fleming and she did help me a lot. We were able to obtain a driver's licence for my husband.  Thanks Margaret. Monika 
 This worked!  thanks a lot Monika Causholli 
 Nyree,  I have a doctor's appointment (eye doctor) tomorrow at 9:30.  Thanks, Monika 
 Hello,  Attached is the pulp presentation.   thanks, Monika 
 Hello everyone,  Attached you will find the pulp and printing & writing presentation - facts and figures as of 2001. Please if you have any questions you can contact me.    thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial markets (713) 345 -1510 
 Thanks Peggy! 
 SAO PAULO, Brazil, Oct 15, 2001 (Reuters) - Brazilian paper and pulp maker Industrias Klabin Papel e Celulose SA said on Monday it would restructure its units in a cost-cutting drive it hopes will save 60 million reais ($22 million) per year. Klabin, one of Brazil's top producers of paper, tissue and wood pulp, will incorporate its Klamasa, KIV, Industrias Klabin and Igaras units under its subsidiary Klabin Riocell SA , the company said in a statement. Riocell will remain the sole publicly held company in the group and will be renamed Klabin SA. Minority shareholders in Klabin will be given shares in Riocell at par, Klabin's Director General Josemar Verillo told Reuters. The restructuring, to be completed by December, should reduce administrative, operational, financial and tax costs. It will also improve operating synergies, allow for a better use of financial resources and improve the group's transparency for investors, Klabin said. "We have a lot of business between the group. That leads to operational and financial inefficiencies," Verillo said. The company said it expects to save about 60 million reais ($22 million) per year and could trim staff in the long term as a result of the restructuring. In a separate statement responding to an inquiry by the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange, Klabin said its consolidated net revenues would be 10 percent higher in 2001, driven by exports and a depreciation of Brazil's currency. The company posted net revenues of 1.9 billion reais ($684 million) in 2000. 
 Karen,  I have a doctor's (eye doctor) appointment tomorrow at 9:30. I will come in the office first and then go to see the doctor.  thanks, Monika 
  Thanks Andrea, I made an appointment there. Monika 
 thank you dear. 
 Hello Ivonne,  I do not have an insurance card for the vision health plan. Can you tell me what I need to do to before I go to a doctor? Also should I find my own doctor or is there a list of names provided. Can you clarify this to me or tell me who do I need to contact for this?  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Attached is the pulp presentation and the BEK slides are: # 6, 8, 9, 18, 21, 22.    Thanks, Monika 
 Ayesha,  Attached is the pulp presentation. I used RISI as the primary source of information and where RISI had no data I used other sources.    Monika 
 thank you  :) 
 sure! 
  Good afternoon,  Attached you will find the spreadsheet that contains information on Abitibi's mills pulp consumption classifying it by by purchased pulp and internal pulp as well as by by grades of pulp consumed: BSKP, TMP, DIP (ONP/OMG)   Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  Please find attached the market wrap for the week of October 26th. If you have any questions you can contact me.   thanks, Monika Causholli Ext. 5-1510 
 sounds good! 
 Dirk,  Attached is a spreadsheet that contains hardwood prices delivered to Japan, China, and S. Korea and where th origin of the pulp is.  Hope this is what you were looking for Monika 
 Thanks Danilo. This is very helpful. Monika 
 Dave,  Attached is the spreadsheet with the Abitibi paper mills and their pulp usage. Let me know when we can meet.  Monika 
 Hi Ami,  Sorry for not getting to you earlier. I am at home today. I don't think I have the MTH prices. I have requested those from RISI today so hopefully they will send them to me fast. The other prices are in the folder o:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/RISI PRICES  Thanks, Monika 
 I did give the itinerary to you but if you still need it I can give it to you again. Also, Dave knows that my husband is coming with me but I don't know if Andrea knows. If there is a problem with this let me know.  Monika 
 Dave,  I am fine. I thought Karen told you about me working from home today. I am reading the tissue book that I just received from Esko Uutella Consulting in Germany.  I am also working on Abitibi's mills and send it to you by email. I asked Greg Bruch about the mills but he did not know the information as much in detail as we had it.  Thanks, Monika 
 I did contact RISI and they will send it to me by email.  Monika 
 I will be working from home for the rest of the day today. If you have any questions you can send them by email as I will be checking it from home.  Thank you, Monika Causholli 
 Thank you very much. We will give it a try. 
   Peggy,  Attached is the market wrap of last week that I am going to send out today.  thanks, Monika 
 Probably in three months. 
 I will be attending.  Thanks MOnika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets 
 Hello Margaret,  I am trying to figure out how my husband can obtain a driver's licence in the state of Texas but the office of social security, IRS, and DPS all give me different answers and are not helpful at all. We are confused. My husband is on H4 visa and he does not have a social security but the state of Texas requires the social security to obtain a driver's licence. He has a tax-payer SSN but that did not work for the licence.  Do you know what the law is in this case? Can we ask Enron lawyers about this problem? Common sense tells me that there can be a way for him to drive here but I don't know how.  Please help us,  Thanks a lot Monika Cauhsolli 
 In Europe this week FOEX showed an strong increase in both softwoods and hardwoods. This is the second increase for NBSK this year and it is a sign of successful efforts on the producers side to raise prices. NBSK was $458.89 up $7.76 (1.72%) BHKP was Euro 452.98 up Euro 9.25 (or 2%). Expressed in dollars BHKP came in at $415.48 up from $407.11.  Please see attached.    Monika Causholli 
 Nyree,  Just out of curiosity what is this for?  Attached is the form filled except for the CPU #. I don't know what this is.  thanks, Monika 
 Laura,  The pulp inventory is located in the O:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/Raw Data.  Check the first tab in the spread sheet.  Call me if you have any questions. Monika 5-1510 
 Eugenio,  Sorry I am not going to be here. Can you reschedule for Wednesday? 
 Please find attached the pulp market wrap-up for the week of October 5.  If you have any questions you can contact me.   Thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345-1510 
 Yes sure.  I won't be here on Monday and possibly Tuesday so how does Wednesday sound to you? If it's ok let's plan on it.  Monika 
 SAO PAULO, Oct. 4, 2001 (Press release) Votorantim Celulose e Papel (VCP) announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire, through one of its affiliates, a 28% voting interest (12.3% total interest) in Aracruz Celulose, the Brazilian eucalyptus pulp company. The stake is being acquired from Mondi Brazil, a subsidiary of Anglo American for a cash consideration of $370 million. Raul Calfat, CEO of VCP, said, "This transaction represents an important step for VCP in strengthening our position in the global pulp and paper markets. This also enhances our status as one of the lowest cost producers with outstanding services to our customers. We are very pleased with this opportunity which we believe will create substantial value for our shareholders." Andrew Thompson, chairman of Mondi Brazil, said, "We evaluated the options for our investment in Aracruz and concluded that it was in the interests of our shareholders to sell our stake on these terms. We have valued being party to the development of Aracruz during our time as voting shareholders with board representation. We have been particularly impressed by the vision and leadership of Erling Lorentzen as founder and chairman. We are confident that VCP will be a supportive new voting shareholder and we wish both them and Aracruz success in the future." 
 Hello Mr. Uutella,  Thanks for sending me the report. I have read it and I am in the process of preparing a summary of it. I  have a couple of questions for you though.  First, can you explain a little bit about the TAD technology, like how it is done and so on. Also what does TAD stand for?  Second, what does AfH stand for?  Third, the consumption numbers for all the continents were given for year 1999. Do you have them for 2000 yet?  thanks for your help, best regards Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Thanks Nyree :) 
 Thanks! 
 You need the following ingredients:  Trout Fish (medium size) About 4 big yellow onions- chopped into little pieces About 4 pieces of garlic- also chopped in little pieces Tomato Sauce Red Pepper Black Pepper Bay Leaf Lemon Juice Salt White wine Vegetable Oil  The process:  1- Clean and wash the fish. Cut the head off you don't need that. Place the fish in a pan and pour lemon juice in it. Leave it in lemon juice while preparing the sauce.  2- In another pan put some vegetable oil and fry the chopped onions. After about 4 min add a little black pepper, red pepper, garlic, salt and bay leaf and stir. 3- Continue stirring until the onions are a little brownish in color. Then add the tomato sauce and continue stirring. You will have a reddish sauce ready. 4- In a baking pan put the sauce that you prepared above and open a free space in the middle for the fish. Place the fish in the middle. Then pour lemon juice and white wine on the whole pan and put the pan in the oven.  Keep an eye on it as fish is cooked really fast. When you serve it ad lemon juice again.   Another way of cooking the trout fish (much easier and I think tastier)  Get a small trout this time., After cleaning it place it in a baking pan. Then add olive oil into it (lots of it), lemon juice,  chopped tomatoes (about 2 tomatoes) , and olives. Just bake it and there you have it. Again when you serve it you need to add some more lemon juice. It's delicious!    Try any of these and let me know how they taste. Have fun Monika 
   Karen,  I have trouble printing so here is the cash costs for Indonesian mills. To easily identify I have bolded the row that contains the Riau Plant info. Cash costs are $164/mton.  Monika 
  Hello Avril,  We have found some good info on tissue paper from an independent consulting company.I talked to Andrea so we are going to go and purchase the study. The consulting company is located in Germany and the name of the person and his contact are:  Esko Uutella phone 49815129193 emila euco.uutela@t-online.de  Please read below for the kind of information he can provide us with and the related costs. We decided to get the whole package. thanks, Monika 
 Karen,  You are right. I should have included some of my co