 In the morning could you please call to Omaha and ask who could print out enough copies of the attached presentation for the attendees of the 9:00 meeting and forward this to them?  Thanks Audrey! 
 I believe what Lisa (Sawyer?) was referring to is the termination of TW's shared cost surcharge effective October 31, 2001.  I don't think there would be any system changes required.  Typically, TW's rates are entered with a start and end date and (if this is correct) the surcharge should have an end date of 10/31/2001 and there wouldn't be anything else to do.  If it's not entered that way, an end date could be entered now (whether at the surcharge level or at the contract level - the surcharge applies to just 14 firm contracts) and that should take care of it.  Elizabeth,  Is this correct?  I know you're on a project, please let me know if you can check this or who can.  Thank you! Lindy 
 The note "need to verify" appears on this slide, after the bullet "110,000 MMcfd annual average increase".  I calculated this average annual amount from the first bullet "CA's natural gas use will increase from 6,400 MMcfd in 2000 to 7,500 MMcfd in 2010".  The first bullet and the third bullet are from the same source as the graph, The California Energy Commission.  Specifically, it's from their "California Natural Gas Analysis and Issues" Staff Report, dated November 2000.  The CEC's more current report from October, 2001, did not include specific long-term demand projections (it is focused on infrastructure issues).  That's the source of the numbers on this slide. 
 You are correct.  I've got my units confused - the amount on slide #11 should be 110 MMcfd.  On the San Juan slide #14, I've left out a phrase from the report.  The report reads " total basin wellhead production peaked in 1999 at 4.3 Bcf/cd and is expected to decline almost 22%,  about 2.4% per year, to 3.4 Bcf/cd by 2010".  In the tabular information of the study, 1999 begins with 4,306 MMcf/d and 2010 ends with 3,351 MMcf/d. 
 I talked with Steve about this bullet.  Let's insert the phrase "...due to capitalizing on market volatility." 
 On slide # 17, as we discussed yesterday, I think we'll have to do without the 2001 throughput numbers because the FERC Form 2's aren't published yet for 2001.  We could update the presentation when the numbers are published.  On slide # 28, there's a note at the bottom "% of Revenue".  What do we need here?  Do I need to get you a number(s)? 
 I would recommend the following assumptions for capacity resubscription fro= m now through Q3 2006:  The historical average rates should be assumed for the resubscription of Ea= st and Ignacio to Blanco capacity rolling-off during this time period.  The= forward curves that have been discussed represent the value of capacity to= California, not East to East or Ignacio to Blanco capacity.  I don't think= that max rates for the capacity represented in these groups is appropriate= .  The max rate at $.1020 is appropriate for the San Juan group.  The appropriate max rate for the West group is $.2868.  The volume of Ignacio to Blanco capacity available for resubscription shoul= d be reduced.  Today, we have contracts from Ignacio to the Blanco Hub that= then continue on Transwestern on another contract.  (These contracts exist= ed before Transwestern owned this line and were assigned to Transwestern wh= en we purchased the facilities from NWPL.)  Because of this "artificial bre= ak" in the contracts, Transwestern is collecting the San Juan lateral rate = once on a contract from Ignacio to Blanco and then again on another contrac= t from Blanco to Thoreau (or to the CA border).  In the future, when this c= apacity is resubscribed, the contracts will most likely not be split at the= Blanco Hub and Transwestern will only extract the San Juan lateral rate on= ce from Ignacio to Thoreau (or to the CA border).  Jan and I will look at t= he Ignacio capacity that has historically continued on Transwestern south o= f the Blanco Hub (vs. delivering to El Paso at Blanco).  We will come up wi= th a % to be applied to the Ignacio to Blanco capacity that should be resub= scribed at a zero rate (or the capacity to be resubscribed can be reduced -= whichever is easier to put in the model). 
 Attached is the spreadsheet updated for the I to I deals.  Please see the first tab for summarized info. 
 I took vacation (8) on February 1st. 
 It's showing the percentage of capacity subscribed vs. total capacity. 
 The fuel assumptions to be backed-out of the spread should be:  2002 - 2006	San Juan to CA		4.75% 2002 - 2006	Permian to CA		5.00% 2007 - on	San Juan to CA		2.50% 2007 - on	Permian to CA		2.50%  Kevin, Tracy, Steve, Paul - Let me know if you think these are not the right assumptions. 
 This morning in our meeting, we discussed 3 cases to be run in the TW 2010 model.  I've summarized them in the attached spreadsheet so we can keep track of our variables.  I will be sending you additional info for the various cases.  Please call to discuss.  Thanks, Lindy 36007 
 Thanks Mary Kay! 
 Here's the spreadsheet with numbers for the 3 cases.  Please refer to the Assumptions tab (updated numbers in the Summary, Fuel Price & Rates tabs). 
 Yipee! 
 What is the status of the draft from Gina Taylor's group?  Will they be sending it to me for review? 
 The revenue impact of the in-service delay of the Red Rock Expansion is as follows:  Volume			Plan		Revenue	Month  trsp	13,300/d	44 days		$  .05		$ 30,000	(June & July) fuel	    341/d	30 days		$2.57		$ 26,000	(June) fuel	    341/d	14 days		$2.64		$ 13,000	(July)  trsp/fuel	40,000/d	30 days		    0		      0		(June - made no subscription assumption in Plan) trsp	40,000/d	14 days		$ .38		$213,000	(July) fuel	  1,026/d	14 days		$2.64		$ 38,000	(July) ________ Total							$320,000  (Fuel calculated at 2.5% upside) 
 I didn't get a response from Tracy yesterday, so I'll ask you.  Is Gina Taylor's group working on a draft of the Business Plan?  I understood from Tracy in our meeting with Steve last Friday that someone in Gina's group would be working on a draft of the text version of the presentation.  Do you know if that's happening? 
 I've attached Michael's most recent version (from Friday) of the PowerPoint presentation I put together and I've incorporated Tracy's comments (from yesterday).  Ron Matthews had drafted a history for Tracy - it appears on a slide in the presentation.  This is all we have as far as a basic overview and history. 
 Attached is redlined draft.  Plese see changes to the History and Customers & Contracts sections requested. 
 Here is the summary of the expansions currently included in the 10 year projection.I received from James. 
 Please sign me up for the Monday March 18th session at 1:30.  Will you be sending the location? 
 What is the question? 
 I think Rich has told you that I spoke with him yesterday and would like to discuss what it would take to get a new IOS system up and running for TW.  Please give me a call or e:mail me to schedule a meeting to discuss.  I'm at 36007.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Sorry, I didn't see the questions below.  We were using historical rates (no fuel adjustment because we collect it in fuel sales) through 2006.  After 2006, I calculated an adjustment to add to the historical rates (assuming that we would recapture some of the value of the spread in the rate) and it made the rate greater than the max tariff rate.  Davis and I discussed that we didn't think we should assume anything in the models over max rate, so Davis said he would use the max rate after 2006.  (All of this is just pertaining to the West rates.)  The historical average West rate is $.2565.  The historical West rate with fuel adjustment added is $.3404.  The max rate is $.2868.  It's the same thing someone commented below (in blue) in response to the question - "if we are at average rates we would be able to get it  back (fuel over-retention) up to the max rate number." 
 It's just one slide.  The 2nd bullet is true in the recent past, but not necessarily going forward.  I'd have to check with Jan tomorrow if the 4th bullet is in the ballpark.  Neither of these bullets represent a timeframe - Gina said this is very high level.  I guess the last bullet kind of sums up our caveat.  Let me know if you have comments.  Gina said she had been running this all past Rod. 
 Tracy had suggested that we leave the Marketing Strategy to the end after we put together the 10 year plan so that we could address how we plan to meet it.  I had included in my drafts to Kevin the Mktg Strategy slides (2) from our 2002 stuff, but we probably need to expand that to address expansions etc, but I was waiting until we finalized what we were going to project in the 10 year plan.  The strategy should be the same for the Rating Agency slide bullets as for the Business Plan Text. 
 Did you have any comments?  Want anything changed/added/deleted? 
 Jan, I had a number from you for one of the presentations we put together, but I wasn't sure if it was the final, actuals for 2001.  What was TW's total actual throughput for 2001? 
 Jan, What percentage of our revenues from from demand charges in 2001?  Gina has a bullet here that says "over 90%".  Is this in the ballpark? 
 I have 1.8 Bcf/d for annual daily average for total system in 2001 on TW. 
 That's what I was asking Jan previously - does the 1.8 Bcf/d include any estimates or is that an actual number?  Gina, I am waiting for Steve to respond to two e:mails I've sent him requesting comments on the slide.  He is in Dallas today. 
 No problem! 
 Thank you! 
 Ava has received several RSVP's for the meeting, but the hotel has not received many calls for rooms.  Ava is trying to determine if the rooms still need to be blocked-out.  She will call the customers for us if we would provide the phone #'s to her.  Could you please fill in the phone #'s for your accounts and forward to Ava Garcia?  Thanks! 
 Effective March 1, 2002, I will not be working the 9/80 schedule anymore.  Please let me know if you need anything else from me.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Yes, I'll be working a regular 5x8 schedule.  What voicemail?  Are you thinking of someone else? 
 Sorry!  Here are the bullets: - 2,500 mile pipeline extending from west Texas to the California border with 1.7 Bcf/day of peak capacity - Maximum Rate Environment Due to Increased California Demand - Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities Provides Flexibility to Rapidly Adapt Regional Demand - Over 90% of Revenues From Demand Charges - Western Deliveries Fully Subscribed Through Dec 2005, Eastern Deliveries Fully Subscribed Through Dec 2002; Well-Positioned for Recontracting - No New Rate Case Until November 2006 - Overbuilding into Cal. can compromise resubscription of contracts (not unique to TW)  The slide includes these bullets, a map of TW and a barchart with 1999-2001 throughput.  I asked Gina to change the 90% to 80% in 4th bullet.  How do you feel about the "Maximum Rate Environment ..." bullet? 
 I am planning to take take vacation days on March 8 & 11 and on March 29 & April 1.  Please let me know if there are any scheduling conflicts.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Hello!  I was asleep at the wheel there.  I'll have Gina change that to 85% subscribed on average through 2005.  There is not time period referenced on the max rate statement. 
 Gina needed to finalize, so we deleted the "max rate environment" bullet. 
 This is my understanding too.  We can discount GRI away and we only have to pay the Gas Research Institute what we collect.  We have to pay the ACA, if we discount it away.  One more check would be Jeanette Doll.  Jeanette? 
 I tried to find the original spreadsheet that I'm sure you sent me where you calculated these quarterly rates, but I can't find it.  Do you recall these rates?  My question is, I think we used just demand dollars (so I don't think commodity is in here) - how is it that the San Juan rates are above the maximum $.1020?  There really aren't any surcharges for San Juan to Thoreau transactions.  Can you try to look at this to see why the rate might be averaging greater than max?  Thanks!!    1Qtr	2Qtr	3Qtr	4Qtr	Annual West	$0.2577	$0.2557	$0.2626	$0.2499	$0.2565 East	$0.0777	$0.0535	$0.0517	$0.0537	$0.0591 Ignacio	$0.0443	$0.0445	$0.0433	$0.0392	$0.0428 San Juan	$0.1042	$0.1042	$0.1050	$0.1039	$0.1043 
 Thank you! 
 President's Day Holiday on 2/18 and my last Friday off on 2/22.  Thanks Audrey! 
 I am here.  Let me know when you have time to meet today.  So far I'm open. 
 How does this look?  The first slide is the flyer to be distributed to the parents in the kids' bags.  The second slide I'll print to put on a large manila envelope for the each classroom door.  Did I forget any info?  Does it sound voluntary enough?  Let me know your comments and I'll run it past someone in the office this evening or on Monday and try to have the envelopes out on Monday.  I'll collect the checks each evening when I pick-up Sam.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Okay.  I've already drafted some Marketing Strategy stuff that Steve's reviewing.  Let me know when you want to get together to discuss. 
 Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.  Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.    Let me know your comments.  Thanks! 
 That's probably a good idea.  I'll wait until I get our comments. 
 I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list =)  Also, Terry & Shelley - any comments?  We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments, we're going to run it past SoCal as well.  This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week. 
 Can you help me with addressing some of these issues?  Let's talk after Staff Mtg.  Thanks! 
 FYI, Looks like we have a few adm things to get in place before we can implement. 
 Yes Dad, you did it right!  Hope ya'll are okay.  I'll call you tonight PaPaFlo.  Love You! Lindy 
   Thanks again Jan! 
 I'll have to research the contract.  I'll try to get back with you today. 
 I think we can get with Ramona and Mary Draemer to discuss.  They may just be able to work it through their contacts at SoCal.  I do think we will want to run the posting past SoCal before we put it out there. 
 I had been meaning to reply to your message you sent to Tony & me a few weeks ago, after you showed us the houses on Winter Wheat.  I saw this morning that 66 Winter Wheat had an option pending =(   I love that house!  But, we are not in a position yet to make a decision about moving, so I guess it wasn't meant to be.  I just wanted to let you know that we appreciated you coming out to show us some homes the other weekend and following-up so promptly with your e:mail on other houses.  If we do decide that we're coming to the Woodlands, we will be calling you to look for a house.  We really enjoyed meeting you and think that it would be great to work with you to look for a home.  Thank you! Lindy 
 It is my understanding (from Kevin Hyatt) that its like Arizona's PUC. 
 Good Luck! 
 I wasn't at this meeting (I was out yesterday). 
 Lorraine, This is Southern's Gallup contract.  I've looked at our yellow file we keep down here and the original agreement only allowed alt RP's & DP's within the path, in the direction of flow, at the discounted rate.  Then, I see an amendment to allow them alternate DP's at the CA Border.  I don't see anything else here.  Are you aware of any deals that allowed them to use alt RP's in East of Thoreau?  Ramona, Can you ask Dennis to look in Envision &/or pull the official contract file for you and check to see if there are any other amendments?  Thanks, Lindy 
 Tuesday at 2:00 is good for me! 
 Just wanted to let you know I had a phone message from Nancy Mallard(sp?) today.  Her daughter is a bunny.  She had a suggestion for the basket.  The James Avery catalog has some sterling silver charms (for a bracelet or a necklace) that are bugs.  A dragon fly ($17.50), a honey bee ($12.50) and a lady bug ($15).  I left her a message and told her I thought it sounded like a great idea.  I told her we would get back with her after next week (& collecting donations) to see if she would like to purchase one to donate for the basket or if she could provide us with the catalog (because I don't receive that one).  I've already looked on the internet to see if I could get a look.  Apparently, there's not a website.  FYI, we'll touch-base later.  Lindy 
 I can be there. 
   Jan, Thank you for all of your help!! Lindy 
 Here is the projected subscribed capacity and revenue through 2010.  This was updated in February, 2002.  Please review it to determine all of this info is appropriate to be provided to the rating agencies.  Most (if not all) of TW's contracts have confidentiality provisions concerning the rates.  I'm assuming we have Confidentiality Agreements with the rating agencies. 
 2 vacation days - March 8 & 11 1 sick day - March 6 
 Looks good to me.  Should John Duschinske and Greg Porter be listed on the officers for Transwestern? 
 I got your message.  They just got my phone and computer hooked-up (I'm on 39 now).  Can you get together tomorrow?  How about 10:00?  Let me know.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Well, I can't meet at 10:00.  Steve just asked me to attend a "Stan restructuring" meeting for him at 10:00 (Steve's on vacation).  I'd say let's reschedule for this afternoon, but I want to wait to see if there's anything we have to do ASAP from this meeting this afternoon.  Let me get back with you. 
 We have collected $85 so far.  Yipee!! 
 I see at the bottom of the Business Plan where Tracy has asked for written assumptions for the forecast from you.  Has this been completed?  Steve would like to see this by sometime tomorrow morning for his review before our 2:00 meeting.  When will we have this? 
 Currently, Transwestern is considering the TransPecos project, a joint venture where Transwestern would own a 50% undivided interest in a new pipeline with capacity of 311 MMcf/d accessing Mexican markets near the El Paso/Juarez area. 
 Sounds like it's more than just us! 
 Shellley would like to meet at 9:30 on Monday in her office to discuss Transwestern customer accounts.  Please let me know if you have a conflict with this time.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I'm sorry I will be not be in the office Friday. 
 FYI.  Have we got anything set-up with James & Gabriel yet?  We won't meet with Dave until we've had a chance to discuss among ourselves and see what opportunities we've identified. 
 FYI.  Dave's proposal to Steve. 
 Let me know if you have any questions or need anything changed.  Thanks, Lindy X36007 
 I don't know if Perry has responded to your request yet concerning what contracts are expiring with WTX Pool capacity and about that Duke contract you mentioned in our Staff Mtg yesterday, but I looked at my notes and this is what I come up with.  The Duke contract that expires 7/31/2002 without ROFR is already taken into consideration as expired in the November, 2002 capacity of 17,300/d we derived last week (which we've already sold 20,000/d to Calpine & PPL).  Other contracts expiring in 2002 & early 2003 from the WTX Pool are:  25841	PG&E	17,200/d	10/31/2002	(ROFR trigger 10/31/01) 26511	PG&E	  8,165/d	10/31/2002	(ROFR trigger 10/31/01) Total		25,365/d  26683	APS	8,000/d		3/31/2003	(subject to ROFR)  Otherwise, we have WTX Pool capacity every Apr-Oct of 14,000/d (opposite of SWG's seasonal ctrc).  The other issue we could take into consideration here is displacement.  For the month of November, 2002 (for example) we have 22,000/d of capacity we are including in our WT-1 total that is made up of southward paths (20,000/d for USGT & 2,000/d for Astra with receipts north of WT-1 for delivery to WTX delivery points south of WT-2).  This is the most conservative capacity reservation policy.  In the event not enought physical receipts were nominated south of WT-1 to fulfill all physical deliveries nominated south of WT-1, we would need to compress gas south through WT-1 to make deliveries for these two contracts.  We may want to reassess this. 
 I took a day of vacation (8 hour day) on Tuesday, 11/16.  I had two sick days on 11/17 & 18. 
 Yes, Shelley & I discussed this on Monday.  Isn't that interesting?  I wish we could slip this into some data request or something. 
 We held a meeting to discuss the status of TW's 637 Imbalance filing.  Our current position (after discussions about a month ago) has been that we are concerned about filing anything in the 637 docket because it would stir-up segmentation and for now we want to let that sleeping dog lie.  We discussed again the possibility of making a separate tariff filing to pursue our OBA "wish list" outside the 637 arena and decided again that this type of filing would just get consolidated with our pending 637 filing.  After further discussion we decided that the one thing, most narrowly defined, that would really help us out with our imbalances is mandatory cash-out in constrained areas.  If defined this narrowly, this is something for which we can clearly demonstrate an operational need based upon historical allocation and imbalance data.  We think that we could make a 30 day tariff filing for this one change and have minimum risk of entanglement with the overall 637 filing.  Glen & Mary are going to discuss with MKM and Teb with Rob.  Lyn & Terry are going to pull together the last 12 months of data for constrained areas on our pipe (Ignacio to Blanco, Blanco to Thoreau, Thoreau to the border & check with Darrell for any other areas that should be included) and increased imbalance levels.  We plan to get together next week to discuss further.  Concerning the rest of our OBA "wish list", we are discussing whether to hold meetings with individual protestors to discuss only the Imbalance issues of the filing and work toward a "settlement" position on those issues to have ready in the event of Commission action in this docket. 
 Thanks! 
 Here's the ROFR spreadsheet.  The last time I updated it was 9/17/01.  I just had Dennis run a report out of CBS yesterday so that I could sync-up the ROFR spreadsheet for any long-term contracts, but I haven't had a chance to do it yet. 
 Dear Ahmed,  Thank you so much for sharing!  I can't tell you what a sweet boy he is!! I have the picture of him today (with his eyes open) as my screen saver.  Everyone in my office is in love with Khalid! Well, I hope you are okay and have maybe caught up on some sleep.  Hopefully, Khalid will be a good sleeper.  I told Amy that this was enough to make me want to get on a plane.  Maybe Tony, Sam & I will be able to come visit soon.  I'm so excited that Sam will have a cousin near his age.  He has Riley (turned 2 yrs. on Oct 4th) and Peyton (was 3 yrs. in June) who are brothers and live in San Antonio (Tony's brother Larry's boys).  But we are thinking that we've never been to Memphis and it would be a great place to visit! Sam is doing wonderfully.  As everyone will tell you, they grow up so fast.  Just enjoy every moment - these boys are little miracles!  Sam has started saying alot of words (moon, house, ball, cookie, crackers, buckle) and he is going to be a lion for halloween - he's been practicing his roar.  What will Khalid be?  Sam is also trying to put on his shoes and socks.  He is fascinated with buckles - he can buckle, but not unbuckle yet.  He is almost riding his tricycle. Everything else is good here.  My mom and Charlie have started driving here today.  They will get to Houston tomorrow night.  Tony is driving the Corvair in a parade Saturday and then, of course, we are watching the Baylor game. I'm so glad to hear your mom and dad are coming this weekend.  I bet they cannot wait.  I hope they are able to visit often.  It is so important to me that Sam knows my mom, Charlie, my dad & Flo.  I was so lucky to get to grow-up with my grandparents in town and I wish that Sam will have the same. Have fun with sweet Khalid and take care of Amy.  It sounds like you all are doing great!  Love, Lindy 
 Oooh!  He is soo sweet!  Thanks for the pic's.  We'll have to get our act in gear here with our digital so we can be hi-tech too.  He is darling!!  XOXO to Khalid (& you guys too).  Love, Lindy 
 Dave, How are you?  I hope all is going well with your new job.  I'm sorry we won't be able to meet this Friday.  Can I call or e:mail you to set-up another time?  I'll look forward to seeing you soon.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I have provided to TW's Gas Logistics Group copies of the following facility related agreements:  La Plata Facilities Ownership & Operating Agreement between TWPL & Northwest Pipeline dated November 3, 1995. WT-1 Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Southwestern Public Service: Electric Service Agreement dated March 8, 1996 Amendment effective June 1, 2000 Agreement dated October 27, 1999 Bisti Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services: Compression Services Agreement dated March 31, 1999 Amendment effective June 18, 1999 Letter Agreement dated June 18, 1999 Letter Agreement dated June 30, 1999 Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated September 9, 1996 (I don't have a copy of this.  I just have a copy of the Amendment.) Amendment dated June 18, 1999 Gallup Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services: Compression Services Agreement dated October 18, 1999 Gas Conversion Agreement October 18, 1999 Letter Agreement dated February 23, 2000 Amendment dated March 24, 2000 Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated October 18, 1999 Operational Control Agreement dated February 11, 2000 Gas Logistics (Christine McEvoy) already had copies of the Blanco Hub Agreements.  I don't have copies of the March 31, 1999 Bloomfield Compression Services Agreement or the September 9, 1996 Bloomfield Operations & Maintenance Agreement  (referenced in the Bisti Agreements).  James, do you have copies?  Who else would have a copies? 
 Lee Huber has located copies of the Bloomfield O&M & Compression Services Agreements and a copy of the Bisti O&M Agreement.  She is giving these copies to Bill Brown. 
 How does this look? 
 Rich, Give me a call when you have a chance to discuss. Thanks, Lindy 
   James, please find the file attached with the SoCal amounts in dispute as we discussed.  Let me know if you need any further assistance.  Richard, We are meeting tomorrow afternoon (internally) to discuss a possible SoCal settlement position.  Could you verify the amounts from March, 2001 through September, 2001 by lunch time tomorrow?  (I was using a combination of a spreadsheet Linda Ward had provided to me a couple months ago and inquiring in the CBS invoice system.  I want to make sure I have the most current information.)  If not, let me know your timing.  Also, have we been billing interest on the disputed amounts?  I don't see anything in the invoice system.  Please let me know.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Attached is a spreadsheet where James has calculated the interest owed by SoCal.  The interest totals about $0.5 MM.  We have not been billing interest.  The system does not generate an interest invoice until the disputed amount is paid.  Then, based upon when it's paid, the interest is calculated. 
 The last slide I'm working on is the "Detail of Market Value" slide.  I have a draft completed, but Steve has not been able to review it.  As long as I can get time with him in the morning and the changes aren't significant I should be able to have the presentation to you. 
   Could all y'all check my work =) before I send this out to everyone?  (Scroll-down to the highlighted areas.)  Thank you! 
   Kim asked me to send the attached spreadsheet to you.  It's my listing of TW's firm contracts where I track ROFR.  This is a complete list as of 9-17-01 of all long-term contracts (seasonal or longer).  Any monthly deals may not be included.  Dennis Lee has a report he runs from CBS of all currently effective contracts and contracts with future effective dates for me to cross-check that I have everything.  The first tab "ROFR Criteria" is a complete list of currently effective contracts including (at the bottom) contracts with future effective dates and the Red Rock Expansion contracts.  The receipt and delivery areas are noted.  The tabs following show the subscribed capacity for certain segments of TW's pipe (West of Thoreau, Blanco to Thoreau & Ignacio to Blanco) by month through 2006. 
   Replace slide # 4 ("Reconciliation of 2001 Plan to 2001 3CE") Replace slide # 5 ("Reconciliation of 2001 3CE to 2002 Plan") Insert new slide	# 6 ("Net Commercial Contribution Accountability") Replace slide # 15 ( "Fuel Revenues 2001 vs. 2002", was slide # 14) Insert new slide # 18 ("2002 Strategy") 
 Thanks Mary Kay! 
 How's this? 
 Please print a few copies of this spreadsheet and take them to Tracy in her meeting this morning.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I faxed it to you, but I think I know why it wouldn't print.  Go to Sheet 1(2) - Sorry, it's the revised one. 
 Attached is a revised offer per our conference call yesterday.  The 1st tab is the summary.  The 2nd tab has the calculations (as well as for the other alternatives we discussed). 
 Oh!  Doesn't he just steal your heart?  Thank you for the pictures.  I have the 3rd one on my screen background.  What an angel!  I'm glad you liked everything and it fits.  I hope you can find a tiny little picture of his sweet little face to put in his blue bejeweled frame.  Isn't our Sam a handsome boy!  He says pickle, boat, nose, eyes, daddy's car, grandma (this is when he's referring to Tony with a blanket wrapped around his head like a scarf), milk, water, beans, hush chloe & I get binky.  He is wonderful.  Sam & I are bonding this weekend.  The kids were all 3 going to NYC with Lisa for the weekend, but Anthony doesn't want to go.  So, he's staying with us, but he and Tony are going to the river in Utopia, TX to take Anthony deer hunting for the first time.  They're staying at Tony's grandma's house.  She's very excited to see them. Anthony is very excited and wanted to know if they could get him some "camo" Friday night (it's all about the clothes these days).  That's about all I know.  It's good that you're going into work and getting out of the house.  It sounds like you're hanging in there.  I hope you're able to get some more sleep.  I'm sure it won't seem soon enough, but you will get to sleep again sometime in the next year or so =)  (It does sound like a long time when you say it out loud.  Sorry.  It'll go by fast!)  I'm excited that Khalid will be baptized by your friend.  He sounds like an enlightened man and I think it's nice for him to recognize both your and Ahmed's faith.  Khalid is a lucky baby.  I wish we could be there.  Take care and tell Ahmed hi.  Give Khalid a kiss & a squeeze.  Love, Lindy 
 Let me know if we're syncing-up.  If we're off in June - Dec, check what I have for the Red Rock Adm Ctrc (I know Dennis made some changes.  I think I have the most current, but possibly not.)  Thanks, Lindy 
 Yes, I did receive it, but I was going to call you because it was issued under my previous married name "Lindy H. Currier".  How could I get it issued in the correct name "Lindy Donoho"?  Please let me know. 
   Let me know if you need any help for Thursday's meeting. 
 Perry had asked me whether this contract had ROFR or not because he thinks it should be terminated, but CAS is still reserving capacity for the contract because it has a ROFR flag on it in CBS.  I think that this contract does not have ROFR, but could you confirm this for me?  If my memory is correct, I thought that this agreement was always done just a month or two at a time and that at the end of each term it was negotiated with the price desk (& more recently TK) to roll for another month or so.  If I'm thinking of the right contract, that would mean that it did not have a ROFR (because it was not for a year or longer) and that it terminated 3/31/2001.  Could you check the contract file for me and look at the amendment history to confirm that the agreement did not have a year or longer term?  If not, then this agreement should not have the ROFR contract on it.  Let me know.  Thanks! 
 You had asked to see a final copy of our presentation.  This is what was sent to Tracy today.  We may have a couple of inserts by Friday.  Please call me or Steve if you have any questions. 
 CAS continues to reserve the capacity under the contract, as if it's not terminated, as long as there is a ROFR flag on the contract.  ROFR indicates that the customer has a contractual right to extend the contract pursuant to certain parameters in the tariff. 
 I have nothing to report.  Thx Lindy 
 Thanks! 
 FYI for our meeting Tuesday, 11/27 at 2:00 with Dave. 
 It had come up in a meeting that TW was being allocated some $$ associated with NNG personnel (probably storage desk in Houston & Omaha and risk management people).  Is there anyway that you can tell us the people (partial people) who are being allocated to TW? 
 I'm a little nervous actually commenting that we have Shipper imbalances.  Here are my comments. 
 I like Terry's suggestion.  In fact, in the preceding paragraph and the following paragraph where we refer to "shippers", we could refer to "customers" instead. 
 My other comments on the tariff sheets were as follows:  Section 35.2 2nd paragraph, 3rd sentence.  Explanation of "incremental revenue".  When we talk about revenues which TW already receives from reservation charges being paid prior to the bid period.  What if we're taking bids on future capacity and we're trying to get revenue that is incremental to reservations charges we're not necessarily being paid yet?  The language is so specific.  Can we change the language to refer to revenues incremental to what TW already has contractually committed?  2nd paragraph, last sentence.  The phrase "guaranteed throughput volume service applies only in the case of a negotiated rate".  What does this mean?  TK & I were both a littles confused by this language.  4th paragraph, 4th sentence.  The phrase "the value of the index based rate bids will be calculated using the applicable published indices available on the bid deadline".  TK, is the phrase "published indices" generic enough or should we use something broader that might encompass basis quotes?  I realize it will probably have to be something that is published. 
 Amy confirmed for me that USGT's scheduled volumes West on Ctrcc 27161 since 11/1/01 total 13,785.  She is not including the volumes for today (11/20), since it's not a final volume for the day yet. 
 See how this looks. 
 Attached is the slide detailing expansions to California as of 11/7/2001.  Please review and forward as needed to JPMorgan. 
 Dan asked me for a copy of the offer we sent to SoCal on the billing issue.  I must have deleted the e:mail.  Do you still have it electronically & if so, could you forward it to Dan?  He's interested in the excel spreadsheet with the $$ impact.  Thanks! Lindy 
 I have a 2:00 meeting with a customer.  It should only last about an hour, but I might be able to be there until 3:15 or 3:30. 
 How does this look?    Also, I did change some numbers in the excel spreadsheet:  The Ignacio to Blanco subscription levels were pulling from the row excluding ROFR capacity in the supporting sheet.  I changed it to be consistent with the other 	capacities (which include ROFR capacity).  Shelley had made some assumptions about East of Thoreau capacity subscription, such as, the USGT 400,000/d contract would remain subscribed (it doesn't 	have ROFR) and she had included the extension of 2-3 other contracts that don't have ROFR.  These contracts were then dropped after 2005.  I continued the 	extensions through 2006.  I changed the East of Thoreau capacity to 750,000/d from 850,000/d. 
 TK, Would you be able to attend this meeting at 3:00?  I will be there ASAP (maybe at 3:00 even), but I'm meeting on the electric compression agreements at 2:00 and I think I may not be able to get to this meeting until 3:15 or 3:30.  Please let Ramona know.  Thanks! 
 Attached are our responses to # 1, 17, 18, 19, 20 & 21 for Transwestern.  Rick, for your review, Amy Mulligan gave me the volumes each month for Calpine & Griffith.  We used actual volumes delivered (not scheduled volumes), per question #19. 
   Thanks, Lindy 
 Here is the final except the "contributions" slide we discussed.  (We may have a "strategy" slide to insert Friday as well.)  Call me with any questions 36007. 
 No.  I can't open/print it either. 
 Could you please put me on your distribution list?  I've found your summari= es to be very helpful - I usually get them forwarded to me by someone, but = I may not be getting all of them.  Thanks! 
 Mark, Here is the e:mail about BP Chemicals.  Thank you for your help. Lindy  (Dawn, Mark is with ENA on the Texas Desk and is going to try to track this down.) 
 Happy birthday to you!  Happy birthday to you!  Happy birthday dear Margy, happy birthday to you!  How are you?  Brett?  Shayne & Summer?  Your family?  I hope everyone is well and coping with all that has happened.  We are fine down here.  My mom & Charlie are coming for a visit next week.  They were flying, but now they're driving.  I think we could all get into the whole family truckster thing again.  Tony & I have decided we probably need the van with the TV/VCR in the ceiling now.  By the way, how is Summer?  What did the doctor have to say about her germ thing, etc?  I hope you all are working through that ok.  I hope you are doing something special for your birthday - going out to dinner with your family & kids and/or maybe a night out with just Brett & you - there's a treat!  Tony & I got a babysitter (one of Sam's teachers) last Saturday for no particular reason and just went out to eat & to a movie (Serendipity - it was a cute romantic comedy.  Just about all I need these days - light & funny & not too much brain power.)  Well, please take the time to celebrate this day - the day we all lucked out and you were born!  Tell Brett it really was his lucky day!  Spend some time with your mom & dad - they were both there =)  And remember the best birthday gift you ever got - the gift of this life - what more wonderful thing could there be?  It was a gift to all of us that have the pure pleasure of knowing you, Margy.  My life would not be the same without you =)  I love you & miss you, my friend.  Lindy XO 
 Attached is Steve Harris' presentation.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  My extension is 36007.  Thanks, Lindy 
   For 3:00 meeting with Danny. 
 Thank you! 
   Here it is.  I'm going to be making some changes before our 3:00 meeting w/ Danny today.  I was planning on having the final to you tomorrow after I make any other changes we discuss in that meeting. 
 TK could you update these prices for me for the Stan Presentation (one more time - it's due to Tracy on Thurs)?  I don't need the historical NYMEX again, unless Vernon has the NYMEX settle price for Jan - Sept '01 (Weren't the historical numbers from last week Inside FERC because we were having a system problem?)  I need them by tomorrow after lunch.  I'm in a meeting from 8:00 to 12:00 tomorrow.  If you have any questions, leave me a voicemail - I'll check it during break. 
 Here's this message. 
 Yes, I set it up with Ken & Dan.  We had a good discussion.  I'm going up for the weekly Imbalance meeting today to discuss some things with Darrell and Richard (Dan will be there).  Tracy & I are also meeting with Dan & John on Thursday to try to "diagram" some of the accounting process with imbalances, linepack & fuel (LOOK OUT!).  When we get the explanation organized, we will be presenting it to all y'all =)  I hope you had a nice weekend in San Antonio.  I know the weather was wonderful.  Hope Hershal is doing better.  Take Care, Lindy 
 Attached is the list of items and prices.  I'll put a check for $37 in Amanda's bag today (if I'm there before you) or tomorrow.  It might be today if I can arrange to meet Rita to drop-off my items to her during lunch.  Maybe I'll get to see you there dropping-off stuff - I'd love to see everything picked-out.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Lindy 
 This is the speadsheet we have been working off of for the 2010 model that Kevin Howard is running.  Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to summarize this for you in a more useful format for your reference.  Lindy 
 Steve Harris asked me to forward these slides of the Red Rock expansion and Sun Devil project.  Please call me if you have any questions at X36007. 
 Thurs, 10/4 is good for me.  Let me know what time.  Thanks! 
 $152MM trsp margins + $33MM fuel + $10MM stretch = $195MM Total Margins - $14MM Expenses = $181 MM Net Commercial Contribution 
  Here's the note on TK's party.  Love You, Lind 
 I have reviewed the La Plata Facilities O&O Agreement.  Lee, could you please review the same and see if you agree with this assessment?  It appears to me that the pigging facilties could qualify as either of the following:  Special Services.  This would be subject to prior written consent and agreement between the Operator (TW) and the Operating Committee (TW & NWPLRepresentatives).  If NWPL agreed, their share of the cost would be in proportion to their ownership interest.  If we did obtain their approval, future O&M cost attributable to the pigging facilities could be shared among the owners.  (We've agreed to a flat fee for 2000 through 2003 with a 3.5% escalator starting in 2001.)  Addition or Expansion.  Demonstrate that the pigging will add incremental transmission capacity. We have to give notice to NWPL and they have 60 days to participate.  If they participate, they share in the cost at their ownership interest, but they get a share of the incremental capacity at their ownership interest.  If they don't indicate a desire to participate in 60 days, we can proceed with the Expansion (without any approval, but also no cost sharing).  Also, any incremental O&M associated with an expansion cannot be passed on to any owners not participating in such expansion.  I think if we went the Special Services route, we would need to justify the need for these facilities to maintain the integrity and efficiency of the facilities at current levels.  I think we would spend alot of time arguing this with them and in the end they would probably approve it subject to them not incurring any cost.  (They probably don't have $260,000 ($1.5MM * .174) sitting around in a budget somewhere that they'd like to fork over for these facilities.)  Rich, what do you think?  How difficult would it be to demonstrate that these facilities are necessary for maintaining the current operating levels of the facilities?  Recommendation:  To save us the 60 days notice period of an Expansion, I think we should notify them that it's a necessary Special Service and ask for approval (& to pass along their share of the cost), but to be prepared to eat 100% of the costs to obtain their timely approval and proceed with the installation of the facilities.  In this event we would need to agree on the inclusion of future O&M attributable to these facilities.  FYI, their ownership interest is still officially 22.3% since they have not executed the Amendment that has been tendered to them 3 times, first by me and twice by Lynn Blair.  If	they execute the Amendment that incorporates the 4/1/98 expansion of the facilities, their ownership interest will be 17.4%. 
 Either time is good for me. 
 Good job!! 
 I have nothing to report =) 
 No problem-o! 
 I'm sorry I will not be able to attend.  Hope you all have a wonderful time! 
 According to Glen, these were just orders granting rehearing on some issues= .  We still have to proceed with compliance of the requirements.  We're sub= mitting our first report on Friday for the month of August. 
 It loods good!  Thank you so much.  I'll let you know if we need anything else after Steve looks at the graphs/charts. 
   It looks good!  I had a few comments on pages 7 & 9.  Also, on page 13 - # 26 & 27, is there any benefit to more specifically describing why we "understood" and why they "knew" that the San Juan lateral contract would be base loaded due to their long-term firm supply arrangement with Pan Alberta that existed prior to and after the Global Settlement rates were negotiated?  FERC is aware of this longstanding and complex arrangement involving PGT, NWPL, TW, Pan Alberta, SoCal and SoCal's affiliate, PITCO.  It would seem a huge oversight on SoCal's part that this lower rate they supposedly negotiated and agreed to with TW was not memorialized in the Global Settlement or in TW's tariff.  This is a rate that applies to two-thirds of the volumes SoCal transports under contract 8255 and allegedly SoCal and TW had some verbal agreement (with a 10 year term) that would apply to these volumes. 
 Either time is good for me. 
 Yes, please.  I need the 2002 At-A-Glance, the smaller one with one month per two pages.  Please see my current calendar on my desk if this does not make sense.  Thanks Audrey! 
 I just wanted to say it was good to see you the other day, though brief =)  Let's get together soon for lunch or something.  I'm missing my Bob time! 
 I can be there. 
 Per our conference call today, here are some ideas to get TW Settlement Value.  1.	SoCal to commit to TW to let us schedule transport at the SoCal/Topock (South Needles) delivery point.  2.	SoCal to turnback 20,000 to 25,000/d of receipt capacity from the WTX Pool, at no cost to TW (SoCal continues to pay for it).  3.	TW has been scheduling PG&E's payback to SoCal at SoCal/Topock to help PG&E and SoCal.  SoCal to schedule this as transport from PG&E/Topock (as a RP) to SoCal/Topock (DP) and pay TW transport fee.  4.	SoCal to agree (in writing) to dedicate to TW the incremental 50,000/d at Needles becoming available Jan, 2002 until Red Rock Expansion in-service.  5.	SoCal to amend their OBA to dollar-valued (from volumetric) and cash-out their existing OBA with TW (at TW's index value).  6.	SoCal to sell storage to TW.  7.	SoCal to purchase incremental Thoreau to West of Thoreau capacity from TW.  8.	Extension of SoCal's mainline &/or San Juan lateral contracts.  Or early notice of termination or early notice of ROFR trigger (so that we would have the opportunity to remarket it). 
 Can we all plan to get on the phone with Maria tomorrow (Thurs) at 10:00 to discuss some questions with Elizabeth about East of CA?  We've apparently been inconsistent in our interpretation for different purposes (reporting and system mod's, etc.) and want to get it all straight.  Elizabeth, can you come to th 13th floor and then we'll grab a room/table/office and call Maria?  Thanks! 
 Maria, Please let me know when  you can meet tomorrow.  TK is out tomorrow through Dec 26th, but we can't meet this afternoon because Elizabeth is out today.  So, let me know when Elizabeth & I can get with you tomorrow. 
 Please let me know a soon as possible this morning (by 9:30 if possible) what the annual dollars are we collect from NWPL & PNM for the Blanco Hub and from NWPL for the La Plata Facilities.  I need the total dollars (both the Operating and Market Services together).  I just need a ballpark number.  Whatever was the agreed to budget for 2001 on the Blanco Hub and whatever that flat fee is for the 3 years on the La Plata Facilities.  THANK YOU!!  Lindy 
 Kevin needs to know how much money TW made in 2001 on excess fuel sales (whatever is the most current number - 3rd CE?).  And then he would also like to know revenue in the 2002 Plan dependent on excess fuel sales - let's use the Plan numbers as submitted in Nov.  (FYI Kevin, we are re-looking at the 2002 Plan right now & there could be changes.) 
 In an effort to get cash in the door for TW and to maximize revenue opportunity for TW in the coming year, I think we should look at getting two proposals on file with the FERC as soon as possible.  One would be the OBA filing we have been discussing (and trying to support with historical data) to get automatic cash-out on OBA's in "constrained" areas on TW.  Second would be to look at filing for scheduling by price at alternate FT points.  This may be the time (the market to California is not so hot) to try to implement this.  I know we will have to look hard at the cost of the system modifications required and whether we can justify them.  Glen is already scheduling a meeting next week for further discussion of the OBA tariff filing.  Could we discuss scheduling alternate FT by price at the same meeting? 
 The total number would be $330,000 per year. 
 Thanks for your prompt response! 
 Where is Lisa's Office? 
 Thanks Glen! 
 I took 3 vacation days 12/4, 12/5 & 12/6.  Thanks Audrey! 
 Thank you for all of your help!  I appreciate your quick response.  Lindy 
 Amy & Ahmed, Thank you so much for the pictures of Khalid.  We are so disappointed we will not get to see him at Christmas.  Maybe we can plan a trip to Memphis sometime in the coming year.  I wanted to let you know that we've sent a box of "stuff" to your house.  They are hand-me-downs from Sammy - clothes & his whirlin' twirlin' garden.  Please feel free to sell in a garage sale or donate anything you don't want/need.  Hopefully he can get some use out of some things. How are you all?  Getting ready for the trip to Omaha?  Are you driving or flying?  Everyone is good here.  We will get the kids Friday and have them until the evening of Christmas Eve.  Sam is having a Christmas party at school this Thursday.  I'm going to be baking cookies for that.  Sam is wonderful!!  He is the sweetest boy.  I've finally figured-out the digital camara, so I'll try to send some pic's soon. Take care.  We love & miss you.  Lindy 
 Per our discussions yesterday, I did find an Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P. Order On Rehearing in my file, dated August 5, 1997 in Docket No. RP97-126-002 (80 FERC P61,199) concerning scheduling alt FT by price.  On reviewing it again, some key points were:  Allocate based on the highest percentage of the maximum rate - the rate used being the rate for the package of services that includes those secondary rights. The Commission maintains that all firm capacity, once scheduled, be curtailed pro rata, without regard to price.  Panhandle also filed on March 14, 1997 for scheduling alt FT by price at Docket No. RP97-291 (it's referenced in footnotes, but I don't have a copy of the filing). 
 Craig, What is the definition of "non-standard" for your purposes?  Give me a call to discuss and I'll verify. (X36007) Thanks! Lindy 
 Thanks for setting this up! 
 We spoke briefly with Randy this morning and let him know that Richardson took the gas in Dec the 22-31.  He was okay with this.  He wants to wait to change the volume until the 12th.  We told him you would let him know later today the amount he should nominate for Jan 12-31.  Here's our calculation.  Please confirm or correct and forward to Randy when you get in this afternoon.  Thanks!  January amount		361,708 December amount	112,452 ----------- Total			474,160 Sched 1/1-1/11*		186,129 ----------- Sched 1/12-1/31		288,031  *Still assuming 21,447 for 1/11.   Daily Sched 1/12-1/31	 14,402 
 Please mark me down for: 1/1	Holiday 1/2	Sick Day 1/3	Vacation Day (8 hours) 1/4	"Friday Off" Thanks, Lindy 
 Could you run that report for me of the current and future effective firm contracts on TW?  Thank you! Lindy 
 Yes.  I have 3:00-4:00 on my calendar for Thursday, October 25th.  Please let me know the location. 
 Thank you for your quick response =) 
 Hi Ken!  I heard in our Staff Mtg that you were "going over to the other side"  =)  I will miss you, but I wish you good luck.  When you have a minute, call me and let me know your reflections on your new opportunity.  I hope you're doing okay - going with the flow.  Who knows - in a few months we could be reunited - stranger things have happened!  Lindy 
 Absolutely!  Currently, my title is "Director Customer Service Initiatives (I think?), Marketing, Transwestern Pipeline Company". 
 The only thing I have to add, if this is our premise, Williams Field Services is not an "owner" of the Blanco Hub.  Only PNM, NWPL and Transwestern are owners and should be the only parties that can transport gas across the hub header system without a fee (because they are in effect transporting on their own pipeline).  I'm wondering if it's appropriate for WFS to have a "hub" agreement, if the purpose is for the Operator (TW) to be able identify transactions scheduled across the hub on the owners' capacity. 
 I taked with Kathy about WFS.  They are not an owner, but are transporting on NWPL's capacity in the Hub.  Please see the attached revised document where I've added to the explanation of the Hub agreements. 
 Please see the attached PowerPoint presentation.  This is a first draft of certain sections (Industry Environment, Competitive Environment and Revenue Generation) of the TW Ratings Package. 
 Thanks!  I just wanted to know the schedule to see if we needed to leave a key out for ya'll on Thursday or anything.  Sam & I will be home by the time you get to the house.  Friday is my day off, so that works out well.  We're looking forward to seeing you guys! Get ready to be "bossed" by the master =)  Sam's running the show!  Love, Lindy 
 I am planning on taking vacation on the following days:  1/2 day		Monday morning, 1/28 2 days		Thursday & Friday, 1/31 & 2/1 (Sam's school is closed)  Please let me know if there are any conflicts with this schedule.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I'm sorry I won't be in the office tomorrow.  Lindy 
 I was trying to respond to your message about the IOS meeting Friday & I lost it.  I will not be able to be at the meeting.  I am not in the office on Friday.  Please let me know if it will be rescheduled or when we can meet to discuss.  Thanks again, Lindy 
 Teb, I'm sorry I wasn't in this morning.  Can you fill me in on the meeting when you have time? Thanks, Lindy X36007 
 What is the elementary school for the Autumn Lake subdivision?  Thank you, Lindy Donoho 
 Amy & Ahmed, Sorry it's taken me so long to reply.  Thank you for the darling pictures of Khalid.  I'm going to have to change my screensaver here at work because I still have one of the "washed in stardust" pic's and of course he's totally changed!  He's so handsome and has such a pretty complexion - and those beautiful, big, brown eyes - what a sweetheart! We had a great visit with "PaPaFlo"!  Dad (Cal our Dad) taught Sam to jump (sort of) and now he's unable to just walk anywhere, but has to jump his way where ever he goes (thanks Dad!).  I think PaPaFlo (which now refers to your mom and Dad simultaneaously) got satisfactorily worn-out by their toddling grandson.  We went on the slide, "go to swingies", "play-da-cars", "draw-da-picture", "play-da-firetruck", "ride-da-wagon" and "read-da-book" - and I was happy to hear PaPaFlo proceeding each of those phrases rather than Mommy.  Sam is busy! I heard Khalid had a cough.  I hope that clears up soon.  I also heard you were looking at a new house.  That's exciting - I'm sure you could use the room.  Good luck with that! Tony is on the third week of his new job.  It seems to be going well.  He was bored, but now they gave him two houses in the sheetrock stage to finish.  I hope Ahmed's new job is good too.  Amy, I heard your job was working well from a flexibility standpoint with Khalid.  That is really a blessing. I won't mention how my job is going, except I'm still here and we don't know anything you don't know. We were sad to hear about Mr. Sutton. The kids are all fine.  Missy was disappointed she didn't get to see your mom and Dad while they were here.  She probably thought she might get a present =) I need to get out the digital camara and get some new pic's of Sam.  I'll try to get those your way soon.  I'm sure Dad & Flo will have some from their visit too.  Take care! Love, Lindy, Tony, Sam & the kids 
 Ken, Did you tell me once that you had documented the calculations contained in the Daily Balance report?  I'm thinking (oh-oh) that I might not be able to talk with you after Friday and I wondered if you could send me a copy of your documentation &/or let me know who will have the file (Richard Hanagriff)?  Thanks, Lindy 
 How are you?!  It's so good to hear from you.  Of course I get the updates from Lorrainey & I knew about your new job.  I hope everything is going well there.  Lorraine said that you really liked it.  I thought of Florabama when I heard you were hired at Duke.  Lucky we didn't do anything truly offensive (I don't think) in our negotiations with them.  We need to meet you for lunch someday.  It would be great to see Jeff too, if we could get ahold of him.  He called the other day with a building question.  He sounded good and said Lisa had some irons in the fire.  Everything here is...wierd!!  And it's pretty sad.  The NNG commercial people go over (red rover, red rover) to Dynegy starting Friday.  (This would include Mary Kay - talk about a midlife crisis!)  It's all pretty sad (along with Lay resignation, Baxter suicide, etc.)  The new guy started today - who knows?!  How is Craig?  It looks like Calpine is holding their own.  I've left some messages for Diana, but haven't heard back from her.  Sam is wonderful.  He is talking alot and he's very busy!!  My dad and my stepmom, Flo, were here this last weekend for a visit.  Tony and I got to go out to dinner and to a movie - WOW!  Thanks for keeping in touch.  Let's rally the troops soon for a ladies luncheon.  Lindy 
 Can I help you with anything else for the TW presentation? 
 FYI - status of TW presentation. 
 March 9th would  be good for us.  Thanks!  Lindy 
 This Wed or Thurs, could you update the monthly Cal '02 prices for me again?  Permian San Juan SoCalGas  Hopefully, this will be the last time.  I need to give Tracy the final version of an abbreviated presentation (for Ken Lay mtg 11/8) by the end of this week.  I just wanted to refresh the numbers one more time. 
 It's a kids weekend, so we'll see if we can get babysitters. 
 Here is a diagram of the general segment capacities on Transwestern for the past 2006 analysis.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Jan already has TW's average historical rates derived from TW's actuals (contract rates and throughput/MAXDTQ's) totaled up to TW's contract paths for 2000 and 2001.  I am going to use these numbers to allocate the path average rates to the pipeline segments in Davis' template. 
   Here's the file. 
 Michael, I prepared the TW Marketing s