 Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10!!!  You think Lay is taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin???  That's the rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny hotlanta. Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy lifestyle thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF 
 What a mess.  Keeping discovery at bay should, obviously, continue to be a very high priority for us.  Let me know if these strange events signal an increased likelihood that Gynberg will be able to pursue discovery.  Thanks. df   STACI HOLTZMAN 12/11/2000 09:06 AM 
 I don't see any immediate problem.  As long as the advertising didn't interfere with the effectiveness and efficiency of Hot Tap as a tool for satisfying our posting and notice obligations, FERC shouldn't care.  The revenue would be nonjurisdictional and would be treated as such in Northern's or TW's next rate case.  As to the "type of advertising," I can't think of a legal or regulatory reason we need to be picky, but we may want to exclude certain types of services that seem to rely heavily on internet advertising if you know what I mean.  DF 
 Pls give me a call. DF 
 pls print and hand to me.  DF 
 OK by me.  dF 
 Lee, I did get your draft.  Sorry I didn't get to it right away.  My comments are attached.  Please review and make sure I didn't exaggerate the obligation too much.  I agree that Stuart should take a look.  Thanks. DF 
 Looks good to me  wiht Tony's revision.  DF 
 This looks good to me.  Legal is still OK with this approach.  DF 
 I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU!  Flying on this flight stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus!!  DF 
 I agree with your concern but I've gotten comfortable that the pleading does a good job of finessing the issue.  Technically, you are right and PNM's service is neither "firm" or "interruptible."  It is my understanding that PNM  assigns priority based on a number of factors including whether the customer is a core customer or not, et cet.  I think that PNM is capable of determining on a contract by contract basis whether the capacity will be firm, even though the rate schedule may not say "firm."   Explaining all that complexity would make it unlikely that FERC would approve the rehearing. Nevertheless, I believe its accurate to say that we will only repackage as firm service the capacity that we buy from PNM and that they tell us is "firm."  I think the draft does that, without going throught the unhelpful detail on how PNM handles its own priority system.  If I misunderstand the facts or if anyone disagrees with this approach, lets talk about it.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Many apologies comrade!  By the way, "organization" is spelled with a "z" not an "s" in American English.  Or do you write in English American now?  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 What's up?  Did Rick fire you?  Or does he work for you now?  DF 
 FYI:  more O&M gymnastics, but so far no impact on law.  DF 
 Stan is now the president of Northern.  Dari, have you seen any changes to the org. charts etc. to reflect this?  DF 
 OK.  df 
 OK.  df 
 Optional.  (to this meeting, I mean!) df 
 for calendar.  thanks df 
 Did you all see the blurb in Sep. 29 gas daily on Williams' deal with PROS on a revenue management system?  May be useful to use with our management if there is anxiety about going forward.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Im big on togetherness, but if you'd rather do separate meetings I'm ok with that also.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Great to hear from you!  I'll forward this to the smart guys and see if they have any interest.  Let me know which pipes you'll interconnect with and we'll have a better sense of who else in the organization might be interested.  Kent and Morgan, when we get Tony's response on the interconnects, can you think it through from Florida's perspective also? Thanks.  DF 
 Eric, I think it would be good for you to join us for this meeting.  We're following up on some concerns that arose during the Conoco case about inadequate compliance with Enron document retention policies.  I'm not sure that this subject is within your turf down there, but your historical experience may be useful. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 this answers when and where 
 please find out when/where this meeting is and get me in on it--also, is this attachment the same document that Tony sent me and I sent to you to print? thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord's work on this case! Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well.  Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this email address or by mail at 1111 S. 103d St. Omaha Nebraska, 68124.  Thanks. DF 
 Sorry, just got back from Houston and my duties require me to be in the big O for a few days.  Enerson and I were just talking about you on Friday--I'm forwarding this to him so he can take you out and feed you.  Hope all goes well.  Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters).  DF 
 Thanks Brian.  I'd delete ", oil and gas pipeline" and replace it with "utility" at the end of line 3 to make it a bit broader.  Also, I've run this by Lou and Dot for their input.  If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.   Thanks.  df 
 Is it appropriate for a conference sponsor to use our name like this???  Th= ey've twisted our attendence into something approaching an endorsement.  Sh= ould we send a nasty letter?  df 
 Great.  I've put in a couple of minor changes--pls crank out a clean (non redlined) copy and email it back to me.  For now, lets take out the sentence indicating Sempra's agreement.  Also, delete the privilege header.  I want Georgetta to have a clean copy she can circulate internally in her shop.  In my cover email to her I'll suggest the sentence I'd like to be able to include.  MKM and others--please let me know if I'm good to go on sending this to Georgetta.  Thanks.  df 
 Hey, give me a number where Sandra can reach Merrilee--she got a lead from a friend on a Dis. 66 house.  DF 
 Did we ever look at that storage project up near Sacramento?  I think its called Lodi.  I heard today that El Paso may be close to buying it.  Why would they buy an intrastate, CPUC-regulated storage project??  Maybe to backstop their generation portfolio??  df 
 Thanks for the prompt info!!  I hope we can help this guy get his power plant built.  DF 
 no--golf's great!  df 
 Hey I'm watching your fair city on the tube--I suppose you are at the NCAA final.  I'm stuck down here in Houston again--been down here at least 3 days every week for a month.  Sandra digs it--at least I'm out of her face.  She was down here last week with me for 3 days looking at schools and houses with the 3 girls.  That car was full of bitching, whining and crying.  And the kids got a little cranky too.  Gonna come and visit us???  We'll probably move in August--bring your dad's pickup and you can help!  What a great time to move when its 200 degrees and the fire ants and poisonous lizards are in full frenzy.  Ugh.  We've gotta hook up with you guys before then.  We're out for Easter week, but we'll need a quick road trip eventually.  It would also be cool if you guys want to come down--Omaha would seem like Cancun after the winter you've had!  Take care dude. DF 
 I had the IT guys reschedule my outlook migration.  They should call you tues.  How about doing it wed night when I'm on a plane?  thanks df 
 pls follow up on this.  I can't remember if I've rsvpd or not. thanks.  df 
 Got lunch plans?  Lets talk about this at 12:30--my joint.  (I'll buy) df 
 Sounds like you guys are turning back into regular yankees!  I'm sure your = poor kids are freezing their butts off.  Tell them spring is just around th= e corner--and down the street a block or two.  We won't move until summer, = but I'm down at Planet Houston 3 days a week on average.  I'm pretty flexib= le so let me know if you can make it to OMA or HOU and feel free to rack ou= t with me in either place.  The OMA joint has more room and more chow in th= e frig, but I've got a rockin' bachelor pad apt. in downtown hou that ain't= bad either.  Give me a couple of days notice and I'll get 'Stros tickets a= t Enron Field.  We get paid in baseball tickets now since the stock options= are all worthless.  (but don't ask Egert or Carmany about that).  Good luc= k on the new gig--you always rag being 3d guy on 727s, but it sounds better= than being co-driver on the Airbus (i.e., the "Renault of the skies").  Al= l you have to do is make the friendly announcement about how long the fligh= t will be and then sit around listening to your 8 tracks.  Adios dude.  df = =20 
 Sorry, I read the other email first--you guys have me covered quite well.  I think the staff meeting formerly known as Mikes is on Tuesday Mar. 3, right Emily??  I didn't have anything on my calendar on the 12th.  Emily, you might want to send an email around reminding everyone of the Mar. 3 all-lawyers meeting and the secretary meeting just in case some people are assuming I'll schedule mine at different times.  Thanks all. 
 Lou--could you cover the Derrick meeting on the 12th if Dot is stuck on a hanging jury?    Again, I expect to be on the phone from Cal., but would like one of you guys on also in Houston in case of telecom screwups (which follow me whereever I go).  Thanks.  df 
 The Market Services bullets listed a capacity release deal between MUD and Oxy at 102% of max. rates.  Please let me know whatever we know about that deal--points, term, etc.  Very interesting.  DF 
 This sounds great--I take it that they are still seeking interconnects with us and El Paso, but it sounds like an FT agreement for most or all of their MDQ may be likely.  Super.  df 
 pls print for me--I can't access a printer.  thanks df 
 Are we still considering adding ETS-owned generation at one or more of the TW compressor stations in Arizona or NM?  In case that is still a possibility, let me pass on something we may want to follow up on.  I called an old law partner of mine from DC who is now in the generation development business this week to have lunch and catch up.  This guy says he has come up with a good formula for getting new generation built fast and cheap.  He's got an 80mw nameplate simple cycle project (two frame 6 turbines) under development in Utah that he started development on a month ago and is projected to go in service on July 1.  Pretty quick work compared to other projects I've seen.  Here's his racket:  1.  He gets used, first quality turbines that have been well maintained.  His Utah turbines are something like 2 year old GE units that he bought from Tokyo Electric (he said they had 4000 hours on them and were maintained in typical electric utility gold plated style).  He didn't say, but I suspect there is no warranty on the units.  Obviously, this isn't a bold new strategy, but this guy claims to have a good handle on available used equipment.  2.  His siting/permitting strategy is to use "brownfield" sites--i.e., existing industrial or utility infrastructure is there along with some existing air emissions sources.  His Utah site is at the Magnesium Corp. of America plant on the Great Salt Lake. Magcorp is an ex-client of mine and I know it is a huge emissions source and has no Nimby issues.  Our compressor sites, in contrast, are not major emissions sites but may have some other things in common with this strategy.  3.  Here's a mysterious one--he says the financing is backstopped by the site owner (Magcorp in his project, potentially us if we do a TW project) but the corporate structure he has designed results in the power plant being treated as a non-controlled, non-affiliated entity for air permitting purposes.  That means the power plant emissions are not treated as part of the same emissions source as the host/site.  I'm not sure how/whether this works in a TW scenario, but it might be worth looking at.  We'd need to make sure that any power plant deal we chase doesn't screw up the timetable on the RedRock expansion application at FERC.  MKM--if we could preserve the "separate source" concept for air permitting purposes, could we even start work on developing a power project soon or would we be better off to wait until we have a FERC certificate in hand??  Let me know if there is anything worth pursuing on this.  I'm having lunch with this guy on Mon. and will probably learn more.  The thing he is proudest of is that given the low permitting cost and relatively cheap cost of installed capacity, the project is expected to pay for itself in TWO MONTHS and then generate 100% upside.  Sounds good to me if its real.  DF 
 That's a better idea.  df 
 This may be a good idea, but lets not forget that BP is the entity formerly known as "BP Amoco" which, if I'm not mistaken, is the home of Jeff Hooligan.  That guy sees evil in every pipeline deal,a nd may not have even known that his commercial people were doing deals with TW.  I'd like to think that the commercial people at BP have more clout than Hooligan and Kathy Edwards, but I wouldn't bet the ranch on that.  df 
 I've asked Fran to reschedule this--sorry.  df 
 Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily).  I'll be in Houston this Monday so just come to my office at 8:30 if you are both here.  Dot, pls cover the staff meeting on Monday, April 9 as I'll be on vacation.  Also, pls cover the Derrick large GC meeting at 9:00 am on April 12 as I'll be at NN's Keyex meeting in Cal.  (I may be able to call in to this but would like you to cover anyway in case something goes haywire). Thanks df 
 I had a prior obligation at lunch on Mon.  We need to reschedule the Leadership Dev. mtg.  Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?  Sorry, I know I've disrupted this twice n ow!  I'm good for lunch on Wed if that would work for everyone.  df 
 Here are the stray facts I mentioned: Sulfur River system:  1200 miles of gathering in East Texas and some treating/processing approx. 170 mmcf/d of throughput currently; significant growth expected from new drilling [?] EBITDA:  $40mm/yr Rex Kouri (sp?) is the founding equity in Sulfur River  (I haven't heard of him, but they acted like I should have) An outfit named "Energy Spectrum" put $30 mm in equity into Sulfur River a few years ago and thinks now would be a good time to cash out $90 mm in debt $1/mmbtu gath/proc. margins The guys I talked to said the Sulfur River assets, coupled with the Koch upstream assets in the area, would make an interesting combined play. Koch was asking $200 mil. for their gathering assets a year ago or so--I don't know if its the exact set of assets that Pat and Jerry were suggesting we'd want to include in the package.  The two guys involved are Pat Keeley, of Friedman Billings and Ramsay in DC and Jerry Langdon (the ex-FERC Commissioner), who is an investor/dealmaker.  Let me know if you want me to get these guys to come in and pitch this deal to you/your team.  Reminder--Langdon is talking to Stan on the 10th on EOTT and he may bug Stan about this stuff, so it may be good to get to Stan first.  DF 
 pls get the Quarter Forecast Meeting on my schedule.  thanks df 
 OK.  DF 
 the bid/asked spread narrows as you go out in time also--weird.  I'll come down and grab you guys in a minute as I have a few questions.  Thanks.  DF 
 Hey--were still coming out next Sat.  Are you guys available for dinner on Sat, , April 7????  I can't remember where we aare gonna be staying, but we could meet you somewhere.  Let me know.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I could see accruing $100,000 for legal fees on the ONeOk arbitration--which will be concluded in May.  We could also reserve against OneOk's counterclaim--which is about $4 million.  We expect a final arbitration decision 15 days after close of the hearing which should be well within the 2d quarter.  We may decide to use post-hearing briefs, however, which might push the decision into the third quarter.  Let me know if either of these is worth pursuing.  DF 
 Tell him I'm already migrated to Windows 2000, but that they just havent' put outlook on it yet. Maybe that will help.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Great.  DF 
 Thanks Jean!  Emily--sounds like it will happen soon.  DF 
 Congratulations Adam, and welcome to ETS to both of you!!  You guys may not have heard this, but Mike Moran is retiring and I'm taking over for him as general counsel of the ETS organization.  Does this all mean that I'm your lawyer again just like in the old Zond days???  Weird.  Good luck and best wishes!  DF 
 I will be at Derrick's meeting in San Anton. all day (but would rather be at Dot's!)  DF 
 I've redlined the outline to address what I believe is the most important risk you guys will face out there:  the risk that FERC will listen to your presentation and conclude that the embedded optionality that some pipelines are currently offering in transport contracts is a negotiated term and condition and therefore must be stopped.  I think we need to tailor the presentation and filing to minimize the chance that FERC will take away flexibility we think we now have (i.e., the flexibility to embed shipper puts in transport contracts).   Even if the TW approach on unbundled options goes nowhere, several of the strategies we may want to implement next year depend on continued ability to sell embedded options.   Susan, Shelley,a nd MKM, I still think it is a good idea to push this proposal, but am concerned that FERC might squirrel and go the opposite direction we are trying to push them.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 for my schedule 
 Sorry to take so long--Denise Lagesse of our group has graciously volunteered to represent us on this effort.  Please call me directly if you need my input or if I can do anything else to help.  Thanks Denise.  df 
 Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.  DF  All:  Please take a look at this article.  El Paso's inartful internal documents are creating the same kind of fun for them that Microsoft had during the recent antitrust unpleasantness.  I know that we can't control the way people think about issues such as market behavior, price strategy, etc.  We can, however, remind ourselves and our clients to be very precise and careful in the way we talk about, and particularly, write about, such issues.  I'd like each of us and our clients to keep problems like El Paso's and Microsoft's in mind when we put pen to paper or fingers to keyboard.  Thanks.  df 
 Thanks--I appre ciate your willingness to help.  One thought Dot had is that it might make sense to use someone (i.e., Denise or Ja) who does the actual entry of payables into SAP.  Do you do any of that stuff directly on SAP?  Stop by and grab me for a minute and we'll decide who to use for this.  df 
 I think we do say that in the "to the extent we didn't get binding bids for all of the capacity" sentence.  With that clarification, I think we ought to get this posted and the letters out to shippers.  Susan--make it so.  Thanks.  df 
 FYI.  Feel free to sit in so you have a better sense of what you might face  at the CPUC workshop on the 17th.  I'm not sure where we'll do this--probably either Shelley's or Steve's office.  DF 
 Here are my comments--I'd like to take out the stuff about the rate and any implication that we have flexible terms and conditions.  DF 
 Got any ideas on who would be the best person in our group to work on this?  Thanks.  df 
 Wow--softball questions.  Two thoughts:  1, should we be gentler on the "lack of takeaway capacity" issue?  Steve would know how to play this given Socal's position.  2,  Did McKinsey check with Enron before taking this assignment from Cal?  The lack of conflict of interest rules in the consultant world never ceases to amaze me.  That being said, McKinsey is probably the best outfit we could hope for to take this investigation over for Cal.  I'd like to be on the call to be sure our script for FERC on the neg. rate deals dovetails with what we tell these guys.  Let me know when the call will be.  We may know what the TW FERC order says before this conversation with McKinsey happens so lets talk again before the call.  Thanks.  df 
 Good--the "to the extent that" phrase is appropriately ambiguous on what actually happened--should make Harris happy.  DF 
 Good idea--its good to get Martha out of town now and then so the rest of us can get some rest!  DF 
 Thanks--I'll pass that info on to the employment guys.  df 
 That is unclear at this time--I'll consider this and as I'm not moving for awhile, this may be the easy fix.  Thanks. df 
 I need an extension--I'll give you any comments I have tomorrow by email.  = If I have any feel free to blame me for slowing down the process!=20 
 Thanks Bill--see my other email.  We'll let them suggest a name.  df 
 Thanks Ann--I won't move until Summer, but am aware of this issue (Mike Moran reminded me that an Omaha replacement needs to be found).  I've asked our paralegal Bill Brown to help find likely suspects but if you have an idea let me know what we need to do.  Thanks.  df 
 The author was obviously not aware that the Enron pipelines pride themselves in having standardized our "operational nuisances" !!  df 
 I'm good with it, but have one question.  In par. 2, does the reference to Sec. 13 of the tariff incorporate the lottery method?  I think that's what we are getting at with that reference and I'm ok with it, but I just wanted to confirm that's what we meant.  Thanks. df 
 I'm going down Sunday night--which flight are you on?  df 
 Yes--that would be great.  Please remind me what changes need to be made--removing mike from the operating company officer slates, etc.  I guess.  df 
 Congrats big guy!  I look forward to showing you the sights in the Big O. Since that will only take about 10 minutes, we'll have plenty time to go out for a beer afterwords!  DF 
 Maria, I won't have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.  Grab me if you hav3e any questions.  df 
 Please draft up some language that can be added to this policy to satisfy Mike's concern.  Run it by me and we'll send it to Rod.  Thanks df 
 Great--Martha, pls get me in here for next wk.  I'll be down in Hou all wk I think.  I would like to see what else is available, so why don't you give me a call on Monday afternoon in Houston and we'll figure out when would work to take a look.  Thanks.  DF  (Martha--ignore my earlier email on this subject) 
 Lets talk tomorrow about the whole basket of TW issues, including this one.  thanks. df 
 Did our HR guys get the apartment lined up for me yet?  I'd like to get that available for my trip to Houston next wk.    DF 
 I got your message and understand you can't get all of us and Steve Harris in a meeting before Friday.  Lets do it this way:  I'll call Maria and MKM tomorrow am to discuss what we have learned so far and I'll grab Steve separately to update him.  No need for all of us in one meeting.  Thanks for trying.  df 
 thanks df 
 pls print this email also.  thanks df 
 pls print with emails.  thanks df 
 Would it make sense to have Lee and Bill follow up on this?  I don't know what's involved but hopefully not much.  Lee and Bill, absent contrary guidance from Lou, please handle this.  Thanks. df 
 Congratulations on your new responsibilities.  I look forward to working with you on the Litigation Unit stuff (as Eric will advise you, a very pleasant task!).  DF 
 pls print this for me with the cover memo.  thanks. df 
 Please let him know I'll try to call her on Thur. PM.  thanks.  df 
 Thanks Ranelle!  As for the marketing folks, one benefit is I'll be down there riding shotgun on those TW guys!  df 
 Yes he did, and i'm good with you starting full time down there next wk.  Maria and I have talked about it also.  df 
 Pls print for me--Mike, thanks for offering me a copy but I had it on the computer after all.  Thanks.  df 
 COOL!  I didn't know you guys were that far down the road on this project.  Congratulations and best wishes for further success!  DF 
 Could one of you guys get me rsvp'd for this please?  I don't need any CLE = credit.  Thanks df 
 Count me in!  df 
 pls print.  t hanks df 
 Porter and the whole gang called me while you were at lunch MKM.  I'll give you a full report when I get off this conf. call but short answer is they don't want to meet next wk and want us to provide a bunch more info and then meet.  DF 
 Some of you may have seen the article in the WSJ already, but for those of us in Omaha (who don't typically get the Texas Edition) it was news to us.  Not only is the article relevant because it apparently caused the stock to dip by $10, but the article elaborates on concerns that apply to a form of accounting that some of our commercial people would like to have apply to our business.  I'm not sure the accounting rules would permit mark to market treatment for transport or storage contracts, but it may be appropriate for financial or commodity deals.  DF 
 Hell yes we're coming out!!  Especially now that I know the job market is so good!  I'll give you a call to confirm details (I don't think I've actually talked to you in a couple of years!)  By the way, we're moving to Houston--my boss up and quit and since no one else wanted his job they gave it to me.  Cool.  df 
 Hey, great talking to you.  I appreciate your willingness to talk to David = about the DOE situation.  He's a great guy and one of the best substantive = lawyers I've met.  Short bio--U. of Missouri undergrad, Northwestern law sc= hool.  He was a staffer after law school on the House or Senate Ag committe= e--I can't remember which.  Big time federalist society member and knows al= l those ultra-right winger types.  He was my partner at Wiley Rein and Fiel= ding and was the right hand man of Dick Wiley and Fred Fielding among the y= ounger partners--kind of an enforcer, future executive committee type (he k= ept me from getting fired a couple of times--I'm sure he regrets that now).= Dave wasn't an energy lawyer originally, but did a lot of work on my clie= nt stuff and took over my natural gas clients after I left Wiley.  He also = did a lot of electric restructuring stuff (he was one of the lead lawyers f= or Penn. Power and Light and United Illuminating on the Order 888 complianc= e filings and Nepool and PJM Power Pool open access restructurings).   He's= a Missouri native and got tired of the DC law firm rat race and moved to K= C.  Currently a partner at Blackwell Sanders Peper Martin--does a lot of Ut= ilicorp/Aquila stuff as you'd expect.  Dave's direct dial at work is 816-98= 3-8385 and his home number is 816-407-9026. =20  Mark--anything you can do to give this guy a sense of what life is like at = DOE would be great.  I'm not sure how seriously Dave is being considered fo= r the DOE Dep. GC spot, but I know that Fred Fielding and Dick Wiley have d= one some pushing on his behalf.  It may be that a call from you to someone = out there might put him over the hump.  I'll leave that for you and he to d= iscuss.  Thanks and good luck with your various adventures!  df 
 I would have jumped yesterday but couldn't figure out how to get my window open.  Since I'm on the 7th floor and the snowdrift goes up to the 4th, it wouldn't have done much good anyway.  Know of any good part time jobs--I need to supplement the ole' retirement plan!  df 
 pls print  thanks df 
 Barbara:  in case my voice mails didn't make sense, see the final section of Shelley's paper on valuation.  ETS is working through INGAA to push in a direction that is inconsistent with where Paul and Mark were hoping BLM will go.  DF 
 Pls route Mary Kay and I on the next draft of the policy.  Rod mentioned this morning that a new version would be coming out soon.  Thanks df 
 Pheasantsrus???  What a great email address!  I'll hang on to us in case ole' Jim sells us down the river for next year!  Talk to you.  df 
 Thanks Lynn!  I'm sure we'll see a lot more of each other!  df 
 Are we all on the same page that this is OK?  Is MKM's group good on it?  (I didn't see anyone from her group listed on the distribution). DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Sounds tempting, but I'm otherwise committed.  DF 
 Thanks to all of you for the kind words and very thoughtful flowers and wine!  We enjoyed both as we watched our 27th snowstorm of the year this weekend.  (Houston's looking better and better with each blizzard).  DF 
 I think it looks good.  df 
 could you please fill out all my junk on htis.  thankss df 
 THANKS!  I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO JUMP ME ON THE APRIL 1 DEAL BUT YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE SO FAR!!!!!  ITS NOT LIKE PEOPLE TO PASS UP A FREE SHOT AT A LAWYER!  DF 
 Thanks for the very kind voice mail, Joe!  Sandra and I are really excited about the move and I'm sure the kids will be eager for another visit!  See you soon.  df 
 Thanks Craig!  I'll look forward to seeing your smilin' face more frequently!  [Actually that will be tough since I currently see it at least twice a day on a life size billboard in the Omaha office lobby!!]  df 
 remind me to call Mike and see if I need to be at thsi.  I don't think so but I'll let him make the call.  df 
 A couple of additional thoughts on this morning's conversation:=20 =20 1.  if we really think the next 6 or 8 months will sort out the takeaway an= d receipt point capacity issues, why not bet the whole farm and try to hold= onto the whole 150 mm/d until next winter or fall and see if the perceived= value goes up?  We could tell Calpine "no" on their bid and hold them off = for several months "negotiating" if that's what we thought would lead to th= e best value.  I don't personally think this would be a prudent approach, b= ut its where our logic leads in the extreme, so we'd better be prepared to = explain why getting the bird in the hand from Calpine is smart. =20  2.  We'll research the question of whether we can reject any recourse bids = that come in over the next 6-8 months if we decide to hold onto the 60 mm/d= for awhile.  I've thought about it a bit more and I'm pretty sure you're n= ot going to like the answer.  First, FERC says we've got to have a recourse= rate in place for all capacity, new or old.  One reason is that there need= s to be a max rate that applies to long term capacity releases.  We have th= e option on new projects to go with the existing max tariff rate or a new i= ncrementally designed rate.  We are going with the existing tariff rate on = RedRock.  Fine, but that makes the existing rate the recourse rate for all = purposes.  FERC's logic will be that TW could sell all of the RedRock capac= ity at recourse rates (currently $.38) and never suffer a revenue shortfall= even if future rate cases reduce TW's overall rates, because the costs of = all TW's facilities--including the new project--will be considered in the n= ext rate case.  Think about it--our rates will only go down in the future i= f the ENTIRE cost of service goes down.  We'd never "lose money" on RedRock= , but we might not make as much as we could have made with an 15 year fixed= $.38 negotiated rate.  There is another  approach.  We could have Mavrix submit a binding bid righ= t now for the 60 mm/d and just flat out sell it to them.  That would send a= pretty strong signal to the market that we are serious about deadlines.  T= he downside of that aggressive approach is that it would get us into the sa= me mess that El Paso finally got themselves out of, with Amoco, Dynegy and = the whole gang beating the crap out of us.  I'm not to fired up about this = approach for that reason.  I'll give you a call Monday after I've picked ou= r best regulatory brains on these issues.  DF 
 Well, I've gotten myself into a fine kettle of fish.  Got any advice on how to handle the new job?  (or is this like asking the one legged man how to avoid land mines?) 
 Here it is.  The format's a little screwed up, but what do you expect from me? 
 The last couple of meetings with Elaine have been full of surprises for all of us!  DF 
 Thanks Jeff!  One big benefit is that I'll be down here so I can keep a closer eye on you guys!  df 
 pls print.  thanks. 
 pls print.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 no--I dont' get these so thanks for inviting me!  this one does sound good but unfortunately I'll be on my way to DC for the sla mtg.  thanks df 
 Thanks Bob--and you're right about winter!  df 
 pls print for me.  thanks  df =20 
 Thanks man!  Just for old time's sake, I'll drop by Pacific Springs and bounce a few off the ole' shack this summer! 
 Thanks!  DF 
 Thanks!  I'll keep the Nebraska plates for about a year just like you kept your Texas plates after you moved up north! 
 Per my voice mail yesterday--I'm getting more curious about what's going on with every garbled answer I get.  DF 
 Thanks LD!  I'm sure I'll be spending a bunch of time in both places!  DF 
 Thanks!  We are looking forward to it in a big way--mostly because its still winter up in the big O!  df 
 Sandra--nice of them!   df 
 Thanks Dana!  Maybe we'll be neighbors! df 
 Thanks Jim!  I'm looking forward to the challenge!  df 
 Thanks Mike!  I'll miss it but I suspect I'll get back a lot to bother you guys!  df 
 Thanks Sharon!  df 
 Thanks Steve!  df 
 Thanks Dan!  df 
 Thanks!  I wouldn't miss it, even if I have to make it out of Texas armadillo!  df 
 Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF 
 Thanks Bill!  As to replacing myself, this is a great opportunity to get someone in that spot that actually knows something!  If you have any ideas on people I should talk to please give me a call.  DF 
 Shit--I knew I forgot something!  My boss leaves for good on April one, so I'll be spending 3 or so days a wk in Hou starting now.  I'll be the VP and General Counsel of Enron Transportation Services, which is the division that runs all the pipelines.  Yeeha.  I agree about getting together--when you coming down to visit the sister in law?  Maybe we can run up to MPLS for a boondoggle.  Also, I'll be in DC the 22d and 23d of March--where are you?  DF 
 I got the call today.  Got the job.  I feel like the dog that caught the car--enjoyed the chase but don't know quite what to do with the car.  DF 
 Thanks!  I agree-lets stay offline on possible deals.  DF 
 Approved.  DF 
 Man, I did sound a little testy--due to my own inability to remember which one of those stupid FERC acronyms is which.  df 
 Update on ski conditions on the western front--doesn't sound bad at all!  Glad you're coming up man!  DF 
 Pls get on cips rims or whatever the hell it is and get Kern's max tariff rate for FT.  I'm getting convinced that the Kern neg. rate deal will feature prominantly in our defense.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  df 
 Thanks.  DF 
 I'll be unavailable--sorry.  DF 
 Acapulco.  You guys are weak.  I take my wife to South Dakota for vacation and you losers boondoggle in sunny Mexico.  I guess its necessary since you will have snow on the ground until June!  Yours in jealousy, DF 
 do we have a date for interviewing Tim Mccarty yet?  Did I send him a letter?  df 
 Approved.  DF 
 Julia and Steve--here are some questions I've sent to Darrell on the TW Cal. border line pack sales.  I'd like him to pull in the right people to get me the answers so we will be prepared if we need to explain these events.  Darrell--I thought I'd better let your bosses know that I've been putting more stuff on your already full plate.  Thanks all.  DF 
 I haven't seen a contract yet on the original 33,000 on TW but Susan thought the deal was going to be done--she's checking to see where the holdup is.  On the El Paso capacity, Mavrix never submitted a bid.  I think the deadline got past us before we were ready.  df 
 In anticipation of potential litigation involving TW's operational activities, please prepare an analysis for me of the reasons for TW's sale of excess natural gas at the California border.  I am aware of several of these sales and have been  informed that excess pressure at the border is the basic reason for them.  I'd like a more specific explanation that includes the following information: 1.  What are the specific pressures and volume considerations that could make it operationally necessary to sell gas at the California border? 2.  What is the process that is followed to make such a determination? 3.  Which individuals or groups are involved in determining whether an operational sale is necessary? 4.  In what way have system operations changed since last year and how do those changes contribute to the increased frequency of such sales compared to previous years? 5. What alternatives to operational sales are considered before the decision to make a sale is reached?  Thanks for your attention to this request.  Please give me a call to discuss and please designate your response as "Privileged and Confidential, Attorney Client Privileged." 
 Got plans for lunch on  Wed. sep. 27th?  I'll be down and eager to chat.  DF 
 Here's one for you to chew on for awhile.  As we approach the transition to a new organizational structure in ET&S, let's rethink the role and competencies of the legal department.  I'd like each of you to answer the following questions and circulate your answers to me and each other.  To avoid having anyone's answers unduly influenced by anyone else's, please send your responses at 12 noon on Thursday.  No, this isn't being graded, and doesn't affect the PRC process or any other process.  I just want to get access to as much original thinking as possible.  1.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently best at?  (give one example).  2.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently worst at?  (give one example).  3.  Without regard for any past objectives, what should our top 3 objectives be?  (make these very specific--objectives like "We should manage legal and regulatory compliance and optimize shareholder value"  don't cut it).  Thanks for your responses.  DF 
 I heard there was an article in the WSJ a few days ago on Blockbuster and that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?  Thanks. dF 
 Dave, I've had a technical conference come up at FERC on the 20th in a matt= er=20 that I'm responsible for.  Bill strongly suggested that I go to DC.  Now, I= =20 may not be a rocket scientist, but I see pretty clearly the wisdom of=20 following Bill's advice.  I've let Mike Moran know and at Bill's suggestion= ,=20 asked him if he'd like a substitute to stand in for me (maybe Lou Soldano?)= . =20 Judging from the list of participants in this PRC, I assume I was partly an= =20 ET&S representative and partly a GPG law representative.   I note that ET&S= =20 is already pretty well represented with Neubauer,  Julia and Mike Nelson. = =20 Without me, there is noone from law, but our people have already been PRC'd= =20 anyway.  I'll leave it to you and Mike to decide if my spot needs to be=20 filled with someone from GPG law.  Sorry about this--just one more bit of= =20 evidence that I "have issues."  DF 
 Jean, I'm on the road in Houston and can't get into PEP.  It doesn't show up as an icon on the laptop when I get online throught the dial up program. Please let me know how to get into it as I've got about a hundred reviews to do and I'll be on the road constantly for a couple weeks.  Thanks. dF 
 I believe Allday is being deposed in Austin, which is still the capital of Texas, not the United States (although I understand that our next president is thinking about changing that!)  DF 
 I am advised that some of you have not exhibited the requisite amount of "pep."  For lawyers and paralegals, you need to pick your reviewers online if you haven't already done so.  5 or 6 would be sufficient althought the computer lets you pick up to 10.  For those of you who picked more than 5 or 6 I have reduced that number, based on my thoughts about which of your chosen reviewers have had the most direct contact with you and are most likely to give a thorough review.  Let me know if you think I really blew it.  For secretaries, the online stuff is optional.  If you don't use it, I will solicit input from the people you work with like I have in the past and consolidate it with my own comments on one form.   Thanks.  DF 
 Please join me in congratulating our colleagues on their promotions.  Dari Dornan, Maria Pavlou and Jim Talcott have been promoted to Senior Counsel III, effective June 1.  Additionally, Kathy Ringblom has been promoted to Senior Legal Assistant, also effective June 1.  Congratulations, Dari, Maria, Jim and Kathy and thank you for your motivation, enthusiasm, and consistently high quality work!  DF 
 Please send it to me--I'm not sure its a good fit in our dept., but I'll discuss with our group.  Thanks. DF 
 Are you on of this?  DF 
 I don't think I have this information.  Do you?  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
 Per our discussion at lunch, excellent memo.  I don't know if it will make= =20 John and Rockey feel any better, but the emphasis on results is exactly the= =20 right message. =20 
 As I mentioned in my voice mail, please check up on the signing bonus we agreed to pay Tony Pryor.  He didn't get it and we need to get that fixed asap.  I'll be at 37555 tomorrow and back in Omaha Monday.  If you learn something tomorrow and can't get ahold of me, please leave me a voice mail. Thanks.  DF 
 This list looks much better than the other one.  Please make sure that we are clear with the FERC people that this is a list of AA projects related to CWIP and not a list of everything under the sun that AA does for us.  I want to avoid any appearance that we misled the FERC people.  Thanks. DF 
 Lets talk about this--you or I probably have the most to add in a group like this, but Lee may be the right choice because she is in Houston.  Thanks.  DF 
 Can anyone remember if they worked on this last year?  I only remember that I didn't know what it was then and I still don't know what it is.   Thanks.  DF 
 Maria informed me that you left your shootin' irons in Texas when you moved up here.  What were you thinking?  I'm organizing a pheasant hunting trip in late October out in Western S. D.  Probably leave here Friday , Oct 27 and return Sun PM.  Any interest?  DF 
 pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed one to Dave Neubauer and me.,  Thanks DF 
 I haven't seen one in a while--please send me the current one.  We are so rarely on duty up here in Omaha that it isn't really worth doing for us!  DF   Peggy Phillips   09/18/2000 12:52 PM 
 Hey--how the hell are you?  Still having fun and living large in the big apple?  Things are great on the prarie--Huskers are No. 1 in the nation (I'm actually talking about college womens volleyball since I refuse to watch professional Husker football) and wife and small chicks are doing great.  As to SD firm, I've almost hired Lynn Jackson Schultz and LeBrun a couple of times and then ended up not needing them.  I think its the biggest firm in SD (big whoop)  and is pretty well thought of.  I went to college with a partner in their Sioux Falls office named Jon Sogn.  He's a commercial litigator and a pretty good guy.  Good luck and hope all goes well.  DF 
 pls remind me of this.  thanks df 
 Approved.  DF 
 Here is Dave's OBA calculation exhibit.  Please call to discuss at your convenience.  DF 
 Give me a call at your convenience and I'll give you a data dump.  DF 
 take a look and we'll send it to Greg.  DF 
 I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.  Thanks DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Here is my suggested mark up (in bold) of Greg's paragraph.  I haven't sent it to him yet.  My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.  Dari, please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting Par. 7.   It is in the standard form OBA, but it is inconsistent with the new letter agreement.   DF 
 Great--am forwarding to Dave for his thoughts.  I'll talk to you when I get back. Marhta--pls print.  DF 
 Shoot, I'll be on my way to KC for KS Ad valorem.  Tony--pls cover for us. Thanks DF 
 I noted in the Finance and Accounting report that you guys are setting up a meeting with AA to talk about the draft risk management document that folks had been working on a year ago.  Please include Tony and I.   We had some questions and concerns that I have long since forgotten but will renew and talk to you about before the AA meeting.  Thanks. DF 
 Bummer--it would have been a hoot.  Drinking and guns go together like ham and eggs.  I'm in a meeting from 8:15 til 9 but then free for awhile--give me a buzz whenever its convenient. DF 
 Lou's right, I probably won't be able to help answer any questions, but I am happy to offer my insights on how to cut his budget.   DF 
 P.s., thanks for the offer on the duck lease--I may want to join you sometime!  DF 
 I'm inclined to agree that its not worth responding to.  They also argued that imbalances should not be dollar valued before netting and trading are available, but that strikes me as an industry wid e policy issue and not a TW specific issue.  Any other thoughts?  DF 
 Great--Texans know the difference between a dog and a bird.  Still unclear whether they recognize the distinction between a hen and a hun!!!  (Read John's email more carefully!)  Of course, at Pheasant Haven you can shoot both (and probably the dogs too) so the difference doesn't matter.  Kevin, I've been thinking about your original reqeust and may need to exercise the Legal Dept. veto.  These customers of yours are the same ones that can't drive a jet ski without paramedics around, right?  And now you want them wandering around Nebraska heavily armed???  What the hell are you thinking? DF 
 Awesome!  Tell Brother Dick that we're thinking about the camping deal--he's macho enough to groove on that.  Bummer about your dog rule--I was looking forward to sneezing all night.  DF 
 Damn.  I'm still in third place.  DF 
 You apparently didn't get this because my computer refuses to recognize your correct address.  Maybe this will work--I figured you'd want an opportunity to rebut.  Frank responded (through Deb Cappielo--he didn't have the guts to call himself) that he actually held the Gen. Couns. and Marketing VP jobs simultaneously for 3 months so I'm still way short of matching his record.DF 
 Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a glowing report on the situation.  His opening day group is down to 6 guys so he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot at the rest.  He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out to fast and getting mad.    I assured him that the way we all shoot that wouldn't be a problem. When:  Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29. Where:  Kenebec S.D.  (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from Omaha) $$:   $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.   If we dwindle to less than 8, its $100 per guy.  (he will cut us some slack on this if some of you can only hunt 2 days.) Fish:  Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included Lodging :  Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.  Super 8 is a lovely place:  motto is "Labs sleep free."  $100 per night, 4 guys per room+ $25/head/night.  So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.   I'd like to get 10 locked in solid by end of Sept.  More than that would make the hunting a little clumsy.  Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due around this time.  What a lame excuse!!  You were there for the first 4, right? Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?  If you guys have anyone else that's interested other than the folks that have already been invited, let me know as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have around 10. Talk to you.  DF 
 Good question.  I think John is the designated hen shooter on the Omaha marketing team.  John, do we even allow TW people to use Pheasant Haven?  DF 
 Great!  L.D. is sending around a new slightly modified term sheet--lets talk tomorrow.  I want to get Lee into this also.  Thanks.  DF 
 I don't know what she is even talking about.  Why does MKM have someone "coordinating" the migration to Windows 2000?  Doesn't the IT dept. do that, or has MKM taken over the IT dept?  What "issues" could we possibly have???? Even if we had issues (which I most certainly do not, in spite of what everyone says) how could we possibly get the IT juggernaut to pay attention? We are all helpless to stop it in spite of our puny efforts to "coordinate" or "raise issues".    DF 
 Thanks.  Unfortunately, I think the answers are yes and yes. 
 Jeff and Jeff--Pls keep me and Kathy Ringblom posted on whatever you find. Thanks. DF 
 A team of folks including Dari, Glen Hass, Don Vignaroli, etc have beaten these issues to death--we have a very detailed set of materials summarizing the findings of the group.  Bob Burleson should know that, as I think he was at the meeting when we went over this stuff.  Viggy, did we get the info from our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)  If not, we ought to send it to them and ask them to call for follow up.  DF 
 Does this fit our understanding of the policies?  DF 
 Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to. Thanks  DF 
 Love to.  I'll probably be down in Houston next week--most likely thur-fri. I'll call you when I know fer shure.  Pheasant gig is around Oct 27-30 or so.  More detail to follow.  DF 
 Yuck.  I am eager to discuss this with you both.  DF 
 We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any "document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF 
 Give em hell in the deposition my friend!  If you get the chance, ask them how much of that $400 mm they set aside for you!   Hey, we need to talk about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct. Interested?  DF 
 Looks good to me--and I agree that we ought to use if for internal purposes only.  If people at the customer meeting want more detail than you guys are able to provide orally, we could consider adding detail to the FERC filing or even sending them some additional explanation that we may or may not decide to file with FERC.  Good luck today!  DF 
 In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O. DF 
 pls print asap.  df 
 I called Tino today to let him know that our affiliates are sniffing around a power plant opportunity and potential gas bypass pipeline in Albuquerque. Kevin, you should be getting a call from a guy in Portland whose name I can't seem to find right now.  He had gotten my name from Thome out there and called to let me know that ENA is interested in pitching either PNM or some outfit called "Delta" on development or expansion of a gas-fired power plant in the south part of Albuquerque.  It didn't sound to me like ENA was very far along in their deal.  I explained to this guy what we were involved in and swore him to confidentiality.  I also told him he need to call either Kevin or Steve before he talked to PNM.  I thought it was a little curious that ENA is interested in generation in Alb. all of a sudden.  On the Tino front, he apologized for not calling after their big DOE meeting.  He said it went very well and that DOE is considering their offer--$.085/Kwh power less revenue sharing for all surplus power sold.  Tino and Dennis offered DOE 70% of the $$ from the surplus power sales until a certain target is hit (probably a target equivalent to DOE's current PNM rate less 10%) and then 30% of any additional $$.   Tino and Dennis really blew some smoke by showing the DOE guys this summer's Four Corners spot prices (generally in the $200-400/mwh range) and doing the math for them. On that basis, the net delivered power cost after rebate comes pretty close to zero. Even using a more reasonable sampling of Four Corners prices, the DOE price is apparently better than their current PNM price.  The big issue is whether DOE can figure out how to keep the rebate $$ at Sandia, rather than lose the $$ to treasury.   Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can to help.  Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn't get my computer to recognize his name.  Please call if you have any questions.  DF 
 Congratulations on the move!  Its great to see a reorg that actually seems to make so much sense!  Thanks again to you and Terry for watching the three stooges on Saturday night.  It was great seeing you guys again and getting the kids a chance to play for a while.  We'd love to return the favor next time you come up to Omaha--the weather is getting real nice right about now!!  DF 
 I'm OK with this agreement.  Christine, I appreciate your explanation of how we developed the rate.  Hopefully, once FERC approves our purchase and sale of options, we can price them as a stand alone service.  For now, including the optionality as a bundled component of the total discounted rate--as we did here--is appropriate. 
 pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.  thanks df 
 Interesting.  I remember vaguely that we had some concern with how VAR was calculated.  I recall that Dave Neubauer didn't think that we were doing it right for TW.  Do you remember this issue?  If so, does this change address the same issue?  Also, I'll line up a meeting today or tomorrow on  the TW options filing in general, and we can discuss the customer meeting and also touch on this internal controls issue.  Thanks  DF 
 Don't think so--where was he before his current job?  DF 
 I think we are pretty well covered on this issue--thanks for checking!  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Leslie, I'll follow up with Mike McGowan.  Is there an invoice or something floating around that you are aware of?  Shall we just send to you Tom and have you get it to the right place?  I'm not sure anyone has been hired yet to fill Tim's position, but I know that is in progress.  Mike--please give me a call re: this.  Thanks. DF 
 Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?  Please get me up to speed. Thanks DF 
 Tony, I agree it look s fine.  I've talked briefly with Glen and emailed my thoughts to them, but haven't had a chance to walk Glen and MKM through what we discussed yesterday.  DF 
 Give me a call when you get the chance to look at this and I'll update you on the discussion we had yesterday on automating the request for service process.  Shelley, Tony and myself got comfortable that with a few changes to the verbiage a customer sees before he clicks on a parcel of capacity, and with a couple of minor limitations on the capacity we sell (i.e., no Subpart B-restricted 311 capacity parcels) Northern will be able to treat a customer's click on a parcel of capacity as submission of a request for service. 
 Should we respond to PNM's protest of the dollar valuation of imbalances prior to netting and trading?  Did we already respond to this issue when they filed their protest of the 637 filing?  DF 
 Count me in!  DF 
 Oh oh.  Time for another nomination? 
 I suspect this didn't get to you as I originally used your MSN address.  DF 
 Attached is my redline of your Sat. draft.  In addition to the revisions in the doc, I have a few questions and concerns: 1.  On the segmenting section, I think it is a fine legal argument, but it lacks something.  What is our "or else" position?  Does the Global Settlement give us any FERC-out rights or colorable argument that the entire deal should be unwound if FERC screws up the segmenting issue?  I'm not suggesting that we should trigger a FERC out if we have one, but if we arguably do, we should consider threatening to use it.  I'm afraid we come across as whiny and FERC's position will likely be "so what, what are you going to do about it?" If we have no arguable "FERC-out" and the only  "or else" we have is that we'll take them to Court and force them to adhere to the original deal, I'm for leaving the draft as-is.  We can make our appeal threat more direct on rehearing if they hose us in the initial order. 2.  On the arbitrage argument, I've taken out any reference to an example and softened the verbiage a bit.  I want to leave in the references to the arbitrage issue, however, because FERC understands the problem and believes it is widespread.  We don't need to prove exactly how big a problem it is on our system (although it would have been very effective if we had clear facts). 3.  Do any of the OBA changes arguably conflict with the Global Settlement? If so, we'd  better be prepared to eat our words from the segmenting section.  Covering ourselves in the sanctity of that Settlement in section 1 and then fiddling around with it in section 2 won't play well.  It is my understanding that the OBA system on TW was not part of the turnback resolution deal so I hope this won't be a problem. 4.  On FN 20, I'd suggest we use Vig's data and chart for May of 2000.  The arb opportunity is huge and clear.  We reference in the FN that we use all six of the Gas Daily price points, and I think Vig used just 3.  What's the right answer?  Good work everyone--please give it one more careful look on Monday AM and it should be good to go.  DF 
 Please take a look at Vig's effort to detect price arbitrage behavior on TW using the same method that Steve Kirk used on Northern.  You'll recall that Steve's chart on Northern showed an very close correlation between the calculated arb opportunity and the direction and size of the aggregate customer imbalances, by month.  Proving once again that TW is just a little different, that method shows no correlation at all on TW.  I agree with Vig's conclusion that we should not use this data in the 637 filing.  I tried one alternative reading of the data to see if I could find a correlation.  Steve's method evenly weights the value of arb opportunities that occur early and late in a month.  Please tell me if you agree, marketing folks, but I think a more logical approach would risk-weight the apparent arb opportunites.  In other words, an apparent opportunity to short TW and sell the gas for a $.25/mmbtu profit on the 5th of a month is unlikely to generate arb behavior because a trader has no idea on the 5th what the cash out index will be at the end of the month.  In contrast, an opportunity to make $.25 on the 25th of a month, when a trader can calculate pretty closely what the monthly index will be, is basically free money.  Using that logic, I ignored any apparent arb opportunites in the first half of the month.   I eyeballed the timing and size of the arb opportunites (i.e., there's a $.70-.90 arb opportunity to short TW from the 23d to the end of May, 2000) rather than using Steve's mathematical approach.   I still didn't see the kind of correlation I'd expect.  The correlation is directionally positive in only 4 out of 12 months, and the size of the imbalances doesn't even make sense in the months that correlate on direction.  I give up, and am removing the arb argument from the daily imbalance section of the draft.  I'll route that separately.  Thanks to Vig, Susan, Lorraine and Richard for hustling on this analysis. "Its better to try [to find a correlation] and fail than never to try at all. . .." 
 please print.  thanks df 
 Looks good--one typo in bullet 4, I think "not addressing" should be "nor addressing."   Please bcc me and Mike on the final version.  Thanks df 
 pls print and put both mtgs on my sch.  thanks df 
 Ugh.  We are in for a battle.  Some of this may be OK, but I detect an underlying philosophy that pipelines should simply not be allowed into markets that unregulated players (using the gray market or financial products) currently have monopoly control over.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri.  Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit him on the way home.  thanks df 
 pls print for my mtg tomorrow.  thanks df 
 Excellent.  DF 
 Bueno.  DF 
 Any news on looking at the NiSource storage stuff?  Have we gotten the packet from Chase or whichever investment banker guys you talked to?  I heard again from a non-Enron source that "Enron is looking at the MHP assets" so it must be true!  Thanks.   DF 
 I'm on vacation and unreachable the 21st through the 23d, but will be in Houston on the 24th--10:00 would work fine.  If you've got Lou and Mike, you may not need me as they are the GPG Law designated spokesmodels on 2001 plan issues.  DF 
 Not that I know of.   DF 
 In case you haven't done it already, please cross out the note on your calendar that today is the day the Conoco trial starts!  What better day to announce a celebration of the settlement, since without it many of us would be sitting in a courtroom in Midland wondering whether the trial would last 3 weeks or 30.   With that image firmly in mind, please plan on joining us for a celebratory dinner on Thursday, August 17th at 6:00 at Brennan's.  Again, thanks for all of your  efforts on this case, and I hope to see you on the 17th!  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Oh, how about sending one to Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns and ask Britt Davis if he wants one.  Thanks DF 
 No--that ought to do it.  DF 
 I'm booked from 10-11, 11:45-1:30 and 2-3.  I can stay after school if necessary.  DF 
 Drew and Sandra Fossum 6068 Country Club Oaks Pl. Omaha, NE  68152 
 I'm OK with it, thanks to some coaching from Jeff.  I would suggest that our marketers specifically mention to all interested bidders (especially Texaco) that the lottery tiebreaker is clearly identified in the posting and if they want to be there to witness it they better call us because we don't send out engraved invitations.  Good luck.  DF 
 Oh, wait a minute--I was thinking current prices, not April-Oct. prices.  Is the basis  for that 7 month period below max rates? 
 Am I the only one having a deja vu experience?  I know you can't believe what you read, but the trade press makes it sound like capacity to California is worth about a zillion bucks--are we sure we want to do this???? DF 
 I think you said you have this covered, but just in case, here is the latest.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last meeting.  I'm not sure we create a separate set of goals and objectives for each operating company, although Bill's ET&S goals and objectives obviously cover both.  I want to see if we need to create some kind of new document or whether we can use something off the shelf.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm ok with the change.  Just curious, but Courtney doesn't get any  time value of money recognition on his prepayment?  Also, the prepayment gives us a cash, but not earnings, benefit, right?  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print--I'll look at it in the am (maybe!) DF 
 Speak of the devil.  Tino called, all full of optimism and questions.  They have pitched the DOE a deal in which Dennis builds three 50 Mw turbines on the Isleta, and a 7 mile power line to DOE's distribution lines.  The project will apparently be 100%debt financed, with DOE agreeing to pay a firm demand charge rate of between 8 and 9 cents/kwh.  That rate is supposedly high enough to service the debt on a 10 year amort. basis (remember, DOE can only sign 10 year contracts).  DOE is interested, says Tino, because of the redundant, dedicated facilities and enhanced reliability, and because Dennis and Tino pitched DOE on all the $$$$ DOE will make from the surplus power sales.  Dennis apparently pitched them a "share the upside" deal under which DOE keeps most of the revenue from surplus sales.  Tino showed DOE the July spot prices at 4 Corners, which Tino said included many days over $200/Mwh and they got all excited.  DOE has done a similar share the upside deal at one of its facilities in Calif. Tino says and they have occasionally come out net positive on elec. costs in some months so they like the approach.  Tino had two questions: 1.  Does TW have 30-40,000/d of permian capacity available starting sometime in 2001 or 2002?  (I realize we have probably answered this question about 5 times, but lets do it again for him). 2.  Is there someone at ENA Tino can talk to about a getting a quote for long term and/or short term power purchase prices for Four Corners delivery?   If he can get something the DOE thinks is a good price, they m ay just sell all the surplus power forward.  If not, they'll just hang on to it and sell it into the cash market in monthly and daily deals.  Thanks.  DF 
 Yes.  Sorry I forgot to cc you.  If it got lost in the process, have them send it again, or forward this email to payables as my approval.  thanks df 
 Here is the draft letter agreement.  We are still discussing it with ECS and can make whatever changes are appropriate.  Note that the letter agreement ties back to Article 6 of the Compression Services Agreement.  That article, you may recall, is where ECS agreed to create a computerized system that would monitor Continental Divide's electric system utilization and warn when their system peaks were occurring and then automatically take the compressor offline (subject to manual override) so we and ECS could avoid peak period demand charges.  Instead of creating such a system, which apparently turned out to be mostly a manual system anyway, ECS is going to pay us a monthly fee to monitor CD's system peaks ourselves and decide when we need to get off line.  The load management service has to do with operational management of the load we place on CD's electric system, and is not a jurisdictional gas transportation or storage service.  Note that the service goes on for 10 years (as required by the accountants' 10 year amortization rule) and thus may be vulnerable to scrutiny and potential revenue crediting in TW's 2007 rate case.  Any way to avoid that?  DF 
 That, my man, is the $64 question.  Kim and Rockie are nailing this down first thing monday AM.  The result of our conversation on Friday with Conoco was that if we own it, they want it, and if we don't own it, we'd better not convey it to them.  Clever devils, they are forcing us to determine exactly what it is that we own!  Talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 I didn't know you guys were both in the Moscow office now!  That's a pretty soviet system your network narcs have rigged up.  We ought to get a copy of it--it would keep Enerson and I from wasting 20 hours a week dealing with amusing videos.  Anyway, the vid you have been denied access to is not as interesting as you probably hoped--its the cartoon game of the guys sitting around at a meeting at which you can make them do things by clicking on icons--like click the cell phone and one guy calls the other one and yells "Whaaaassssupppp!"  Its actually pretty amusing, unless you work at a third reich law firm (actually some guy at some other third reich law firm sent it to me, come to think of it!  I'll stick to emails with a "business purpose" so that I don't inadvertently interfere with "firm related business" (like name changes, etc.).  AMFDJF 
 Does anyone find it interesting that we've heard nothing but silence from Dennis and Tino?  I suspect that their big meeting with DOE on the 25th didn't go so well.  If you hear anything let me know, otherwise I'll try to get ahold of Tino sometime next week to find out what DOE said.  DF 
 Whaaasssssuuup.  Sack--you need to update me on where the hell you are these days.  Flying jets in Denver?  Chicago?  Where?  Reed, you need to check your emails more than once every 6 months.  Huet, I'll call you on the apple data tonight or tomorrow.   Loon, since I sent you a cool email, you need to invite me to at least one boondoggle on Wednesday (Dougie is going to the Fascist convention in Philadelphia all next week to schmooze).  Carmany, you are just weak--you need a wife and about 7 kids to throttle your lifestyle back a bit.  Egg and Kate--I have nothing mean to say to you just now, but I'll work on it.  DF 
 The tie in line that TW built is not part of the deal.  We are modifying the agreements to make that totally clear and I believe Rockey is going to talk to Mary Ann Pearce to make sure there is no misunderstanding.  DF 
 Please take a look at this and give me a call.  I didn't know we were expecting any agreement from ECS.  DF 
 Rock on.  DF 
 I'm not sure I understand MKM's comment.  We've all approved this deal so its not urgent, but lets talk about it in our meeting today.  df 
 lets talk re: this.  I'm troubled.  df 
 I'll be in South Dakota from the 28th of December through the 3d of January. While there, I can be reached via my voice mail, which I will check daily, or through my cell phone at 402-630-8461.  At all other times, I will be Omaha and reachable at my office number, cell phone or home number of 402-572-8595.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I'm about a 30.  DF 
 No, we are paying them $3 mm in addition to handing them the Hobbs line and giving them the option on the Eldo-Spraberry line.  I haven't really thought about it, but I guess the transfer price for the Hobbs line should be some nominal amount--$10 or something.  I'll give you and Louie a call in a bit to discuss.  Thanks.  DF 
 I just talked to Cynthia Sandherr about this and she was partly up to speed. They have been fighting with the CFTC to keep it from extending its jurisdiction to Enron Online and to all the financial products Enron sells. We apparently have a bill pending to lock the CFTC in and keep it from going after energy-related financial products.  Cynthia was not aware of any potential collaboration between CFTC and FERC designed to push FERC into the role of regulator of these markets (with CFTC pulling the strings behind the scenes).  Cynthia was cranky about this possibility and will follow up. DF 
 He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past. (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
 Great summary.  Sounds like we have plenty to do.  Susan, lets talk Monday and coordinate the law/regulatory stuff.  Gracias.  DF 
 Please get this to Tino.  I don't know what went wrong but the email didn't go throught.  Thanks. DF 
 Come out with a whole bunch of cool new machines and your stock gets whacked.  What a weird deal that is.  Anyway, when do you think the new IMacs will be out in stores?  I still havent' got around to buying Sandra her IMac and now she thinks she wants the IMac notebook so its a good thing I didn't do this last month.  Do you concur that the new ones are worth the wait or should we pick up an old one on mega sale once stores start clearing the old ones out?  DF 
 No wonder you are oblivious to our meager organizational changes up in Omaha!  You are out doing zillion dollar deals for EBS!!! Congratulations--sounds like a very cool deal!  Lets get together soon down in Houston and debrief--that is if rock star Frank can take time away from the 50th floor crowd to hang with mere mortals!  DF 
 Tino, attached is a spreadsheet with the info I think you need.  I got the publication wrong--its "Megawatt Daily" that posts daily prices.  Hope this is helpful.  DF  Drew,  Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery points January 1, 1999 through April 30, 2000:  Four Corners Palo Verde Mead Nevada Southwest Power Pool  Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 2000 to present information.  I just have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will get the next disk.  They'll send me the data if we need it.  Lorna 
 Thanks for the outstanding and fast service!  DF 
 A $14 IT deal?  The $14 deal was a sale of operational gas, right?  DF 
 You guys should enjoy this--especially the last one.   Reed, you never called back you wimpy Pantani butt pirate.  I've got a big case settling and am more likely going to have a shot at blasting out for a couple days of fishing. Let me know whether fishing is worth a shit out there.  DF 
 Thanks for the update--Other than the Gallagher Boland $$$ I can't think of anything that we might be squirreling away and capitalizing.  (Grynberg $$ go to a work order also, but are expensed, right?).  Also, I absolutely trust you, but in the Ronald Reagan sense:  "Trust, but verify."  Adios.  DF 
 Leslie Lawner called and asked if TW could help with the funding of this organization.  As you will recall, the "NM First" group has taken positions on right of way issues that are consistent with TW/Enron's view on Indian right of way issues.  Leslie asked if we could kick in $1000.  I leave this to you guys to weigh in on--If you think it's worthwhile, let me know and one of us can get back to Leslie.  I'm happy to help out with the funding if you think it would be useful.  DF 
 I'd prefer that we give them a high level bullet point type summary rather than a draft of the filing itself.  DF 
 -FYI--this is the kind of significant organizational change that in the old days would have spurred us to dash over to Happy Hollow and drink a bunch of beer and pretend to play golf.  Had you guys heard anything about this??? I'd appreciate your thoughts.  DF 
 FYI.  I met Dan yesterday for the first time--seem like a very good guy.  DF 
 FYI.  Interesting, and no significant deviations from what we discussed.  Dan was up here yesterday with Stan.  He seems like a good guy and is pretty gung ho about getting on board.  Lets keep in touch.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Thanks Susan--I agree with your analysis of the tying issue.  It ain't tying if we aren't restricting access to the service--we are just offering selective discounts.  Christine--I'm OK with it.  Thanks. DF 
 pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df 
 Looks OK to me, subject to approval from MKM's group.  Should we also solicit turnback in the East of Thoreau area in addition to soliciting it from Cal. border to Thoreau?  Is it our theory that since Thor.-Cal is the constrained segment, thats the only area we need to solicit turnback on?  DF 
 can you get this to do what it is supposed to?  I hope its not a porno picture.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks df 
 I'm up for Wed. pm assuming a flight from denver to dc is available . Martha--please check and make sure there is a late flight from denver to dc--leaving after 5 pm would be best.  pls coordinate with jeff.  thanks. 
 Great draft!  I had just a few comments and typos, set out in this redline. I'll be in to take a look at the tariff sheets a bit later this AM.  Thanks for the excellent work!   Martha, pls copy for Steve Stojic. 
 pls grab me when I come in and make me do this.  thanks df 
 Can't make it, unfortunately.  The agenda sounds great--I believe you have seen the latest draft of the proposed options filing for TW, so I have nothing else to add on that.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Thanks--excellent news.  DF 
 Sorry, I neglected to forward this to you earlier.   You've gotta give these guys credit for being tenacious!  I'll keep you posted on any meaningful developments after their meeting with DOE on the 25th.  Thanks for your patience.  DF 
 Thinking about bailing out of the big O for a couple of days w/o rugrats or Sandra. Taking Kari out of her native biome is more hassle than its worth these days.  Might just blow up for a long weekend and do some fishing and beer drinking.  Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I want to see if I can get it on Amazon.   AMFDJF 
 pls print.  df 
 Excellent!  This a great idea and perfect timing given the kind of things we have lately been getting more and more involved in.  I'll strongly encourage our guys to attend.  DF 
 pls print thanks df 
 Tino,  this was easier than I thought!  Just eyeballing the numbers, it looks like $2.00 may even be on the high side on a 24 month or 18 month average basis.   I wasn't sure which email to use so I used both.  Let me know how your meeting goes.  DF 
 Just got an update on the project that won't go away.  Dennis has a meeting lined up with DOE decisionmakers on the 25th.  He is going to pitch the project as an approximately 100 mw power plant, to be owned by (read "financed by") DOE, with the gas pipeline owned by Dennis and\or third parties (read "Enron"?).  Dennis has run economics that show the DOE will get a more than 10% cost savings on the project compared to current PNM rates, even assuming a fairly high gas transport cost because of the smaller gas load.  How did he do it?  Very easy:  they ran the power plant economics using about a $2.00 gas cost instead of current, real world prices.   Dennis' argument is going to be:  "I'll take the risk on building the pipeline and the power plant at a capped cost, and then sell the power plant to you." "You take the risk on gas cost:  if gas cost tracks the 18-24 month average, you will realize your 10% cost savings, but if current fuel costs continue or escalate, you lose."    Either way, your reliability improves and you kick PNM in the shins."  Dennis and Tino apparently think they can sell DOE on this.  By the way, their current story on Richardson is that he won't resign, and won't be forced out by the administration because that would create even more publicity.  You'll love this:  they think Richardson is even more likely to sign off on the deal now because his chances of being nominated for VP or cabinet are dead and he now has nothing to lose in DC.  They think his real angle is now to bring home the bacon to New Mexico and then run for governor out there!!  Apparently the rank and file out in the home state think he got hosed and made a scapegoat unfairly. I've asked  Lorna Brennan to pull some historical San Juan prices together to give to Tino to confirm whether his $2 price is wacky.  Other than that, I just told Tino that we are potentially interested in the pipeline part of the project if the risks and rewards make sense, and that EE&CC might be interested in the design/build on all of it.  He said he'd get back to me after the 25th meeting and tell me whether the project is undead.  DF 
 Cabo's--very hip if you like meat markets (which I do, of course).  I suspect that fish tacos are a  very popular dish in London--at least among the London surfer crowd.  You can reach me on the cell phone @402-630-8461--I'll leave it on all day.  So what brings both of you down to Houston?  Anything going on that I ought to know about?  DF 
 Thanks Leslie--I appreciate your efforts and being kept up to speed.  I'm forwarding this to some folks who are much closer to the Navajo ROW issues than I am.  Lou and Steve, please let Leslie and/or me know what direction TW prefers as well as any pitfalls to be wary of.   DF 
 I need to be in DC on Thursday next week, so any time in Denver that allows me to get to DC is ok.  DF 
 pls print up.  thanks df 
 Outstanding!  I'm in Houston on Thursday, flying to the big O on the 8:30 pm flight.  I'd love to get together for dinner around 5:00 or so if that works out for you guys.  Any chance of getting together with both of you?  DF 
 Here's a thought that didn't occur to me when I marked up the mock trial script.  Should we have the consultants prominantly feature "IPEC Busters"???  Unless we are pretty sure the judge will keep it out on relevance grounds, it might be useful to at least get some juror reactions to it.  With or without the specific IPEC Busters stuff, we probably ought to assume that Jad's theme will be that Northern's whole philosophy was to breach contracts without flinching if it served our commercial interests. The vitriol from P&P and the other producers plays into that theme.  Maybe we ought to spice that part of the script up a bit also just so we can see how our response plays.  DF 
 Great--we ought to be able to about close this effort out at this next meeting I hope.  DF 
 Pls get me a printout of this Mon. AM.  I couldn't open it.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with the new version.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print out.  thanks. df 
 Great--please send me the current draft on Thur. AM for me to take a look at.  Gracias!  DF 
 I guess this is good news unless they introduce the "next steps" section at the meeting with a slide that is titled "Step One:  Shutting Your Sorry-Ass Pipeline Down ONce and For All" .   Seriously, the agenda doesn't seem to have any flavor of escalation, which is great given the  lack of attractive alternatives for our team right now.  Talk to you about this tomorrow.  DF 
 Thanks Tony--we'll discuss on Wed or Thur.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 These guys don't give up.  I'll forward any information Tino gives me on their latest DOE strategy.  Rockey--do you have any interest in following up on Tino's Wichita project??  I don't know how far it is from any of our lines, but it may be worth a chat.  DF 
 Thanks for the update!  As for the margarita idea, I'm all over it!  Not just for breakfast anymore!!  DF 
 I had a problem approving one from home a couple weeks ago, but I think it works OK now.  May have been a bad phone line.  Thanks.  DF 
 fyi--please keep me from getting disbarred.  Df 
 I did.  Just got back.  Doctor says I'm just a whiner and I should go back to work.  DF 
 Thanks Bob.  I'm out sick today (my wife made me stay home until I quit griping about a sore throat I can't seem to shake), but I forwarded your voicemail on item 3 to Kent yesterday.  I'll forward this to him as a reminder.  ON the other two items, I'll send you separate emails on each.  DF 
 Britt- great memo.  I'm sure you guys are in the course of discussing these very issues, but here's my two cents worth. 1.  Once we decide on an optimal forum, the key step before filing a lawsuit is the assessment of our probability of success--for different reasons than is usually the case.  We need to weigh the chances of a favorable judgment against El Paso against the probability and extent of collateral damage to our defense (not just TW but all of GPG) in Quinque, et al. 2.  I like our case a lot based on what I've seen so far--if I've got it right, our claim is that El Paso breached the 1990 measurement agreement by not calibrating the meters as required and therefore by allowing the error to arise and remain uncorrected for so long.  Under the NM statute, we may get 6 years worth of recovery ( or more, I guess, if they did something to toll the SOL).  Under the Texas SOL, maybe less.  Do we have a good argument that the 1% standard in the measurement agreement and the 2% standard in El Paso's tariff do not absolve them of conversion or breach liability?  Seems to me that El Paso will argue that the FERC tariff preempts our contract rights--but I think the law is on our side there. 3.  The tricky issue then becomes whether our prosecution of the claim against El Paso plays into the hands of our adversaries on the Quinque mess. If so, how do we quantify that risk to allow a rational balancing of the pros and cons.  I'm glad smart guys like you two will have to do that thinking. As usual, I'll try to stay on the sidelines and nod intelligently when you make a recommendation.  DF  PS:  I'm ok with the outside counsel recommendation. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
 Good point on the timetable.  If we can get to the letter of intent stage Caithness soon after this meeting Jeff is setting up--by mid July maybe--what would a realistic timetable be?  It looks from the map like the ROW would be all along existing hiway--not virgin territory.  If this thing is a "lateral" not mainline, and if we can keep project cost below the 2001 prior approval blanket cost limit (whatever that is--around $21 million I think) can we build under the blanket???  Lets talk before the meeting in Houston so we can have a complete reaction for the Caithness guys on cost, timetable, etc.  DF 
 Here's the memo I mentioned.  Obviously, we have already used up all the good ideas and are down to the fall back plans.  DF 
 Excellent!  I hope Briden's project attracts fewer vultures than Dennis Langley's.  I need to go to Midland on the afternoon of the 12th, so could meet in Houston conveniently on the morning of the 12th or anytime 10 am or later on the 11th.  I could meet on the 10 th after 10, but less conveniently.  Just let Martha know what the plan is and she'll deploy me. Also,  when you say they want TW to "build, own and operate the plant" you mean the gas pipeline facilities, not the power plant, right?  Must be because $20 mil. would be a pretty cheap power plant.  Thats a pretty cheap pipeline also for the length--about 40 miles, right?  DF 
 I'd like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 13th.  Please get me a flight and hotel (I should arrive early PM on the 12 the and leave in the pm on the 13th.   Thanks.df 
 Lets talk today, susan.  I need to satisfy myself that this is really one of those "shit happens" situations like everyone seems to believe, rather than a situation where we may have a cause of action and some $$$ owed to us by someone.  DF 
 ok.  DF 
 sorry--left you out of the distrib.  df 
 A bit more detail in the bullets and a heads up call on this would have been a good idea.  DF 
 Steve filled in the detail for me on the LG&E issue mentioned in the Law bullets this morning.  A valve was left open between an LG&E facility and Northern for an approximate 3 month period (I'm not sure how recent).  LG&E's gas loss data indicates that the amount of gas that inadvertently got into Northern was approx. 180,000 MMBtu, with a value of about $500,000.   Rockey and Steve have talked to LG&E and it does not appear that we have any good arguments for avoiding the liability.  The unexpected (and unmetered) deliveries from LG&E presumably reduced our lost and unaccounted for balance during the referenced 3 month period.  Accordingly, I assume the cost of replacing that gas should be accounted for in Northern's PRA and so should not affect earnings.   I'm not sure what the timetable is for resolving this matter.  DF 
 Per our discussion, I've modified the letter to remove reference to the monthly pack agreement and made a couple of other minor changes.  I wasn't able to get ahold of Bill on Friday afternoon to discuss who will sign, so for now I've left it with signature blocks for Bill and Rod only.  I hope we are getting closer to the target here and look forward to discussing it with you further on Monday.  Thanks again for the illumination on AA's intent on the earlier draft.  DF 
 I love this--even more so because it is being circulated by one of our competitors.  DF 
 Hey--I thought this was pretty good!  Of course we at the evil empire are proud of being thought of as greedy overbearing SOBs!  DF 
 Nice to know how highly regarded we are in the industry.  DF 
 fyi.  this is fine with me--pls remind me.  df 
 I reviewed the latest draft of AA's management rep. letter and caught a few innaccuracies in the way AA described the deal.  I attach a revised draft of the letter, with a redline version to highlight for you the changes I think we need to make to keep it accurate.  First, AA only listed two of the four agreements that comprise the deal.  They apparently forgot that we had created a second SBA.  Additionally, at Transcanada's request, we put the transaction fee into a separate letter agreement this year.  You will recall that last year, Sempra wanted the transaction fee put right in the SBA.  Second, AA's bullet no. 4, as originally drafted, states that Northern does not intend to enter into an option to purchase any base gas during the term of the agreement.  That statement is confusing given that Article VI.B of the Monthly Pack Agreement includes an account balance cash out mechanism that is a form of purchase option.  That cash out mechanism was in Kent's bullets describing the deal and has been in every draft of the documents that AA looked at, so I assume they are OK with the mechanism and were just inartful in drafting bullet no. 4.   My simple fix was to leave AA's language alone but to add an "except for" reference at the beginning of bullet no. 4.  Third, AA's draft of bullet nos. 5 and 6 includes the somewhat ambiguous references to "other agreements" and "additional agreements" respectively. Since AA's list of the agreements in the intro paragraph was incomplete, these references in bullet nos. 5 and 6 were also innacurate.  Now that I have made the list of agreements in the intro paragraph complete, I've clarified the bullets by adding the "other than those agreements referenced above" language to both bullets.  The couple of other changes in bullet 5 simply clarify the meaning.  Finally, I've modified the signature blocks per conversation with Bill to delete MKM and myself.  I am certainly willing and able to sign this letter, but MKM is not up to speed on the deal and has not reviewed the agreements. Getting her up to speed enough to sign the letter would take some time. Additionally, Bill's thought was that MKM and I are his direct reports anyway, so it doesn't serve much purpose to have the subordinates sign if the top guy has signed.  Please give me a call if you have any questions or want to discuss these matters. 
 pls get on my sch.  thanks df 
 I'm expecting a nastygram from Harris ragging on me for dishing out credit for his idea, but haven't seen anything yet!  DF 
 Yeah--EMC is the best investment I ever made--I only wish I had put in 100000k instead of 1k.  Check this email out--one of our guys got it from someone at one of our competitors.  Enron is known as the "evil empire" in the energy bidness.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 This is horrible.  In all my years in DC I don't remember any administration official (let alone a cabinet member) getting trashed this badly except maybe Ollie North during Iran Contra.  Tino, lets add this to the list of issues we need to jointly think through.  DF 
 Great--Steve, what's your phone no. ?  The operator didn't have it and I'd like to talk for a few minutes on this.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print up on letterhead and format correctly for me to send out.  thanks. df 
 It's against my nature, but I'm getting pretty close to giving up.  Attached is a draft letter to Langley punting the project.  I've tried to sugar coat it as much as possible so he doesn't get pissed off and automatically go to El Paso if he does somehow get the project built.  The letter is based on the assumption that we will call them first to explain where we are.   Also, I've assumed that we won't send Dennis any of the data from EE&CC or ENA.  I think we can chat generally on the phone and give them the ballpark results without actually sending the schedules to him.  Please give me a call so we can help Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.  (did you notice how I disappear when things start to go south?)  Talk to you soon.  DF 
 Ha!  I appreciate the complement but I like my current job just fine--all I have to do is crap on a contract now and then and argue with Mary Kay all day long.  Piece of cake!  DF 
 Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" section of his memo:  1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system?  2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant. Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?  3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output into the grid only when profit opportunities arose?  4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and reward?  John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis in Steve's memo, however.  Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions. DF 
 Give me a yell when you are ready to call Golub back--he's an old Baker and Botts colleague of mine and I'd like to be on the call just to say hi. Thanks. DF 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 First, congratulations to all five of you and the others on your staffs who were involved for working together to get the excess line pack deal done today.  As I understand it, TK was able to sell 10,000 MMBtu at the Cal Border for something like $15 thanks to your efforts.  This thing went from Dave and Kent's idea to you guys' execution in about two days, even with a (slight) delay due to my panic attack on whether we can make downstream sales.   Great job!   Second, I think TK, Kevin, Maria and Glen and I have come up with a workable set of guidelines on when similar deals can be done in the future.  The key, as I expressed in the attached email, is that the sales be driven by a legitimate operational basis.  If Gas Control verifies that we have excess line pack at a location and that making the sale helps get line pack to optimal levels, such sales are appropriate.  Gas Control should also verify that the operational basis for the sale can be documented if the need ever arises.  Today's deal is a great example of that as we actually communicated to outside parties that we anticipated some pressure management issues.  If there are ever any questions about when such deals are appropriate, or about how to document the operational basis, please give me, Susan, or Maria a call.  Again, great job!  DF 
 Great. 
 We do in fact have a lot of captive markets.  I don't have a problem with S= &P=20 saying that, although I wouldn't want Enron saying it too often.  In genera= l=20 I'm OK.  Thanks. DF 
 If that's all we need commercially, I'm fine with it.  I'd be more enthusiastic if we thought that their removal of the protest would clear up all FERC's issues and result in cancellation of the tech. conf. and prompt approval of the filing, but I suspect that is too much to ask for.  DF 
 I don't think I gave you George Briden's number in my voice mail today.  Its 401-934-1433.  Just out of curiosity, please let me know if they are as eager to move forward as George said they were.  Thanks. DF 
 Two answers:  1.  Just yourselves.  Sandra has laid in an excessive quantity of vittles and libations.  2.  Good idea.  Tryiing to launch an effort like that now would be a nightmare, but after Conoco, we'll have a lot of organizational work anyway.  Thanks.  df 
 Great.  Thanks to you all for your careful work and patience.  DF 
 I'd drop the dash in "rate-bid" but otherwise am OK.  Thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 pls print .  thanks. DF 
 Do you know anyone in ROW who could give me a sense of what ROW currently is going for in $/ mile, in New Mexico?  Please forward this to anyone you think might be able to give me some insight on recent right of way procurement by enron or others.   Thanks.  DF 
 Just Jim's would be useful.  I'll let him know by cc.  Thanks. 
 Yes.  Thanks.  DF 
 Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.  Thanks.  Robert--this is what I'm sending to Emma.  Nothing definite yet, but Soldano might have something soon.  I didn't want to raise expectations on that yet.   DF 
 Cool--I'm in Monday--lets talk then.  Thanks. DF 
 Is that point the receipt point Sempra would have to use to take the base gas volumes away from Cunningham?  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I think I've already got things squared away with Jerry.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 This is a problem your people should be aware of because I think our usual practice when we want to verify ownership structure is to call the corporate secretary's office.  If they are behind, I don't know who we should go to in the future.  Maybe we need to run everything by corp. tax from now on.  Ugh. DF 
 I agree with Susan.  df 
 pls let me know if you will be able to cover this--I'm out of pocket. thanks. df (also--leave me a voice mail at x37555 on how things are going out in Cal.) 
 I'll look at it on the plane and talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 They nominate the SF to market services also, in addition to any transport they have?  Dari, please follow up on this with market services and verify what the procedures are and let us all know.    Again, this may relate to a counterproposal we make to TCEM if they barf on the corporate guarantee issue, so time is of the essence.  Thanks.  DF   Sue M Neville                05/31/2000 11:14 AM 
 Please go ahead and do a letter--Lou is considering talking with her but isn't sure yet.  Thanks DF 
 pls send emma's resume to Lou Soldano.   Lou, please give me a call if you have any questions about this lady.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the heads up--I'll talk to him tomorrow.  DF 
 I recall that we set up a warning flag approach with market services last year to make sure that Sempra never "goes physical" without us manning the battle stations and deciding what to do.  Do you guys know who the noms would come in to in Market Services if Sempra ever decided to try to take their gas out of Cunningham and move it off system?  Care to venture a guess as to what that person would do if a 100,000 nom by Sempra into an IT contract for a haul from the Cunningham storage point to Demarc hit their desk?  Sempra couldn't nom the gas into a transport contract without first giving Kent/Sue/Morgan a physical delivery nom under the SF agreement, correct?  At which point we would immediately nom the SBA, correct?  These issues may be important to our closing this year's deal if TCEM can't come up with the corp. guarantee.  I.e., if we can retain absolute control of the noms, do we really have any "go physical" risk???  We need to think this through.  DF 
 Denise, pls print for me.  Thanks DF 
 For some reason the initial email didn't go through to him--I forwarded it separately.  Thanks.  DF 
 I'm on board with the low key concept and the bullets look great.  Some minor comments attached.  Thanks for spearheading this, Shelley.  DF 
 Per our discussion last week, this is the status on Pueblo.  I think we need to establish to our satisfaction the bona fides of Dennis' government contracting scheme before we pitch hard to have ENA get into the deal and scrub down the numbers on the power plant.  If our govcon gurus (Bill Votaw and Bill Gang--both ex military guys working on DOD outsourcing deals for Enron Federal Solutions) buy off on it, then I think we brief Stan at that point.  You, Stan and Steve will then need to decide the best way to pitch ENA to verify the economics and potentially get into the deal.  Either we'd have Stan push from the top down or have Kevin and  Steve go directly to the ENA deal guys.  More to follow. 
 I couldn't get the email through to Bill Gang, so lets try William.  Bill V, if this doesn't show Bill G as an addressee, please forward from your computer.  Thanks.  DF 
 Approved on behalf of Dari.  The attached document has the dates right--its Nov. 29, 2000 through Dec. 31, 2000.  DF 
 I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts counsel present and if so, who do you suggest?  On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board. I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF 
 DJ, Drew was scheduled to attend May 25th @ 2 p.m. but will not be able attend as he has an important conference call.  Carmen 
 I'll be in Houston so no need to dial me in!  DF 
 I saw in the press that N.M. has delayed electric open access until Jan 1, 02 for residentials and small commercials and to July 1, 02 for large industrials.  That increases the likelihood that the Pueblo project will have to dump power in the wholesale market at 4 Corners for a while before retail markets start to open up.  One more thing to factor in.  I'm expecting to hook up with Bill Votaw of Enron Federal Solutions today to talk about Langley's "sole source" procurement strategy with DOE.  I hope to get Votaw on the phone with Langley's D.C. govt. contracts lawyers to discuss their theory.  We should be in a better position to raise a flag if the sole source strategy is really a high risk approach.  I'm not sure where that would leave us because the only other approach I can think of is to steer DOE into opening the power plant up for bids.  Langley does not appear interested in trying to win an open bid for the power plant, although frankly we would probably have about as good a chance as anyone of winning.  Once we clear up the government contracts issues (if ever) it seems to me that it would be time to expand the team to include Federal Solutions (potentially, if they see an angle to help them with their Kirtland outsourcing strategy) and ENA.  The ENA involvement would be particularly important so we could get a line of specific turbine availability and the specifications/economics that would result.  I'm probably engaging in wishful thinking again, but my hope is that the economics on a specific turbine/heat exchanger configuration work out a little better than the generic economics from the model that James ran.   If we think this thing is a potentially viable deal after I talk to Votaw and the Langley DC team, we need to grab Bill Cordes and discuss whether we go to ENA "from the bottom up," or through Stan "from the top down" to get hooked into a deal team over there.  Kevin, I still intend to hook you into the Votaw-DC call if you are available. Thanks. DF 
 I second that--thanks a lot!!  DF 
 pls get me scheduled on this.  thanks. df 
 Another Tino-gram.  DOE disclosed to Team Tino that they pay a $7.06/mo demand charge per KW in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge.  Tino didn't know whether that was per KW of monthly demand, per KW of non-coincident peak usage, or what.  The PNM tariff for govt. service is priced at $7.16/KW of "demand above 10,000kw during peak period"  (peak period is daytime) so I assume that is how it is calculated.  If that is the tariff ("Schedule 4000B") under which DOE really takes service, this is interesting because that is not a very big discount off of the stated rate.  It is also interesting that DOE is paying $.053/kwh for energy since the Schedule 4000B energy rate is $.05072/kwh (maybe the difference is surcharges or something). Tino's consultant has figured out that the demand charge equates to an incremental $.011 in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge, for a total delivered PNM rate to DOE of $.064/kwh.  This is not as good as the 7 cent number Tino threw around earlier in the week, but its still not terrible.  If the bogey is a 10% reduction to the current rate, our number to beat is $.0576/kwh.  Tino promised us copies of DOE's actual energy bills to confirm these numbers.  That would be great and solves the due diligence problem you and I talked about yesterday, Kevin.  Tino also passed along a rumor he heard from the Isleta's consultant that the Cobisa Belen project is dead.  Do we know anything about this??? Interesting.  I'm waiting to hear back from Bill Votaw to line up a due diligence call to Tino's government contracts lawyers in DC to confirm whether the "sole source" strategy is legit.  Kevin, I'll let you know when this is scheduled in case you want to be on the call.  Thanks.  DF 
 I wouldn't miss it!  DF 
 this guy  cracks me up 
 Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online deal.  Cell 402-630-8461 or home 402-572-8595.  I'm in tomorrow around 7:45. Gracias.  DF 
 Tino implied that it was transferrable, but we'd need to look at the documents to be surre.  DF 
 At the suggestion of Robert Jones (you remember him--one of the growing legion of ex-GPG HR representatives), I interviewed a lady named Emma Caplan yesterday.  She is the wife of a guy that Enron Networks brought over to Houston from London.  She is a "Solicitor" in the English legal system, and got her law degree at the University of Wales.  She has not taken an American bar exam but may be able to take DC or New York.  For some reason related to practice of foreign lawyers in TX, she can't take the TX bar until she has gotten a US law degree.  This person is very bright, personable, and enthusiastic.  She is extremely interested in working for Enron, either as a lawyer once she gets her license squared away, or in a paralegal or analyst position until then. I left a copy of her resume with Emily, and I'd ask that she please forward it to each of you.  If any of you have need for such an individual or have ideas she should pursue within Enron (or outside Enron), please call Robert or myself.  Thanks.  DF 
 I met with Ms Caplan yesterday and had a good discussion.  I was pretty impressed with her.  The only down side is that her inability to sit for the Texas bar is a hangup for a lawyer position.   I suggested that she also look into getting her license in New York or D.C. as I think those jurisdictions are less reluctant to allow non-U.S. lawyers to sit for the bar than Texas is.  I'll talk to Mike Moran, Dot McCoppin, Britt Davis and Shelley Corman regaring possible positions in GPG.  Have you thought about Steve Kean's group?  They might be able to use someone like Emma.  I plan to write her in a couple of weeks to follow up with any additional leads I've found.  Enjoyed shootin the shit with you, as always!  DF 
 If we are still talking about 6-1, any time after 1 should work for me, as I've got a meeting that ends at 11:30 downtown.  How long does it take to drive to Katy at noon???  About 3 hours?  DF 
 I couldn't open the document, but that's OK as I will have no problem with whatever form and content you include, as long as they don't build in any links to porno sites or similar undesirable places.  Thanks. DF 
 If you guys are just going to squabble like a couple of old ladies I'm not sure I want to play golf with you!  By the way, Hill, your excuse is lame.  DF 
 I got a call from Tino Monaldo today passing on the results of Dennis Langley's meeting with DOE in Albuquerque.  DOE indicated that their current PNM rate is "5.3 cents, exclusive of the demand charge."  Tino's consultant claims that factoring in the demand charge yields an effective rate of approximately 7 cents/KWh.  Assuming we need to come in at 10% less than the current rate, our bogey is 6.3 cents/KWh.  This is at the high end of the range we hoped they'd be in.  Additionally, DOE indicated that they need "redundancy" and don't want to rely on PNM for back up power.  They want a multiple turbine facility--i.e., more smaller turbines instead of fewer large turbines.  The new pipeline will need to be split connected to El Paso and TW in order to access diverse supplies and guard against supply failure.  They have not asked for fuel oil backup.  I know this is starting to look like the project that won't go away, but the power price number looks very promising to me.  I think its worth scrubbing down the model we've used to replace the generic capital cost and O&M assumptions with more specific assumptions related to the specific turbine configuration we'd be using.  If this price is really as favorable as I think, can we make another run at the ENA people and Federal Solutions guys to see if they have any interest? DF 
 I enjoyed meeting with you guys and your team this morning.  Our crack certificate people have already responded to my request, as you'll see below.  As you get deeper into the process, talking with Michele and her colleagues may be useful for you as they have been through it all before with FERC on storage projects.  Let me know if I can be of further help.  Thanks for the quick help, Michele.  DF 
 Thanks for the offer!  Lets see when we get this event scheduled and I may be able to take you up on it.  Looks like you Utilicorp guys need to get coordinated or I may have to play golf twice.  That would be brutal.  DF 
 How about Thursday or Friday, June 1 or 2 for a round of golf?  I'm in HOU all wk and the end of the wk looks pretty light.  I'd be happy to venture out west to your Katy/San Antonio nick of the woods if you guys are available. Hill, are you gonna be in Houston around then?  If so, can you sneak the clubs past your wife?  Please advise.  DF  PS:  I met with Paul Bieniawski and his new storage group today.  Do you guys know how he parted terms with the Frogs? 
 No problem with the plan to send a demand letter to El Paso on the measurement issue.  Please include me on distribution for the draft. Thanks,  DF 
 Tino called this morning with a quick report.  They are still negotiating with DOE on a power plant deal, but it looks pretty shaky.  The size of the plant has grown to 380 MW, for reasons that are unclear to me.  Tino has been ordered to develop an exit strategy in case the power plant deal falls apart.  He says Dennis has about $3 mm in the project so far, most of it related to the pipeline right of way.  The have a binding 20 year agreement with the tribes for the ROW that calls for a $100,000 minimum monthly payment.  I'm not sure the entire route is perfected or not or whether the ROW agreement includes fiber optic rights etc.  The question is whether we are even interested enough to justify a closer look, since the rights Dennis has pulled together will probably be available for cents on the dollar.  I told Tino I'd give him a call next week to let him know.  At minimum, I'd suggest we have one of our ROW guys take a look at whatever they've got and advise us on what its worth.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 I'm forwarding to each of you a fascinating document--Langley's proposal to the DOE.  It looks like he's already been fairly specific about the interest that the tribes will have in the various entities and contracts.  He also promised DOE a 10 % power cost reduction (before he even knew what they were currently paying).  He may have made some promises that are pretty to hard to deliver on.  Developers are amazing.  DF 
 pls print for Bill meeting.  thanks df 
 pls print for my Tues. am mtg in Houston.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 I'm OK with the language, but I want to make sure everyone is OK on the concept.  When we left this (unless there have been subsequent conversations with ECS that I wasn't a part of) we rejected Courtney's proposal to reduce our up front payment by $500,000.  He was to come back and propose a monthly quantity of gas to be paid over the term of the contract that would equate to the $500,000, but I don't recall that we agreed to it.  Did we intend to leave the issue open for more horsetrading on the amount of a haircut ECS should take or were we content to cover ECS at 100 cents on the dollar?  I am advised that the Btu number in the letter would allow ECS to get the full $500,000 of up front value.  Rod and Steve--this one is up to you and I think its totally a question of whether we want to argue for some more $$ because I can't think of any other open issue with ECS on this or any other deals that we might be able to trade.    DF 
 I'm in.  df    Enron North America Corp. 
 cool.  Thanks. DF 
 Shoot.  Due to a conflict on Monday, I'm now scheduled to arrive in Houston on Tuesday at 10 am.  I return to Omaha at 8 PM  on Wednesday.  If there is anything on Mark's schedule consistent with those constraints, please let me know.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm not aware of any legal or regulatory prohibition on our performing such a service for Citizens.  We can't actually buy the assets without a FERC certificate, but that's not what you are suggesting.   I can think of one example on NN in which Northwestern Pub. Service owns a some branch lines and we operate them.  Whether we do it as a separate legal entity or as TW is a strategy call that will depend on whether we want to keep the revenue stream out of the regulated pipeline entity.  Since TW doesn't have a rate case until 2006, there is probably no reason to put the contract in a separate entitiy until we get down the road a ways. 
 What a tangled mess.  please call and splain what's going on here.  Thanks. DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks.df 
 The whole thing also bugs me on an intuitive level, but I'm not sure it is a legal conflict of interest.  The Northern cases he is involved in are not really  "GISB matters."  There are certainly issues like the 637 compliance issue that involve GISB standards, however.  GISB is a freestanding entitity and his representation does not equate to representation of Enron so he could claim that his only client interest to worry about is GISB itself.  As long as he does not take positions in Northern cases that are inconsistent with what GISB wants, he's technically OK.  I suspect he'd argue that his work in the Northern docket is completely consistent with GISB's objective of achieving world domination.  This was my from the hip analysis when Jay first showed up in our cases, so I may have missed something.  For example, I'm not really clear on GISB's structure.  Can we argue that it is not a real stand alone entity but rather  a "front" for a cooperative group of companies that includes Enron?  If so, we might have a real conflict.  Thanks. DF 
 Great--please sign me up!  Martha--I think my schedule is OK.  Please let me know if I need to move anything.  Thanks.  DF 
 Roger that--lid on.  I'm in KC today.  What a lovely city.  I can see why you guys decided not to move.  DF 
 pls print for Mike and Me.  thanks (Maria probably needs one to)  df 
 Sorry--I'm not able to do it Monday afternoon.  Would breakfast on Tuesday be a viable alternative for Mark?  DF 
 I'd like you to be involved in this from the legal side.  Shelley, please keep Lee in the loop on this matter. Gracias.  DF 
 Pls print up a full copy for Mike and I.  Thanks DF 
 here'[s the second installment.  Thanks DF 
 This morning I raised a concern regarding TW's sale of excess fuel at downstream points.  Here's the problem:  the tariff requires shippers to tender fuel to us at their receipt points.  With rare exceptions, those receipt points are not at the Cal. border.  Order 636 mandates that pipelines unbundle transportation from storage.  It also requires that pipelines that make gas sales do so at the furthest upstream point on their pipeline.  That latter requirement means that if a pipe buys gas at point "x", it should resell the gas at point "x" and not haul the gas to point "y" and then sell it there as a delivered (i.e., bundled) product.  My concern this morning was that our receipt of fuel gas in the San Juan or Permian and shipment of that gas to the Cal. border for sale arguably violates the unbundling requirement (because the Cal. border sale is a bundled combination of the sale and the transportation of the gas to the downstream location) or the "furthest upstream point" requirement or both.  Susan and my recollection was that when ECS wanted to receive the Gallup fuel deliveries at  a point other than Permian pool, we made them sign a transport contract to move the gas to where they wanted it.  I haven't confirmed that recollection but I am recalling that we told Courtney that we couldn't just move our fuel gas around whereever we wanted it--we needed someone to pay us to transport it.  Irrespective of what we did with ECS, I think the following is the correct way to look at this situation:  We receive fuel at the shippers' receipt points.  Once we receive it, however, it is no longer "fuel."  It becomes line pack until it is burned.   Line pack moves around based on a lot of reasons, including shipper imbalances, etc.  It also, obviously, has to move to the compressors where it is burned as fuel.   It is our job to  manage line pack, and that means we buy line pack at locations where we are short, and sell it at locations where we are long.  If we end up long at the Cal. border from time to time, we should sell excess line pack to get line pack back to optimal levels.  I wouldn't want to get into a pattern where we are consistently buying line pack in the San Juan and Permian and selling line pack at the Cal. border, but  thats not what we are talking about here.  I can't think of anything in the tariff or otherwise that is inconsistent with this interpretation of our authority as operator of the pipeline.  MKM--OK with you?  DF 
 Following is one of the documents I got on Friday.  the other will follow shortly.  I think Maria forwarded this already, but you ought to make sure she got it. Thanks. DF 
 No way!  Joining up with Russell???  That's interesting, I thought he had "hung 'em up" as they say.  I want the full scoop.  DF 
 Outstanding.  I'll  bring em and I'll call you guys in a week or so to get the details nailed down.  Did you know that Bienawski (sp?), the Sofregaz guy, is at Enron?  He's got a storage development group or some damn thing. I'm going to look him up and see what the heck he thinks he's doing.  DF 
 I am troubled by your report.  Perhaps we need to threaten to revoke the anmesty and impose sanctions for noncompliance?  Or deputize someone mean to search file cabinets?  In all seriousness, would all of you please remind your troops of the importance of this effort, as I will with my folks.  Rick, thanks for the hard work  and perseverance on this.  DF 
 I heard that NE Hub made it through the Oriskany without blowing anything up.  Siggy must have been so pleased, and Penn Fuel and CNG so disappointed! Hey, I'm gonna be down the week of May 30-June 3 and would like to get together with you guys.  What's going on that week?  Would there be any reason, say, to bring golf clubs?  I hear that my much ballyhooed former law partner David Hill might be down in Houston the same time and I need to have a few beers on his expense account as well.  Pat, I don't think you've met this guy but you need to, if for no other reason because he buys beers.   DF 
 I heard a great report the other day from David Hill that you guys made it through the Oriskany without any interesting pyrotechnics!  What a disappointment that must have been for Karol Lynn and CNG!  Sounds like a pretty boring operation up there, otherwise I might be tempted to drop by and see the show.  Also heard that the knuckleheads from Bath got thrown out of court on their antitrust suit.  Shit, all you needed to do all along was get rid of me and things started falling into place!!!  Best wishes for continued success--and Siguaw, stay the hell out of trouble! AMFDJF 
 So Haskell is trying to play good guy with us on Kansas Ad Valorem while he's trashing us at FEEBLE.  ENA is not one of the "largest single shippers" on Northern, at least in the market area.  They did that big negotiated rate deal with us, however for 300,000Dth, so I expect that is what Haskell is talking about.  They may in fact be the single biggest firm customer among the producer/marketer segment.  MKM and I ought to whup up on him down in KC next week on this issue. 
 Great letter.  I'd even suggest that you have the Weird Herald folks out for a tour, but well-intentioned ideas like that always backfire with the media. DF 
 I'll defer to your more expert addressees on this one.  Thanks.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 fyi.  df 
 "The Man" was actually planning to be in Omaha those days, but I'm overdue on a journey south so I'll try to put something together.  I'll have my people (i.e., me) call your people (i.e., you) soon.  DF 
 Outstanding!!  Its great to see that the organization recognizes real talent when it sees it!  DF 
 pls print with cover memo--for me and maria.  thanks. DF 
 Thanks Lou--looks good.  Given the amount of $$ we've spent the last 2 years on this I hope we can hold them to this deal.  DF 
 My buddy in DC found the NE Hub testimony and is fedxing it.  If you can get the egan hub testimony that would be great.  Thanks. DF 
 More stuff on Gallup.  Thanks.DF 
 Please call when you've reviewed this.  Thanks. DF 
 I'd like to get a tape to show to the law dept.  Thanks.  DF 
 OUTSTANDING!  I may use it word for word!  Thanks--I'll call him shortly and let you know how it goes.  DF 
 Thanks for the memo.  Very informative, especially about the "whining of indeterrmined origin. . . "  You were' nt talking about a coworker were you? Lets talk in the AM on this.  thanks. DF 
 any word on the supreme court ruling?  I figure that ought to add $5 to the stock price instantly, if it comes out right.  df 
 Great job.  I'll grab you and Susan Mon. AM to discuss this and her thoughts.  DF 
 Tell me how much.  Thanks.  DF 
 Looks good to me.  Thanks. DF 
 ???  could you give me a call and suggest what to do-- I don't remember that we ran any ads.  Thanks. DF 
 Wow.  Pretty interesting info.  I'm trying to think of a "plan B" approach, but without ENA (and their turbines) I'm haviang a hard time coming up with one.  Steve, I'll talk to you in Tucson on this.  Thanks.  DF 
 Mike, I hadn't seen your email when we talked today.  I'm fine with whatever approach you want to take with the documents.  I'll call in for the meeting with Stan tomorrow.  I have the phone number.  Sorry we got cut off on the MOPS issue today.  I'm a little communication impaired up here, but I'll call on Wed. or Thur. on MOPS.  in the mean time, please grab whoever you need from my group to get the thinking underway on the new strategy.  Thanks.  DF 
 I agree.  This is not a big enough dollar issue for them to make a huge stink, is it?  If it is, can't we match them stink for stink with all the imbalance penalties we have forgiven in the past?  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Mike, here are two draft sets of talking points covering Stan's initial phone call with Ted Davis to discuss whether a settlement meeting would be useful and the subsequent settlement meeting itself.  Please give me any comments you have and I'll send to Stan or have available to hand to him at our meeting, which I understand is scheduled for 9 am on Tuesday.  I'll  be calling in from Arizona.  Note there is at least one issue we ought to think about a bit more--whether to have Stan imply there may be other goodies available other than the Hobbs Line.  I'm inclined to avoid implying that, but to have Stan primed to pull out additional goodies if necessary.  I have not yet completed a bullet point outline of the settlement proposal for Stan to send to Davis after Stan and he meet.  As things currently stand it would basically be identical to the second sheet of talking points.   I would prefer to finalize that document after we meet with Stan, both to minimize the paper in front of him at the Tuesday meeting and to allow the Davis outline to be tailored to reflect the strategy we arrive at with Stan (I think I'm safe in assuming we will tinker with the strategy a bit on Tuesday morning).  If we do modify the strategy, I'll also modify the talking points.  Britt and Barrett, I wanted you to know the timetable in part because, if Stan decides to go forward,  we need to send Barrett's suggested letter to Jad verifying continued application of the settlement privilege to Stan and Ted's discussions.   I intend to call you after the Stan meeting to advise. Just in case you don't hear from me by late morning Tuesday, please give Mike a call to confirm whether to send the letter.  I may have fallen into the Grand Canyon or been bitten by a hila monster. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Great--please let me know how it goes.  I'm out next wk but will check voice mails.  Also, why does my email down below say "Enron Energy Services?"  My computer has apparently transferred me to EES.  I need a vacation.  DF 
 Outstanding!!!  Still colder than shit up here--what are you guys even thinking on moving up here????  I'll call you to check out the details later this week.  Thanks. DF 
 I'd be happy to talk to either of you about NNG's experience or work I did in my former life for my old client Market Hub Partners on requests for market based rates for their Egan Louisiana, Moss Bluff, Texas and Tioga Pennsylvania projects. 
 Glad to help--concocting market based rates for storage facilities that probably don't deserve them is one of the few things I know how to do.  DF 
 I had an interesting conversation with Mark Courtney today, this time about something that doesn't cost us money.  He has gained a good bit of experience on transmission availability in NW New Mexico from the Gallup electric contract negotiation.  His take on transmission constraints is consistent with what Kevin and I had suspected:  Alb. is a load pocket and the prevailing flow is west to east into Alb.  Constraints only affect west to east flows and a generator in Alb. could always move power to four corners by displacement.  Courtney has worked with an ENA transmission guy named Steve Walton who apparently has more experience with the 230Kv transmission lines that had the problem that led to the recent blackouts in Alb.  If we are not talking to him already, he would be another guy worth talking to. 
 Good job on the draft.  My comments are redlined on the attached doc.  Lets get it on file ASAPPDQ.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print with cover memo.  thanks. df 
 I will be particularly interested in an update on the "Topock Decontamination" item on the agenda.  Give me a break.  DF 
 Tino called today to report on their meetings with DOE last week.  Tino, Dennis Langley, and their outside lawyer Jim Slattery met with Bill Richardson and DOE staff to discuss the "sole source" procurement approach to DOE's obtaining an alternative power supplier for Kirtland AFB and Sandia. Tino reports that Richardson signed off on the sole source approach, subject only to DOE review of the final contract to assure its consistency with the public interest.  Tino believes that the combination of significant Native American involvement in the overall deal structure along with a power price that is lower than DOE's current PNM rates will satisfy the "public interest" standard.  Slattery is set to begin discussions with DOE next week on the overall structure of Dennis' proposal.  I am surprised that Dennis would go this far before hearing from us on the economics, but Tino made it sound like the initial discussions would be fairly general--i.e., to explain to DOE that the plan is to build a new pipeline and a new power plant and to do the whole thing in partnership with the Isleta Tribe, but without talking about specific economic issues.  Sounds to me like Dennis has Richardson on board but is nevertheless planning to pitch to the lower level DOE staff people what a great deal this is for the Tribes and therefore the government.  Tino, not surprisingly, is eager to see numbers and sit down to discuss them.  He suggested a meeting the first week of May in either Houston or KC. I asked Tino whether he could get firmer numbers from DOE than we currently have on (1) total electric and gas load (current and projected) for the AFB and Sandia and (2) actual price DOE currently pays for gas and power.  He didn't think he could get better information before the first week in May.  On another related topic, through Shelley Corman's group  I got acquainted with a guy named Tim Beldon who runs the ENA transmission capacity book for the Western U.S., out of Portland.  I talked with him for a few minutes about power flows and pricing in the N.M-Arizona area and he seemed pretty knowledgable.  He has a transmission engineer on his team who is an expert in verifying utility claims of transmission constraints.  Apparently, ENA buys and sells a lot of power in the four corners area and is pretty familiar with the transmission availabilty and power pricing situation up there.  I didn't discuss with Tim the specifics of the project we are looking at, but did tell him that Kevin and Steve were looking at a potential power plant load and trying to figure out how serious it is.  Kevin, if you guys think Beldon could provide useful info on the cost and availability of firm and non-firm transmission for the surplus power out of Albequerque up to four corners, please give him a call.  It is OK to disclose to Beldon what we are working on, but please inform him that we are subject to a confidentiality agreement and that further disclosure is improper.  Please let me know whether a meeting with these guys the first week of May is doable.  Thanks.  DF 
 Corporate schizophrenia.  Weird.   DF 
 I understand that you guys have retained Holland and Hart to give us another set of eyes on the Navajo issues.  For future reference, I have finally hooked up with the South Dakota firm I mentioned and was favorably impressed with their experience in similar matters.  Don Schultz and a couple of his partners have substantial litigation experience both for and against the S.D. tribes (Ogalla Sioux, etc.) on federal jurisdictional issues.  One of Don's partners is general counsel of the Rushmore Electric Cooperative in Western South Dakota and has had dealings with the tribes on right of way issues for years.   They have cleared conflicts, and are available  if we ever need a third opinion or if we get into a spat with the tribes elsewhere.  Sorry it took me so long to run this to ground.  Thanks. DF 
 Excellent reading of the legal authority issues as well as the political winds.  I think your sense of the likelihood of trouble is accurate.  I also agree with your implicit premise that if FERC or anyone else wanted to make trouble regarding our negotiated rate deals, the easiest approach, and the most direct one, is to challenge the deals as unjust and unreasonable under NGA section 4/5.  To challenge the deals under some state law "gouging" theory would give rise to preemption defenses on our part, etc.  I'll talk to you and Kathy further tomorrow AM and then we can grab Mike to discuss. Thanks.  DF 
 I think I am OK.  DF 
 I think I got my address book fixed and the Harris pro blem is solved forever.  Thanks!  DF 
 I don't think the new policy helps us, but it would help an intrastate pipeline that wanted to interconnect with us.  DF 
 Not yet--I'll try this wkend.  thanks. DF 
 Thanks Vig--this is very helpful as I've gotten a bit out of the loop over the last several weeks.   I don't know exactly what the reason was for striking this from our agenda for tomorrow, but it might be for the better since we can now schedule a prefiling devoted exclusively to this filing. Lets talk next wk on where we stand with Hanover and where FERC's general policy on outsourcing is going.  That KN Wattenberg order is excellent for us on the jurisdictional issue, so maybe the longer we wait the better the law will get for us.  DF      Donald Vignaroli   04/12/2000 04:14 PM 
 Mike Moran has informed me that the FTC and U.S. DOJ, as part of their review of the El Paso-Coastal merger, have decided to take a close look at the merger's possible impact on competition in the Chicago-Wisconsin market.  In this regard, those agencies need to set up a conference call in the next two weeks to discuss that issue with experts on that market from Border and Northern.  This will not be an on-the-record deposition.  It will be a conf. call and what I expect to be an  informal question and answer session on what we know.   Representatives of the Wisconsin and Illinois Attorney General's office (or whatever agency it is in those states that deals with antitrust issues) will be on the phone as they are working with the Feds on the merger.  I think either one of you guys, with appropriate supervision, would do a fine job.  Please let me and Mike know who gets the black bean and what your general availability is and we'll get it set up.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks. DF 
 This is too cool to be believed.  Obviously, I'm not getting much accomplished at work today.  Adios, DF    > Subject:  FW: Jet exhaust > > > ---------- >  <<fod5.mpg>> > >  - fod5.mpg 
 Given the numbers we got from Mark Baldwin, is this where we are?: 1.  The overall economics of the pipeline project have to be supported almost entirely by the new power plant.  At most, we could assume maybe 5,000-10,000/day of gas load from industrials near the airport, and another X,000 from Kirtland's gas load.   This assumed load will ramp up over several years (or longer depending on how long these folks existing contracts are) and not be available immediately. 2.  We know the bogey for pricing the electric contract for DOE.  Its probably $0.042/KWh, less 15-20% to make it attractive, or maybe $0.056, less 15-20%.  Either way, a low rate. 3.  We now know the best case scenario for cost on the pipeline--about $17 mm in the 16" configuration, without the Isleta lateral or the lateral over to the power plant.  Maybe about $20mm total? 4.  We don't have absolutely reliable info on electric transmission constraints from the proposed plant to Palo Verde, so I'd suggest that for now we just assume that we would be unconstrained on power sales at Palo Verde.  Are there alternative liquid markets available that might have better pricing?  Ercot?  Pub. Serv. Colorado? 5.  I'm not entirely sure how you guys are looking at the overall economics, but to my non-business guy mind, the following scenarios (or something similar) stick out as the key benchmarks that will decide whether the project makes sense: A.  Worst Case: Assume we build a 75 mw power plant (i.e., assume no extra power to sell in spot market) and assume we get the Kirtland gas load but no additional gas load from the customers Baldwin talked to .  If the rate for the gas line is the minimum rate that Enron could live with (based on our internal hurdle rates) can we hit the DOE target power price and have any $$$ left over?  I suspect this scenario is upside down.  Should we look at two alternative configurations for the power plant--combined cycle and simple cycle? B.  Mid Case: Assume we size the power plant at 150mw (or some similar size based on a turbine configuration that makes sense) and that we sell the surplus power at Palo Verde prices less Albequerque-Palo Verde transmission costs.  Again, assume no incremental gas load except Kirtland.  If the gas pipeline rate is set at the minimum rate Enron can live with, does the power plant make enough $$$ to make the project work? C.  Wildly Optimistic Case: Same as mid-case, except add Baldwin's gas load and start ramping in some estimated amount of additional gas load when NM gas restructuring kicks in in 2003 (did I get the year right?).   Also, start ramping in some estimated amount of high priced retail power sales to back out the Palo Verde spot sales at whatever year NM retail electric restructuring is expected to kick in.  (also 2003, I think).  With optimistic assumptions like this, does it make sense?  Tino suggested a meeting to talk economics in detail around the first of May.  Ideally, we'll have a feel for the above relationships, and the transmission constraint situation, by then.  Thanks.  DF 
 Looks good--I'm faxing some minor comments.  Give George my best!  DF 
 Unless we have bought something that I'm not aware of, I don't believe TW or NN has any assets or operations in Louisiana and therefore should not be subject to the referenced tax.  As far as other jurisdictions, I don't expect that we'd have a problem with in-kind payment as an additional payment option.  On TW, which has no fuel tracker, in kind tax payment probably wouldn't help us.  Northern does have a fuel tracker, however, and might avoid adverse earnings impact from tax volatility if we could pay those taxes in kind and stick them in the tracker.  We probably couldn't do that until the next rate case, however, because all current taxes are built into our base rates at some representative level.    Rod Hayslett 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Re: your comment on this today.  Unbelievable!!!  What a ton of _____.  Lets talk.  DF )by the way, whats a PAJE?  DF 
 Look!  Foti's computer also confuses the Evil and Good Steves!  DF 
 pls print--I'm sending you several docs on ECS--please give me in one stack. DF 
 This explains a lot.  Lets talk at 9 on what the status of the case is--find some trade press articles first thing mon. AM and don't bug Janet quite yet. Sounds like Bill has arranged a briefing by the NB people for our benefit (and probably an argument about whether we should intervene).  Thanks.  DF 
 Great job at the law conf!  You need to send a vcr tape up to us of the presentation so MKM and our group can use it for sensitivity training!!!  On other news, whats up with this????  Related to their downsizing?  Lorraine's a star--I was surprized to see this.  See you soon, DF 
 Please get me three copies--check with other folks in group and see if they want one.  Thanks..  DF 
 I may have these at home, but just to be sure, please email me your H and W and Cell ph. #, pager #, palm pilot #, the # that connects to the steel plate in your head, your address, and any other communication coordinates you think I need to have.  I'll be at the Westin La Something in San Anton, checking out Friday, and cell # 402-630-8461.  I'll give you guys a call at one of your numbers at a time of your choosing on Friday PM, and then head over to your joint or a restaurant or something for festivities.   I may even call you today if I can get a few minutes away from the madness.  I'm looking forward to reminding you about all of the fun things that come with working for corporate america.  You're gonna have to start reading Dilbert again so you can relate to all of us other corporate drones.  Adios, DF 
 What's the status of our analysis?  Has anyone heard anything from Dennis or Tino lately?  I get concerned when they disappear for weeks like they sometimes do.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls give me your comments next week..  thanks  df 
 Sounds OK to me.  Thanks.  DF 
 Oh great, the knuckleheads at PG&E will get SoCal all spooked.  Good luck. Thanks.  DF 
 No.  Thanks again!  DF 
 We are checking this out.  I'll get with MKM and compare notes and get back to you.  Thanks.  DF 
 Please check this out and get back to me asap.  thanks. DF 
 pls print if you haven't already.   thanks. df 
 pls print TW and NN docs only--not Border.  Thanks. DF 
 Dave - louie said you would want to see this.... 
 I'm in--staying over Friday and flying out on Sat AM.  How far are you guys from the scareport?  DF 
 I have no great interest in appealing the FERC order denying rehearing.  This one is a loser as it was decided on TW-specific facts and I see no clear inconsistency between FERC's various orders on revenue sharing.   Unless someone feels strongly to the contrary, lets punt.  Thanks. DF 
 That is by far the best line of the day!!  Unconscionability may be the thing I'm remembering, but I think there is some more specific law related to market dislocations--i.e., the Hurricane example.  Its sort of a twist on market power law--i.e., if the fates hand you short term market power, you better not use it.  DF 
 Great--thanks for the info.  DF 
 Here is the email I got from George.  I suspect he is just being high maintenance, but I never miss the opportunity to suck up to a potential customer, so hope you think my response is appropriate.  Thanks. DF 
 I'll bring this up with Mr. Fawcett today and you will hear back from either him or I or both shortly!  Glad to be of help.  DF 
 Sounds like "hiccup."  Anyway, I got an email from George Briden asking what is up with our response on this power plant.  Any problems or is it just time lag on studying our facility needs?  Let me know if you want me to call him back or help in any way.  Thanks. DF 
 Martha is bringing it down.  Let me know if you need me.  Thanks. DF 
 Hey, it worked great--I replicated several sets of messages without a problem.  Then, on Sunday, I did something and now can't get the computer to load up windows.  It stalls out on the "Property of ET&S" screen right after I turn it on.  Please make it happy again and ship it back up.  (I don't know if this would cause such a problem, but I may have shut off the computer off on saturday before I got the message saying "it is now safe to shut off your computer."  )  Thanks. DF 
 pls print this and hand it to me.  I tried sending it directly to the printer, but couldn't tell if it went.  Thanks. FD 
 Pls print.  thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with trying what the commercial group wants but we'd better be aware of the consequences.  If we are successful, it may be a little easier to get Kent his authority to buy third party storage from other pipelines.  If we are unsuccessful, getting Kent's thing approved will get a bit harder.  I think the PNM proposal is pretty specific and has a nice operational basis that may help our chances somewhat. Also, I'm forwarding to Shelley to get a read on any FERC policy landmines.  Shelley, the summary of Madden's talk to INGAA that you circulated today quoted Madden as saying that FERC will take up the Texas Eastern remand soon.  Are we headed in the right direction? Looks to me like we may give Madden and his people an opportunity to broaden the current policy a bit without fundamentally changing it.  Thanks.  DF 
 telkajdslkajfdlkasjdflkjsd 
 Hey, got my facts together on our Houston gig--we'll be down Sat. Dec. 2 through mon the 4th.  Any chance we could swing by on Sunday and see  you guys?  DF 
 Great intel.  I agree, when we sit down with Langley, we need to go through his DOE situation in detail and then take him up on the due diligence opportunities he offered us at the meeting in KC.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks Joe.  I'm asking Maria Pavlou to take a look at this and give you (and I) a preliminary answer.  I don't see any obvious problems--and the liability waiver is a good idea.  Maria--please take a look.  This will raise some of the same non jurisdictional revenue issues as the Clifton Machine Shop deal, unless we set it up on a strictly barter basis (i.e., no money changes hands--you give me 20 hours of training and I'll give you 20 hours of training).    DF 
 I think its not bullet proof, but certainly defensable.  Lets do it.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls find this article and print for me (sounds interesting--please give to Soldano and Mike Moran also).  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I'll call Tino back and tell him not to fret about what he heard from Maddox --I know Tino and Dennis knew about the Cobisa project and I think he believed Maddox was working on yet another project.  I can get Tino comfortable without breaching our confid. agreement with Maddox by just telling Tino that we understand there is just one project down South of our target location, not two.  Also, I'll let Tino know that early April looks like the best time to get together to talk numbers and we'll call to set it up when we are ready.  DF 
 Please print.  Thanks. DF 
 Here's the latest Tino-gram: 1.  Tino's environ. consultants have not discovered any stop signs.  2.  The Isleta is interested in granting Dennis ROW/lease for the power plant as well as the pipeline.  The power plant could be located on Isleta land adjacent to the South boundary of the Scandia reservation.  Thus, the power plant could be connected to DOE's existing powerline infrastructure without ever leaving the Isleta and DOE land.  PNM would not be necessary to move power to DOE.  Unclear to me whether this approach would give the power plant optimal access to the power grid for sales of surplus power.  (maybe  this could be done through DOE to an interconnect with PNM on the Scandia reservation?)  3.  Dennis is using Jim Slattery, an ex law partner of mine in DC (and ex Dem. U.S. Congressman from Kansas), as his primary contact with  Bill Richardson at DOE.  My recollection is that Jim does have a good relationship with Richardson, so this seems very likely to be effective.  Tino reports that "DOE is OK with the deal" and the next step is negotiating the power contract itself.  Tino said that DOE is aware that the capital for the project will not come from the tribe so the tribe's interest will be fairly thin.   It is unclear exactly how much indian ownership Dennis and Slattery promised DOE.  4.  Tino has run into a power plant consultant named Jack Maddox who says he's working on a 230MW plant to be located west of Belen.  Tino thinks he's working for the Laguna tribe, but wanted us to find out who is planning a big power plant out there.  Is this ours?  PNM's?  El Paso?  Finally, the next key step is obviously the economics.  Based on what Tino told me, I'm convinced that Dennis and Tino don't have a real good sense of how much $$$ might be in this deal.  They are groping a bit and our initial analysis of the numbers will likely carry a lot of weight.  How are those efforts coming?  Thanks.  DF 4. 
 I'm sure that many of you are aware that there has been a great deal of activity lately related to Enron's evaluation of possible acquisitions.  John Goodpasture's group has kept a large number of ET&S people engaged in looking at a number of potential deals.  While these deal evaluation projects have become routine around here, we all must remember that these projects are extremely confidential.  Even after a potential seller has announced that it is up for sale, the fact that Enron is looking at a potential deal, as well as any of our internal analysis of the deal, remains strictly confidential.  I realize that many of you have ongoing business relationships with employees of some of the companies that we have evaluated or may evaluate in the future.  If you find yourself in such a situation, and a business contact at the target company asks whether Enron is evaluating the contact's company or assets, the only appropriate response is that Enron personnel are not permitted to discuss potential acquisitions.  Please be aware that the confidentiality agreements that we typically sign as part of the acquisition evaluation process preclude any communication by Enron people with employees of the target company.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this requirement, please do not hesitate to give me a call.  Thank you for your assistance.  DF 
 I'm sure that many of you are aware that there has been a great deal of activity lately related to Enron's evaluation of possible acquisitions.  John Goodpasture's group has kept a large number of ET&S people engaged in looking at a number of potential deals.  While these deal evaluation projects have become routine around here, we all must remember that these projects are extremely confidential.  Even after a potential seller has announced that it is up for sale, the fact that Enron is looking at a potential deal, as well as any of our internal analysis of the deal, remains strictly confidential.  I realize that many of you have ongoing business relationships with employees of some of the companies that we have evaluated or may evaluate in the future.  If you find yourself in such a situation, and a business contact at the target company asks whether Enron is evaluating the contact's company or assets, the only appropriate response is that Enron personnel are not permitted to discuss potential acquisitions.  Please be aware that the confidentiality agreements that we typically sign as part of the acquisition evaluation process preclude any communication by Enron people with employees of the target company.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this requirement, please do not hesitate to give me a call.  Thank you for your assistance. DF 
 Stuck on the phone so I thought I'd email you.  Stan has asked Mike Moran if TW has any potential exposure on the high value transport deals under "anti gouging" statutes or common law.  You know, the laws that say you can't charge $100 per sheet of plywood during a hurricane or $50 for a bucket of water during a drought.  I think we need to research two things: 1.  are there any such laws applicable to our business?  (Cal. state law would probably be the best place to start) 2.  could the political/regulatory fight in Cal about power and gas prices ever expand all the way to our transport pricing?  I.e., if the CPUC whacks the power sellers for taking unfair advantage of their monopoly power, its not a big leap for the CPUC or FERC or even U.S. congress to whack gas sellers for jacking prices up to $14/MMBtu, as happened on Friday.  If that happens, its just another small jump to whack us for charging $1 for transport, or so the logic goes.  I'd like to hear preliminary views by 8:30 Monday am so I can talk to Mike before Stan's staff meeting (no written memo necessary).  Based on that prelim. research, we can decide what else need s to be done.  Thanks df 
 I'm sure that many of you are aware that there has been a great deal of activity lately related to Enron's evaluation of possible acquisitions.  John Goodpasture's group has kept a large number of ET&S people engaged in looking at a number of potential deals.  While these deal evaluation projects have become routine around here, we all must remember that these projects are extremely confidential.  Even after a potential seller has announced that it is up for sale, the fact that Enron is looking at a potential deal, as well as any of our internal analysis of the deal, remains strictly confidential.  I realize that many of you have ongoing business relationships with employees of some of the companies that we have evaluated or may evaluate in the future.  If you find yourself in such a situation, and a business contact at the target company asks whether Enron is evaluating the contact's company or assets, the only appropriate response is that Enron personnel are not permitted to discuss potential acquisitions.  Please be aware that the confidentiality agreements that we typically sign as part of the acquisition evaluation process preclude any communication by Enron people with employees of the target company.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this requirement, please do not hesitate to give me a call.  Thank you for your assistance. DF 
 I'm having Martha schedule a conf. call to discuss this.  I also want to discuss potential exposure if PG&E's public disclosure strategy kicks off a round of lawsuits.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  Got it and I've talked to Caren.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks DF 
 Emily, please print this up for me with attachment.  I'll stop by later to pick it up.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks for keeping me in the loop on this.  I've known Briden for years and would be happy to help out if it would be useful.  DF 
 Thanks, but I am in meetings today and can't make it.  Thanks. DF    Tammy Jaquet 
 pls print for me.  thanks. dF 
 Please find out what you can about which issues FERC is interested in on the Gallup rehearing requests.  I.e., did they issue the tolling order because of our rehearing arguments on the confidentiality issue or SoCal's on the rate discrimination issues?  Anything you learn would be helpful, but this info is not so important that risks should be taken to get it.  Thanks.  DF. 
 I found the reference I was remembering over the weekend.  Check out the order issued to TriState Pipeline at Docket CP99-61.  FERC got all over CMS on the problems posed by "dual jurisdictional facilities" whatever that means.  CMS tried to do something that sounds a lot like what PNM would be doing under the idea you guys had. 
 As you requested, following are the facts for the media regarding the negotiated rate deals that TW has recently done at rates in excess of the tariff max rate.   Please note that the first two transactions are already public and the following information can be disclosed now.  The third deal has not been filed yet and will not be public until it is.  That filing will be made before Dec. 1, 2000.  General:  TW has done three deals in the last week at rates in excess of TW's maximum tariff rate.  Each of the deals was done pursuant to TW's negotiated rate authority, which FERC granted TW in 1997.  (Order issued April 11, 1997, Transwestern Pipeline Co., 79 FERC Par. 61,021).  Pursuant to that authority, TW has filed negotiated rate tariff sheets with the FERC, which are docketed at Docket No. RP97-288.  Details on the specific transactions are as follows:  Deal 1:  Counterparty:  PG&E Energy Trading Rate Schedule:  ITS-1 Volume:    30,000/day Rate:  $.90/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges Term: the one day period of November 15, 2000 Receipt points:  NNG Halley, West Texas Pool Delivery point:  SoCal Topock  Deal 2:  Same as Deal 1,  except term is one day period of November 16, 2000 and rate is $.75/MMBtu  Deal 3:  Counterparty:  Sempra Energy Trading Rate Schedule:  LFT Volume:  10,000/day Rate:  $1.00/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges Term:  Dec. 1-Dec. 31, 2000 Receipt point:  Bloomfield Delivery point:  PG&E Topock  All of the above information is contained in TW's FERC filings on these transactions.  No other information is available as TW does not comment on specific customer transactions. 
 Please take a look at this history of the regulatory issues on Hubbard.  Note that I am still trying to confirm some potentially helpful facts.  I'll walk you through what I think this means on Monday or whenever you have time. Thanks.   DF 
 I think this is what Dot is looking for.  I had it on computer so thought I'd just email it to you.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 check with susan on the daily issue--did we test the reason behind our daily limit?  If we can do one month deals, why not 12 month? 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 Thanks.  These are Feb. only numbers, right?  Do you have something showing year to date?  I'll give you a call.  DF 
 Thanks Bob.  I'd suggest that you handle the points in the first and second paragraphs of your email with Gary Peng, including updating the verbiage as you deem appropriate to address the North Dakota, weather, and mileage issues.  Please send to Mike Moran and myself the changes you propose (including the numbers).  We have already modified the language you reference in your third paragraph (per Michele Winckowski), so that's taken care of. Mike, you or I should let Rex know that a couple of these additional tweaks are coming through this other channel.  One of us can then send them directly to Rex if that would be helpful.    DF 
 Bob, Steve Gilbert was not working on this, but he thought that the numbers in 10ks and annual reports generally get filled in by Elaine Concklin or someone based on ET&S numbers fed up throught the system by Gilbert's group. For now, I'm leaving the blanks in this draft blank and explaining to Moran that I have limited our review to the legal and regulatory verbiage. Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanksdf 
 Reed and Lana, thanks again for a great stay in the hills!  We all had a blast and I'm happy to report that Britt and Tina are bragging to their little classmates about their newfound skiing prowess!  Next thing you know they'll be starring in a Warren Miller video!  Have a great time in BC and say hi to Brad and Jen for us.  DF 
 As we discussed, based on this email and the other information you have given me, I have significant concerns about our ability to use the ENA products discussed below.  Having ENA IT people involved on an ongoing basis in maintaining the software and assisting us in using it would probably constitute a violation of the marketing affiliate rules or would at minimum create the appearance of marketing affiliate violations.  As I understand the risk books, etc., confidential information on our various capacity positions would be all over the place and difficult or impossible to firewall off from ENA people working on those books.  If there is some firewall strategy that the ENA folks have in mind, i.e., if those IT people are or will be employed by Networks or Corp., I am eager to listen, but from what I have learned so far, I am not comfortable with our use of the ENA system.  DF 
 Please see attached notes of the last meeting with PGE on Topock pcb problem.  Lou will be coordinating development of a litigation strategy in case PGE cuts our deliveries below 250 mm/d or pursues decon. of the Topock compressor (with the expectation that we will pay for the work under the operating agreement indemnity).  I volunteered your services, and my own, to assist with this work.  I believe the next step is for Lou to set up a meeting to discuss.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 Sounds reasonable to me.  When do we sign?  Seriously, this just confirms in my mind that Langley isn't looking very closely at the economics of the deal because he doesn't have any capital or O & M numbers (or heat rates) on the generation equipment so he has no idea how thick or thin the margins might be on this project.  Once we are able to show him some economics he will presumably be in a position to be reasonable on the issues discussed below. If he's not willing to be reasonable, we're done talking to him. 
 if you haven't already, pls print for me.  thanks. DF 
 It is penciled in on Drew's calendar and I have an eraser. 
 Drew is available Monday after 10:00 except for 2 to 3. He is available all day Tuesday and on Wednesday from 1 to 2.  Martha for Drew 
 I got a call from Tino earlier today (right after our meeting on Pueblo) but could only talk to him for a few minutes before I had to jump off.  I did let him know that Kevin or Lorraine would be calling to talk about info that we need to complete our analysis of the economics.  He also let me know that they are looking at another power plant project in the SW Power Pool and want to discuss with us.  Thanks. 
 Maybe he's my long lost granddad!  DF 
 Maria, please take a look at this list of "Reference Entities" and the attached memo.  I doubt we have any reason to knock out any of the listed entities based on legal controversies, etc., but its worth a check .  From the attached memo, it looks like a more likely reason to disqualify an entity would be credit problems or some other commercial issue.  I'm in a bind today and out the rest of the week so it would be helpful if you could pick this ball up in my absence.   Please get back to me and Mike with the results of your analysis.  Thanks.  DF 
 I finally stumbled over something that forced me to get my shit together and update my email addresses on you guys.  Its been a strong couple of weeks for the merchant storage business!  First you guys (and FERC) finally put the last nail in CNG and Penn Fuels' coffins on Tioga, then old Larry,John and Dill finally dust off Lodi and get going!  Wow!  I shouldn't have joined the evil empire quite so fast!  Seriously, congratulations on starting construction up in PA.  I ran into my old law partner Hill out in DC last week and got a great update on the recent battles against those drips at CNG and Penn Fuel.  Siggy, what are you going to do without Carol Lynn to fight with?????  Best wishes for continued success!  DF 
 When you guys settle on a name for NewCo, please let me know and also call Lillian Bailey at Corp.  Her # is 33577.  Thanks. df 
 OK.  DF 
 Congratulations!  Sounds like the merchant storage business has had a good couple of weeks with you guys clearing your environmental hurdles and the Tioga guys finally starting construction!  I may have acted rashly in joining the evil empire--should have jumped into the storage business instead!  Tom, are you the point guy for marketing the project?  I'd like to hook you up with our Transwestern marketing guys on possible deals to backstop Transwestern's "Park and Ride" service.  We are currently authorized by FERC to use PG&E market center service for that purpose, but I suspect firm or interruptible Lodi service  would be better suited for what we need.  Best wishes for continued success! 
 No, not that I know of.  I've never met the western Fossum, but I do know the guys who own Western Hub pretty well--John Strom and Larry Bickle.  If we have any interest in this project or other merchant storage in California, these are the guys to deal with as they have mapped about 90% of the state looking for salt or other storage plays. 
 I'm OK on this, with one small change.  Please add "/MMBtu" after "$.08" in paragraph 3.  I just want it clearer that the 8 cent rate is per unit as utilized.  Thanks. DF 
 Got a call from Dennis out of the blue this afternoon.  He's pretty gung ho, and also alluded to several other projects he's got on the front burner (gas-fired power deals).  He had met again with some DOE folks in DC about the power contract and feels it is 70-80% locked in.  Have you ever known a project developer who would admit to less than 70-80% odds???  I look forward to talking on Tuesday.  DF 
 As I understand the situation, Plains and Tri-State have indicated their intent to close the merger.  Tim's best intelligence is that a June 1 closing date is the best they can hope for and it may be late June or later.  Also, until the deal actually closes, there is always a small chance it could come undone.  If we get Gallup in service May 1, we have a 1 month or greater bust between our in service date and the date the cheap electric rate kicks in. Has Courtney got this covered?  I suspect he's been thrashing around so much on locking in the swap that it hasn't been on his radar screen.  I think we should formally notify ECS that we expect them to negotiate a favorable interim power deal to cover the gap between our in service date and the merger closing.  (the difference between the $.038 and .067 rate was about $200,000/ month as I recall, so this is worth some real $$$)  Also, we ought to remind Courtney that he is still obligated to find a better deal for us if the merger goes south for some reason.  I drafted a letter  awhile back that could be updated for this purpose.  Susan, assuming Steve and company agree, could you follow up on this (I'm having Martha email it to you).  The contract requires us to notify ECS by March 1.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks Lynn!  DF   Lynn Blair                02/25/2000 01:49 PM 
 pls make sure this is done on my machine.  Thanks DF 
 OK?  Is the per unit rate for the Cal Border deliveries kosher on a firm contract?  DF 
 I've talked to Lee Ferrell about this, and it sounds to me like there are serious business reasons (i.e., cost and functionality) not to use the ENA system.  THe "sharing of resources" issue worries me, but might be solvable if the right people are in Networks instead of ENA.  I'll call you tomorrow. DF 
 One more piece of info.  I'll call you shortly.   Thanks.  DF 
 George, sorry I disappeared for a few days.  I'm back at the ranch now and eager to talk--please give me a call at 402-398-7449 at your convenience. I'm in and available after 3:30 today and basically all day tomorrow.  After that, Monday and Tuesday are relatively infested with meetings and I head out on a short vacation on Wed.  I look forward to talking to you.  DF 
 ???  What rumor was this press release responding to?  What did you do to= =20 drive the stock price down by $5?  I don't hear nuthin in Omaha so you've= =20 gotta keep me plugged in!  DF 
 I suspect that the answer lies in Mary Kay Miller's or Julia White's areas, or both.  Mary Kay and Julia, who is the best person to go to to find the monthly sales MDQ from 88 through the end of the merchant service?  I suspect that Glen or Bob could point us toward the monthly aggregate purchase data during that same period (Britt--wasn't this was provided in discovery prior to the first trial?).  I think we are still working on the %Mertzon purchases were of the total--Kathy Ringblom please grab me in the morning on this. Thanks all.  DF 
 Yup, went over to the dark side.  On the power plant, I've got a couple of guys you need to talk to.  Steve Harris is VP of marketing at TW, and Kevin Hyatt is his right hand guy.  Steve is at 713-853-1796 and I'm not sure what Hyatt's # is.  Give me a call and I'll tell you what I can about what we're doing to help site power plants.  When did you go out-house?  I don't think I've run into you since you were running around with Shoneman.  Adios, DF. 
 Looks OK to me.  Are you sure the SW Gas point is a primary point for some of the Gallup shippers?  I didn't remember that.  If others are ok also, go for it.  Thanks. df 
 The following is a memo from accounting containing some new accounting codes you should be aware of.  I should warn you that your timesheets must be approved by your supervisor; therefore, Code 5604 should not be used.    It has come to our attention recently that many  of you have been turning in timesheets that specify large amounts of  "Miscellaneous? Unproductive Time" (Code 5309). To our  department, unproductive time isn't a problem. What is a problem, however, is  not knowing exactly what you are doing during your unproductive time.  Attached below is a sheet specifying a tentative extended job code list based  on our observations of employee activities.  The list will allow you  to specify with a fair amount of precision what you are doing during your  unproductive time. Please begin using this job code list immediately and let  us know about any difficulties you encounter.  Thank  you, Accounting. Attached: Extended Job Code List Code Number  Explanation ---------- ----------- 5316 Useless Meeting 5317  Obstructing Communications at Meeting 5318 Trying to Sound Knowledgeable  While in Meeting 5319 Waiting for Break 5320 Waiting for Lunch 5321  Waiting for End of Day 5322 Vicious Verbal Attacks Directed at  Coworker 5323 Vicious Verbal Attacks Directed at Coworker While Coworker is  Not Present 5393 Covering for Incompetence of Coworker Friend 5394  Blaming Incompetence of Coworker Who is Not a Friend 5400 Trying to Explain  Concept to Coworker Who is Not Interested in Learning 5401 Trying to  Explain Concept to Coworker Who is Stupid 5402 Trying to Explain Concept to  Coworker Who Hates You 5481 Buying Snack 5482 Eating Snack 5500 Filling  Out Timesheet 5501 Inventing Timesheet Entries 5502 Waiting for Something  to Happen 5503 Scratching Yourself 5504 Sleeping 5510 Feeling  Bored 5600 Complaining About Lousy Job 5601 Complaining About Low  Pay 5602 Complaining About Long Hours 5603 Complaining About Coworker (See  Codes #5322 & #5323) 5604 Complaining About Boss 5605 Complaining  About Personal Problems 5640 Miscellaneous Unproductive Complaining 5701  Not Actually Present At Job 5702 Suffering From Eight-Hour Flu 6102  Ordering Out 6103 Waiting for Food Delivery to Arrive 6104 Taking It Easy  While Digesting Food 6200 Using Company Resources for Personal Profit 6201  Stealing Company Goods 6202 Making Excuses After Accidentally Destroying  Company Files 6203 Using Company Phone to Make Long-Distance Personal  Calls 6204 Using Company Phone to Make Long-Distance Personal Calls to  Sell Stolen Company Goods 6205 Hiding from Boss 6206 Gossip 6207  Planning a Social Event (e.g. vacation, wedding, etc.) 6210 Feeling Sorry For  Yourself 6211 Updating Resume 6212 Faxing Resume to Another  Employer/Headhunter 6213 Out of Office on Interview 6221 Pretending to  Work While Boss Is Watching 6222 Pretending to Enjoy Your Job 6223  Pretending You Like Coworker 6224 Pretending You Like Important People When  in Reality They are Jerks 6238 Miscellaneous Unproductive Fantasizing 6350  Playing Pranks on the New Guy/Girl 6601 Running your own Business on Company  Time (See Code #6603) 6602 Complaining 6603 Writing a Book on Company  Time 6611 Staring Into Space 6612 Staring At Computer Screen 6615  Transcendental Meditation 7281 Extended Visit to the Bathroom (at least 10  minutes) 7400 Talking With Divorce Lawyer on Phone 7401 Talking With  Plumber on Phone 7402 Talking With Dentist on Phone 7403 Talking With  Doctor on Phone 7404 Talking With Masseuse on Phone 7405 Talking With  House Painter on Phone 7406 Talking With Personal Therapist on Phone 7419  Talking With Miscellaneous Paid Professional on Phone 7931 Asking Coworker to  Aid You in an Illicit Activity 8000 Recreational Drug Use 8001  Non-recreational Drug Use 8002 Liquid Lunch 8100 Reading e-mail 8101  Distributing humorous e-mails 
 Cindy, attached is a memo to Stan on the Conoco case.  He had asked for this analysis to help him prepare for the March 29 mediation.  Please print this up for Stan and let me know if anything goes haywire with the memo.  Thanks. DF 
 Interesting idea!  Hopefully we can find a simpler approach, but I don't see any inherent problem with something like that if it seems to make the most financial sense.  Thanks. df 
 STEAKS?  We got em--stay at our joint and eat big meat 3 times daily.  I've got the grill set up so I can flip steaks while sitting in the hot tub drinking beer--its sort of like that Yahoo TV commercial where the sad eskimo family radically changes their lifestyle by ordering the grill and hot tub off the web.  DF 
 Susan, MKM's got some good questions about this.  I'm still nervous as a cat about the deals, so please give me a call Mon. AM and let me know what you know about the scheduling priority and how it has changed now that this is an LFT deal.  DF 
 Christmas pics?  Didn't you get the Christmas card with pics?  We shouldn't have outsourced the mail room function--quality control has gone to hell. Come to Omaha and hang out for a couple of days and I'll give you some pics in person!  DF 
 Steve!  I was sorry to hear that you have been out sick and generally having a hard time.  Hope you are feeling better and that it is nothing serious. The rumor is that the most likely cause of your headaches is you colleagues. No surprise there!  Adios, DF 
 I think we both ought to (and the shippers as well if someone can talk them into filing).  We aren't a shipper but we do get happy customers and maybe even more throughput from the deal, so we clearly have a legitimate interest in expedited treatment.   DF 
 Great--thanks for the thorough work.  DF 
 pls print w/email.  thanks df 
 Sorry, I forgot to answer your last question.  I think its fine to send the documents out to Hanover.  Even if some of the blanks are not filled in, we can get their lawyers looking at the structure.  DF 
 First question:  "yes."  Maria, please draft something up for Mike.  Second question: "your call."  Maria or I could be available if you think it would be productive.  If they are going to get into any deal structure issues, or any questions on the documents, its probably a good idea.  DF 
 Great!  Pull the trigger on both.  I'll let MKM know that both docs are strokes of genius.  Go ahead and get the op control agreement signed by relevant parties and sent to the proper place.  Gracias and good work!  DF 
 Yes--I just need the part that deals with that guy's attempt to jack up the price of the power line or plant before selling it to Mon. Power.  Thakks.  DF 
 Gracias.  DF 
 Sorry to hear that.  Please convey my disappointment and hopes that all is well with Mark and his clan.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 Lets defer to MKM's group on whether to seek a waiver on this.  I don't see any real value to us of solving Mewbourne's problems for them.  DF 
 This shouldn't impact ET&S since it is limited to Louisiana, but I've routed it to our commercial people for a quick double check.  If you don't hear from me by Monday, ET&S is OK.  Thanks.  DF 
 I don't see any problem with this transaction since it appears to be limited to Louisiana assets, but the issue of whether we are impacted by the noncompete agreement strikes me as a commercial call.  Please let me know if you have any problem with the transaction and I will pursue it.  Thanks.  DF 
 I didn't have a chance to really study the draft, but it looked good to me. go for it.  Thanks.  DF 
 It did in fact keep me up half the night but I did in fact remember it. Akamai Technologies.  Not sushi, not teriaki, just Akamai.  More value-added service from the legal dept.  DF 
 Note new cost limits for building laterals within our existing blanket authorization (i.e., without seeking a specific certificate).  The $$ is probably still not high enough to give us ability to build the whole project, but it may give us some flexibility.  Thanks MKM. Also, has any one heard from Tino or Dennis in the last week or so?  I left Tino some voicemails on a question he had left for me, and the name of the Enron windmill guy, but haven't heard back.  Do we need to schedule a follow-up meeting with them to talk about turbine availability and regulatory options, etc? DF 
 pls print.  thanks. Df 
 pls print asap.  thanks. DF 
 pls print for my wed. mtg.  thanks. df 
 Sorry you weren't able to join my hunting boondoggle in SoDak!  It was epic. Lots of birds (the wild variety, not pen raised and tied down like at Pheasant Haven!)  We saw literally 1500-2000 birds over three days of hunting, and limited out every day.  Got my first double--two shots, two birds, nothun' but net.  You gonna be at the mgt conf?  I'd love to get caught up with you and share some new tales of woe from the pipeline group.    PS, I met Angie Green yesterday--very sharp young lady.  She said to say hi to you and Nicole.  Adios.  DF 
 Has the old adversary adopted an "if you can't beat em, join em" strategy?  I noticed that CNG is planning to build some high deliverability storage.  More competition is always a problem, but at least that is a vindication of the MHP strategy.  I noticed Vaina was quoted in the trade press.  Is he the man on Tioga now?  DF 
 I just talked to Frank about my revised draft of the rehearing request. Susan, you will be pleased to learn that he has successfully talked me out of starting world war 3 with the FERC.  I've asked Frank (and Steve) to massage the draft to avoid a frontal challenge to FERC's disclosure policies and then to work with you to get it finalized. The plan is to carve out a limited exception to the normal disclosure rules given that the Gallup case is over and there is  no pressing need for disclosure in advance of the normal discount report filing.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great.  The footnote issue scares me.   If we just use the same footnotes as a matter of convenience, we may have some flexibility.  DF 
 pls print wo attachments.  thanks. df 
 Pls RSVP "no" if necessary.  Thanks. 
 That was an interesting little conversation.  I came back down and looked for you guys but you had both split.  We should take a few minutes and plug John in on what happened at the end of that meeting when the power issues came up.  I'm somewhat surprised at Bill's reaction, but what the hell, now we can run with Cunningham, and we know MKM's pulse on Hubbard (and Bill's).  Pretty damn good end to the week, all things considered.  DF 
 Bummer.  Thanks for the quick answer.  The Maritimes case does give us at least a small foothold to use.  DF 
 Thanks for the report--glad it went over well.  DF 
 Susan's draft has inspired me to vent months worth of frustration at the Commission.  To save Susan from trying to translate my weird scribbles, I'm having Martha type up my vitriol.  Please hold off on detailed comments on Susan's draft unless you've already finished them.  I'll circulate a revised draft to you all later today.  In the mean time, Susan and Frank and Steve, are there not some cases in which the Commission has specifically granted confidential treatment of precedent agreements or discount agreements in expansion cases.  I know the bulk of authority is against us, but I seem to recall at least a few stray decisions where the Commission granted confid. treatment (even if only for a limited time).  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
 Here it is.  Thanks. DF 
 Are you going?  If so, I'll see you there.  DF 
 Per Louie Soldano, I called Dave Sinclair (GPG ROW) about whether we have any ability to negotiate a favorable right of way deal with the BNSF railroad. In Dave's experience, that is a nonstarter.  Apparently, a bunch of utilities, including us through Dave, have even formed a coalition to try to figure out how to get the railroads to be more cooperative.  If the RR owns its ROW outright (which many of the old railroads do out west) we might be able to condemn an easement by getting a FERC certificate.  In other words, the RR would be treated just like any other landowner.  If we did that, Dave thinks BNSF would treat it as a declaration of war.  Since our lines cross or parallel BNSF right of way all over the place from Topock to Duluth, that would be foolish.  I swore Sinclair to secrecy and told him what part of the world I was interested in and he thought we could probably stitch together private ROW without too much pain.  If the RR option doesn't pan out, we may want to suggest to Tino and Dennis that our ROW people can handle this.  Assuming we can't come up with some magic contact with the RR, I propose that, at the appropriate time,  we tell Dennis and Tino that the last 7 or 8 miles of ROW should be flagged as a potential problem that Enron can help resolve once we decide to go forward.  Other than the BNSF issue, I don't think we have any specific "to dos" or any specific comeback date to Dennis and Tino.  So what do you guys think should happen next?  DF 
 Can't make it.  Thanks.  DF    Virginia O'Neill  02/03/2000 02:29 PM 
 Cool.  Do we have any most favored nations problem when we start doing backhaul service or have we already crossed that bridge with the EFBH deal? DF 
 pls print thanks. dF  Also, pls send to ETS lawyers fyi.  Thanks. DF 
 How bout 1?  Thanks. DF 
 Well, there you have it.  We waited and we blew it.  What a bunch of dummies.  Next time someone calls and gives me a special deal thats only available for a limited time, I'll jump on it!   Kevin, please let me know what Steve, Bill, and Stan ultimately decide to do on this.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks. DF 
 How much time did you say you will have????  If you can get through  a tenth of that in 5 minutes, you are much quicker than I!  Also, in an amazing coincidence, your outline looks very similar to MKM's speech for the Canuck gas conference next week.  Good job on both!  DF 
 The problem is back.  For a while I couldn't send an email to the wrong Steve even if I tried, but now the computer's doing its own thing again.  I'll try to remember to use "steven" but my recollection is that that didn't always work either.  Thanks.  DF 
 I'm good on this.  DF 
 Are you coming?  I think I owe you a beer or two, and since it will be on my expense account, I don't mind paying up!  DF 
 ??????  I thought our folks had a pretty clear understanding of their respective jurisdiction and expertise.  Apparently not.  Lets talk about the specifics of this incident when I get back to the office.  Actually, I'll see you tomorrow Lou and maybe we can dial Dot in.  Thanks. DF 
 Its a railroad.  Now known as BNSFCN (Burlington Northern Santa Fe Canadian National).  DF 
 Mark, I understand we need to act very quickly once we have turned you loose to price the swap.  I think this is a Harris and Nelson call, so lets talk tomorrow.  I'll look at the contracts again to verify our risks in locking in before we are 100% sure we are going ahead with the project.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks.  DF 
 Attached is a draft of an "operational control agreement" designed to address the concerns stated in FERC's order approving the Gallup project.  We may or may not actually file it as part of the required compliance filing, but will describe it in detail in the "report" FERC ordered us to file.  The substantive terms track the language that is already in the O&M Agreement. Please give me or Susan a call with any questions or comments you may have. We expect to file this by I believe the 12th of Feb.  or so.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great!  We've got a meeting set for 9 am on Wed on the regulatory structure of the pipeline.  Also, I talked to Kevin and Tim separately today on the market research issue.  I think Tim could probably identify the specific electric rate PNM charges DOE at Sandia and DOD at Kirtland as well as the general tariff rate for large industrial service.  If we are lucky, there might be some info in PNM's last rate case on the discounted electric rates it gives specific large industrials (if any).  Obviously, any info on gas or elec. loads and rates would be useful.  Kevin, I told Tim you'd give him a call to convey further thoughts, but this is probably enough to get Tim started.  I got a call this afternoon from Tino.  He asked our help on right of way issues with BNSF.  Could Steve, Kevin or Lorraine take point on trying to find out if we or anyone within Enron has a good contact at BNSF that we could use?  Lets keep all such external contacts very discreet to avoid tipping PNM that Enron is involved.  Just in general on the confidentiality issue, Tim reminded me of an important date we all need to keep in mind--the current leglislative session in Santa Fe ends Feb. 17.  We need to be absolutely sure that we don't tip PNM off that we are talking to Langley before then so we don't get them interested in the leglislative fix we are supporting on the Plains-Tri State merger.  Tim believes PNM could spike that leglislative fix in a heartbeat if they wanted to.  That issue is real immediate dollars, so lets not let a future deal screw up a present deal (even a lawyer like me can figure out the cost benefit on that situation).  Tino had a new fact to work into the economics:  DOE has 6000MMBtu/d of pure gas load at Sandia in addition to elec. load.  No number yet on Kirtland gas load.  Also, Tino has heard that a guy named Jeff Sturba will likely replace Montoya at PNM before the end of the year.  Has anyone else heard that?  Do we know him?  I told Tino that one of us would give him a call back by the end of the week just to report in on our analysis.  At minimum, we can probably pass on the name of a contact at Enron Wind for Tino to bother on the windmill thing. Turned out that the wind pilot project is on the Rosebud reservation in S.D. and has nothing to do with the Albuquerque project anyway.  Sorry about the random message but thats how my brain is working today.  DF 
 FYI.  DF 
 No I'm not in bed.  Please print--I'll be in in an hour or so.  Thnaks.DF 
 For those of you who didn't have the patience/patriotism to listen to your president for the whole hour and a half last night, let me share a highlight:  Clinton announced a new $1 billion program for economic development on the reservations.  Langley may be onto something.  If he/we can get the first deal done in New Mexico and assuming Gore wins, there may be opportunities to replicate the deal elsewhere.  I'm thinking of tribal lands in Minnesota, Wisconsin, S. Dakota, etc.  Perhaps Bill should call Chairman Ken and talk to him about changing sides.  Notice that I'm not volunteering to make that phone call. DF 
 Re:  Dave Foti--this is what I was talking about.  He cranks out some pretty well thought out stuff.  DF 
 The truth comes out.   - MORONS1.GIF 
 Bummer.  Never hurts to ask.  I'll cycle on this and get back to you with= =20 follow up if any.  Thanks for your help on this.  DF=20 
 Me too.  Procrastination pays off again!  DF 
 I'd love to see us keep the capacity release upside above the discounted rate on all these deals but if we can't get it, we can't get it.  Approved.  DF 
 Thats weird, my computer just deleted the recipients from the email below. I'll try again--do you guys still work here?  DF 
 You guys probably don't remember this (I didn't until I checked the file) but there were a couple of exhibits to the Transwestern Gallup contracts that we left to be attached to the final contracts after execution.  My recollection is that we were in such a hurry to get the Compression Service Agreement signed and sent to FERC that we left a couple of these things to do later. Now that we have the FERC order, I want to get these contracts off my desk and off to Corporate Records or whereever original contracts go to die.   On my originals, I'm missing Exhibit B to the CSA (which is the CDEC Rate Schedule No. 21),  and Exhibits A and C to the O&M Agreement.  Susan, please coordinate with Gerald to get these exhibits in our respective files and we can send these contracts off to the central rathole and be done with it.  Thanks to you all.  DF 
 pls print asap.  thanks. dF 
 I'm heading to KC tomorrow for a meeting with Langley and Tino on some goofy project.  Funny thing is, now that he is sitting on $100 mm, I take everything he says pretty damn seriously!   If word gets out, expect another huge dive in ENE price.  DF 
 pls print w/memo.  thanks. DF 
 I agree with you that par. 4 doesn't give NMNG anything beyond what the tariff and general contract law gave them.  The "subject to agreement by Transwestern" language is redundant since the previous clause says " by mutual written agreement."  Additionally, its confusing and innacurate because the "provided, however, that" clause isn't even binding if we mutually agree to eliminate it.   I therefore think we ought to take par. 4 out, or at least remove the "provided however" clause.  I don't agree that we can only decrease their MDQ by using capacity release.  We can mutually agree to terminate their contract or reduce their MDQ without using cap. release. I suppose we would need to use cap. release if the termination or reduction of their MDQ was a sham designed to get the capacity from NMNG to another shipper, however.  I would propose one change to Par. 3 just to make the discount more clear. The par. talks about primary delivery points but is silent on primary receipts.  I'd add this, after the words "Appendix A" at the end of the current first sentence:  "and receipts at the primary points of receipt set forth on Appendix A.  The discounted rate shall also apply to receipts at alternate receipt points in Transwestern's East of Thoreau (EOT) area."  I'm a fan of being extremely clear when we limit availability of discounts, and think we should always fully explain what the discount applies to at both the receipt and delivery end of the deal.  Susan, please work with Christine to get these changes made.  I'd like to eliminate par. 4 entirely, but I can live with it if the business people want to leave it in, as long as we eliminate the "provided however" clause.   With these changes, I'm OK with the contract.  Thanks. 
 pls priint for my 2:00 mtg.  thanks . DF 
 pls print.  thanks 
 See ENE today?  Glad I didn't quit my day job.  DF 
 Ann would like to be rotated off.  Thanks.  DF 
 Pls review and give me your OK, then I'll respond to Christine.  Thanks. DF 
 You correctly predicted my reaction.  I think we should let sleeping dogs lie.  Also, was it just an oversight that the FERC ignored the unsold capacity that TW controls in evaluating how much of the available capacity that Enron controls?  That conclusion is good for us, if it was intentional. DF 
 Yes as to the question, and good idea on the reh. req.   I'm circulating a draft of the contract required for the compliance filing on the ECS issue this PM.  Thanks. DF 
 Great--I'd be happy to testify if the consensus is that it would help.  Go ahead and draft something up and we can talk soon.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 I wish.  As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were two primary reasons:  (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison, and, more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF  (its better to be lucky than good!) 
 I had assumed that the cost of service underlying the 11-1-99 rates was the most recent data we have handy, but I guess 
 Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from retirement.  Do you own any?  DF 
 I appreciate the message, Tom, and by this email am requesting that my clients give this some thought.  Either Mike or I will be back in touch with you shortly.  Thanks again!  DF 
 Do I need to do anything re: this?  Thanks. DF 
 Here is a good example of the problem to which your research project pertains.  This info. could be devastating in the next rate case ( or sooner) if disclosed.  How comfortable are we with our privilege arguments?  DF 
 Here is that email I told you about last night.  I'm sure Wall Street feels= =20 the same way about the pipeline group.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 I'd be happy to give you some specific feedback on this project.  I think you did a good job of bringing some focus to a project that badly needed focus. I was particularly pleased with how you vectored off from what started out as a computer system enhancement project and instead you brought home a solution that allows us to improve things immediately with manual processes and then upgrade to a system if we choose.  You showed a lot of creativity and flexibility in adapting to the changing project focus.  I really valued your thoroughness in getting input from all interested parties.  Your legwork up front made it a lot easier to get needed buy-in when we finally brought management in.  The product was timely and I expect it to deliver on my expectations, although the implementation will be the key.  Thanks again for the good work, and expect me to be a frequent customer.  DF 
 Inspiring letter.  My few changes attached. 
 I'm OK based on Susan's approval and with her one suggested change.  Thanks. DF 
 I hope you make it in and get this Mon. AM!  We missed you!  Please print and hand off to me so I can head it during Bill's mtg.  Adios.  DF 
 Are you shittin' me?  Do we do this every quarter?  DF 
 the former--an extension of the 15 day deadline on disclosing the prices 
 Lindy, if all FERC wanted is  a list and contacts, this looks fine.  If they wanted exact MDQ and usage numbers for each customer, let me know.  DF 
 Please follow up with Lou on this.  It sounds like something the commercial people would be in a good position to answer, so maybe start by finding out if they are already responding, either through Lou or otherwise.  Then get the right people to review and supplement this list.  Thanks. df 
 You guys are making us and our shareholders rich.  I hope you are having fu= n=20 doing it.  Keep up the good work!  DF 
 Now that the celebrating has died down, lets decide whether to seek rehearing or clarification of the order.  If there is anything in it that disadvantages us, we should consider rehearing, particularly since it is a nearly certain that our friends at SoCal will file a nasty one. (It might be good for Steve H. or Bill or whoever has the best relationship with SoCal to make a high level courtesy call to extend the olive branch and tell them that we'll work with them to minimize their concerns blah blah blah.  At minimum, we'll probably learn if they do intend to seek rehearing)  I see two things that may be worth seeking rehearing on:  1.  The requirement that we disclose our discount agreements in 15 days. FERC really punted this issue.  They say that "since the expansion capacity is fully subscribed we see no reason why Transwestern should not publicly disclose the agreements. . . . "  This is the first time I've heard of any rule that if your project is fully subscribed you therefore lose your right to confidential treatment of sensitive pricing info.  At minimum, we could argue that the requirement is arbitrary and capricious because FERC didn't even mention its normal regulations and procedures governing filing of discount reports.  It just cited the certificate regulation that requires an applicant to "file" its rate information with the Commission (which we did) and ignores the regulation (Sec. 284.7(c)(6)) that doesn't require a pipeline to publicly disclose its discounts until 15 days  after the close of the billing period to which the discount pertained.  The commercial people need to decide if we care about this issue--i.e., how upset will the customers with the high rates be when they learn about the low rates?    Also, Frank and Steve and Susan--since the order imposes a 15 day deadline on this issue, do we need to file for a stay first and then rehearing?  2.  The ECS issue. I think we can work around this for the Gallup project, by filing a report describing the operational control TW has under the O & M agreement.   I've talked to Mark Knippa of ECS and he is running the idea by Courtney and will get back to me today.  My real worry is what the "operational control" requirement does to our future outsourcing/ monetization projects.  I think ECS and Hanover need to have operational control over the assets in our other deals (i.e., TW compressor monetization) in order for both of us to get the accounting treatment we need to monetize the forward revenue streams.  If we agree that TW will keep absolute operational control on this deal, FERC will use it as precedent when we come in with the TW compression deal.  Arthur Anderson will crap on the monetization part of that deal (which is, after all, the whole point of doing it) if TW retains too much control over the asset.  I'm not sure how to solve this yet, but lets all put some thought into it.  3.  Any others???  I'll turf to MKM the question of whether we need to set up a meeting on this and when to chat.  DF 
 I thought Becky's draft answer to protests looked great.  Her mention of the amount of TW capacity held by the Indicated Shippers was an elegant touch. No changes.  Thanks.  DF 
 Check with Steve and Lorraine re: whether we should call their lawyer.  I don't want to call FERC except as a last resort.  Thanks. DF 
 Great--please send to MKM and other interested parties.  Thanks. DF 
 Ugh.  We'll keep working this angle if their new attorney shows up on deck, but I think Susan and I have done as much as can be done with Howard H.  Do any of you know what the Red Cedar facilities look like?  I.e. how many miles of line, any big diameter line, any compression, etc?  Howard must have read some old cases and gotten himself spooked that their facilites aren't gathering under the modified primary function test.  I'm not sure why he thinks signing a transport contract with us will make their situation any worse, but that seems to be his conclusion.  If Steve and Bill can't nudge Red Cedar's management into doing the deal, I'd suggest that you both or one of you ask Tsuri (sp?) to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard leaves, maybe with one of the Kinder Morgan lawyers on the phone also, and we'll try to straighten this out. 
 OK.  DF 
 no comments.  thanks. DF 
 Bill, attached is a memo prepared by Susan Scott that does a good job of answering the several questions that you had about the situation at Topock. Note that in Susan's first answer, PG&E has no obligation to Transwestern to accept gas at Topock.  They may well have obligations to their own transportation customers or sales customers that have to be satisfied with Topock receipts, but that doesn't give TW any rights against PG&E.  I realize these are not comforting answers, but I wanted us all to have a realistic understanding of where we are.  I'm running this by Lou in case he has a different spin on the history or the agreements.  Thanks. DF 
 Assuming we keep Arthur Anderson on board this afternoon and assuming Enron is still in the business of doing asset monetizations like this one (which better be the case since its in the TW 4th Q plan @$2.5 mm), the following things need to happen on roughly the following timetable:  1.  Mike talks to Hanover and we negotiate the price, specific contract language, etc.  (hopefully within 2-3 weeks of turning Mike loose?)  2.  Regulatory (assisted by Maria and me) flanges up the FERC abandonment filing and tees it up to file the minute Mike finalizes the deal with Hanover.  We haven't talked about this for a while, but the story we tell FERC has to acknowledge that the monthly O&M cost will be higher under our outsourcing deal than it currently is, if load factor and other operating assumptions remain constant.   That may be the key to our story line--we argue that outsourcing is necessary to creating flexibility in our cost structure to protect us and our ratepayors from market changes, gas flow changes, and capacity turnbacks.  The Compression Services Agreement, as it is currently drafted, has a two part demand-commodity rate.  Thus, if our throuput goes to pot on the segments where these outsourced compressors are, or if we have big capacity turnbacks, the outsource deal allows us to shed costs quickly.  Charlie's preliminary cost spreadsheets seem to me to support this strategy.  I'll talk to Maria and MKM's team about this.  Also, we need to be able to explain to explain that our deal is not all that new or radical.  It is just a tiny bit different from the many deals FERC has seen where compression or other services are outsourced from the get-go with new facilities.  For example, FERC allowed NNG to outsource compressor motor operation and ownership using ECS (and, by tomorrow, hopefully will allow TW to do the same at Gallup).  Florida has a similar deal, as well as intrastates like HPL.  Maria and I and MKM's folks need to turn over every rock to find examples of similary outsourcing that don't involve Enron.  We need to let FERC know that the outsourcing train has already left the station and we just want to jump on board.  3.  We get the abandonment order in the 4th Q and do the deal.  (Will we have the chance to do some more schmoozing and lobbying of FERC folks before we file--i.e., at a prefiling conference???)  See how easy these deals are when you use assumptions to eliminate the many problems! 
 memo 
 Great--looks like a good start at working through this project.  I've got a couple of thoughts, questions, etc. that I'd like to discuss with you all before we get back to Tino with any kind of preliminary response:  1.  What is our pulse on a project that ramps up slowly to full utilization? This deal will not be 100% subscribed for several years (optimistically) as it is designed to gain market share from a combination of market growth and bypass of existing GCNM customers (and new power generation load, but that part of Tino's story needs more thinking).  The rates on the attached spreadsheet would provide full cost recovery only after the project is fully subscribed, right?  We need to think about the economics of this thing in terms of deferring and recovering in the out years the revenue shortfalls in the early years.  Has GPG ever done deals like that?  2.  On the GCNM discounting issue, it seems we need at least three data points to understand our risks: a.  What do GCNM's current discounts look like? b.  How much more aggressively could GCNM discount in the future if they had to to avoid bypass?   (i.e., are there regulatory or political constraints on increased discounts?) c.   Will the big industrial loads stick with the low cost provider if GCNM tries to undercut the project, or will they be willing to pay a little more just to assure that a new pipeline gets built into their backyard?  3.  Assuming we don't have the risk appetite to get in on a project like this, how do we positiion ourselves to be the preferred upstream pipeline for Langley's project?  I assume that if neither TW nor El Paso partner with Langley he'll interconnect with both.  Do we already have or can we create any kind of competitive advantage under that scenario?  4.  Is the right of way that Langley has negotiated really all that valuable?  From Lorraine's memo, it seems that the issue of which route is best is half baked at best.  If that's all Dennis brings to the table (not counting his big bag of $$$$), does a deal with him really make sense?  I'm sure there are a lot of other issues we need to discuss, but these are the first that come to mind.  Please give me a call when you get together to discuss this as I'd like to be involved in how we respond to Tino and Dennis.  Thanks. DF 
 Pls handle this.  Thanks. DF 
 Please print memo and attachment.  thanks. Df 
 Congratulations to you both!  Your designation as V.Ps. is richly deserved! Just among us "constrained technical" people, however,  couldn't they have come up with a better description of our category?  It makes us sound like we are deficient in something other than just career choice!  See you soon--beers are on me!  DF 
 Here is the info from AA.  Talk to you at 4.  Thanks. DF 
 There is obviously a distinction between their situation and ours.  I just don't know what it is yet.  DF 
 Three things--first, Bill Cordes confirmed that the $200,000 O&M contributi= on=20 ET&S law already agreed to is the item mentioned in Bill's memo I forwarded= =20 to you Friday.  In other words, he doesn't expect an incremental contributi= on=20 from us. =20  Second, Mike--Martha is out sick today so perhaps we can talk to the ladies= =20 as a group tomorrow.  Please let me know. =20  Finally, the ethics test.  I say all 4 of us check out this thing in Belize= . =20 I volunteer Eric to give the speech (my espanol not good).  =20 
 Please print this memo and attachment for me--I couldn't get it to print. Thanks  DF 
 Carmen, please print out memo and attachment.  Thanbks. DF 
 Lets talk about this tomorrow--obviously this changes the facts somewhat.  DF 
 What's the basis--do you currently use a laptop? 
 Great!  i'll see you there.  DF 
 Carmen--please print these up for me.  thanks. DF 
 Lou, I agree with your legal analysis.  Susan confirmed for me that the TW tariff has no specific PCB limit and I think your analysis is accurate on how FERC or the courts would react to the  "toxic substances" language that is in there.  Please go ahead and get back to Bill and report your conclusions, with my endorsement if that adds any value (perhaps the value of another neck in the noose).  Also, it is worrysome that PG&E has an argument that any dollars they spend on Southwest must be reimbursed by TW under our agreement.  They might feel free to pour money on Southwest to keep them happy, even if Southwest doesn't put much pressure on PG&E and as a customer relationship strategy , in the belief that it is Enron money they are playing with.  Can we do anything to keep PG&E honest on this?  Given all of the above,  is it our strategy to continue to manage this Southwest Gas problem as best we can as part of the broader PG&E problem? 
 I think you have a conflict for that one, but I understand you are available for the March 14-5 one!  DF 
 Thanks for the opportunity.  I'm V.P. and General Counsel of Enron Transportation and Storage, and its operating companies, Northern Natural Gas Co. and Transwestern Pipeline Co.  I'm stationed in Omaha, Nebraska.  I practiced law in D.C. for 12 years before FERC and other state and federal regulatory agencies and the courts.  As for objectives, I'd like to see the group facilitate dialogue and work toward consistency on regulatory strategy, as well as serve as a forum for sharing practical "best practices" experience Enron people have gained around the world.  I look forward to meeting you! DF 
 Re:  ENA El Paso deal.  The trade press is having a heyday with the "anticompetitive" angle.  Lets talk.  DF 
 Thanks for the tip last night!  I called and ragged around my thieving ins. company this morning and they are going to cough up some serious insurance for me and Sandra at suuper-cheap pre XXX prices.  Cool.  My only concern at this point is that my over-insured status may create undesirable incentives for the little ladies in my life (the dreaded "worth more dead than alive syndrome"!)  Adios amigo!  DF 
 Per discussions with Susan Scott, I am on board with the original language routed on this contract.  DF 
 OK?   DF 
 The easiest way would be to delay the closing until January.  Is there a reason we can't do that?  DF 
 Please give me a sign off if this is OK.  Thanks DF 
 Oh shoot, now that we know what "NESA" is, there probably isn't any reason to go to the seminar!  DF 
 Thats what we want Stuart to go and find out.  Kim and Martha--do you think it makes sense (i.e., cost benefit ratio) to send Stuart or should one of you guys go?  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 Here are the draft handouts for tomorrow's meeting with Stan.  Please channel any comments or questions to Steve Kirk so he and Martha can get a final set to me in Houston before the 1:30 meeting.  (Martha--pls get the final version to me through Steve Harris and I'll get a copy for Stan.) 
 OK.  DF 
 Thanks and happy holidays!  Sorry we couldn't make it yesterday.  DF 
 Your recollection is correct.  However, I got the disturbing sense that FERC would have pounded NGPL for setting the recouse rate a penny higher than the negotiated rate reserve price.  Lets talk MOn. on whether we are still OK on the ENA deal.  Thanks. DF 
 I read Wednesday's NGPL order (RP00-18-002) as applying only to NGPL due to their unique restrictions and tariff rules.  I do not read it as forcing the rest of the industry (i.e., us) to use the floor rate as the reserve price for negotiated index rate bids and ordinary recourse rate bids.  I think we can still determine the reserve price on a prearranged deal like the ENA deal based on our good faith valuation of the upside provided by the index mechanism.  I.e., on that type of deal, we can determine that the index mechanism is worth "x cents" to us and require a discounted recourse rate bidder to bid more than the floor plus x cents to win.  Agreed?  Note that NGPL whined that the unique rules they are subject to place them at a competitve disadvantage to the rest of the industry (i.e., us) on this issue.  The commission didn't say anything about that, implying to me that the rest of us are still free to do what NGPL cannot do.   DF 
 Interesting.  I'll work with MKM and Maria on getting answers to AA's questions and comments.  I think we can eliminate the specific cross references between the two agreements, but is that the real problem or is AA going to choke on our execution of both agreements with the same party? (that's a tough one to wire around, if it is their real concern).  Thanks.  DF 
 Looks good to me--I think you ought to have them file it asap.  Then we need to get a couple of additional shippers to respond to Edwards' thing.  DF 
 Actually, Mike, the cost benefit for you guys is pretty good since the hassle is mostly on the legal and regulatory folks where it belongs!   Seriously, the quarterly FERC filing I mentioned needs to be done anyway as I understand it because we use it to apprise FERC of various changes in our compliance. Since Rich's folks out there don't ordinarily have access to "confidential transportation related information" except maybe for occasional advance info on operational problems or outages, there shouldn't be much need for training or risk of accidental disclosures.  There is no filing fee or other out of pocket cost, and we are, as always,  eager to help with any deals that might bring some value to ET&S or Corp.  (and who knows how valuable a little sucking up to EES might be in the long run!?) .  Just let us know what you decide to do and we'll get the paperwork done.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 If the cost savings are worth a little bit of hassle, we can do this.  We'll need to make a FERC filing by the end of the 1st Q 2000 to identify the "shared facilities."  Also, if you decide to go forward, don't do it until 1-1-2000 so we don't have to scramble to get the info in front of FERC this quarter.  Let me and Maria know what you decide to do and we'll arrange a briefing on the specific rules to be aware of and we'll make sure we understand the situation fully so we can properly disclose to FERC what is up.  Please call with any questions. Thanks.  DF 
 I think we can tell Rich yes, but please confirm that for me.  thanks.  DF 
 Please review this final draft at your earliest convenience and get back to Britt or me with your comments.  Thanks.  Martha, please print it out for me.  Thanks. DF 
 pls delete Dorothy's name from the Form 3 and replace it with mine and put in the dates from 1-1-99--12-31-99.  Please print me about 15 of each blank form .  Thanks.   DF 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 Yeah, and heth goth  a lisp.   Missed you at the Bay-Bash on Friday.  A lot of fun!  Adios.  DF 
 Please take a look at this response.  I'm reviewing Mike's draft answers from last week and would like to forward to Britt and Barrett all the input we have by noon or so.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm good with Maria's changes.  Thanks both.  DF 
 I don't know who Frank Bayouth is, but the computer said it was unable to send my little missive to him.  I'll try again and see if it recognizes you. DF 
 Q:  What has ECI done for me lately?  A:  Forced me to get new business cards.  Thanks a lot.  DF 
 Thanks Brian.  I'd delete ", oil and gas pipeline" and replace it with "utility" at the end of line 3 to make it a bit broader.  Also, I've run this by Lou and Dot for their input.  If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.   Thanks.  df 
 Is it appropriate for a conference sponsor to use our name like this??? They've twisted our attendence into something approaching an endorsement. Should we send a nasty letter?  df 
 Great.  I've put in a couple of minor changes--pls crank out a clean (non redlined) copy and email it back to me.  For now, lets take out the sentence indicating Sempra's agreement.  Also, delete the privilege header.  I want Georgetta to have a clean copy she can circulate internally in her shop.  In my cover email to her I'll suggest the sentence I'd like to be able to include.  MKM and others--please let me know if I'm good to go on sending this to Georgetta.  Thanks.  df 
 Hey, give me a number where Sandra can reach Merrilee--she got a lead from a friend on a Dis. 66 house.  DF 
 Did we ever look at that storage project up near Sacramento?  I think its called Lodi.  I heard today that El Paso may be close to buying it.  Why would they buy an intrastate, CPUC-regulated storage project??  Maybe to backstop their generation portfolio??  df 
 no--golf's great!  df 
 A couple of issues strike me as particularly important to report on tomorrow: (1) the TW train wreck--possible insurance coverage and strength of any claim against the railroad.  We ought to talk to Lou to make sure we have the latest info as I haven't talked to him since Thursday.  (2)  Status of possible litigation involving OneOk.  I don't think anyone has reported to Stan on the threatening noise from ONeOk about Praxair's rejection of the OneOk force majeure letter.  I'm sure MKM (or Dan on her behalf) will report that we are getting the strangers contract ready to send out, but she may not mention the Winston conversation with Charlie Graham.  I'll check the bullets again to see if anything else jumps out.  Talk to you at 8:30.  DF 
 Hey I'm watching your fair city on the tube--I suppose you are at the NCAA final.  I'm stuck down here in Houston again--been down here at least 3 days every week for a month.  Sandra digs it--at least I'm out of her face.  She was down here last week with me for 3 days looking at schools and houses with the 3 girls.  That car was full of bitching, whining and crying.  And the kids got a little cranky too.  Gonna come and visit us???  We'll probably move in August--bring your dad's pickup and you can help!  What a great time to move when its 200 degrees and the fire ants and poisonous lizards are in full frenzy.  Ugh.  We've gotta hook up with you guys before then.  We're out for Easter week, but we'll need a quick road trip eventually.  It would also be cool if you guys want to come down--Omaha would seem like Cancun after the winter you've had!  Take care dude. DF 
 I had the IT guys reschedule my outlook migration.  They should call you tues.  How about doing it wed night when I'm on a plane?  thanks df 
 pls follow up on this.  I can't remember if I've rsvpd or not. thanks.  df 
 Got lunch plans?  Lets talk about this at 12:30--my joint.  (I'll buy) df 
 Sorry, I read the other email first--you guys have me covered quite well.  I think the staff meeting formerly known as Mikes is on Tuesday Mar. 3, right Emily??  I didn't have anything on my calendar on the 12th.  Emily, you might want to send an email around reminding everyone of the Mar. 3 all-lawyers meeting and the secretary meeting just in case some people are assuming I'll schedule mine at different times.  Thanks all. 
 Lou--could you cover the Derrick meeting on the 12th if Dot is stuck on a hanging jury?    Again, I expect to be on the phone from Cal., but would like one of you guys on also in Houston in case of telecom screwups (which follow me whereever I go).  Thanks.  df 
 This sounds great--I take it that they are still seeking interconnects with us and El Paso, but it sounds like an FT agreement for most or all of their MDQ may be likely.  Super.  df 
 pls print for me--I can't access a printer.  thanks df 
 Are we still considering adding ETS-owned generation at one or more of the TW compressor stations in Arizona or NM?  In case that is still a possibility, let me pass on something we may want to follow up on.  I called an old law partner of mine from DC who is now in the generation development business this week to have lunch and catch up.  This guy says he has come up with a good formula for getting new generation built fast and cheap.  He's got an 80mw nameplate simple cycle project (two frame 6 turbines) under development in Utah that he started development on a month ago and is projected to go in service on July 1.  Pretty quick work compared to other projects I've seen. Here's his racket:  1.  He gets used, first quality turbines that have been well maintained.  His Utah turbines are something like 2 year old GE units that he bought from Tokyo Electric (he said they had 4000 hours on them and were maintained in typical electric utility gold plated style).  He didn't say, but I suspect there is no warranty on the units.  Obviously, this isn't a bold new strategy, but this guy claims to have a good handle on available used equipment.  2.  His siting/permitting strategy is to use "brownfield" sites--i.e., existing industrial or utility infrastructure is there along with some existing air emissions sources.  His Utah site is at the Magnesium Corp. of America plant on the Great Salt Lake. Magcorp is an ex-client of mine and I know it is a huge emissions source and has no Nimby issues.  Our compressor sites, in contrast, are not major emissions sites but may have some other things in common with this strategy.  3.  Here's a mysterious one--he says the financing is backstopped by the site owner (Magcorp in his project, potentially us if we do a TW project) but the corporate structure he has designed results in the power plant being treated as a non-controlled, non-affiliated entity for air permitting purposes.  That means the power plant emissions are not treated as part of the same emissions source as the host/site.  I'm not sure how/whether this works in a TW scenario, but it might be worth looking at.  We'd need to make sure that any power plant deal we chase doesn't screw up the timetable on the RedRock expansion application at FERC.  MKM--if we could preserve the "separate source" concept for air permitting purposes, could we even start work on developing a power project soon or would we be better off to wait until we have a FERC certificate in hand??  Let me know if there is anything worth pursuing on this.  I'm having lunch with this guy on Mon. and will probably learn more.  The thing he is proudest of is that given the low permitting cost and relatively cheap cost of installed capacity, the project is expected to pay for itself in TWO MONTHS and then generate 100% upside.  Sounds good to me if its real.  DF 
 That's a better idea.  df 
 Great--please make one change for me--change  "influence it" to "comment on it"  at the end of the first par. of B.  thanks DF 
 This may be a good idea, but lets not forget that BP is the entity formerly known as "BP Amoco" which, if I'm not mistaken, is the home of Jeff Hooligan.  That guy sees evil in every pipeline deal,a nd may not have even known that his commercial people were doing deals with TW.  I'd like to think that the commercial people at BP have more clout than Hooligan and Kathy Edwards, but I wouldn't bet the ranch on that.  df 
 I've asked Fran to reschedule this--sorry.  df 
 Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily).  I'll be in Houston this Monday so just come to my office at 8:30 if you are both here.  Dot, pls cover the staff meeting on Monday, April 9 as I'll be on vacation.  Also, pls cover the Derrick large GC meeting at 9:00 am on April 12 as I'll be at NN's Keyex meeting in Cal.  (I may be able to call in to this but would like you to cover anyway in case something goes haywire). Thanks df 
 I had a prior obligation at lunch on Mon.  We need to reschedule the Leadership Dev. mtg.  Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time? Sorry, I know I've disrupted this twice n ow!  I'm good for lunch on Wed if that would work for everyone.  df 
 Here are the stray facts I mentioned: Sulfur River system:  1200 miles of gathering in East Texas and some treating/processing approx. 170 mmcf/d of throughput currently; significant growth expected from new drilling [?] EBITDA:  $40mm/yr Rex Kouri (sp?) is the founding equity in Sulfur River  (I haven't heard of him, but they acted like I should have) An outfit named "Energy Spectrum" put $30 mm in equity into Sulfur River a few years ago and thinks now would be a good time to cash out $90 mm in debt $1/mmbtu gath/proc. margins The guys I talked to said the Sulfur River assets, coupled with the Koch upstream assets in the area, would make an interesting combined play. Koch was asking $200 mil. for their gathering assets a year ago or so--I don't know if its the exact set of assets that Pat and Jerry were suggesting we'd want to include in the package.  The two guys involved are Pat Keeley, of Friedman Billings and Ramsay in DC and Jerry Langdon (the ex-FERC Commissioner), who is an investor/dealmaker. Let me know if you want me to get these guys to come in and pitch this deal to you/your team.  Reminder--Langdon is talking to Stan on the 10th on EOTT and he may bug Stan about this stuff, so it may be good to get to Stan first.  DF 
 pls get the Quarter Forecast Meeting on my schedule.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I could see accruing $100,000 for legal fees on the ONeOk arbitration--which will be concluded in May.  We could also reserve against OneOk's counterclaim--which is about $4 million.  We expect a final arbitration decision 15 days after close of the hearing which should be well within the 2d quarter.  We may decide to use post-hearing briefs, however, which might push the decision into the third quarter.  Let me know if either of these is worth pursuing.  DF 
 Tell him I'm already migrated to Windows 2000, but that they just havent' put outlook on it yet. Maybe that will help.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 FYI.. This will be one of the topics this pm.  DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Great.  DF 
 Thanks Jean!  Emily--sounds like it will happen soon.  DF 
 Congratulations Adam, and welcome to ETS to both of you!!  You guys may not have heard this, but Mike Moran is retiring and I'm taking over for him as general counsel of the ETS organization.  Does this all mean that I'm your lawyer again just like in the old Zond days???  Weird.  Good luck and best wishes!  DF 
 I will be at Derrick's meeting in San Anton. all day (but would rather be at Dot's!)  DF 
 for my schedule 
 Sorry to take so long--Denise Lagesse of our group has graciously volunteered to represent us on this effort.  Please call me directly if you need my input or if I can do anything else to help.  Thanks Denise.  df 
 Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.  DF  All:  Please take a look at this article.  El Paso's inartful internal documents are creating the same kind of fun for them that Microsoft had during the recent antitrust unpleasantness.  I know that we can't control the way people think about issues such as market behavior, price strategy, etc. We can, however, remind ourselves and our clients to be very precise and careful in the way we talk about, and particularly, write about, such issues.  I'd like each of us and our clients to keep problems like El Paso's and Microsoft's in mind when we put pen to paper or fingers to keyboard. Thanks.  df 
 Thanks--I appre ciate your willingness to help.  One thought Dot had is that it might make sense to use someone (i.e., Denise or Ja) who does the actual entry of payables into SAP.  Do you do any of that stuff directly on SAP? Stop by and grab me for a minute and we'll decide who to use for this.  df 
 I think we do say that in the "to the extent we didn't get binding bids for all of the capacity" sentence.  With that clarification, I think we ought to get this posted and the letters out to shippers.  Susan--make it so. Thanks.  df 
 Ugh.  Do we need to say "from storage inventory" or can we just mention gas sales?  I seem to recall that we already discussed that and the accountants wanted to mention the source of the sold gas, but if I'm wrong, lets make the reference less specific.  Thanks. DF 
 FYI.  Feel free to sit in so you have a better sense of what you might face at the CPUC workshop on the 17th.  I'm not sure where we'll do this--probably either Shelley's or Steve's office.  DF 
 Here are my comments--I'd like to take out the stuff about the rate and any implication that we have flexible terms and conditions.  DF 
 Got any ideas on who would be the best person in our group to work on this? Thanks.  df 
 Wow--softball questions.  Two thoughts:  1, should we be gentler on the "lack of takeaway capacity" issue?  Steve would know how to play this given Socal's position.  2,  Did McKinsey check with Enron before taking this assignment from Cal?  The lack of conflict of interest rules in the consultant world never ceases to amaze me.  That being said, McKinsey is probably the best outfit we could hope for to take this investigation over for Cal.  I'd like to be on the call to be sure our script for FERC on the neg. rate deals dovetails with what we tell these guys.  Let me know when the call will be. We may know what the TW FERC order says before this conversation with McKinsey happens so lets talk again before the call.  Thanks.  df 
 Good--the "to the extent that" phrase is appropriately ambiguous on what actually happened--should make Harris happy.  DF 
 Thanks--I'll pass that info on to the employment guys.  df 
 That is unclear at this time--I'll consider this and as I'm not moving for awhile, this may be the easy fix.  Thanks. df 
 I need an extension--I'll give you any comments I have tomorrow by email.  If I have any feel free to blame me for slowing down the process! 
 Can i get those forms to you on Mon?  Thanks df 
 Thanks Bill--see my other email.  We'll let them suggest a name.  df 
 I'll be out on the 2d.  I'll have Maria participate and pass anything on that is of particular concern.  Thanks df 
 Thanks Ann--I won't move until Summer, but am aware of this issue (Mike Moran reminded me that an Omaha replacement needs to be found).  I've asked our paralegal Bill Brown to help find likely suspects but if you have an idea let me know what we need to do.  Thanks.  df 
 The author was obviously not aware that the Enron pipelines pride themselves in having standardized our "operational nuisances" !!  df 
 I'm good with it, but have one question.  In par. 2, does the reference to Sec. 13 of the tariff incorporate the lottery method?  I think that's what we are getting at with that reference and I'm ok with it, but I just wanted to confirm that's what we meant.  Thanks. df 
 I'm going down Sunday night--which flight are you on?  df 
 Yes--that would be great.  Please remind me what changes need to be made--removing mike from the operating company officer slates, etc.  I guess.  df 
 Maria, I won't have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.  Grab me if you hav3e any questions.  df 
 Please draft up some language that can be added to this policy to satisfy Mike's concern.  Run it by me and we'll send it to Rod.  Thanks df 
 Great--Martha, pls get me in here for next wk.  I'll be down in Hou all wk I think.  I would like to see what else is available, so why don't you give me a call on Monday afternoon in Houston and we'll figure out when would work to take a look.  Thanks.  DF  (Martha--ignore my earlier email on this subject) 
 Lets talk tomorrow about the whole basket of TW issues, including this one. thanks. df 
 Did our HR guys get the apartment lined up for me yet?  I'd like to get that available for my trip to Houston next wk.    DF 
 Paul Bieniawski's phone number is 713-345-8641.  Go ahead and give him a call just as a courtesy  to let him what you guys are looking at at Bushton and let him know I put you up to it.  If he has some useful off the cuff insights, great.  If not, that's fine also.  I don't expect you to send him any material or get him deeply involved--just give him a heads up.  DF 
 I got your message and understand you can't get all of us and Steve Harris in a meeting before Friday.  Lets do it this way:  I'll call Maria and MKM tomorrow am to discuss what we have learned so far and I'll grab Steve separately to update him.  No need for all of us in one meeting.  Thanks for trying.  df 
 thanks df 
 pls print this email also.  thanks df 
 pls print with emails.  thanks df 
 Would it make sense to have Lee and Bill follow up on this?  I don't know what's involved but hopefully not much.  Lee and Bill, absent contrary guidance from Lou, please handle this.  Thanks. df 
 pls print this for me with the cover memo.  thanks. df 
 Please let him know I'll try to call her on Thur. PM.  thanks.  df 
 Thanks Ranelle!  As for the marketing folks, one benefit is I'll be down=20 there riding shotgun on those TW guys!  df 
 Yes he did, and i'm good with you starting full time down there next wk. Maria and I have talked about it also.  df 
 Pls print for me--Mike, thanks for offering me a copy but I had it on the computer after all.  Thanks.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 COOL!  I didn't know you guys were that far down the road on this project. Congratulations and best wishes for further success!  DF 
 Could one of you guys get me rsvp'd for this please?  I don't need any CLE credit.  Thanks df 
 Count me in!  df 
 pls print.  t hanks df 
 Porter and the whole gang called me while you were at lunch MKM.  I'll give you a full report when I get off this conf. call but short answer is they don't want to meet next wk and want us to provide a bunch more info and then meet.  DF 
 Hey, great talking to you.  I appreciate your willingness to talk to David about the DOE situation.  He's a great guy and one of the best substantive lawyers I've met.  Short bio--U. of Missouri undergrad, Northwestern law school.  He was a staffer after law school on the House or Senate Ag committee--I can't remember which.  Big time federalist society member and knows all those ultra-right winger types.  He was my partner at Wiley Rein and Fielding and was the right hand man of Dick Wiley and Fred Fielding among the younger partners--kind of an enforcer, future executive committee type (he kept me from getting fired a couple of times--I'm sure he regrets that now).  Dave wasn't an energy lawyer originally, but did a lot of work on my client stuff and took over my natural gas clients after I left Wiley.  He also did a lot of electric restructuring stuff (he was one of the lead lawyers for Penn. Power and Light and United Illuminating on the Order 888 compliance filings and Nepool and PJM Power Pool open access restructurings).   He's a Missouri native and got tired of the DC law firm rat race and moved to KC.  Currently a partner at Blackwell Sanders Peper Martin--does a lot of Utilicorp/Aquila stuff as you'd expect.  Dave's direct dial at work is 816-983-8385 and his home number is 816-407-9026.  Mark--anything you can do to give this guy a sense of what life is like at DOE would be great.  I'm not sure how seriously Dave is being considered for the DOE Dep. GC spot, but I know that Fred Fielding and Dick Wiley have done some pushing on his behalf.  It may be that a call from you to someone out there might put him over the hump.  I'll leave that for you and he to discuss.  Thanks and good luck with your various adventures!  df 
 I would have jumped yesterday but couldn't figure out how to get my window open.  Since I'm on the 7th floor and the snowdrift goes up to the 4th, it wouldn't have done much good anyway.  Know of any good part time jobs--I need to supplement the ole' retirement plan!  df 
 pls print  thanks df 
 Barbara:  in case my voice mails didn't make sense, see the final section of Shelley's paper on valuation.  ETS is working through INGAA to push in a direction that is inconsistent with where Paul and Mark were hoping BLM will go.  DF 
 Pls route Mary Kay and I on the next draft of the policy.  Rod mentioned this morning that a new version would be coming out soon.  Thanks df 
 Grab me to discuss for a few minutes--both would be interesting topics.  DF 
 Pheasantsrus???  What a great email address!  I'll hang on to us in case ole' Jim sells us down the river for next year!  Talk to you.  df 
 Thanks Lynn!  I'm sure we'll see a lot more of each other!  df=20 
 Are we all on the same page that this is OK?  Is MKM's group good on it?  (I didn't see anyone from her group listed on the distribution). DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Thanks to all of you for the kind words and very thoughtful flowers and wine!  We enjoyed both as we watched our 27th snowstorm of the year this weekend.  (Houston's looking better and better with each blizzard).  DF 
 I think it looks good.  df 
 could you please fill out all my junk on htis.  thankss df 
 THANKS!  I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO JUMP ME ON THE APRIL 1 DEAL BUT YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE SO FAR!!!!!  ITS NOT LIKE PEOPLE TO PASS UP A FREE SHOT AT A LAWYER!  DF 
 Thanks for the very kind voice mail, Joe!  Sandra and I are really excited about the move and I'm sure the kids will be eager for another visit!  See you soon.  df 
 Thanks Craig!  I'll look forward to seeing your smilin' face more frequently!  [Actually that will be tough since I currently see it at least twice a day on a life size billboard in the Omaha office lobby!!]  df 
 pls circulate to the group.  Thanks df 
 remind me to call Mike and see if I need to be at thsi.  I don't think so but I'll let him make the call.  df 
 A couple of additional thoughts on this morning's conversation:  1.  if we really think the next 6 or 8 months will sort out the takeaway and receipt point capacity issues, why not bet the whole farm and try to hold onto the whole 150 mm/d until next winter or fall and see if the perceived value goes up?  We could tell Calpine "no" on their bid and hold them off for several months "negotiating" if that's what we thought would lead to the best value.  I don't personally think this would be a prudent approach, but its where our logic leads in the extreme, so we'd better be prepared to explain why getting the bird in the hand from Calpine is smart.  2.  We'll research the question of whether we can reject any recourse bids that come in over the next 6-8 months if we decide to hold onto the 60 mm/d for awhile.  I've thought about it a bit more and I'm pretty sure you're not going to like the answer.  First, FERC says we've got to have a recourse rate in place for all capacity, new or old.  One reason is that there needs to be a max rate that applies to long term capacity releases.  We have the option on new projects to go with the existing max tariff rate or a new incrementally designed rate.  We are going with the existing tariff rate on RedRock.  Fine, but that makes the existing rate the recourse rate for all purposes.  FERC's logic will be that TW could sell all of the RedRock capacity at recourse rates (currently $.38) and never suffer a revenue shortfall even if future rate cases reduce TW's overall rates, because the costs of all TW's facilities--including the new project--will be considered in the next rate case.  Think about it--our rates will only go down in the future if the ENTIRE cost of service goes down.  We'd never "lose money" on RedRock, but we might not make as much as we could have made with an 15 year fixed $.38 negotiated rate.  There is another  approach.  We could have Mavrix submit a binding bid right now for the 60 mm/d and just flat out sell it to them.  That would send a pretty strong signal to the market that we are serious about deadlines.  The downside of that aggressive approach is that it would get us into the same mess that El Paso finally got themselves out of, with Amoco, Dynegy and the whole gang beating the crap out of us.  I'm not to fired up about this approach for that reason.  I'll give you a call Monday after I've picked our best regulatory brains on these issues.  DF 
 Well, I've gotten myself into a fine kettle of fish.  Got any advice on how to handle the new job?  (or is this like asking the one legged man how to avoid land mines?) 
 Here it is.  The format's a little screwed up, but what do you expect from me? 
 I blew you guys off this am--couldn't handle 5:30 am two days in a row!  I did get my three miles in , but at the more civilized hour of 6:30 am.  It almost killed me!  see you soon,  df 
 Thanks Jeff!  One big benefit is that I'll be down here so I can keep a closer eye on you guys!  df 
 pls print.  thanks. 
 pls print.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 no--I dont' get these so thanks for inviting me!  this one does sound good but unfortunately I'll be on my way to DC for the sla mtg.  thanks df 
 Steve Anderton called today and has cleared the arbitration with his firm's conflict committee.  He's sending an email tomorrow describing the specific results of his conflict check.  I'll forward it to you both for review.  From my discussions with Steve, I think he'd do a great job as our arbitrator. Are we all in agreement on using Steve or are there some other competing candidates?  Do you guys want to talk to him or meet with him first?  Britt, do we need a retention agreement with Steve if we decide to use him?   A self-serving retention agreement may be a good idea if we think OneOk might challenge our arbitrator based on alleged bias.  Also, if we are good to go with Steve, I'd like to send him a package of the key documents and then meet with him to discuss the case sometime in the next week or two.  Britt, any concerns with my doing that as long as I don't send him anything privileged? (I'm assuming for the sake of safety that the attorney client privilege doesn't apply to our communications with our arbitrator unless instructed otherwise).  He is down in Houston two days a week so we could do it there. DF 
 Thanks Bob--and you're right about winter!  df 
 pls print for me.  thanks  df 
 Thanks man!  Just for old time's sake, I'll drop by Pacific Springs and bounce a few off the ole' shack this summer! 
 Thanks!  DF 
 Thanks!  I'll keep the Nebraska plates for about a year just like you kept your Texas plates after you moved up north! 
 Thanks LD!  I'm sure I'll be spending a bunch of time in both places!  DF 
 Thanks!  We are looking forward to it in a big way--mostly because its still winter up in the big O!  df 
 Sandra--nice of them!   df 
 Thanks Dana!  Maybe we'll be neighbors! df 
 Thanks Jim!  I'm looking forward to the challenge!  df 
 To synthesize what I'm hearing from you and MKM (and Mr. Ni),  our story is that we will post for sale an option with a specific MDQ, type (i.e., European option or American or whatever), flow period, and points.  For example, we'd post  a European call on 10,000/d of Nov. 01--March 02 Permian to Topock firm capacity with an exercise date of Jan 1, 2001.  the customer would bid an option price and a transport rate.  We'd look at both components under a publicly posted evaluation method to decide who wins.  I.e., we may post a method saying the winner is the one who pays the highest option fee so long as the transport rate bid is above "x".   Seems pretty straightforward, and we ought to be able to clarify this adequately in our answer to protests.  DF 
 Thanks Mike!  I'll miss it but I suspect I'll get back a lot to bother you guys!  df 
 Thanks Sharon!  df 
 Thanks Steve!  df 
 Thanks Dan!  df 
 Thanks!  I wouldn't miss it, even if I have to make it out of Texas armadillo!  df 
 Thanks Bill!  As to replacing myself, this is a great opportunity to get someone in that spot that actually knows something!  If you have any ideas on people I should talk to please give me a call.  DF 
 Shit--I knew I forgot something!  My boss leaves for good on April one, so I'll be spending 3 or so days a wk in Hou starting now.  I'll be the VP and General Counsel of Enron Transportation Services, which is the division that runs all the pipelines.  Yeeha.  I agree about getting together--when you coming down to visit the sister in law?  Maybe we can run up to MPLS for a boondoggle.  Also, I'll be in DC the 22d and 23d of March--where are you?  DF 
 I got the call today.  Got the job.  I feel like the dog that caught the car--enjoyed the chase but don't know quite what to do with the car.  DF 
 Thanks!  I agree-lets stay offline on possible deals.  DF 
 Please take a look at this new communication tool at your earliest convenience and give your input to one or more projects.  This is our opportunity to provide meaningful creative input to the slew of new revenue generation ideas that are flying around.  I appreciate your efforts to make innovation as high a priority in the law group as it is throughout all of Enron!  DF 
 Approved.  DF 
 Man, I did sound a little testy--due to my own inability to remember which one of those stupid FERC acronyms is which.  df 
 Update on ski conditions on the western front--doesn't sound bad at all! Glad you're coming up man!  DF 
 Pls get on cips rims or whatever the hell it is and get Kern's max tariff rate for FT.  I'm getting convinced that the Kern neg. rate deal will feature prominantly in our defense.  DF 
 I'll be unavailable--sorry.  DF 
 Acapulco.  You guys are weak.  I take my wife to South Dakota for vacation and you losers boondoggle in sunny Mexico.  I guess its necessary since you will have snow on the ground until June!  Yours in jealousy, DF 
 do we have a date for interviewing Tim Mccarty yet?  Did I send him a letter?  df 
 Approved.  DF 
 Julia and Steve--here are some questions I've sent to Darrell on the TW Cal. border line pack sales.  I'd like him to pull in the right people to get me the answers so we will be prepared if we need to explain these events. Darrell--I thought I'd better let your bosses know that I've been putting more stuff on your already full plate.  Thanks all.  DF 
 You are right-- Glen and Tony confirmed.  Thanks .  DF 
 I haven't seen a contract yet on the original 33,000 on TW but Susan thought the deal was going to be done--she's checking to see where the holdup is.  On the El Paso capacity, Mavrix never submitted a bid.  I think the deadline got past us before we were ready.  df 
 In anticipation of potential litigation involving TW's operational activities, please prepare an analysis for me of the reasons for TW's sale of excess natural gas at the California border.  I am aware of several of these sales and have been  informed that excess pressure at the border is the basic reason for them.  I'd like a more specific explanation that includes the following information: 1.  What are the specific pressures and volume considerations that could make it operationally necessary to sell gas at the California border? 2.  What is the process that is followed to make such a determination? 3.  Which individuals or groups are involved in determining whether an operational sale is necessary? 4.  In what way have system operations changed since last year and how do those changes contribute to the increased frequency of such sales compared to previous years? 5. What alternatives to operational sales are considered before the decision to make a sale is reached?  Thanks for your attention to this request.  Please give me a call to discuss and please designate your response as "Privileged and Confidential, Attorney Client Privileged." 
 FYI.  DF 
 Great idea--I don't have any specific suggestions to add to this checklist, but I encourage all of you to help Susan get this finalized.  I know you guys have all worked hard on these deals and I appreciate that hard work and your patience.  We all deserve a system that works more smoothly, so lets take Susan's lead and create one!  Thanks.  DF 
 I got Jim Derrick's sign off on V & E on the patent for Kim and Martha--bring the guy in  and get him acquainted with them and keep me posted.  thanks. df 
 Thanks.  My guess is that someone ought to go and represent TW.  Fawcett and Harris ought to make that call.  Jeff D:  I assume you know who Lad Lorenz is.  Either Jeff:  does Lad's involvement signal anything to us--i.e., is he their "get stuff done guy" or their "try to look like you are getting stuff done guy" ?  DF 
 We've checked and  have no problem.  DF    Molly Sample @ EOTT 02/26/2001 07:08 PM 
 Cool--my law beanie is getting a little tight lately.  Stan communicated to= =20 Oneok that we want to keep the dialogue going and that arbitrating the=20 measurement issue is necessary so we can clear it out of the way and allow= =20 everyone to focus on bigger issues.  I don't know if they bought it, but if= =20 we approach them (maybe at the Stan level) with potential business deals it= =20 will tend to validate the message Stan sent them.  We haven't heard anythin= g=20 since we launched the arbitration on Friday, so I'm not sure if they are=20 ballistic or not.  Given Stan's message to them (Kathy--pls forward Stan's= =20 letter to Jeff) I think he ought to either raise the West Texas line himsel= f=20 or else tee it up by calling his counterparts and letting them know what we= re=20 up to so there is no confusion.  Maybe you or Harris could bring it up at t= he=20 Mon. meeting or sooner if necessary.   Let me know if you want me involved = in=20 that conversation.  Thanks. df 
 fyi 
 sorry--I left you off the list.  df 
 Sorry, I missed it!  I haven't been briefed yet on what the plan is.  I assume we have one, however.  If anyone tells me what it is, I may be in a position to explain it to you.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.. .thanks. df 
 Thanks for the vote!  DF 
 pls print the first document only.  thanks. df 
 Please put me down for one large crock pot of "Phossum's Phamous Pheasant= =20 Chili."  Its actually not that famous, but its pretty darn good if I may sa= y=20 so myself!  DF=20 
 Very artful--I think this resolves MKM's concern but I'll defer to her on= =20 that.  This approach does also give us more commercial flexibility which I= =20 think the marketers should like.  df 
 The way I understand the suggestion, we will always be able to change a slate if we need to.  This puts more of the responsibility on us to keep the names updated if any changes need to be made.  I guess I have no problem with that as long as we can develop a systematic way of handling this and then be disciplined about following that system.  Bill--I suspect you will end up being our "system" so are you up to it? 
 Outstanding!!  Its great to see a South Dakota guy get the recognition he s= o=20 richly deserves!  Congratulations Steve!  DF 
 Pls forward it to Kathy Ringblom in my group in Omaha.  We'll handle.  That guy's a bargain.  Thanks. df 
 Anything from Knippa???  DF 
 Either I didn't fully understand the December Texas Eastern order or else FERC has just put a new and unhelpful spin on it.  The Thursday rehearing order dramatically changes how the "shipper must have title" rule applies to acquisitions of upstream capacity.   I thought the Dec. order pretty clearly allowed a pipe to acquire upstream capacity and then resell that capacity under the acquiring pipeline's rate schedules.  FERC specifically held that the "shipper must have title" policy won't be applied if the acquiring pipe treats the acquired capacity "as though it were part of its own system".  (p. 61,886)  The Dec. order even cited TW's acquisition of park n ride capacity from PG&E as an example of the type of transaction that (I thought) could be done without advance Commission approval.   Now, FERC explains that it did not intend a "blanket waiver" of the shipper must have title policy.   Pipes can still acquire upstream capacity without advance FERC permission, but only if the acquiring pipe is going to use the acquired capacity for operational needs or to resell under the selling pipe's release mechanism.  If the acquiring pipe wants to use the acquired capacity to support sales of service under the acquiring pipe's rate schedules, a specific waiver of the "must have title" policy is required (see FN 20 and text).   We are right back to where we started.  I guess the orders signal that FERC is  much more likely to grant waivers of the "must have title" policy than in the past, but I don't think we are good to go to acquire upstream storage, for example, and resell it as FDD or IDD until we get permission first.  Shelley--let me know if you hear any expressions of outrage from other pipes.  This might be worth chasing on rehearing since it is such a clear about face by FERC. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print what ever of this junk that I need.  df 
 Get a dog???  My view on that is why bother getting a dog when you can have just as much fun letting the wife and kids treat you like one?  Congrats on the hush hush thing--that's great and well deserved!!  Keep watching your back--you just became a bigger target!!  DF 
 Carter Phillips is going to have his partner, that noted litigator, the one and only Phil Nowak, argue the case!  When you gonna be up here on Monday??? Let me know--I'll be at the office on Mon. PM.  df 
 Jim--its been a long time since I bothered you!  Congrats (tentatively) on the settlement with the Navajos--sounds to me like you and Mr Soldano did some fine work!  We still haven't pulled the trigger on arbitration of the OneOk imbalance (the measurement issue) but we are getting closer.  Before we do, I wanted to get your thoughts on our "two prong" strategy once again.  You will recall that we intend to initiate the arbitration and simultaneously file a dec action in Texas state court.  That approach is described briefly in the attached pleading.  The pleading is pretty brief and terse--both Grant Harvey at Gibbs and Bruns and Britt wanted to keep the dec action as straightforward as possible.  I'll ask my secretary to block off an hour sometime this afternoon or early next week if your schedule permits.  I look forward to talking with you!  Thanks.  DF 
 What the hell is going on with you???  I'm bored and lonely--and will be in DC on the 20 and 21st.  Any chance of drinking and cigar smoking??  We got a nice note from your mom and it sounds like  Rollie is doing great.  That was super to hear.  Take care dude.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 I'm on a conf. call with Minnegasco from 8-10 Friday.  Please go forward without me and I'll circle back in later.  My view is that we need to look hard at a second expansion project, maybe jointly with Questar or someone else (Mojave?) that goes all the way to the market.  We may be semi-serious about the within-Cal. portion of the project, but it would be great potential leverage against the utilities and CPUC.  df 
 I'm on a call until about 10.  I'll come down and try to grab you and susan and lets call MKM and get a plan.  df 
 Colleen has some useful expertise because of her work on the Clifton Machine Shop project (i.e., setting up a new business entity within the ETS organization).  Tony and Lee have some time if Colleen's plate is full. Either one of them, relying on Colleen for "best practices" input as needed, might be a good team.  DF 
 Generally good.  Madden is generally pro market and has a pretty good relationship with Stan and Shelley.  DF 
 There were several questions left for legal/regulatory to work on at the close of our meeting today.  I'll try to restate them, and add my initial thoughts, so we can all be sure to focus on the correct problems.  Q 1. Can TW use "negotiated rate" agreements for its new 150 mm/d expansion?  A.  Yes.  Independence, Guardian, and other new pipeline projects were certificated on the basis of negotiated rate contracts.  The only restriction is that we need to always offer cost-based recourse rate service as an alternative to negotiated rates.  We hope to use negotiated rate agreements for the entire 150 mm of capacity, but we won't know until the contracts are executed how much of it will be negotiated rate contracts and how much of it will be under recourse rate contracts.  I guess that means that in the cert. app., we just tell the commission that we will be 100% at risk and that given the huge interest in the open season, we have no doubts about our ability to sell the full 150.  We should also tell the Commission we expect to sell the capacity using negotiated rate contracts or recourse rate contracts or a combination of both.  Q 2.  Can we give prospective customers a "cafeteria style" menu of options (to steal Jeff's term), like the following: 1.  5 yr. neg. rate deal at a locked in $.60 plus fuel and surcharges (or whatever number we decide on) 2.  10 y. neg. rate deal at a locked in $.45 plus fuel and surcharges 3.  15 yr. neg rate deal at a locked in $.35 blah blah 4 .  15 yr cost based recourse rate plus fuel and surcharges (importantly this option is not locked in and will float with TW's actual rate levels and fuel retainage percentages)  A.  I think the answer here is "yes."  Whatever options we come up with for 1, 2, and 3, we will always have to offer 4 as well.  Susan and Steve Stojic:  please confirm that we have the right to define specific negotiated rate options and stick to them.  Otherwise, this negotiated rate approach could get completely unstructured such that we end up with some guys taking our specific options and other guys custom tailoring weird variations (like a 7 yr, 231 day contract at $.51764, for example).  I'm not sure that would be a bad thing, but we need to think about it.  We need to be sure we can tell a customer "no" and make it stick if he tries to mix and match by asking for the 5 yr term and the $.35 rate, for example.  I think we can lay out options of our choosing and then enforce a "no substitutions" policy (this is sticking with the "cafeteria" theme) but we need to be sure.  Q.3.  If we can use the "cafeteria options" approach, how much flexibility do we have in structuring the options?  A:  This one is hard.  We need to be sure that the price and term we choose to offer for options 1-3 is solely within our discretion.  We don't want to be second guessed by FERC as to whether we should have offered option 1 at $.58 instead of $.60.  Susan and Steve: if you guys confirm that we have discretion in how to structure our negotiated rate options, does that mean we can slant the economics of the negotiated rate options so they are a better deal than the recourse option (for most shippers)?  I.e., could we deliberately  incent shippers to sign on for the short term deals--i.e., by offering options 1-3 at $.55, $.45 and $.40 instead of the $.60, $.45, and $.35 shown above.  I suspect that is what Guardian and the other pipes did to obtain 100% subscription under neg. rate deals.  Q.4.  How do we allocate capacity to customers if demand exceeds supply???  A.  Ideally, we'd be able to allocate the 150 to the guys who want to buy it the way we'd prefer to sell it.  Under the above example, assuming Stan, Danny and Steve decide short term deals are better, what if we get 100 mm/d of offers on each of the 4 rate/term options described above.  That's 400 mm/d of demand for a 150 mm/d project.  Can we sell 100 to the guys who want option 1 ($.60/5 yrs) and the remaining 50 to the 10 yr/$.45 guys?  That really hoses the recourse bidders.  Do we have to cover the recourse demand first and then allocate the remaining capacity pro rata to everyone else? Pro rata to everyone?  Under the rule that negotiated rate bids have to be deemed to be at max rate for purposes of allocation, pro rata to everyone may be the right answer.  Or at least its the answer until we've filled the recourse rate guys' orders, then we can give the remaining capacity to the neg. rate guys whose bids we value most highly (using some objective nondiscriminatory calculation of course).   Ugh.  Susan and Steve--please take a crack at questions 2-4.  I think 1 is answered already.  I haven't done any research yet, so maybe these questions are easier than they currently seem to me.  Get me and MKM on the phone at your convenience to discuss.  We've gotta move quick so the marketers can get out and sell this stuff.  DF 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Good idea on Kim and Martha--pls line them up for the next meeting after tomorrow (call Martha Benner to schedule)  DF 
 Great--thanks.  df 
 Great!!  DF 
 Attached below is my approval of a bunch of capacity packages for sale on EOL.  As you can see, I think there is an important issue of contract language that we need to resolve at some point if we are going to get maximum mileage out of EOL.  Please let me know what you think we ought to do about this--in my view, if we are going to sell long term capacity on a discounted basis, we ought to keep using the language we have historically used on what happens if our max rates are reduced and what happens if our rate design is modified.  As to the old confidentiality paragraph and some of the other stuff, I'm not sure it is worth keeping and running the risk of FERC finding that we have overreached (i.e., the paragraph saying a customer can't ever challenge our discount adjustment).   Lets talk.  df 
 I am OK on selling these packages on EOL.  This approval is based on my understanding that all of this capacity is currently posted, or, if not currently posted, will be posted for the appropriate amount of time prior to sale.  Additionally, this approval is contingent on use of the webtext we have been using for other EOL deals (I feel the need to say the obvious because I don't believe Law will see anything on these packages again).  I also assume that these will be short term deals--i.e., less than one year. Any long term discounted deals raise concerns that our "standard discount language" is designed to address, such as what is the effect of a new rate design or reduction in the max rate on the discounted deal.  I think we can live without that language in short term deals for now, but we need to revisit this issue and come up with a solution before we sell any long term deals on EOL.  ONe last thing, it is marketing's decision whether to include in the webtext the provision that says Northern gets the $$ if the shipper releases the capacity at a rate higher than the discounted rate.  I think our approach in negotiated deals has been to get that agreement if we could (a basis run up could make it a very valuable right).  If you have any questions, call me.  DF 
 Thanks for your work on this also, Dan!!  DF 
 I need you guys to look at this quick and give me advice.  df 
 No, but MKM apparently thought this issue did impact the idea of uniformity of approach among the pipelines, which is Shelley's turf.  df 
 lets talk in am--did we pay SET to forgo their option on the Gallup space????? ON the "gross margin" spreads mentioned in 3, do we hedge the fuel componenet or is that the customer's problem?  Pls print this page for me as I can't.   DF 
 pls print for me on Monday--thanks.  df 
 Can we get together for a half hour or so on Monday to discuss?  That would be helpful, so I can hear the thinking you guys went through.  Denise, pls print for me.  Thanks.  df 
 Looks good to me--load away.  DF 
 Debbie, please add Tony Pryor to the distribution list for this report. Tony, what's up with the missing TW confirms?  DF 
 I can't open this--please fax or email to me in a format I can open.  thank= s=20 df 
 Three to-dos on our Mavrix meeting: 1.  Follow up and make sure the officers get set up correctly. 2.  Talk to Perry Frazier in planning--he is keeping copies of the actual EBB postings showing that we have had the Ignacio-Thoreau piece of capacity posted (the 33,000/d).  I'd like you to keep copies of those postings in your file until Mavrix actually buys that capacity.  If we end up in a fight at some time, we'll be able to prove the postings were out there, because the actual postings are not electronically archived, I am told. 3. All Mavrix deals will need initials from legal--probably you, Susan.  For now, please let me know of any deals Mavrix does with non-Enron pipes.  For Enron pipes, of course, contract approval will be via our ordinary procedures and MKM's group and I should be advised as a matter of course.  Thanks.  DF 
 see--I am dumb!  thanks dan.  df 
 dan--pls hookl this up for me, I'm too dumb.  df 
 More specifically, this is the ECS Gallup mtg--Kevin, will we have answers on our peak avoidance by then?  Thanks. DF 
 Just summarize the proposal again (briefly) and indicate the changes we agreed to make based on the technical conference and how we believe the initial filing, as modified to resolve the reasonable concerns raised by parties, ought to be approved.  I'd also add a short recount on the conoco and I. Shippers issues and indicate that vague, industry wide market affiliate issues are not appropriate in this docket and that the fact that some (not even all) producers have paranoid competitive concerns should not preclude shippers who would really benefit form these products from gaining access to them (i.e, summarize CalPine's very helpful comments).  df 
 Jeff and I just talked and Jeff is going to go back to USGT and Astra and negotiate a fix to the release issue--new drafts will be circulated.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I've just been invited to a couple of meetings on Friday PM--the kind of meetings where the word "invited" is used humorously.  I think I'm still clear after 4:00 pm Omaha time so could be dialed in after then if it would be useful.  Sorry to be such a pain inthe ass but getting fired would be a real inconvenience right now so I'd better post at these meetings.  I'll have Martha coordinate with you guys. 
 Would we be better off letting the trade associations fight this one out?  I haven't read the pleading yet, but from your description, I wouldn't be surprised if all of them oppose it--AGA included.  DF 
 pls talk to Norma and find out what we need to do.  I''ll let the group know.  df 
 pls print for me.  thanks. df 
 I haven't had a chance to study this yet, but I'd like you guys to take a hard look at it and lets meet on Mon or Tues.  I'll  be in Houston ( I think).  Martha pls set up a meeting with these guys and I'll talk to you about when I'm going down.  df 
 Thanks Mark--we'll take a look at this information and be ready to discuss with you guys.  I'll take the lead on getting a new meeting set up.  DF 
 now that I look at this, I'm not sure I'm included as I was just a bcc on the email.  Please check out the website and see if you can learn anything.  pls print out the relevant parts of the website includeing a list of which computers we can choose from.  thanks df 
 Good thinking and good hustle on your part Craig, as usual.  Do we know what the system problems were and if they were on their end or ours?  I agree that timetable issues in general and the approval process for Demarc deals, in particular, need to be reviewed when we get together on contract process issues. 
 If the condition in OneOk's release tied to KN's settlement is "simply unacceptable" to ONeOk, then there is no deal unless we simultaneously receive the $$ from KN and OneOk and simultaneously sign the agreements.  We will need to set up a closing type of event (not necessarily in one city, over the phone and fax is ok) and hold each other hostage until all the paper is signed and wire transfers received.  Just in case she's curious, my position is we don't sign the release until the wire transfer is in our bank.  They can take the risk of the deal falling apart at the last minute--I don't think we should.  DF 
 Thanks Susan, that makes sense.  df 
 Doug_Gessell@Transcanada.com 
 I don't see any serious problems with this.  There are a few things you two need to verify or get comfortable with:  bullet 6 says PG&E has made all payments in a timely manner.  You can leave it in if its true, but the bullet needs to be mutual, not one-way, and I'd suggest replacing it with: "Transwestern and PG&E agree that, by entering into this agreement, neither is to be deemed to have made any admission against interest."  Also, the mechanism in bullet 9 is up to you, Paul.  We should probably list the rating service by name to avoid ambiguity.  There are also a couple of minor things:  in bullet 2, add an "s" to "contract" inline 2; in bullet 7, add "the" at the end of line 1.  Call if you have questions.  DF 
 ON further reflection, if Mavrix is to be a wholly owned sub of Enron Pipeline Company (or whatever the current name is of the top-tier ETS entity) then that entity ought to issue the guaranty.  Mavrix intends to buy capacity from TW and possibly NN.  It would be innappropriate to have TW issue the guaranty if TWs guaranty would likely operate in favor of TW.  Same for NN. DF    Rod Hayslett 
 Its my understanding that the plan is to have it be a sub of EPC (or whatever the name of the parent of TW and NN  is these days).  I thought it had been moved already, but apparently not.  Susan, whats the status?  df 
 Who is the exact corporate parent of Mavrix?  I think I saw an email that said ETS, but I don't think ETS is a corporate entity.  Is it Enron Pipeline Company?  Please let Bob and me know.  Thanks.  df 
 You blew me off!  Are you in town?  I tried your phone but it's busy.  df 
 I feel awful about that--particularly since PGT did the same thing!  df 
 The Mineral Leasing Act may be the statute that governs--at least I'm familiar with it as the statute governing the MMS onshore oil and gas royalty program.  There are also statutes that cover hard rock mining rights and surface (i.e., grazing) rights.  I'm not sure which one is the basis for Greg's theories.   What you guys need is a real dirt lawyer.  Don't we have any ex-EOG lawyers around?  There aren't any in ETS that I'm aware of that know this stuff.  As to the RFP process, I have even less of an idea.  I hear you on your instinct to give him the answer, but one of my goals is to hear what MMS thinks its legal basis is for going after storage and forming my own view of whether they are right or just blowing smoke.  DF    Enron North America Corp. 
 I've deferred the negotiation with Mark Knippa given my need for some information from James and Kevin on our ability to avoid peak usage, etc. Steve Harris and I talked this morning about settlement authority and our going in position, obviously, is that ECS should pick up the whole $300+ K. I expect that Knippa will angle toward a split the difference approach and then try to put his share of the value on some future deal.  To counter that,  I think I'll need to hit him pretty firmly on the "relationship issue."  I.e., he's got to fix this problem or his chance of doing more deals with the pipeline group will be seriously hurt.  That should be a big deal to him and may get us the resolution we need.  To push that I need three things from you: 1.  Rod, have we already communicated to ECS, or at a higher level like Redmond, that we won't do any more deals with them?  Obviously if we have already told them we're done working with them, my threat won't carry much weight. 2.  Are you all OK with the threat?  I suspect that our threat to quit doing business with them will go immediately up their chain of command and that Redmond or someone will call Stan to complain. 3.  Can we agree conceptually to do future deals if Knippa needs a bucket to put our dollars in?  He may propose something specific and I'd like to be able to agree that we will "work with them" on future deals.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print (sorry about doing this--I can't print in here).  df 
 Not critical--if you have nothing better to do, great.  DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 We all knew about this concept--its Danny's "Newco" idea.  The only thing that is new is they finally decided on a name and got the paperwork for the new corporate entity out of the Corporate Secretary's office.  I knew about the name a couple weeks ago.  As far as I know, no one has signed off on any particular transaction or on a procedure to follow when "Mavrix" starts transacting business.  We all better understand at that point that this may be a "lose lose" deal--if Mavrix makes a ton of money, everyone will come after it (as soon as they find out) and claim we arre playing games with confidential information if Mavrix is trading capacity on the Enron pipes. If Mavrix loses money, tough cookie--there's no way to plow the losses back into some regulated entity.  It is probably now time to have a prayer meeting with Danny, Steve, and probably Stan, just to make sure everyone knows what we all think about the risks before they charge off and start doing deals. DF 
 Gifts do help--preferably large denominations!    Enron North America Corp. 
 I agree.  DF 
 Thanks Lee.  df 
 yes 
 I guess you wouldn't want to use any of the joint venture entities to issue the guarantee because of the complexities of their ownership structures.  You also wouldn't want to go outside of ETS because of marketing affiliate issues.  By process of elimination, I guess I'm OK with NN issuing the guarantee.  In my view, if Mavrix' commercial strategies are unsuccessful and Northern has to perform on the guarantee, good luck recovering any of those dollars in Northern's next rate case.  Thanks.  DF 
 In the last several weeks several areas have come up where the TW commercial team could, in my opinion, use some clear written guidance on gray areas under the tariff ought to be interpreted.  Here is my list.  Please add items if I've missed any.  1.  When can TW "selectively market" available capacity?   I.e., if capacity is on the board as available, and no one has bought it, are there any limits on calling up a customer, or a group of customers, and pitching a deal?  I think we have a lot of discretion here--after all, using the telephone to talk to one customer is always "selective" since there's only one guy on the phone, not all our customers.  Also, can we deliberately leave a customer off the list of "the usual suspects" we call to pitch a special deal like an index to index deal or a discount?  I've asked Lee to pull together a quick analysis of this issue.  2.  If we get multiple bids for a chunk of capacity outside of the open season context, how do we allocate it?  This is the situation we got into a couple of weeks ago on the '02 and '03 space.  Are we always required to use a lottery?  Do we need to modify the tariff to use pro rata, or can we use pro rata simply by notifying the customers in advance?  3.  What approval process applies to max rate contracts and negotiated rate contracts?  The ET&S discount approval procedure still applies to TW discounted deals (even there is no ET&S anymore).  I think all neg. rate deals should be approved by law and regulatory, but I don't need to see max rate strd language deals. 4.  ???  I think there was another issue, but I can't remember what it was.  Thanks for your input on this.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 I can't wait!  Frank--our expectation is that Staff won't go.  Can you call Harris Wood and approach that subject with him.  It was my understanding that Staff didn't expect to come, but just in case MGO or Midam have gotten to him and talked him into Staff attending, lets talk him out of it.  Thanks.  DF 
 As always, when we have a juicy topic, anyone on your  staffs that you think would benefit from this are invited to attend.  DF 
 fyi.  df 
 I've got a meeting set up with Knippa at 10:00 on Thursday .  Susan, please join me as Nemec will be there and he and you had most of the back and forth on the confidentiality issue.  Either Steve or Kevin need to give me some sense of our  authority .  Any thoughts on that??  Is the number still $200,000?  What would we be willing to settle for?  Is a renegotiation of the existing deal in the works anyway as part of the expansion scenarios?  I'll have martha set up a meeting Thur. am to discuss before we talk to Knippa. DF 
 I think I need to be down there that week anyway--Martha lets try to schedule it so I can go to this.  thanks df 
 Miles--sorry about the hurry up.  Please give me a call on this at 402-398-7449.  Note the issue raised by the email from Rick Dietz. Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I agree with MKM--I think we either said or at least implied in the options conf. and filings that ROFR cap. isn't posted as available until the ROFR is waived.  I think that approach is the logical way to handle postings and that we are pretty much locked into that approach.  On the commercial issue Rita mentions below, it seems to me that Elizabeth Brown has the commercial impacts backwards--the marketers have always told us they are able to negotiate higher rates if LESS CAPACITY is posted as available because of the appearance of scarcity.  On that logic, we should want to keep ROFR capacity off the EBB until the right is waived.  DF 
 This guy is going to be a great, and very interesting, chairman!  DF 
 What would we have to do to get rid of the Demarc deal approval requirement (requiring President level approval for all Demarc delivery deals)? Can Danny revoke the policy, just like Bill created it?  DF 
 Makes sense.  Thanks df 
 pls get for Cindy.  Thanks  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Didn';t one of you guys review this for all of us last time?  Let me know--my memory isn't helping me today.  Marhta, please print the stuff for me. thanks all  DF 
 here they are.  gracias 
 I have reviewed your various emails and will get back to Paul shortly.  DF 
 Excellent.  I'll start with Knippa but probably need to work through his boss or Barbara Gray to resolve this.  DF 
 Ex 
 As long as Dave and/or you are signing off on the EOL packages, I don't have any problem with this.  As to non-EOL deals, we may also want to eliminate the requirement that all Demarc deals need such a high approval level.  I don't think there is anything uniquely risky about Demarc as long as we have our capacity posting squared away.  DF 
 Not a problem.  I'll let you know how it goes.  df 
 pls print for me. 
 Where are you gonna be on Nov. 7?  Victory parties (or defeat parties) I'm sure.  I may be in DC at least for the afternoon--gonna have any time free? DF 
 Have we been subpoenaed?  If not, can we ignore this problem?  DF 
 Thanks Laura--I'll add these thoughts.  DF 
 Good point.  I'll put it in the forma nd be sure to discuss with her.  df 
 I can fly from Houston to Denver on Thur. late afternoon or evening so I'm available to meet with MMS anytime on Friday.  Martha, please coordinate with Paul and Mark and get me where I need to be, returning to Omaha on Friday after the meeting Mark is setting up.  Pls get me to Hou. on the Thur. am flight and coordinate my flight to Denver so I can fly up with Paul if he is coming direct from Houston.  Mark ought to suggest a hotel and a meeting time with me and Paul either Thur. night or Fri. am.  Thanks all. 
 Once Susan gets the last few pieces of info, either Steve or I should call ECS and try to resolve this.  Steve--you or me??  Its your call.  DF 
 Great.  Let me know when it goes out and get a copy to the group (particulary Shelley who might have to cover press inquiries if PG&E squawks.)  DF 
 I'm stuck on a phone call until about 5.  I think you ought to take it up to Paul and Rod and if they want it out today, get Rod to sign it.  I havn't heard back from Steve Harris so let Rod decide what to do.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls check for me .  thanks. df 
 One additional point.  If we aren't going to try to rebut the "funny money" argument on the merits, can we at least have Leslie Lawner or someone loaded up to dispute their circumstantial case?  Both Amoco and Dynegy argue that marketing affiliates hold a much higher percentage of the capacity on their sister pipelines than they do on non-affiliated pipes.  They argue that unfairness or abuse can be inferred from that fact alone.  The Enron pipes may be a statistical oddity on this.  A very small percentage of NN and TW capacity has been held by affiliates.  I think the same is true on Border and to a lesser extent on Florida.  Amoco and Dynegy can't have it both ways.  If they want to infer abuse from a large percentage of a pipe's capacity being held by marketing affiliates (i.e., El Paso) then they also have to infer an absence of abuse from a small percentage (i.e., the Enron pipes).  Can we argue this???  DF 
 Sorry, my form file is bare on that topic.  DF 
 pl s print.  thanks df 
 No concerns--I think we ought to go.  Thanks.  DF 
 I don't have a problem supporting the concept generally.  Since they took the trouble to ask for our help, its probably the right thing to do politically and relationship-wise.  On the substance, I doubt this will do them or us much good in the long run as FERC will just ignore us all if pipelines start acting as cheerleaders for each others' proposals.  Will they ghost write it or do you need someone to draft it up?  DF 
 Wed. home game vs. Florida.  7:00.  Catching the game and flying back in the AM is a possibility.    DF 
 Hahaha. df 
 I agree-- I also thought we were already doing it that way.  MKM and Glen: Is this a problem on NN also??? 
 Thanks Susan.  MKM:  FYI.  DF 
 I don't think having an intrastate in the ETS family would be a problem.  We could even run it with a merchant business if we firewalled the merchant entity off from the ETS pipelines.  Keep me in the loop and get MKM's group in at the appropriate time (far enough in advance of us submitting a bid that they can opine on the valuation).  Thanks. df 
 Thanks for the helpful message.  I'll go ahead and order her one--I think I'll let her decide where she wants it, as two chairs sounds a bit over the top.  DF 
 I have been updated by Susan on her (largely futile) efforts to push ECS on the $200k we think they owe us.  Martha, please get me a half hour Tuesday with Susan, James and Kevin so we can decide how to get closure on this.  If I understand ECS' position, their argument is that CDEC stonewalled and delayed granting access to the critical website and therefore its not ECS' fault that manual peak monitoring wasn't operational until December .  That argument, it seems to me, is BS because we never heard even a shred of warning or request for help from ECS on getting things moving, right?  At minimum, TW could have raised holy hell with TriState and CDEC management to get things moving if we knew that ECS was stymied.  But we heard nothing.  Is that our story?  If its going to take me doing some yelling at Knippa or Steve and Rod talking to Redmond, lets decide what the script is and get it done. 
 Thanks Bob.  I feel a lot better, particulary since the year end documents won't have to have all the detail.  DF 
 Great.  DF 
 Yea--it was outstanding news!  What a hoss.  Can't catch you this time but keep me posted on your next trip.  DF 
 I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted.  She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him.  Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but after tempers cooled, MKM and I decided not to send it to  Stan or urge him to send a written response.  As it stands, MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.  Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation. 
 sorry, i left lou off of the message. 
 Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?  Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).  Norma, any thoughts? 
 Forgot to cc you.  df 
 OK.  DF 
 whasssup? 
 pls print.  df 
 Good point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.  They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have done so.  None of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.  Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates.  I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down?  DF 
 pls print--I can't get it to print in here.  thanks. df 
 I tried calling you to confirm we are all square on the webtext for Northern but can't track down your ph. number.  Please call me if there are any problems or concerns.  Thanks for the help.  DF  402-389-7449 
 Sounds spiffy.  df 
 Agreed.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls get me into this.  df 
 I'd love to see his last article, but don't see any advantage in giving him any real information on our struggles right now.  Maybe after the dust settles in a few weeks I'll be less nervous.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 yes--lets talk at 9:30 to prep for the 10:00.  df 
 pls forward to all TW and NN legal attorneys and staff--Hou and OMa.  DF=20 
 Per my conversation with Lynn and Steve on Friday night, we have claimed force majeure for any gas shut ins that actually happened for the 1st.  (I'm not sure how extensive that actually turned out to be).   Does that have any financial consequences or other consequences for us?  For example, on TW, certain force majeure situations can force us to refund demand charges, right?  NN's tariff doesn't have a similar mechanism, but we may have common law exposure.  We may need to revisit the Jan 1-4 period when we talk tomorrow or Wed.  This would really make Continental and possibly others mad, but at worst, we could put out a revised notice saying that the shut-ins for the 1st -4th were not FM.  Any thoughts?  DF 
 That's more or less what I expected.  Good enough to cover us until the 4th. I'll talk to you all tomorrow.  DF 
 I'm good on this.  DF 
 Some additional thoughts on the force majeure issue--i.e., are we cutting off shippers' supply due to force majeure?  1.    If the gas at the point is out of spec on water, the answer is clearly no.  We're shutting in that supply due to our termination of a waiver of the tariff quality spec., not due to force majeure.  We have the discretion to grant or terminate waivers of the tariff in our discretion as prudent operators and so long as we don't discriminate.   If that gas is out of spec on any of the specific items listed in the "Quality" section of the tariff (Sec. 44?  47?  I can't remember which but its one of those) then the answer is the same.  2.  If the gas is being shut in because of heavier hydrocarbons, I think the answer is the same as above if there is risk of those heavier hydrocarbons falling out as liquids.  I'm remembering the catch all section of the Quality paragraph as prohibiting "dirt, gums, and other impurities that would interfere with the operation of compressors, blah blah" or something to that effect.  That catch all seems to me to include liquids.  IF the c6 and heavier is going to form hydrates and fall out as liquids, then the people delivering those heavies to us are delivering out of spec gas--therefore no force majeure.   I read Eric's very scientific email and I think the punch line was that the heavy hydrocarbons may fall out as liquids--right?   The thing I can't remember is whether the Quality section has specific max. limits on the individual heavier hydrocarbons.  If so, and if the shippers are within those limits, my theory based on the catch all language doesn't work as good.  3.  If we think we need to claim force majeure, we have a problem, because we could have bought our way out of this situation for a nickel.  Generally, an event isn't force majeure if it is purely economic.  I'll think about this some more tomorrow and give you guys a call.  DF 
 I note in TW's bullets for 12-22 that TW did the "Cal Border Backhaul" deal with SW Gas.  The last I heard about it, the deal had cratered.  I had serious reservations about doing the deal as it was initially described to me, which included a Cal border sale of "surplus" gas and a backhaul for EES on behalf of SW Gas.  My probems were (1) the issue of possible or apparent affiliate preference and (2) the need for adequate documentation of "surplus line pack."   My last guidance was that a deal like this might be doable, but only if we could document the "surplus" and if Stan signed off on it.  What happened?  Does the deal involve EES???  Was that raised with Stan and Danny?  The bullets don't mention the identity of the "shipper" that the backhaul was done for.  Please respond.  DF 
 How bout getting me on a Wed PM flight to Hou. on Jan 10 and back to Omaha on the Fri afternoon flight on the 12th?  I need to be in Houston at the office until at least 3:00--can I still get a flight better than the late one?  DF 
 Mike, I'll be down in Houston Thursday and Friday the 11th and 12th.. Would either day be a good one to meet with Robbie Walls?  I've got lunch open both days.  DF 
 I already did.  Thanks. DF 
 OK with me.  Thanks.  DF 
 Lets talk about this on the 4th or 5th.  I'll have Martha set up a meeting.= =20 Note that this will catch the Sempra negotiated rate deals, but not our=20 January deals (yet).  DF 
 Do we need to give notice to customers before we shut in receipt points due to off-spec gas?  Sec. 44 of the NN tariff implies to me that if a customer's gas has too much water, for example, we can shut it in at any time without notice.  Please confirm ASAP.  DF 
 Colder than shit on Fri-Sun.  Nice tomorrow.  I'm getting the urge to play hooky.  DF 
 I'm out the 28th but am glad to discuss today or the 27th if there is anything else I can add on the subject.  Thanks. dF 
 As soon as I know, you'll know.  DF 
 I'm glad to have Tino talk to him direct--tee it up that way if you can. Tino's new number is 913-441-1800 (ext. 109).  Thanks Kevin and have a great holiday!! DF 
 I have been typing in his name and letting the computer address it.  I've now added his "@enron.com" address to my address book, so lets see if that does the trick.  Thanks!  DF 
 Julie--pls forward to Danny.  I've had trouble the last couple of days getting emails to go through to him.  Am I doing something wrong? 
 Pls get me in on the meetings with Galasinsi and Mcchane. df 
 Absolutely.  I got a report yesterday on the 30-40 million/day that Phil and his guys may be able to squeeze out of the system with debottlenecking etc. We'll be ready to go to expedite any approvals that may be necessary on that project.  On the quick 10 million/day that we've been working on, there's a potential alternative to building more Gallup horsepower that may get us the 10 million much quicker and at a lower cost.  Steve Harris and I talked about it yesterday and I hope we can run it to ground in a day or two.  We will be ready to file at FERC shortly on the 15,000 hp at Gallup if the alternative doesn't pan out.  We'll look at combining the 30-40 mm/d project with the Gallup compression for FERC filing purposes.  DF 
 Is the difference between the first two cases and the second two cases the higher 775 lb suction pressure that we hope we could get from pigging the line?  If so, does this email say anything about whether we could get 10,000mmbtu/d to the Cal. border assuming the pigging successfully gets us to 775 lbs?  Lets talk to McShane tomorrow.  Thanks.. DF  e 
 Latest Tino-gram:  Apparently high power prices at 4 Corners have DOE excited about the project all of a sudden.  The latest configuration is in the 300-380 mw range.  Tino needs us to check if the ENA guys would be interested in buying the surplus capacity on a demand charge basis (I think these are basically tolling agreements--ENA would pay a monthly capacity reservation charge per KW of capacity and then pay actual fuel and variable cost for power that is actually dispatched)  $7/kw if the thing is simple cycle or $10/kw if combined cycle.  Variable cost would be $.005/kwh and fuel is whatever it is--ENA's problem.   I'm trying to get ahold of Tino to confirm, but I think these are prices at the plant, not FOB 4 Corners.  Please give me a call and see if you can get a quick reaction from our ENA guys.  Thanks.  DF 
 Way cool.  DF 
 Danny, I'm resending as I had the same problem Cindy did.  I'll give you a call later today after I've talked to Harris to discuss the various Gallup scenarios to make sure you and I are on the same page.   The plan that makes the most sense in my mind is to ram the 10,000/d  project through asap, with no firm contracts to preserve our options on a NEWCO structure.  We'll simultaneously implement a new approach on San Juan fuel transport if possible and then throw the big expansion into the hopper at FERC in January as Stan suggested.  I hope that timetable is doable--it all depends on planning/ops deciding what they want to build and then clearing our financial hurdles.   DF 
 When you guys give me a new computer, can I get a (smaller) laptop with some kind of docking station???  I don't need a desktop if I get a good laptop.. I'd suggest we keep the IBM laptop as the department's roving laptop if it is upgradable to Windows 2000.  Thanks.  DF 
 MidAm advised us they intend to call the enforcement hotline, probably today, to get enforcement staff involved in resolving the Carlton timing problem (i.e., the absence of an order approving or not approving the settlement). If Midam does so, Enforcement will then contact Northern for a response--probably Dari or MKM or I, but who knows who they'll call. If they do, the following bullets are important to convey as our preliminary response to MidAm:  1.  Midam, and all of our customers, are aware that a Commission order on the June 2, 2000 Settlement is necessary before the precise flow obligation for this Nov-March period can be determined.  The flow obligation for sourcers like MidAm will be slightly higher--by about 3%--if the settlement is approved.  For all customers that have asked what the precise flow obligation numbers would be under the two scenarios, settlement approval or settlement non-approval, we have given that information.  We gave that information to MidAm also.  We can't file the tariff sheets setting out the specific number for this heating season until the Commission addresses the settlement.  2.  The true financial impact of the current uncertainty on MidAm is minimal.  We believe many of the sourcers have locked in their supply based on the lower flow obligation number, but with an option to increase their purchase quantity if the Commission approves the settlement.  MidAm may have done that, but we don't know.  If not, and if the Commission approves the Settlement, their only real "cost" would arise if they have to buy the additional flow obligation volume--about 1100 MMBtu/d for MidAm--now at a higher price than they would have paid if they bought it earlier when they locked up the bulk of their flow obligation supply.    Given the large drop in gas prices the last several days, there may not be any increased cost.  3.  The bottom line is that we really need an order on the Settlement.  The majority of Northern's customers support it as a fair solution to the Carlton problem.  MidAm is the only opponent that has raised substantive issues. MidAm is clinging to a financial windfall it gets under the old Carlton mechanism and has no reason to oppose the settlement other than preserving that windfall.   That's the end of the proposed script.  The last bullet may go to far, but I like it.  Frank and Steve, MKM suggested that you guys get Doering and Gorak and others to call FERC (hotline or otherwise--I don't think it matters) and express their concern that the order is not on the agenda.  DF 
 Here is the latest on timetable on Gallup.  Susan, please get your edits on the draft to Donna and me by tomorrow.  (call me if you need more guidance on what I have in mind).   Donna or Keith, please let me know what additioonal information you are waiting on and what the likely timetable for filing is. Also, Keith, what was the answer from ops/planning on whether unloading the 20,000 of fuel from the San Juan would help with more flexibility or capacity?  If you haven't been able to get a meaningful answer, let me know who to call and I'll try. 
 I agree with Danny's email that the key timetable issue for the incremental 10,000/day appears to be lead time on fabrication and delivery of the 15,000hp motor.  It was my understanding that the long lead time items were going to be ordered shortly (if they haven't been already) and that we'd take the financial risk.  If that is our approach, the regulatory approvals won't be the critical path item they usually are.  I've reviewed the FERC application and we should be able to file it shortly, perhaps with a request for temporary emergency certification if we decide that would expedite things.  Additionally, we are looking at transactions that would allow us to avoid physically hauling the 20,000/day of fuel down the San Juan lateral. If we could unload our fuel requirement from the San Juan, the additional horsepower at Gallup might provide some additional flexibility or additional capacity.   I'll talk to Steve today to make sure we are doing everything possible to expedite these efforts.  DF 
 On Thursday last week the Commission eliminated the old "Texas Eastern" rule that required pipelines to obtain prior FERC approval before contracting for transportation and storage capacity on upstream or downstream pipelines.  The new rule allows pipelines to acquire and use such capacity without going to FERC first.  The rule does reiterate that bundled sales of gas are still prohibited, and further provides that the acquiring pipeline will be financially at risk for the costs of the acquired capacity.  Interestingly, the acquiring pipeline apparently has the option of selling the acquired capacity under its own rate schedules or of releasing the capacity pursuant to its capacity release program.  The order is silent on whether the price cap applies to short term releases of acquired capacity.   While we are still reviewing the order and may provide additional guidance at  a later time, I'd emphasize for now that our normal contract approval procedures and authority thresholds should be deemed to apply to capacity contracts.   For example, the "Approval Authorization for Cash Expenditures" dated Feb. 3, 2000 provides Dave and Steve with authority up to $250,000 on operating expense obligations.  Please contact me if you have any questions on this matter.  DF 
 pls print all this stuff.  thanks df 
 here it is.  df 
 Nice thought,  but Lay spiked the Treasury rumor right after I started it. Bummer, that bag boy job would have been a lot of fun.  And to think I started out as Dave Hooker's bag boy!!!  DF 
 Sack, lets see you try this with United flight #1292 from Memphis to Peoria. Hope all goes well in the airline bidness and hope to see you soon.  It won't be on one of your flights, however, as I've instructed my travel staff to avoid United just in case I get you and you decide to try out your old top gun moves on a DC10 or whatever the hell you fly!  DF   - FLYBY.jpg 
 pls print.  df 
 I don't see anything controversial in Leslie's outline.  We've done  a lot of thinking about Dynegy's "funny money" argument and I volunteer Maria to work with you and Leslie on making sure ENA's comments are consistent with ours on this and all related issues.  DF 
 I think that is exactly right.  I suspect that the marketing guys could work up a simple formula for determining our course of action depending on the size of the revenue opportunity vs. the power cost/penalty.  Thanks. df 
 Excellent idea!!  There is ample opportunity for all three of us in the hot air business.  I talked to Dave yesterday and I think this is a great fit for him.  He's back to doing what he does best--convincing investors and customers to pour money into a hole in the ground! 
 Great--the front running ideas now are (1) an operational sale in the San Juan of the 20,000 we recieve there and an offsetting operational purchase (less basis differential) at some other location (i.e., the permian) thus freeing up 20,000/d of physical space on the lateral; or (2) an exchange agreement under which a party takes our 20,000 in the SJ and gives us back the same amount, less basis differential, in the permian.  The SJ 20,000 would still physically flow down the lateral, but it would have to move under someone's transport agreement--in other words it wouldn't be incremental to our 850,000/d of firm transport obligations.  I don't know if this will work yet, but it was a creative idea by Keith and Donna.  I'm eager to talk to Steve Harris and Susan about this because it sounds similar to a scenario that Susan researched  a while ago and that Lindy explained to me--maybe there are problems or solutions yet to be considered.  DF 
 Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.  Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system.  We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system.  We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost.  In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.  Do we have someone who is watching this out there? We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.  James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.  That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls give that copy of Gorak's sba filing to maria.  I think I left it with you and Mary.  df 
 Thanks for following up on this all.  I'm good on Stuart's recommendation.  DF 
 Shelley--looks good to me.  DF 
 I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC's questions without deferring any to other people.  Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and make sure you are up to speed on everything FERC has asked for and focused on so far.  You don't need to be an expert on all that, but a basic understanding of what they have already looked at will help you be more responsive to what they want to ask you about.  If you do get stumped, try to defer the question by telling FERC you need to check on a fact or two and can answer that question after a break or at the end of the interview.  By doing that , you should be able to get them the information they need without having them cross examine a bunch of other people.  Inevitably, if you ask enough people the same question, you may start getting different answers. Lee, I'd like you to be on the phone call with Ray, Keith and Gary to discuss generally what to be ready for and what FERC has already looked at.  Please let me know if anyone has any concerns about this approach.  DF 
 Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.  thanks df 
 Q:  What has ECI done for me lately?  A:  Forced me to get new business cards.  Thanks a lot.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 Can't make it.  Thanks.  DF    Virginia O'Neill  02/03/2000 02:29 PM 
 OK with me.  Thanks.  DF 
 I already did.  Thanks. DF 
 Mike, I'll be down in Houston Thursday and Friday the 11th and 12th.. Would either day be a good one to meet with Robbie Walls?  I've got lunch open both days.  DF 
 How bout getting me on a Wed PM flight to Hou. on Jan 10 and back to Omaha on the Fri afternoon flight on the 12th?  I need to be in Houston at the office until at least 3:00--can I still get a flight better than the late one?  DF 
 I note in TW's bullets for 12-22 that TW did the "Cal Border Backhaul" deal with SW Gas.  The last I heard about it, the deal had cratered.  I had serious reservations about doing the deal as it was initially described to me, which included a Cal border sale of "surplus" gas and a backhaul for EES on behalf of SW Gas.  My probems were (1) the issue of possible or apparent affiliate preference and (2) the need for adequate documentation of "surplus line pack."   My last guidance was that a deal like this might be doable, but only if we could document the "surplus" and if Stan signed off on it.  What happened?  Does the deal involve EES???  Was that raised with Stan and Danny?  The bullets don't mention the identity of the "shipper" that the backhaul was done for.  Please respond.  DF 
 Some additional thoughts on the force majeure issue--i.e., are we cutting off shippers' supply due to force majeure?  1.    If the gas at the point is out of spec on water, the answer is clearly no.  We're shutting in that supply due to our termination of a waiver of the tariff quality spec., not due to force majeure.  We have the discretion to grant or terminate waivers of the tariff in our discretion as prudent operators and so long as we don't discriminate.   If that gas is out of spec on any of the specific items listed in the "Quality" section of the tariff (Sec. 44?  47?  I can't remember which but its one of those) then the answer is the same.  2.  If the gas is being shut in because of heavier hydrocarbons, I think the answer is the same as above if there is risk of those heavier hydrocarbons falling out as liquids.  I'm remembering the catch all section of the Quality paragraph as prohibiting "dirt, gums, and other impurities that would interfere with the operation of compressors, blah blah" or something to that effect.  That catch all seems to me to include liquids.  IF the c6 and heavier is going to form hydrates and fall out as liquids, then the people delivering those heavies to us are delivering out of spec gas--therefore no force majeure.   I read Eric's very scientific email and I think the punch line was that the heavy hydrocarbons may fall out as liquids--right?   The thing I can't remember is whether the Quality section has specific max. limits on the individual heavier hydrocarbons.  If so, and if the shippers are within those limits, my theory based on the catch all language doesn't work as good.  3.  If we think we need to claim force majeure, we have a problem, because we could have bought our way out of this situation for a nickel.  Generally, an event isn't force majeure if it is purely economic.  I'll think about this some more tomorrow and give you guys a call.  DF 
 That's more or less what I expected.  Good enough to cover us until the 4th. I'll talk to you all tomorrow.  DF 
 Per my conversation with Lynn and Steve on Friday night, we have claimed force majeure for any gas shut ins that actually happened for the 1st.  (I'm not sure how extensive that actually turned out to be).   Does that have any financial consequences or other consequences for us?  For example, on TW, certain force majeure situations can force us to refund demand charges, right?  NN's tariff doesn't have a similar mechanism, but we may have common law exposure.  We may need to revisit the Jan 1-4 period when we talk tomorrow or Wed.  This would really make Continental and possibly others mad, but at worst, we could put out a revised notice saying that the shut-ins for the 1st -4th were not FM.  Any thoughts?  DF 
 pls forward to all TW and NN legal attorneys and staff--Hou and OMa.  DF=20 
 yes--lets talk at 9:30 to prep for the 10:00.  df 
 Per Louie Soldano, I called Dave Sinclair (GPG ROW) about whether we have any ability to negotiate a favorable right of way deal with the BNSF railroad. In Dave's experience, that is a nonstarter.  Apparently, a bunch of utilities, including us through Dave, have even formed a coalition to try to figure out how to get the railroads to be more cooperative.  If the RR owns its ROW outright (which many of the old railroads do out west) we might be able to condemn an easement by getting a FERC certificate.  In other words, the RR would be treated just like any other landowner.  If we did that, Dave thinks BNSF would treat it as a declaration of war.  Since our lines cross or parallel BNSF right of way all over the place from Topock to Duluth, that would be foolish.  I swore Sinclair to secrecy and told him what part of the world I was interested in and he thought we could probably stitch together private ROW without too much pain.  If the RR option doesn't pan out, we may want to suggest to Tino and Dennis that our ROW people can handle this.  Assuming we can't come up with some magic contact with the RR, I propose that, at the appropriate time,  we tell Dennis and Tino that the last 7 or 8 miles of ROW should be flagged as a potential problem that Enron can help resolve once we decide to go forward.  Other than the BNSF issue, I don't think we have any specific "to dos" or any specific comeback date to Dennis and Tino.  So what do you guys think should happen next?  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 I'd love to see his last article, but don't see any advantage in giving him any real information on our struggles right now.  Maybe after the dust settles in a few weeks I'll be less nervous.  DF 
 pls get me into this.  df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Agreed.  DF 
 Sounds spiffy.  df 
 pls print--I can't get it to print in here.  thanks. df 
 Good point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.  They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have done so.  None of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.  Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates.  I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down?  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 whasssup? 
 Here it is.  Thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Forgot to cc you.  df 
 Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?  Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).  Norma, any thoughts? 
 sorry, i left lou off of the message. 
 I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted.  She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him.  Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but after tempers cooled, MKM and I decided not to send it to  Stan or urge him to send a written response.  As it stands, MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.  Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation. 
 Yea--it was outstanding news!  What a hoss.  Can't catch you this time but keep me posted on your next trip.  DF 
 I have been updated by Susan on her (largely futile) efforts to push ECS on the $200k we think they owe us.  Martha, please get me a half hour Tuesday with Susan, James and Kevin so we can decide how to get closure on this.  If I understand ECS' position, their argument is that CDEC stonewalled and delayed granting access to the critical website and therefore its not ECS' fault that manual peak monitoring wasn't operational until December .  That argument, it seems to me, is BS because we never heard even a shred of warning or request for help from ECS on getting things moving, right?  At minimum, TW could have raised holy hell with TriState and CDEC management to get things moving if we knew that ECS was stymied.  But we heard nothing.  Is that our story?  If its going to take me doing some yelling at Knippa or Steve and Rod talking to Redmond, lets decide what the script is and get it done. 
 Thanks for the helpful message.  I'll go ahead and order her one--I think I'll let her decide where she wants it, as two chairs sounds a bit over the top.  DF 
 I don't think having an intrastate in the ETS family would be a problem.  We could even run it with a merchant business if we firewalled the merchant entity off from the ETS pipelines.  Keep me in the loop and get MKM's group in at the appropriate time (far enough in advance of us submitting a bid that they can opine on the valuation).  Thanks. df 
 Thanks Susan.  MKM:  FYI.  DF 
 Susan's draft has inspired me to vent months worth of frustration at the Commission.  To save Susan from trying to translate my weird scribbles, I'm having Martha type up my vitriol.  Please hold off on detailed comments on Susan's draft unless you've already finished them.  I'll circulate a revised draft to you all later today.  In the mean time, Susan and Frank and Steve, are there not some cases in which the Commission has specifically granted confidential treatment of precedent agreements or discount agreements in expansion cases.  I know the bulk of authority is against us, but I seem to recall at least a few stray decisions where the Commission granted confid. treatment (even if only for a limited time).  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
 I agree-- I also thought we were already doing it that way.  MKM and Glen: Is this a problem on NN also??? 
 Hahaha. df 
 Wed. home game vs. Florida.  7:00.  Catching the game and flying back in the AM is a possibility.    DF 
 I don't have a problem supporting the concept generally.  Since they took the trouble to ask for our help, its probably the right thing to do politically and relationship-wise.  On the substance, I doubt this will do them or us much good in the long run as FERC will just ignore us all if pipelines start acting as cheerleaders for each others' proposals.  Will they ghost write it or do you need someone to draft it up?  DF 
 No concerns--I think we ought to go.  Thanks.  DF 
 pl s print.  thanks df 
 One additional point.  If we aren't going to try to rebut the "funny money" argument on the merits, can we at least have Leslie Lawner or someone loaded up to dispute their circumstantial case?  Both Amoco and Dynegy argue that marketing affiliates hold a much higher percentage of the capacity on their sister pipelines than they do on non-affiliated pipes.  They argue that unfairness or abuse can be inferred from that fact alone.  The Enron pipes may be a statistical oddity on this.  A very small percentage of NN and TW capacity has been held by affiliates.  I think the same is true on Border and to a lesser extent on Florida.  Amoco and Dynegy can't have it both ways.  If they want to infer abuse from a large percentage of a pipe's capacity being held by marketing affiliates (i.e., El Paso) then they also have to infer an absence of abuse from a small percentage (i.e., the Enron pipes).  Can we argue this???  DF 
 pls check for me .  thanks. df 
 I'm stuck on a phone call until about 5.  I think you ought to take it up to Paul and Rod and if they want it out today, get Rod to sign it.  I havn't heard back from Steve Harris so let Rod decide what to do.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great.  Let me know when it goes out and get a copy to the group (particulary Shelley who might have to cover press inquiries if PG&E squawks.)  DF 
 Thanks for the report--glad it went over well.  DF 
 Once Susan gets the last few pieces of info, either Steve or I should call ECS and try to resolve this.  Steve--you or me??  Its your call.  DF 
 I can fly from Houston to Denver on Thur. late afternoon or evening so I'm available to meet with MMS anytime on Friday.  Martha, please coordinate with Paul and Mark and get me where I need to be, returning to Omaha on Friday after the meeting Mark is setting up.  Pls get me to Hou. on the Thur. am flight and coordinate my flight to Denver so I can fly up with Paul if he is coming direct from Houston.  Mark ought to suggest a hotel and a meeting time with me and Paul either Thur. night or Fri. am.  Thanks all. 
 Good point.  I'll put it in the forma nd be sure to discuss with her.  df 
 Thanks Laura--I'll add these thoughts.  DF 
 Have we been subpoenaed?  If not, can we ignore this problem?  DF 
 pls print for me. 
 Not a problem.  I'll let you know how it goes.  df 
 As long as Dave and/or you are signing off on the EOL packages, I don't have any problem with this.  As to non-EOL deals, we may also want to eliminate the requirement that all Demarc deals need such a high approval level.  I don't think there is anything uniquely risky about Demarc as long as we have our capacity posting squared away.  DF 
 Ex 
 Bummer.  Thanks for the quick answer.  The Maritimes case does give us at least a small foothold to use.  DF 
 Excellent.  I'll start with Knippa but probably need to work through his boss or Barbara Gray to resolve this.  DF 
 I have reviewed your various emails and will get back to Paul shortly.  DF 
 here they are.  gracias 
 Didn';t one of you guys review this for all of us last time?  Let me know--my memory isn't helping me today.  Marhta, please print the stuff for me. thanks all  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls get for Cindy.  Thanks  df 
 What would we have to do to get rid of the Demarc deal approval requirement (requiring President level approval for all Demarc delivery deals)? Can Danny revoke the policy, just like Bill created it?  DF 
 This guy is going to be a great, and very interesting, chairman!  DF 
 I agree with MKM--I think we either said or at least implied in the options conf. and filings that ROFR cap. isn't posted as available until the ROFR is waived.  I think that approach is the logical way to handle postings and that we are pretty much locked into that approach.  On the commercial issue Rita mentions below, it seems to me that Elizabeth Brown has the commercial impacts backwards--the marketers have always told us they are able to negotiate higher rates if LESS CAPACITY is posted as available because of the appearance of scarcity.  On that logic, we should want to keep ROFR capacity off the EBB until the right is waived.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 That was an interesting little conversation.  I came back down and looked for you guys but you had both split.  We should take a few minutes and plug John in on what happened at the end of that meeting when the power issues came up.  I'm somewhat surprised at Bill's reaction, but what the hell, now we can run with Cunningham, and we know MKM's pulse on Hubbard (and Bill's).  Pretty damn good end to the week, all things considered.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 Miles--sorry about the hurry up.  Please give me a call on this at 402-398-7449.  Note the issue raised by the email from Rick Dietz. Thanks.  DF 
 I think I need to be down there that week anyway--Martha lets try to schedule it so I can go to this.  thanks df 
 I've got a meeting set up with Knippa at 10:00 on Thursday .  Susan, please join me as Nemec will be there and he and you had most of the back and forth on the confidentiality issue.  Either Steve or Kevin need to give me some sense of our  authority .  Any thoughts on that??  Is the number still $200,000?  What would we be willing to settle for?  Is a renegotiation of the existing deal in the works anyway as part of the expansion scenarios?  I'll have martha set up a meeting Thur. am to discuss before we talk to Knippa. DF 
 fyi.  df 
 I can't wait!  Frank--our expectation is that Staff won't go.  Can you call Harris Wood and approach that subject with him.  It was my understanding that Staff didn't expect to come, but just in case MGO or Midam have gotten to him and talked him into Staff attending, lets talk him out of it.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 In the last several weeks several areas have come up where the TW commercial team could, in my opinion, use some clear written guidance on gray areas under the tariff ought to be interpreted.  Here is my list.  Please add items if I've missed any.  1.  When can TW "selectively market" available capacity?   I.e., if capacity is on the board as available, and no one has bought it, are there any limits on calling up a customer, or a group of customers, and pitching a deal?  I think we have a lot of discretion here--after all, using the telephone to talk to one customer is always "selective" since there's only one guy on the phone, not all our customers.  Also, can we deliberately leave a customer off the list of "the usual suspects" we call to pitch a special deal like an index to index deal or a discount?  I've asked Lee to pull together a quick analysis of this issue.  2.  If we get multiple bids for a chunk of capacity outside of the open season context, how do we allocate it?  This is the situation we got into a couple of weeks ago on the '02 and '03 space.  Are we always required to use a lottery?  Do we need to modify the tariff to use pro rata, or can we use pro rata simply by notifying the customers in advance?  3.  What approval process applies to max rate contracts and negotiated rate contracts?  The ET&S discount approval procedure still applies to TW discounted deals (even there is no ET&S anymore).  I think all neg. rate deals should be approved by law and regulatory, but I don't need to see max rate strd language deals. 4.  ???  I think there was another issue, but I can't remember what it was.  Thanks for your input on this.  DF 
 I guess you wouldn't want to use any of the joint venture entities to issue the guarantee because of the complexities of their ownership structures.  You also wouldn't want to go outside of ETS because of marketing affiliate issues.  By process of elimination, I guess I'm OK with NN issuing the guarantee.  In my view, if Mavrix' commercial strategies are unsuccessful and Northern has to perform on the guarantee, good luck recovering any of those dollars in Northern's next rate case.  Thanks.  DF 
 Pls RSVP "no" if necessary.  Thanks. 
 yes 
 Thanks Lee.  df 
 I agree.  DF 
 Gifts do help--preferably large denominations!    Enron North America Corp. 
 We all knew about this concept--its Danny's "Newco" idea.  The only thing that is new is they finally decided on a name and got the paperwork for the new corporate entity out of the Corporate Secretary's office.  I knew about the name a couple weeks ago.  As far as I know, no one has signed off on any particular transaction or on a procedure to follow when "Mavrix" starts transacting business.  We all better understand at that point that this may be a "lose lose" deal--if Mavrix makes a ton of money, everyone will come after it (as soon as they find out) and claim we arre playing games with confidential information if Mavrix is trading capacity on the Enron pipes. If Mavrix loses money, tough cookie--there's no way to plow the losses back into some regulated entity.  It is probably now time to have a prayer meeting with Danny, Steve, and probably Stan, just to make sure everyone knows what we all think about the risks before they charge off and start doing deals. DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 pls print (sorry about doing this--I can't print in here).  df 
 I've deferred the negotiation with Mark Knippa given my need for some information from James and Kevin on our ability to avoid peak usage, etc. Steve Harris and I talked this morning about settlement authority and our going in position, obviously, is that ECS should pick up the whole $300+ K. I expect that Knippa will angle toward a split the difference approach and then try to put his share of the value on some future deal.  To counter that,  I think I'll need to hit him pretty firmly on the "relationship issue."  I.e., he's got to fix this problem or his chance of doing more deals with the pipeline group will be seriously hurt.  That should be a big deal to him and may get us the resolution we need.  To push that I need three things from you: 1.  Rod, have we already communicated to ECS, or at a higher level like Redmond, that we won't do any more deals with them?  Obviously if we have already told them we're done working with them, my threat won't carry much weight. 2.  Are you all OK with the threat?  I suspect that our threat to quit doing business with them will go immediately up their chain of command and that Redmond or someone will call Stan to complain. 3.  Can we agree conceptually to do future deals if Knippa needs a bucket to put our dollars in?  He may propose something specific and I'd like to be able to agree that we will "work with them" on future deals.  Thanks.  DF 
 The Mineral Leasing Act may be the statute that governs--at least I'm familiar with it as the statute governing the MMS onshore oil and gas royalty program.  There are also statutes that cover hard rock mining rights and surface (i.e., grazing) rights.  I'm not sure which one is the basis for Greg's theories.   What you guys need is a real dirt lawyer.  Don't we have any ex-EOG lawyers around?  There aren't any in ETS that I'm aware of that know this stuff.  As to the RFP process, I have even less of an idea.  I hear you on your instinct to give him the answer, but one of my goals is to hear what MMS thinks its legal basis is for going after storage and forming my own view of whether they are right or just blowing smoke.  DF    Enron North America Corp. 
 I feel awful about that--particularly since PGT did the same thing!  df 
 pls print wo attachments.  thanks. df 
 You blew me off!  Are you in town?  I tried your phone but it's busy.  df 
 Who is the exact corporate parent of Mavrix?  I think I saw an email that said ETS, but I don't think ETS is a corporate entity.  Is it Enron Pipeline Company?  Please let Bob and me know.  Thanks.  df 
 Its my understanding that the plan is to have it be a sub of EPC (or whatever the name of the parent of TW and NN  is these days).  I thought it had been moved already, but apparently not.  Susan, whats the status?  df 
 ON further reflection, if Mavrix is to be a wholly owned sub of Enron Pipeline Company (or whatever the current name is of the top-tier ETS entity) then that entity ought to issue the guaranty.  Mavrix intends to buy capacity from TW and possibly NN.  It would be innappropriate to have TW issue the guaranty if TWs guaranty would likely operate in favor of TW.  Same for NN. DF    Rod Hayslett 
 I don't see any serious problems with this.  There are a few things you two need to verify or get comfortable with:  bullet 6 says PG&E has made all payments in a timely manner.  You can leave it in if its true, but the bullet needs to be mutual, not one-way, and I'd suggest replacing it with: "Transwestern and PG&E agree that, by entering into this agreement, neither is to be deemed to have made any admission against interest."  Also, the mechanism in bullet 9 is up to you, Paul.  We should probably list the rating service by name to avoid ambiguity.  There are also a couple of minor things:  in bullet 2, add an "s" to "contract" inline 2; in bullet 7, add "the" at the end of line 1.  Call if you have questions.  DF 
 Thanks Susan, that makes sense.  df 
 If the condition in OneOk's release tied to KN's settlement is "simply unacceptable" to ONeOk, then there is no deal unless we simultaneously receive the $$ from KN and OneOk and simultaneously sign the agreements.  We will need to set up a closing type of event (not necessarily in one city, over the phone and fax is ok) and hold each other hostage until all the paper is signed and wire transfers received.  Just in case she's curious, my position is we don't sign the release until the wire transfer is in our bank.  They can take the risk of the deal falling apart at the last minute--I don't think we should.  DF 
 Good thinking and good hustle on your part Craig, as usual.  Do we know what the system problems were and if they were on their end or ours?  I agree that timetable issues in general and the approval process for Demarc deals, in particular, need to be reviewed when we get together on contract process issues. 
 now that I look at this, I'm not sure I'm included as I was just a bcc on the email.  Please check out the website and see if you can learn anything.  pls print out the relevant parts of the website includeing a list of which computers we can choose from.  thanks df 
 Great.  The footnote issue scares me.   If we just use the same footnotes as a matter of convenience, we may have some flexibility.  DF 
 Thanks Mark--we'll take a look at this information and be ready to discuss with you guys.  I'll take the lead on getting a new meeting set up.  DF 
 I haven't had a chance to study this yet, but I'd like you guys to take a hard look at it and lets meet on Mon or Tues.  I'll  be in Houston ( I think).  Martha pls set up a meeting with these guys and I'll talk to you about when I'm going down.  df 
 pls print for me.  thanks. df 
 pls talk to Norma and find out what we need to do.  I''ll let the group know.  df 
 Would we be better off letting the trade associations fight this one out?  I haven't read the pleading yet, but from your description, I wouldn't be surprised if all of them oppose it--AGA included.  DF 
 I've just been invited to a couple of meetings on Friday PM--the kind of meetings where the word "invited" is used humorously.  I think I'm still clear after 4:00 pm Omaha time so could be dialed in after then if it would be useful.  Sorry to be such a pain inthe ass but getting fired would be a real inconvenience right now so I'd better post at these meetings.  I'll have Martha coordinate with you guys. 
 OK.  DF 
 Jeff and I just talked and Jeff is going to go back to USGT and Astra and negotiate a fix to the release issue--new drafts will be circulated.  DF 
 Just summarize the proposal again (briefly) and indicate the changes we agreed to make based on the technical conference and how we believe the initial filing, as modified to resolve the reasonable concerns raised by parties, ought to be approved.  I'd also add a short recount on the conoco and I. Shippers issues and indicate that vague, industry wide market affiliate issues are not appropriate in this docket and that the fact that some (not even all) producers have paranoid competitive concerns should not preclude shippers who would really benefit form these products from gaining access to them (i.e, summarize CalPine's very helpful comments).  df 
 I just talked to Frank about my revised draft of the rehearing request. Susan, you will be pleased to learn that he has successfully talked me out of starting world war 3 with the FERC.  I've asked Frank (and Steve) to massage the draft to avoid a frontal challenge to FERC's disclosure policies and then to work with you to get it finalized. The plan is to carve out a limited exception to the normal disclosure rules given that the Gallup case is over and there is  no pressing need for disclosure in advance of the normal discount report filing.  Thanks.  DF 
 More specifically, this is the ECS Gallup mtg--Kevin, will we have answers on our peak avoidance by then?  Thanks. DF 
 dan--pls hookl this up for me, I'm too dumb.  df 
 see--I am dumb!  thanks dan.  df 
 Three to-dos on our Mavrix meeting: 1.  Follow up and make sure the officers get set up correctly. 2.  Talk to Perry Frazier in planning--he is keeping copies of the actual EBB postings showing that we have had the Ignacio-Thoreau piece of capacity posted (the 33,000/d).  I'd like you to keep copies of those postings in your file until Mavrix actually buys that capacity.  If we end up in a fight at some time, we'll be able to prove the postings were out there, because the actual postings are not electronically archived, I am told. 3. All Mavrix deals will need initials from legal--probably you, Susan.  For now, please let me know of any deals Mavrix does with non-Enron pipes.  For Enron pipes, of course, contract approval will be via our ordinary procedures and MKM's group and I should be advised as a matter of course.  Thanks.  DF 
 I can't open this--please fax or email to me in a format I can open.  thank= s=20 df 
 Debbie, please add Tony Pryor to the distribution list for this report. Tony, what's up with the missing TW confirms?  DF 
 Can we get together for a half hour or so on Monday to discuss?  That would be helpful, so I can hear the thinking you guys went through.  Denise, pls print for me.  Thanks.  df 
 pls print for me on Monday--thanks.  df 
 lets talk in am--did we pay SET to forgo their option on the Gallup space????? ON the "gross margin" spreads mentioned in 3, do we hedge the fuel componenet or is that the customer's problem?  Pls print this page for me as I can't.   DF 
 No, but MKM apparently thought this issue did impact the idea of uniformity of approach among the pipelines, which is Shelley's turf.  df 
 Has the old adversary adopted an "if you can't beat em, join em" strategy?  I noticed that CNG is planning to build some high deliverability storage.  More competition is always a problem, but at least that is a vindication of the MHP strategy.  I noticed Vaina was quoted in the trade press.  Is he the man on Tioga now?  DF 
 I need you guys to look at this quick and give me advice.  df 
 Thanks for your work on this also, Dan!!  DF 
 I am OK on selling these packages on EOL.  This approval is based on my understanding that all of this capacity is currently posted, or, if not currently posted, will be posted for the appropriate amount of time prior to sale.  Additionally, this approval is contingent on use of the webtext we have been using for other EOL deals (I feel the need to say the obvious because I don't believe Law will see anything on these packages again).  I also assume that these will be short term deals--i.e., less than one year. Any long term discounted deals raise concerns that our "standard discount language" is designed to address, such as what is the effect of a new rate design or reduction in the max rate on the discounted deal.  I think we can live without that language in short term deals for now, but we need to revisit this issue and come up with a solution before we sell any long term deals on EOL.  ONe last thing, it is marketing's decision whether to include in the webtext the provision that says Northern gets the $$ if the shipper releases the capacity at a rate higher than the discounted rate.  I think our approach in negotiated deals has been to get that agreement if we could (a basis run up could make it a very valuable right).  If you have any questions, call me.  DF 
 Attached below is my approval of a bunch of capacity packages for sale on EOL.  As you can see, I think there is an important issue of contract language that we need to resolve at some point if we are going to get maximum mileage out of EOL.  Please let me know what you think we ought to do about this--in my view, if we are going to sell long term capacity on a discounted basis, we ought to keep using the language we have historically used on what happens if our max rates are reduced and what happens if our rate design is modified.  As to the old confidentiality paragraph and some of the other stuff, I'm not sure it is worth keeping and running the risk of FERC finding that we have overreached (i.e., the paragraph saying a customer can't ever challenge our discount adjustment).   Lets talk.  df 
 Great!!  DF 
 Great--thanks.  df 
 There were several questions left for legal/regulatory to work on at the close of our meeting today.  I'll try to restate them, and add my initial thoughts, so we can all be sure to focus on the correct problems.  Q 1. Can TW use "negotiated rate" agreements for its new 150 mm/d expansion?  A.  Yes.  Independence, Guardian, and other new pipeline projects were certificated on the basis of negotiated rate contracts.  The only restriction is that we need to always offer cost-based recourse rate service as an alternative to negotiated rates.  We hope to use negotiated rate agreements for the entire 150 mm of capacity, but we won't know until the contracts are executed how much of it will be negotiated rate contracts and how much of it will be under recourse rate contracts.  I guess that means that in the cert. app., we just tell the commission that we will be 100% at risk and that given the huge interest in the open season, we have no doubts about our ability to sell the full 150.  We should also tell the Commission we expect to sell the capacity using negotiated rate contracts or recourse rate contracts or a combination of both.  Q 2.  Can we give prospective customers a "cafeteria style" menu of options (to steal Jeff's term), like the following: 1.  5 yr. neg. rate deal at a locked in $.60 plus fuel and surcharges (or whatever number we decide on) 2.  10 y. neg. rate deal at a locked in $.45 plus fuel and surcharges 3.  15 yr. neg rate deal at a locked in $.35 blah blah 4 .  15 yr cost based recourse rate plus fuel and surcharges (importantly this option is not locked in and will float with TW's actual rate levels and fuel retainage percentages)  A.  I think the answer here is "yes."  Whatever options we come up with for 1, 2, and 3, we will always have to offer 4 as well.  Susan and Steve Stojic:  please confirm that we have the right to define specific negotiated rate options and stick to them.  Otherwise, this negotiated rate approach could get completely unstructured such that we end up with some guys taking our specific options and other guys custom tailoring weird variations (like a 7 yr, 231 day contract at $.51764, for example).  I'm not sure that would be a bad thing, but we need to think about it.  We need to be sure we can tell a customer "no" and make it stick if he tries to mix and match by asking for the 5 yr term and the $.35 rate, for example.  I think we can lay out options of our choosing and then enforce a "no substitutions" policy (this is sticking with the "cafeteria" theme) but we need to be sure.  Q.3.  If we can use the "cafeteria options" approach, how much flexibility do we have in structuring the options?  A:  This one is hard.  We need to be sure that the price and term we choose to offer for options 1-3 is solely within our discretion.  We don't want to be second guessed by FERC as to whether we should have offered option 1 at $.58 instead of $.60.  Susan and Steve: if you guys confirm that we have discretion in how to structure our negotiated rate options, does that mean we can slant the economics of the negotiated rate options so they are a better deal than the recourse option (for most shippers)?  I.e., could we deliberately  incent shippers to sign on for the short term deals--i.e., by offering options 1-3 at $.55, $.45 and $.40 instead of the $.60, $.45, and $.35 shown above.  I suspect that is what Guardian and the other pipes did to obtain 100% subscription under neg. rate deals.  Q.4.  How do we allocate capacity to customers if demand exceeds supply???  A.  Ideally, we'd be able to allocate the 150 to the guys who want to buy it the way we'd prefer to sell it.  Under the above example, assuming Stan, Danny and Steve decide short term deals are better, what if we get 100 mm/d of offers on each of the 4 rate/term options described above.  That's 400 mm/d of demand for a 150 mm/d project.  Can we sell 100 to the guys who want option 1 ($.60/5 yrs) and the remaining 50 to the 10 yr/$.45 guys?  That really hoses the recourse bidders.  Do we have to cover the recourse demand first and then allocate the remaining capacity pro rata to everyone else? Pro rata to everyone?  Under the rule that negotiated rate bids have to be deemed to be at max rate for purposes of allocation, pro rata to everyone may be the right answer.  Or at least its the answer until we've filled the recourse rate guys' orders, then we can give the remaining capacity to the neg. rate guys whose bids we value most highly (using some objective nondiscriminatory calculation of course).   Ugh.  Susan and Steve--please take a crack at questions 2-4.  I think 1 is answered already.  I haven't done any research yet, so maybe these questions are easier than they currently seem to me.  Get me and MKM on the phone at your convenience to discuss.  We've gotta move quick so the marketers can get out and sell this stuff.  DF 
 Generally good.  Madden is generally pro market and has a pretty good relationship with Stan and Shelley.  DF 
 Colleen has some useful expertise because of her work on the Clifton Machine Shop project (i.e., setting up a new business entity within the ETS organization).  Tony and Lee have some time if Colleen's plate is full. Either one of them, relying on Colleen for "best practices" input as needed, might be a good team.  DF 
 I'm on a call until about 10.  I'll come down and try to grab you and susan and lets call MKM and get a plan.  df 
 pls print for my wed. mtg.  thanks. df 
 I'm on a conf. call with Minnegasco from 8-10 Friday.  Please go forward without me and I'll circle back in later.  My view is that we need to look hard at a second expansion project, maybe jointly with Questar or someone else (Mojave?) that goes all the way to the market.  We may be semi-serious about the within-Cal. portion of the project, but it would be great potential leverage against the utilities and CPUC.  df 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 What the hell is going on with you???  I'm bored and lonely--and will be in DC on the 20 and 21st.  Any chance of drinking and cigar smoking??  We got a nice note from your mom and it sounds like  Rollie is doing great.  That was super to hear.  Take care dude.  DF 
 Jim--its been a long time since I bothered you!  Congrats (tentatively) on the settlement with the Navajos--sounds to me like you and Mr Soldano did some fine work!  We still haven't pulled the trigger on arbitration of the OneOk imbalance (the measurement issue) but we are getting closer.  Before we do, I wanted to get your thoughts on our "two prong" strategy once again.  You will recall that we intend to initiate the arbitration and simultaneously file a dec action in Texas state court.  That approach is described briefly in the attached pleading.  The pleading is pretty brief and terse--both Grant Harvey at Gibbs and Bruns and Britt wanted to keep the dec action as straightforward as possible.  I'll ask my secretary to block off an hour sometime this afternoon or early next week if your schedule permits.  I look forward to talking with you!  Thanks.  DF 
 Carter Phillips is going to have his partner, that noted litigator, the one and only Phil Nowak, argue the case!  When you gonna be up here on Monday??? Let me know--I'll be at the office on Mon. PM.  df 
 Get a dog???  My view on that is why bother getting a dog when you can have just as much fun letting the wife and kids treat you like one?  Congrats on the hush hush thing--that's great and well deserved!!  Keep watching your back--you just became a bigger target!!  DF 
 Either I didn't fully understand the December Texas Eastern order or else FERC has just put a new and unhelpful spin on it.  The Thursday rehearing order dramatically changes how the "shipper must have title" rule applies to acquisitions of upstream capacity.   I thought the Dec. order pretty clearly allowed a pipe to acquire upstream capacity and then resell that capacity under the acquiring pipeline's rate schedules.  FERC specifically held that the "shipper must have title" policy won't be applied if the acquiring pipe treats the acquired capacity "as though it were part of its own system".  (p. 61,886)  The Dec. order even cited TW's acquisition of park n ride capacity from PG&E as an example of the type of transaction that (I thought) could be done without advance Commission approval.   Now, FERC explains that it did not intend a "blanket waiver" of the shipper must have title policy.   Pipes can still acquire upstream capacity without advance FERC permission, but only if the acquiring pipe is going to use the acquired capacity for operational needs or to resell under the selling pipe's release mechanism.  If the acquiring pipe wants to use the acquired capacity to support sales of service under the acquiring pipe's rate schedules, a specific waiver of the "must have title" policy is required (see FN 20 and text).   We are right back to where we started.  I guess the orders signal that FERC is  much more likely to grant waivers of the "must have title" policy than in the past, but I don't think we are good to go to acquire upstream storage, for example, and resell it as FDD or IDD until we get permission first.  Shelley--let me know if you hear any expressions of outrage from other pipes.  This might be worth chasing on rehearing since it is such a clear about face by FERC. 
 Anything from Knippa???  DF 
 Pls forward it to Kathy Ringblom in my group in Omaha.  We'll handle.  That guy's a bargain.  Thanks. df 
 Outstanding!!  Its great to see a South Dakota guy get the recognition he s= o=20 richly deserves!  Congratulations Steve!  DF 
 pls print asap.  thanks. DF 
 The way I understand the suggestion, we will always be able to change a slate if we need to.  This puts more of the responsibility on us to keep the names updated if any changes need to be made.  I guess I have no problem with that as long as we can develop a systematic way of handling this and then be disciplined about following that system.  Bill--I suspect you will end up being our "system" so are you up to it? 
 Why would PGT do that????  If there was that much demand, you'd think they would have been able to extract a neg. rate deal for something north of max for a shorter term.  Maybe that shipper demanded the recourse rate.  Weird. By the way--good memo to Shelley on Red Rock.  df 
 Very artful--I think this resolves MKM's concern but I'll defer to her on= =20 that.  This approach does also give us more commercial flexibility which I= =20 think the marketers should like.  df 
 Please put me down for one large crock pot of "Phossum's Phamous Pheasant= =20 Chili."  Its actually not that famous, but its pretty darn good if I may sa= y=20 so myself!  DF=20 
 pls print the first document only.  thanks. df 
 Thanks for the vote!  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.. .thanks. df 
 sorry--I left you off the list.  df 
 fyi 
 Cool--my law beanie is getting a little tight lately.  Stan communicated to= =20 Oneok that we want to keep the dialogue going and that arbitrating the=20 measurement issue is necessary so we can clear it out of the way and allow= =20 everyone to focus on bigger issues.  I don't know if they bought it, but if= =20 we approach them (maybe at the Stan level) with potential business deals it= =20 will tend to validate the message Stan sent them.  We haven't heard anythin= g=20 since we launched the arbitration on Friday, so I'm not sure if they are=20 ballistic or not.  Given Stan's message to them (Kathy--pls forward Stan's= =20 letter to Jeff) I think he ought to either raise the West Texas line himsel= f=20 or else tee it up by calling his counterparts and letting them know what we= re=20 up to so there is no confusion.  Maybe you or Harris could bring it up at t= he=20 Mon. meeting or sooner if necessary.   Let me know if you want me involved = in=20 that conversation.  Thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks. Df 
 We've checked and  have no problem.  DF    Molly Sample @ EOTT 02/26/2001 07:08 PM 
 Thanks.  My guess is that someone ought to go and represent TW.  Fawcett and Harris ought to make that call.  Jeff D:  I assume you know who Lad Lorenz is.  Either Jeff:  does Lad's involvement signal anything to us--i.e., is he their "get stuff done guy" or their "try to look like you are getting stuff done guy" ?  DF 
 I got Jim Derrick's sign off on V & E on the patent for Kim and Martha--bring the guy in  and get him acquainted with them and keep me posted.  thanks. df 
 Great idea--I don't have any specific suggestions to add to this checklist, but I encourage all of you to help Susan get this finalized.  I know you guys have all worked hard on these deals and I appreciate that hard work and your patience.  We all deserve a system that works more smoothly, so lets take Susan's lead and create one!  Thanks.  DF 
 FYI.  DF 
 In anticipation of potential litigation involving TW's operational activities, please prepare an analysis for me of the reasons for TW's sale of excess natural gas at the California border.  I am aware of several of these sales and have been  informed that excess pressure at the border is the basic reason for them.  I'd like a more specific explanation that includes the following information: 1.  What are the specific pressures and volume considerations that could make it operationally necessary to sell gas at the California border? 2.  What is the process that is followed to make such a determination? 3.  Which individuals or groups are involved in determining whether an operational sale is necessary? 4.  In what way have system operations changed since last year and how do those changes contribute to the increased frequency of such sales compared to previous years? 5. What alternatives to operational sales are considered before the decision to make a sale is reached?  Thanks for your attention to this request.  Please give me a call to discuss and please designate your response as "Privileged and Confidential, Attorney Client Privileged." 
 I haven't seen a contract yet on the original 33,000 on TW but Susan thought the deal was going to be done--she's checking to see where the holdup is.  On the El Paso capacity, Mavrix never submitted a bid.  I think the deadline got past us before we were ready.  df 
 Julia and Steve--here are some questions I've sent to Darrell on the TW Cal. border line pack sales.  I'd like him to pull in the right people to get me the answers so we will be prepared if we need to explain these events. Darrell--I thought I'd better let your bosses know that I've been putting more stuff on your already full plate.  Thanks all.  DF 
 Approved.  DF 
 do we have a date for interviewing Tim Mccarty yet?  Did I send him a letter?  df 
 Note new cost limits for building laterals within our existing blanket authorization (i.e., without seeking a specific certificate).  The $$ is probably still not high enough to give us ability to build the whole project, but it may give us some flexibility.  Thanks MKM. Also, has any one heard from Tino or Dennis in the last week or so?  I left Tino some voicemails on a question he had left for me, and the name of the Enron windmill guy, but haven't heard back.  Do we need to schedule a follow-up meeting with them to talk about turbine availability and regulatory options, etc? DF 
 Acapulco.  You guys are weak.  I take my wife to South Dakota for vacation and you losers boondoggle in sunny Mexico.  I guess its necessary since you will have snow on the ground until June!  Yours in jealousy, DF 
 I'll be unavailable--sorry.  DF 
 Pls get on cips rims or whatever the hell it is and get Kern's max tariff rate for FT.  I'm getting convinced that the Kern neg. rate deal will feature prominantly in our defense.  DF 
 Update on ski conditions on the western front--doesn't sound bad at all! Glad you're coming up man!  DF 
 Man, I did sound a little testy--due to my own inability to remember which one of those stupid FERC acronyms is which.  df 
 Approved.  DF 
 Thanks!  I agree-lets stay offline on possible deals.  DF 
 I got the call today.  Got the job.  I feel like the dog that caught the car--enjoyed the chase but don't know quite what to do with the car.  DF 
 Shit--I knew I forgot something!  My boss leaves for good on April one, so I'll be spending 3 or so days a wk in Hou starting now.  I'll be the VP and General Counsel of Enron Transportation Services, which is the division that runs all the pipelines.  Yeeha.  I agree about getting together--when you coming down to visit the sister in law?  Maybe we can run up to MPLS for a boondoggle.  Also, I'll be in DC the 22d and 23d of March--where are you?  DF 
 It did in fact keep me up half the night but I did in fact remember it. Akamai Technologies.  Not sushi, not teriaki, just Akamai.  More value-added service from the legal dept.  DF 
 Thanks Bill!  As to replacing myself, this is a great opportunity to get someone in that spot that actually knows something!  If you have any ideas on people I should talk to please give me a call.  DF 
 Thanks!  I wouldn't miss it, even if I have to make it out of Texas armadillo!  df 
 Thanks Dan!  df 
 Thanks Steve!  df 
 Thanks Sharon!  df 
 Thanks Mike!  I'll miss it but I suspect I'll get back a lot to bother you guys!  df 
 Thanks Jim!  I'm looking forward to the challenge!  df 
 Thanks Dana!  Maybe we'll be neighbors! df 
 Sandra--nice of them!   df 
 I didn't have a chance to really study the draft, but it looked good to me. go for it.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks!  We are looking forward to it in a big way--mostly because its still winter up in the big O!  df 
 Thanks LD!  I'm sure I'll be spending a bunch of time in both places!  DF 
 Thanks!  I'll keep the Nebraska plates for about a year just like you kept your Texas plates after you moved up north! 
 Thanks!  DF 
 Thanks man!  Just for old time's sake, I'll drop by Pacific Springs and bounce a few off the ole' shack this summer! 
 pls print for me.  thanks  df 
 Thanks Bob--and you're right about winter!  df 
 no--I dont' get these so thanks for inviting me!  this one does sound good but unfortunately I'll be on my way to DC for the sla mtg.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  df 
 I don't see any problem with this transaction since it appears to be limited to Louisiana assets, but the issue of whether we are impacted by the noncompete agreement strikes me as a commercial call.  Please let me know if you have any problem with the transaction and I will pursue it.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. 
 Thanks Jeff!  One big benefit is that I'll be down here so I can keep a closer eye on you guys!  df 
 I blew you guys off this am--couldn't handle 5:30 am two days in a row!  I did get my three miles in , but at the more civilized hour of 6:30 am.  It almost killed me!  see you soon,  df 
 Here it is.  The format's a little screwed up, but what do you expect from me? 
 Well, I've gotten myself into a fine kettle of fish.  Got any advice on how to handle the new job?  (or is this like asking the one legged man how to avoid land mines?) 
 A couple of additional thoughts on this morning's conversation:  1.  if we really think the next 6 or 8 months will sort out the takeaway and receipt point capacity issues, why not bet the whole farm and try to hold onto the whole 150 mm/d until next winter or fall and see if the perceived value goes up?  We could tell Calpine "no" on their bid and hold them off for several months "negotiating" if that's what we thought would lead to the best value.  I don't personally think this would be a prudent approach, but its where our logic leads in the extreme, so we'd better be prepared to explain why getting the bird in the hand from Calpine is smart.  2.  We'll research the question of whether we can reject any recourse bids that come in over the next 6-8 months if we decide to hold onto the 60 mm/d for awhile.  I've thought about it a bit more and I'm pretty sure you're not going to like the answer.  First, FERC says we've got to have a recourse rate in place for all capacity, new or old.  One reason is that there needs to be a max rate that applies to long term capacity releases.  We have the option on new projects to go with the existing max tariff rate or a new incrementally designed rate.  We are going with the existing tariff rate on RedRock.  Fine, but that makes the existing rate the recourse rate for all purposes.  FERC's logic will be that TW could sell all of the RedRock capacity at recourse rates (currently $.38) and never suffer a revenue shortfall even if future rate cases reduce TW's overall rates, because the costs of all TW's facilities--including the new project--will be considered in the next rate case.  Think about it--our rates will only go down in the future if the ENTIRE cost of service goes down.  We'd never "lose money" on RedRock, but we might not make as much as we could have made with an 15 year fixed $.38 negotiated rate.  There is another  approach.  We could have Mavrix submit a binding bid right now for the 60 mm/d and just flat out sell it to them.  That would send a pretty strong signal to the market that we are serious about deadlines.  The downside of that aggressive approach is that it would get us into the same mess that El Paso finally got themselves out of, with Amoco, Dynegy and the whole gang beating the crap out of us.  I'm not to fired up about this approach for that reason.  I'll give you a call Monday after I've picked our best regulatory brains on these issues.  DF 
 remind me to call Mike and see if I need to be at thsi.  I don't think so but I'll let him make the call.  df 
 Thanks Craig!  I'll look forward to seeing your smilin' face more frequently!  [Actually that will be tough since I currently see it at least twice a day on a life size billboard in the Omaha office lobby!!]  df 
 Thanks for the very kind voice mail, Joe!  Sandra and I are really excited about the move and I'm sure the kids will be eager for another visit!  See you soon.  df 
 THANKS!  I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO JUMP ME ON THE APRIL 1 DEAL BUT YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE SO FAR!!!!!  ITS NOT LIKE PEOPLE TO PASS UP A FREE SHOT AT A LAWYER!  DF 
 This shouldn't impact ET&S since it is limited to Louisiana, but I've routed it to our commercial people for a quick double check.  If you don't hear from me by Monday, ET&S is OK.  Thanks.  DF 
 could you please fill out all my junk on htis.  thankss df 
 I think it looks good.  df 
 Thanks to all of you for the kind words and very thoughtful flowers and wine!  We enjoyed both as we watched our 27th snowstorm of the year this weekend.  (Houston's looking better and better with each blizzard).  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Are we all on the same page that this is OK?  Is MKM's group good on it?  (I didn't see anyone from her group listed on the distribution). DF 
 Thanks Lynn!  I'm sure we'll see a lot more of each other!  df=20 
 Pheasantsrus???  What a great email address!  I'll hang on to us in case ole' Jim sells us down the river for next year!  Talk to you.  df 
 Pls route Mary Kay and I on the next draft of the policy.  Rod mentioned this morning that a new version would be coming out soon.  Thanks df 
 Barbara:  in case my voice mails didn't make sense, see the final section of Shelley's paper on valuation.  ETS is working through INGAA to push in a direction that is inconsistent with where Paul and Mark were hoping BLM will go.  DF 
 pls print  thanks df 
 Actually, Mike, the cost benefit for you guys is pretty good since the hassle is mostly on the legal and regulatory folks where it belongs!   Seriously, the quarterly FERC filing I mentioned needs to be done anyway as I understand it because we use it to apprise FERC of various changes in our compliance. Since Rich's folks out there don't ordinarily have access to "confidential transportation related information" except maybe for occasional advance info on operational problems or outages, there shouldn't be much need for training or risk of accidental disclosures.  There is no filing fee or other out of pocket cost, and we are, as always,  eager to help with any deals that might bring some value to ET&S or Corp.  (and who knows how valuable a little sucking up to EES might be in the long run!?) .  Just let us know what you decide to do and we'll get the paperwork done.  Thanks.  DF 
 Lets defer to MKM's group on whether to seek a waiver on this.  I don't see any real value to us of solving Mewbourne's problems for them.  DF 
 I would have jumped yesterday but couldn't figure out how to get my window open.  Since I'm on the 7th floor and the snowdrift goes up to the 4th, it wouldn't have done much good anyway.  Know of any good part time jobs--I need to supplement the ole' retirement plan!  df 
 Hey, great talking to you.  I appreciate your willingness to talk to David about the DOE situation.  He's a great guy and one of the best substantive lawyers I've met.  Short bio--U. of Missouri undergrad, Northwestern law school.  He was a staffer after law school on the House or Senate Ag committee--I can't remember which.  Big time federalist society member and knows all those ultra-right winger types.  He was my partner at Wiley Rein and Fielding and was the right hand man of Dick Wiley and Fred Fielding among the younger partners--kind of an enforcer, future executive committee type (he kept me from getting fired a couple of times--I'm sure he regrets that now).  Dave wasn't an energy lawyer originally, but did a lot of work on my client stuff and took over my natural gas clients after I left Wiley.  He also did a lot of electric restructuring stuff (he was one of the lead lawyers for Penn. Power and Light and United Illuminating on the Order 888 compliance filings and Nepool and PJM Power Pool open access restructurings).   He's a Missouri native and got tired of the DC law firm rat race and moved to KC.  Currently a partner at Blackwell Sanders Peper Martin--does a lot of Utilicorp/Aquila stuff as you'd expect.  Dave's direct dial at work is 816-983-8385 and his home number is 816-407-9026.  Mark--anything you can do to give this guy a sense of what life is like at DOE would be great.  I'm not sure how seriously Dave is being considered for the DOE Dep. GC spot, but I know that Fred Fielding and Dick Wiley have done some pushing on his behalf.  It may be that a call from you to someone out there might put him over the hump.  I'll leave that for you and he to discuss.  Thanks and good luck with your various adventures!  df 
 Porter and the whole gang called me while you were at lunch MKM.  I'll give you a full report when I get off this conf. call but short answer is they don't want to meet next wk and want us to provide a bunch more info and then meet.  DF 
 pls print.  t hanks df 
 Count me in!  df 
 Could one of you guys get me rsvp'd for this please?  I don't need any CLE credit.  Thanks df 
 COOL!  I didn't know you guys were that far down the road on this project. Congratulations and best wishes for further success!  DF 
 Pls print for me--Mike, thanks for offering me a copy but I had it on the computer after all.  Thanks.  df 
 Yes he did, and i'm good with you starting full time down there next wk. Maria and I have talked about it also.  df 
 Thanks Ranelle!  As for the marketing folks, one benefit is I'll be down=20 there riding shotgun on those TW guys!  df 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 Please let him know I'll try to call her on Thur. PM.  thanks.  df 
 pls print this for me with the cover memo.  thanks. df 
 Would it make sense to have Lee and Bill follow up on this?  I don't know what's involved but hopefully not much.  Lee and Bill, absent contrary guidance from Lou, please handle this.  Thanks. df 
 pls print with emails.  thanks df 
 pls print this email also.  thanks df 
 thanks df 
 I got your message and understand you can't get all of us and Steve Harris in a meeting before Friday.  Lets do it this way:  I'll call Maria and MKM tomorrow am to discuss what we have learned so far and I'll grab Steve separately to update him.  No need for all of us in one meeting.  Thanks for trying.  df 
 Did our HR guys get the apartment lined up for me yet?  I'd like to get that available for my trip to Houston next wk.    DF 
 Lets talk tomorrow about the whole basket of TW issues, including this one. thanks. df 
 Great--Martha, pls get me in here for next wk.  I'll be down in Hou all wk I think.  I would like to see what else is available, so why don't you give me a call on Monday afternoon in Houston and we'll figure out when would work to take a look.  Thanks.  DF  (Martha--ignore my earlier email on this subject) 
 Gracias.  DF 
 Please draft up some language that can be added to this policy to satisfy Mike's concern.  Run it by me and we'll send it to Rod.  Thanks df 
 Maria, I won't have a chance to look at this until Friday--pls take a look and get back to Bill.  Grab me if you hav3e any questions.  df 
 Yes--that would be great.  Please remind me what changes need to be made--removing mike from the operating company officer slates, etc.  I guess.  df 
 I'm going down Sunday night--which flight are you on?  df 
 I'm good with it, but have one question.  In par. 2, does the reference to Sec. 13 of the tariff incorporate the lottery method?  I think that's what we are getting at with that reference and I'm ok with it, but I just wanted to confirm that's what we meant.  Thanks. df 
 The author was obviously not aware that the Enron pipelines pride themselves in having standardized our "operational nuisances" !!  df 
 Thanks Ann--I won't move until Summer, but am aware of this issue (Mike Moran reminded me that an Omaha replacement needs to be found).  I've asked our paralegal Bill Brown to help find likely suspects but if you have an idea let me know what we need to do.  Thanks.  df 
 Thanks Bill--see my other email.  We'll let them suggest a name.  df 
 Can i get those forms to you on Mon?  Thanks df 
 I need an extension--I'll give you any comments I have tomorrow by email.  If I have any feel free to blame me for slowing down the process! 
 Yes--I just need the part that deals with that guy's attempt to jack up the price of the power line or plant before selling it to Mon. Power.  Thakks.  DF 
 That is unclear at this time--I'll consider this and as I'm not moving for awhile, this may be the easy fix.  Thanks. df 
 Thanks--I'll pass that info on to the employment guys.  df 
 Good--the "to the extent that" phrase is appropriately ambiguous on what actually happened--should make Harris happy.  DF 
 Wow--softball questions.  Two thoughts:  1, should we be gentler on the "lack of takeaway capacity" issue?  Steve would know how to play this given Socal's position.  2,  Did McKinsey check with Enron before taking this assignment from Cal?  The lack of conflict of interest rules in the consultant world never ceases to amaze me.  That being said, McKinsey is probably the best outfit we could hope for to take this investigation over for Cal.  I'd like to be on the call to be sure our script for FERC on the neg. rate deals dovetails with what we tell these guys.  Let me know when the call will be. We may know what the TW FERC order says before this conversation with McKinsey happens so lets talk again before the call.  Thanks.  df 
 Got any ideas on who would be the best person in our group to work on this? Thanks.  df 
 Here are my comments--I'd like to take out the stuff about the rate and any implication that we have flexible terms and conditions.  DF 
 FYI.  Feel free to sit in so you have a better sense of what you might face at the CPUC workshop on the 17th.  I'm not sure where we'll do this--probably either Shelley's or Steve's office.  DF 
 I think we do say that in the "to the extent we didn't get binding bids for all of the capacity" sentence.  With that clarification, I think we ought to get this posted and the letters out to shippers.  Susan--make it so. Thanks.  df 
 Thanks--I appre ciate your willingness to help.  One thought Dot had is that it might make sense to use someone (i.e., Denise or Ja) who does the actual entry of payables into SAP.  Do you do any of that stuff directly on SAP? Stop by and grab me for a minute and we'll decide who to use for this.  df 
 Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.  DF  All:  Please take a look at this article.  El Paso's inartful internal documents are creating the same kind of fun for them that Microsoft had during the recent antitrust unpleasantness.  I know that we can't control the way people think about issues such as market behavior, price strategy, etc. We can, however, remind ourselves and our clients to be very precise and careful in the way we talk about, and particularly, write about, such issues.  I'd like each of us and our clients to keep problems like El Paso's and Microsoft's in mind when we put pen to paper or fingers to keyboard. Thanks.  df 
 Great!  Pull the trigger on both.  I'll let MKM know that both docs are strokes of genius.  Go ahead and get the op control agreement signed by relevant parties and sent to the proper place.  Gracias and good work!  DF 
 Sorry to take so long--Denise Lagesse of our group has graciously volunteered to represent us on this effort.  Please call me directly if you need my input or if I can do anything else to help.  Thanks Denise.  df 
 for my schedule 
 I will be at Derrick's meeting in San Anton. all day (but would rather be at Dot's!)  DF 
 Congratulations Adam, and welcome to ETS to both of you!!  You guys may not have heard this, but Mike Moran is retiring and I'm taking over for him as general counsel of the ETS organization.  Does this all mean that I'm your lawyer again just like in the old Zond days???  Weird.  Good luck and best wishes!  DF 
 Thanks Jean!  Emily--sounds like it will happen soon.  DF 
 Great.  DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Tell him I'm already migrated to Windows 2000, but that they just havent' put outlook on it yet. Maybe that will help.  df 
 I could see accruing $100,000 for legal fees on the ONeOk arbitration--which will be concluded in May.  We could also reserve against OneOk's counterclaim--which is about $4 million.  We expect a final arbitration decision 15 days after close of the hearing which should be well within the 2d quarter.  We may decide to use post-hearing briefs, however, which might push the decision into the third quarter.  Let me know if either of these is worth pursuing.  DF 
 First question:  "yes."  Maria, please draft something up for Mike.  Second question: "your call."  Maria or I could be available if you think it would be productive.  If they are going to get into any deal structure issues, or any questions on the documents, its probably a good idea.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls get the Quarter Forecast Meeting on my schedule.  thanks df 
 Here are the stray facts I mentioned: Sulfur River system:  1200 miles of gathering in East Texas and some treating/processing approx. 170 mmcf/d of throughput currently; significant growth expected from new drilling [?] EBITDA:  $40mm/yr Rex Kouri (sp?) is the founding equity in Sulfur River  (I haven't heard of him, but they acted like I should have) An outfit named "Energy Spectrum" put $30 mm in equity into Sulfur River a few years ago and thinks now would be a good time to cash out $90 mm in debt $1/mmbtu gath/proc. margins The guys I talked to said the Sulfur River assets, coupled with the Koch upstream assets in the area, would make an interesting combined play. Koch was asking $200 mil. for their gathering assets a year ago or so--I don't know if its the exact set of assets that Pat and Jerry were suggesting we'd want to include in the package.  The two guys involved are Pat Keeley, of Friedman Billings and Ramsay in DC and Jerry Langdon (the ex-FERC Commissioner), who is an investor/dealmaker. Let me know if you want me to get these guys to come in and pitch this deal to you/your team.  Reminder--Langdon is talking to Stan on the 10th on EOTT and he may bug Stan about this stuff, so it may be good to get to Stan first.  DF 
 I had a prior obligation at lunch on Mon.  We need to reschedule the Leadership Dev. mtg.  Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time? Sorry, I know I've disrupted this twice n ow!  I'm good for lunch on Wed if that would work for everyone.  df 
 Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily).  I'll be in Houston this Monday so just come to my office at 8:30 if you are both here.  Dot, pls cover the staff meeting on Monday, April 9 as I'll be on vacation.  Also, pls cover the Derrick large GC meeting at 9:00 am on April 12 as I'll be at NN's Keyex meeting in Cal.  (I may be able to call in to this but would like you to cover anyway in case something goes haywire). Thanks df 
 I've asked Fran to reschedule this--sorry.  df 
 This may be a good idea, but lets not forget that BP is the entity formerly known as "BP Amoco" which, if I'm not mistaken, is the home of Jeff Hooligan.  That guy sees evil in every pipeline deal,a nd may not have even known that his commercial people were doing deals with TW.  I'd like to think that the commercial people at BP have more clout than Hooligan and Kathy Edwards, but I wouldn't bet the ranch on that.  df 
 That's a better idea.  df 
 Are we still considering adding ETS-owned generation at one or more of the TW compressor stations in Arizona or NM?  In case that is still a possibility, let me pass on something we may want to follow up on.  I called an old law partner of mine from DC who is now in the generation development business this week to have lunch and catch up.  This guy says he has come up with a good formula for getting new generation built fast and cheap.  He's got an 80mw nameplate simple cycle project (two frame 6 turbines) under development in Utah that he started development on a month ago and is projected to go in service on July 1.  Pretty quick work compared to other projects I've seen. Here's his racket:  1.  He gets used, first quality turbines that have been well maintained.  His Utah turbines are something like 2 year old GE units that he bought from Tokyo Electric (he said they had 4000 hours on them and were maintained in typical electric utility gold plated style).  He didn't say, but I suspect there is no warranty on the units.  Obviously, this isn't a bold new strategy, but this guy claims to have a good handle on available used equipment.  2.  His siting/permitting strategy is to use "brownfield" sites--i.e., existing industrial or utility infrastructure is there along with some existing air emissions sources.  His Utah site is at the Magnesium Corp. of America plant on the Great Salt Lake. Magcorp is an ex-client of mine and I know it is a huge emissions source and has no Nimby issues.  Our compressor sites, in contrast, are not major emissions sites but may have some other things in common with this strategy.  3.  Here's a mysterious one--he says the financing is backstopped by the site owner (Magcorp in his project, potentially us if we do a TW project) but the corporate structure he has designed results in the power plant being treated as a non-controlled, non-affiliated entity for air permitting purposes.  That means the power plant emissions are not treated as part of the same emissions source as the host/site.  I'm not sure how/whether this works in a TW scenario, but it might be worth looking at.  We'd need to make sure that any power plant deal we chase doesn't screw up the timetable on the RedRock expansion application at FERC.  MKM--if we could preserve the "separate source" concept for air permitting purposes, could we even start work on developing a power project soon or would we be better off to wait until we have a FERC certificate in hand??  Let me know if there is anything worth pursuing on this.  I'm having lunch with this guy on Mon. and will probably learn more.  The thing he is proudest of is that given the low permitting cost and relatively cheap cost of installed capacity, the project is expected to pay for itself in TWO MONTHS and then generate 100% upside.  Sounds good to me if its real.  DF 
 pls print for me--I can't access a printer.  thanks df 
 Sorry, I forgot to answer your last question.  I think its fine to send the documents out to Hanover.  Even if some of the blanks are not filled in, we can get their lawyers looking at the structure.  DF 
 This sounds great--I take it that they are still seeking interconnects with us and El Paso, but it sounds like an FT agreement for most or all of their MDQ may be likely.  Super.  df 
 Lou--could you cover the Derrick meeting on the 12th if Dot is stuck on a hanging jury?    Again, I expect to be on the phone from Cal., but would like one of you guys on also in Houston in case of telecom screwups (which follow me whereever I go).  Thanks.  df 
 Sorry, I read the other email first--you guys have me covered quite well.  I think the staff meeting formerly known as Mikes is on Tuesday Mar. 3, right Emily??  I didn't have anything on my calendar on the 12th.  Emily, you might want to send an email around reminding everyone of the Mar. 3 all-lawyers meeting and the secretary meeting just in case some people are assuming I'll schedule mine at different times.  Thanks all. 
 Got lunch plans?  Lets talk about this at 12:30--my joint.  (I'll buy) df 
 pls follow up on this.  I can't remember if I've rsvpd or not. thanks.  df 
 I had the IT guys reschedule my outlook migration.  They should call you tues.  How about doing it wed night when I'm on a plane?  thanks df 
 Hey I'm watching your fair city on the tube--I suppose you are at the NCAA final.  I'm stuck down here in Houston again--been down here at least 3 days every week for a month.  Sandra digs it--at least I'm out of her face.  She was down here last week with me for 3 days looking at schools and houses with the 3 girls.  That car was full of bitching, whining and crying.  And the kids got a little cranky too.  Gonna come and visit us???  We'll probably move in August--bring your dad's pickup and you can help!  What a great time to move when its 200 degrees and the fire ants and poisonous lizards are in full frenzy.  Ugh.  We've gotta hook up with you guys before then.  We're out for Easter week, but we'll need a quick road trip eventually.  It would also be cool if you guys want to come down--Omaha would seem like Cancun after the winter you've had!  Take care dude. DF 
 no--golf's great!  df 
 Did we ever look at that storage project up near Sacramento?  I think its called Lodi.  I heard today that El Paso may be close to buying it.  Why would they buy an intrastate, CPUC-regulated storage project??  Maybe to backstop their generation portfolio??  df 
 pls print w/email.  thanks df 
 Hey, give me a number where Sandra can reach Merrilee--she got a lead from a friend on a Dis. 66 house.  DF 
 Great.  I've put in a couple of minor changes--pls crank out a clean (non redlined) copy and email it back to me.  For now, lets take out the sentence indicating Sempra's agreement.  Also, delete the privilege header.  I want Georgetta to have a clean copy she can circulate internally in her shop.  In my cover email to her I'll suggest the sentence I'd like to be able to include.  MKM and others--please let me know if I'm good to go on sending this to Georgetta.  Thanks.  df 
 Is it appropriate for a conference sponsor to use our name like this??? They've twisted our attendence into something approaching an endorsement. Should we send a nasty letter?  df 
 Thanks Brian.  I'd delete ", oil and gas pipeline" and replace it with "utility" at the end of line 3 to make it a bit broader.  Also, I've run this by Lou and Dot for their input.  If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.   Thanks.  df 
 Can anyone remember if they worked on this last year?  I only remember that I didn't know what it was then and I still don't know what it is.   Thanks.  DF 
 Lets talk about this--you or I probably have the most to add in a group like this, but Lee may be the right choice because she is in Houston.  Thanks.  DF 
 As I mentioned in my voice mail, please check up on the signing bonus we agreed to pay Tony Pryor.  He didn't get it and we need to get that fixed asap.  I'll be at 37555 tomorrow and back in Omaha Monday.  If you learn something tomorrow and can't get ahold of me, please leave me a voice mail. Thanks.  DF 
 Per our discussion at lunch, excellent memo.  I don't know if it will make= =20 John and Rockey feel any better, but the emphasis on results is exactly the= =20 right message. =20 
 Great--thanks for the thorough work.  DF 
 Me too.  Procrastination pays off again!  DF 
 I don't think I have this information.  Do you?  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
 Are you on of this?  DF 
 Please send it to me--I'm not sure its a good fit in our dept., but I'll discuss with our group.  Thanks. DF 
 Please join me in congratulating our colleagues on their promotions.  Dari Dornan, Maria Pavlou and Jim Talcott have been promoted to Senior Counsel III, effective June 1.  Additionally, Kathy Ringblom has been promoted to Senior Legal Assistant, also effective June 1.  Congratulations, Dari, Maria, Jim and Kathy and thank you for your motivation, enthusiasm, and consistently high quality work!  DF 
 I am advised that some of you have not exhibited the requisite amount of "pep."  For lawyers and paralegals, you need to pick your reviewers online if you haven't already done so.  5 or 6 would be sufficient althought the computer lets you pick up to 10.  For those of you who picked more than 5 or 6 I have reduced that number, based on my thoughts about which of your chosen reviewers have had the most direct contact with you and are most likely to give a thorough review.  Let me know if you think I really blew it.  For secretaries, the online stuff is optional.  If you don't use it, I will solicit input from the people you work with like I have in the past and consolidate it with my own comments on one form.   Thanks.  DF 
 I believe Allday is being deposed in Austin, which is still the capital of Texas, not the United States (although I understand that our next president is thinking about changing that!)  DF 
 Jean, I'm on the road in Houston and can't get into PEP.  It doesn't show up as an icon on the laptop when I get online throught the dial up program. Please let me know how to get into it as I've got about a hundred reviews to do and I'll be on the road constantly for a couple weeks.  Thanks. dF 
 Dave, I've had a technical conference come up at FERC on the 20th in a matt= er=20 that I'm responsible for.  Bill strongly suggested that I go to DC.  Now, I= =20 may not be a rocket scientist, but I see pretty clearly the wisdom of=20 following Bill's advice.  I've let Mike Moran know and at Bill's suggestion= ,=20 asked him if he'd like a substitute to stand in for me (maybe Lou Soldano?)= . =20 Judging from the list of participants in this PRC, I assume I was partly an= =20 ET&S representative and partly a GPG law representative.   I note that ET&S= =20 is already pretty well represented with Neubauer,  Julia and Mike Nelson. = =20 Without me, there is noone from law, but our people have already been PRC'd= =20 anyway.  I'll leave it to you and Mike to decide if my spot needs to be=20 filled with someone from GPG law.  Sorry about this--just one more bit of= =20 evidence that I "have issues."  DF 
 Here's one for you to chew on for awhile.  As we approach the transition to a new organizational structure in ET&S, let's rethink the role and competencies of the legal department.  I'd like each of you to answer the following questions and circulate your answers to me and each other.  To avoid having anyone's answers unduly influenced by anyone else's, please send your responses at 12 noon on Thursday.  No, this isn't being graded, and doesn't affect the PRC process or any other process.  I just want to get access to as much original thinking as possible.  1.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently best at?  (give one example).  2.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently worst at?  (give one example).  3.  Without regard for any past objectives, what should our top 3 objectives be?  (make these very specific--objectives like "We should manage legal and regulatory compliance and optimize shareholder value"  don't cut it).  Thanks for your responses.  DF 
 I think we both ought to (and the shippers as well if someone can talk them into filing).  We aren't a shipper but we do get happy customers and maybe even more throughput from the deal, so we clearly have a legitimate interest in expedited treatment.   DF 
 Got plans for lunch on  Wed. sep. 27th?  I'll be down and eager to chat.  DF 
 Interesting.  I'll work with MKM and Maria on getting answers to AA's questions and comments.  I think we can eliminate the specific cross references between the two agreements, but is that the real problem or is AA going to choke on our execution of both agreements with the same party? (that's a tough one to wire around, if it is their real concern).  Thanks.  DF 
 Steve!  I was sorry to hear that you have been out sick and generally having a hard time.  Hope you are feeling better and that it is nothing serious. The rumor is that the most likely cause of your headaches is you colleagues. No surprise there!  Adios, DF 
 Christmas pics?  Didn't you get the Christmas card with pics?  We shouldn't have outsourced the mail room function--quality control has gone to hell. Come to Omaha and hang out for a couple of days and I'll give you some pics in person!  DF 
 STEAKS?  We got em--stay at our joint and eat big meat 3 times daily.  I've got the grill set up so I can flip steaks while sitting in the hot tub drinking beer--its sort of like that Yahoo TV commercial where the sad eskimo family radically changes their lifestyle by ordering the grill and hot tub off the web.  DF 
 Interesting idea!  Hopefully we can find a simpler approach, but I don't see any inherent problem with something like that if it seems to make the most financial sense.  Thanks. df 
 Cindy, attached is a memo to Stan on the Conoco case.  He had asked for this analysis to help him prepare for the March 29 mediation.  Please print this up for Stan and let me know if anything goes haywire with the memo.  Thanks. DF 
 The following is a memo from accounting containing some new accounting codes you should be aware of.  I should warn you that your timesheets must be approved by your supervisor; therefore, Code 5604 should not be used.    It has come to our attention recently that many  of you have been turning in timesheets that specify large amounts of  "Miscellaneous? Unproductive Time" (Code 5309). To our  department, unproductive time isn't a problem. What is a problem, however, is  not knowing exactly what you are doing during your unproductive time.  Attached below is a sheet specifying a tentative extended job code list based  on our observations of employee activities.  The list will allow you  to specify with a fair amount of precision what you are doing during your  unproductive time. Please begin using this job code list immediately and let  us know about any difficulties you encounter.  Thank  you, Accounting. Attached: Extended Job Code List Code Number  Explanation ---------- ----------- 5316 Useless Meeting 5317  Obstructing Communications at Meeting 5318 Trying to Sound Knowledgeable  While in Meeting 5319 Waiting for Break 5320 Waiting for Lunch 5321  Waiting for End of Day 5322 Vicious Verbal Attacks Directed at  Coworker 5323 Vicious Verbal Attacks Directed at Coworker While Coworker is  Not Present 5393 Covering for Incompetence of Coworker Friend 5394  Blaming Incompetence of Coworker Who is Not a Friend 5400 Trying to Explain  Concept to Coworker Who is Not Interested in Learning 5401 Trying to  Explain Concept to Coworker Who is Stupid 5402 Trying to Explain Concept to  Coworker Who Hates You 5481 Buying Snack 5482 Eating Snack 5500 Filling  Out Timesheet 5501 Inventing Timesheet Entries 5502 Waiting for Something  to Happen 5503 Scratching Yourself 5504 Sleeping 5510 Feeling  Bored 5600 Complaining About Lousy Job 5601 Complaining About Low  Pay 5602 Complaining About Long Hours 5603 Complaining About Coworker (See  Codes #5322 & #5323) 5604 Complaining About Boss 5605 Complaining  About Personal Problems 5640 Miscellaneous Unproductive Complaining 5701  Not Actually Present At Job 5702 Suffering From Eight-Hour Flu 6102  Ordering Out 6103 Waiting for Food Delivery to Arrive 6104 Taking It Easy  While Digesting Food 6200 Using Company Resources for Personal Profit 6201  Stealing Company Goods 6202 Making Excuses After Accidentally Destroying  Company Files 6203 Using Company Phone to Make Long-Distance Personal  Calls 6204 Using Company Phone to Make Long-Distance Personal Calls to  Sell Stolen Company Goods 6205 Hiding from Boss 6206 Gossip 6207  Planning a Social Event (e.g. vacation, wedding, etc.) 6210 Feeling Sorry For  Yourself 6211 Updating Resume 6212 Faxing Resume to Another  Employer/Headhunter 6213 Out of Office on Interview 6221 Pretending to  Work While Boss Is Watching 6222 Pretending to Enjoy Your Job 6223  Pretending You Like Coworker 6224 Pretending You Like Important People When  in Reality They are Jerks 6238 Miscellaneous Unproductive Fantasizing 6350  Playing Pranks on the New Guy/Girl 6601 Running your own Business on Company  Time (See Code #6603) 6602 Complaining 6603 Writing a Book on Company  Time 6611 Staring Into Space 6612 Staring At Computer Screen 6615  Transcendental Meditation 7281 Extended Visit to the Bathroom (at least 10  minutes) 7400 Talking With Divorce Lawyer on Phone 7401 Talking With  Plumber on Phone 7402 Talking With Dentist on Phone 7403 Talking With  Doctor on Phone 7404 Talking With Masseuse on Phone 7405 Talking With  House Painter on Phone 7406 Talking With Personal Therapist on Phone 7419  Talking With Miscellaneous Paid Professional on Phone 7931 Asking Coworker to  Aid You in an Illicit Activity 8000 Recreational Drug Use 8001  Non-recreational Drug Use 8002 Liquid Lunch 8100 Reading e-mail 8101  Distributing humorous e-mails 
 Looks OK to me.  Are you sure the SW Gas point is a primary point for some of the Gallup shippers?  I didn't remember that.  If others are ok also, go for it.  Thanks. df 
 Yup, went over to the dark side.  On the power plant, I've got a couple of guys you need to talk to.  Steve Harris is VP of marketing at TW, and Kevin Hyatt is his right hand guy.  Steve is at 713-853-1796 and I'm not sure what Hyatt's # is.  Give me a call and I'll tell you what I can about what we're doing to help site power plants.  When did you go out-house?  I don't think I've run into you since you were running around with Shoneman.  Adios, DF. 
 I suspect that the answer lies in Mary Kay Miller's or Julia White's areas, or both.  Mary Kay and Julia, who is the best person to go to to find the monthly sales MDQ from 88 through the end of the merchant service?  I suspect that Glen or Bob could point us toward the monthly aggregate purchase data during that same period (Britt--wasn't this was provided in discovery prior to the first trial?).  I think we are still working on the %Mertzon purchases were of the total--Kathy Ringblom please grab me in the morning on this. Thanks all.  DF 
 ???  What rumor was this press release responding to?  What did you do to= =20 drive the stock price down by $5?  I don't hear nuthin in Omaha so you've= =20 gotta keep me plugged in!  DF 
 I read Wednesday's NGPL order (RP00-18-002) as applying only to NGPL due to their unique restrictions and tariff rules.  I do not read it as forcing the rest of the industry (i.e., us) to use the floor rate as the reserve price for negotiated index rate bids and ordinary recourse rate bids.  I think we can still determine the reserve price on a prearranged deal like the ENA deal based on our good faith valuation of the upside provided by the index mechanism.  I.e., on that type of deal, we can determine that the index mechanism is worth "x cents" to us and require a discounted recourse rate bidder to bid more than the floor plus x cents to win.  Agreed?  Note that NGPL whined that the unique rules they are subject to place them at a competitve disadvantage to the rest of the industry (i.e., us) on this issue.  The commission didn't say anything about that, implying to me that the rest of us are still free to do what NGPL cannot do.   DF 
 George, sorry I disappeared for a few days.  I'm back at the ranch now and eager to talk--please give me a call at 402-398-7449 at your convenience. I'm in and available after 3:30 today and basically all day tomorrow.  After that, Monday and Tuesday are relatively infested with meetings and I head out on a short vacation on Wed.  I look forward to talking to you.  DF 
 One more piece of info.  I'll call you shortly.   Thanks.  DF 
 OK?  Is the per unit rate for the Cal Border deliveries kosher on a firm contract?  DF 
 pls make sure this is done on my machine.  Thanks DF 
 Thanks Lynn!  DF   Lynn Blair                02/25/2000 01:49 PM 
 As I understand the situation, Plains and Tri-State have indicated their intent to close the merger.  Tim's best intelligence is that a June 1 closing date is the best they can hope for and it may be late June or later.  Also, until the deal actually closes, there is always a small chance it could come undone.  If we get Gallup in service May 1, we have a 1 month or greater bust between our in service date and the date the cheap electric rate kicks in. Has Courtney got this covered?  I suspect he's been thrashing around so much on locking in the swap that it hasn't been on his radar screen.  I think we should formally notify ECS that we expect them to negotiate a favorable interim power deal to cover the gap between our in service date and the merger closing.  (the difference between the $.038 and .067 rate was about $200,000/ month as I recall, so this is worth some real $$$)  Also, we ought to remind Courtney that he is still obligated to find a better deal for us if the merger goes south for some reason.  I drafted a letter  awhile back that could be updated for this purpose.  Susan, assuming Steve and company agree, could you follow up on this (I'm having Martha email it to you).  The contract requires us to notify ECS by March 1.  Thanks.  DF 
 Got a call from Dennis out of the blue this afternoon.  He's pretty gung ho, and also alluded to several other projects he's got on the front burner (gas-fired power deals).  He had met again with some DOE folks in DC about the power contract and feels it is 70-80% locked in.  Have you ever known a project developer who would admit to less than 70-80% odds???  I look forward to talking on Tuesday.  DF 
 I'm OK on this, with one small change.  Please add "/MMBtu" after "$.08" in paragraph 3.  I just want it clearer that the 8 cent rate is per unit as utilized.  Thanks. DF 
 Your recollection is correct.  However, I got the disturbing sense that FERC would have pounded NGPL for setting the recouse rate a penny higher than the negotiated rate reserve price.  Lets talk MOn. on whether we are still OK on the ENA deal.  Thanks. DF 
 No, not that I know of.  I've never met the western Fossum, but I do know the guys who own Western Hub pretty well--John Strom and Larry Bickle.  If we have any interest in this project or other merchant storage in California, these are the guys to deal with as they have mapped about 90% of the state looking for salt or other storage plays. 
 Congratulations!  Sounds like the merchant storage business has had a good couple of weeks with you guys clearing your environmental hurdles and the Tioga guys finally starting construction!  I may have acted rashly in joining the evil empire--should have jumped into the storage business instead!  Tom, are you the point guy for marketing the project?  I'd like to hook you up with our Transwestern marketing guys on possible deals to backstop Transwestern's "Park and Ride" service.  We are currently authorized by FERC to use PG&E market center service for that purpose, but I suspect firm or interruptible Lodi service  would be better suited for what we need.  Best wishes for continued success! 
 I finally stumbled over something that forced me to get my shit together and update my email addresses on you guys.  Its been a strong couple of weeks for the merchant storage business!  First you guys (and FERC) finally put the last nail in CNG and Penn Fuels' coffins on Tioga, then old Larry,John and Dill finally dust off Lodi and get going!  Wow!  I shouldn't have joined the evil empire quite so fast!  Seriously, congratulations on starting construction up in PA.  I ran into my old law partner Hill out in DC last week and got a great update on the recent battles against those drips at CNG and Penn Fuel.  Siggy, what are you going to do without Carol Lynn to fight with?????  Best wishes for continued success!  DF 
 Maria, please take a look at this list of "Reference Entities" and the attached memo.  I doubt we have any reason to knock out any of the listed entities based on legal controversies, etc., but its worth a check .  From the attached memo, it looks like a more likely reason to disqualify an entity would be credit problems or some other commercial issue.  I'm in a bind today and out the rest of the week so it would be helpful if you could pick this ball up in my absence.   Please get back to me and Mike with the results of your analysis.  Thanks.  DF 
 Maybe he's my long lost granddad!  DF 
 I got a call from Tino earlier today (right after our meeting on Pueblo) but could only talk to him for a few minutes before I had to jump off.  I did let him know that Kevin or Lorraine would be calling to talk about info that we need to complete our analysis of the economics.  He also let me know that they are looking at another power plant project in the SW Power Pool and want to discuss with us.  Thanks. 
 Drew is available Monday after 10:00 except for 2 to 3. He is available all day Tuesday and on Wednesday from 1 to 2.  Martha for Drew 
 It is penciled in on Drew's calendar and I have an eraser. 
 if you haven't already, pls print for me.  thanks. DF 
 Sounds reasonable to me.  When do we sign?  Seriously, this just confirms in my mind that Langley isn't looking very closely at the economics of the deal because he doesn't have any capital or O & M numbers (or heat rates) on the generation equipment so he has no idea how thick or thin the margins might be on this project.  Once we are able to show him some economics he will presumably be in a position to be reasonable on the issues discussed below. If he's not willing to be reasonable, we're done talking to him. 
 Thanks and happy holidays!  Sorry we couldn't make it yesterday.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 Please see attached notes of the last meeting with PGE on Topock pcb problem.  Lou will be coordinating development of a litigation strategy in case PGE cuts our deliveries below 250 mm/d or pursues decon. of the Topock compressor (with the expectation that we will pay for the work under the operating agreement indemnity).  I volunteered your services, and my own, to assist with this work.  I believe the next step is for Lou to set up a meeting to discuss.  Thanks.  DF 
 Reed and Lana, thanks again for a great stay in the hills!  We all had a blast and I'm happy to report that Britt and Tina are bragging to their little classmates about their newfound skiing prowess!  Next thing you know they'll be starring in a Warren Miller video!  Have a great time in BC and say hi to Brad and Jen for us.  DF 
 pls print.  thanksdf 
 Bob, Steve Gilbert was not working on this, but he thought that the numbers in 10ks and annual reports generally get filled in by Elaine Concklin or someone based on ET&S numbers fed up throught the system by Gilbert's group. For now, I'm leaving the blanks in this draft blank and explaining to Moran that I have limited our review to the legal and regulatory verbiage. Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks Bob.  I'd suggest that you handle the points in the first and second paragraphs of your email with Gary Peng, including updating the verbiage as you deem appropriate to address the North Dakota, weather, and mileage issues.  Please send to Mike Moran and myself the changes you propose (including the numbers).  We have already modified the language you reference in your third paragraph (per Michele Winckowski), so that's taken care of. Mike, you or I should let Rex know that a couple of these additional tweaks are coming through this other channel.  One of us can then send them directly to Rex if that would be helpful.    DF 
 Thanks.  These are Feb. only numbers, right?  Do you have something showing year to date?  I'll give you a call.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 check with susan on the daily issue--did we test the reason behind our daily limit?  If we can do one month deals, why not 12 month? 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 OK.  DF 
 I think this is what Dot is looking for.  I had it on computer so thought I'd just email it to you.  Thanks.  DF 
 Please take a look at this history of the regulatory issues on Hubbard.  Note that I am still trying to confirm some potentially helpful facts.  I'll walk you through what I think this means on Monday or whenever you have time. Thanks.   DF 
 I found the reference I was remembering over the weekend.  Check out the order issued to TriState Pipeline at Docket CP99-61.  FERC got all over CMS on the problems posed by "dual jurisdictional facilities" whatever that means.  CMS tried to do something that sounds a lot like what PNM would be doing under the idea you guys had. 
 Please find out what you can about which issues FERC is interested in on the Gallup rehearing requests.  I.e., did they issue the tolling order because of our rehearing arguments on the confidentiality issue or SoCal's on the rate discrimination issues?  Anything you learn would be helpful, but this info is not so important that risks should be taken to get it.  Thanks.  DF. 
 pls print for me.  thanks. dF 
 Thanks, but I am in meetings today and can't make it.  Thanks. DF    Tammy Jaquet 
 Thanks for keeping me in the loop on this.  I've known Briden for years and would be happy to help out if it would be useful.  DF 
 Emily, please print this up for me with attachment.  I'll stop by later to pick it up.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks DF 
 Thanks.  Got it and I've talked to Caren.  DF 
 Here are the draft handouts for tomorrow's meeting with Stan.  Please channel any comments or questions to Steve Kirk so he and Martha can get a final set to me in Houston before the 1:30 meeting.  (Martha--pls get the final version to me through Steve Harris and I'll get a copy for Stan.) 
 I'm having Martha schedule a conf. call to discuss this.  I also want to discuss potential exposure if PG&E's public disclosure strategy kicks off a round of lawsuits.  Thanks.  DF 
 I'm sure that many of you are aware that there has been a great deal of activity lately related to Enron's evaluation of possible acquisitions.  John Goodpasture's group has kept a large number of ET&S people engaged in looking at a number of potential deals.  While these deal evaluation projects have become routine around here, we all must remember that these projects are extremely confidential.  Even after a potential seller has announced that it is up for sale, the fact that Enron is looking at a potential deal, as well as any of our internal analysis of the deal, remains strictly confidential.  I realize that many of you have ongoing business relationships with employees of some of the companies that we have evaluated or may evaluate in the future.  If you find yourself in such a situation, and a business contact at the target company asks whether Enron is evaluating the contact's company or assets, the only appropriate response is that Enron personnel are not permitted to discuss potential acquisitions.  Please be aware that the confidentiality agreements that we typically sign as part of the acquisition evaluation process preclude any communication by Enron people with employees of the target company.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this requirement, please do not hesitate to give me a call.  Thank you for your assistance. DF 
 I'm sure that many of you are aware that there has been a great deal of activity lately related to Enron's evaluation of possible acquisitions.  John Goodpasture's group has kept a large number of ET&S people engaged in looking at a number of potential deals.  While these deal evaluation projects have become routine around here, we all must remember that these projects are extremely confidential.  Even after a potential seller has announced that it is up for sale, the fact that Enron is looking at a potential deal, as well as any of our internal analysis of the deal, remains strictly confidential.  I realize that many of you have ongoing business relationships with employees of some of the companies that we have evaluated or may evaluate in the future.  If you find yourself in such a situation, and a business contact at the target company asks whether Enron is evaluating the contact's company or assets, the only appropriate response is that Enron personnel are not permitted to discuss potential acquisitions.  Please be aware that the confidentiality agreements that we typically sign as part of the acquisition evaluation process preclude any communication by Enron people with employees of the target company.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this requirement, please do not hesitate to give me a call.  Thank you for your assistance. DF 
 I'm sure that many of you are aware that there has been a great deal of activity lately related to Enron's evaluation of possible acquisitions.  John Goodpasture's group has kept a large number of ET&S people engaged in looking at a number of potential deals.  While these deal evaluation projects have become routine around here, we all must remember that these projects are extremely confidential.  Even after a potential seller has announced that it is up for sale, the fact that Enron is looking at a potential deal, as well as any of our internal analysis of the deal, remains strictly confidential.  I realize that many of you have ongoing business relationships with employees of some of the companies that we have evaluated or may evaluate in the future.  If you find yourself in such a situation, and a business contact at the target company asks whether Enron is evaluating the contact's company or assets, the only appropriate response is that Enron personnel are not permitted to discuss potential acquisitions.  Please be aware that the confidentiality agreements that we typically sign as part of the acquisition evaluation process preclude any communication by Enron people with employees of the target company.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this requirement, please do not hesitate to give me a call.  Thank you for your assistance.  DF 
 Here's the latest Tino-gram: 1.  Tino's environ. consultants have not discovered any stop signs.  2.  The Isleta is interested in granting Dennis ROW/lease for the power plant as well as the pipeline.  The power plant could be located on Isleta land adjacent to the South boundary of the Scandia reservation.  Thus, the power plant could be connected to DOE's existing powerline infrastructure without ever leaving the Isleta and DOE land.  PNM would not be necessary to move power to DOE.  Unclear to me whether this approach would give the power plant optimal access to the power grid for sales of surplus power.  (maybe  this could be done through DOE to an interconnect with PNM on the Scandia reservation?)  3.  Dennis is using Jim Slattery, an ex law partner of mine in DC (and ex Dem. U.S. Congressman from Kansas), as his primary contact with  Bill Richardson at DOE.  My recollection is that Jim does have a good relationship with Richardson, so this seems very likely to be effective.  Tino reports that "DOE is OK with the deal" and the next step is negotiating the power contract itself.  Tino said that DOE is aware that the capital for the project will not come from the tribe so the tribe's interest will be fairly thin.   It is unclear exactly how much indian ownership Dennis and Slattery promised DOE.  4.  Tino has run into a power plant consultant named Jack Maddox who says he's working on a 230MW plant to be located west of Belen.  Tino thinks he's working for the Laguna tribe, but wanted us to find out who is planning a big power plant out there.  Is this ours?  PNM's?  El Paso?  Finally, the next key step is obviously the economics.  Based on what Tino told me, I'm convinced that Dennis and Tino don't have a real good sense of how much $$$ might be in this deal.  They are groping a bit and our initial analysis of the numbers will likely carry a lot of weight.  How are those efforts coming?  Thanks.  DF 4. 
 Please print.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks.  I'll call Tino back and tell him not to fret about what he heard from Maddox --I know Tino and Dennis knew about the Cobisa project and I think he believed Maddox was working on yet another project.  I can get Tino comfortable without breaching our confid. agreement with Maddox by just telling Tino that we understand there is just one project down South of our target location, not two.  Also, I'll let Tino know that early April looks like the best time to get together to talk numbers and we'll call to set it up when we are ready.  DF 
 pls find this article and print for me (sounds interesting--please give to Soldano and Mike Moran also).  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 I think its not bullet proof, but certainly defensable.  Lets do it.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 Thanks Joe.  I'm asking Maria Pavlou to take a look at this and give you (and I) a preliminary answer.  I don't see any obvious problems--and the liability waiver is a good idea.  Maria--please take a look.  This will raise some of the same non jurisdictional revenue issues as the Clifton Machine Shop deal, unless we set it up on a strictly barter basis (i.e., no money changes hands--you give me 20 hours of training and I'll give you 20 hours of training).    DF 
 Great intel.  I agree, when we sit down with Langley, we need to go through his DOE situation in detail and then take him up on the due diligence opportunities he offered us at the meeting in KC.  Thanks.  DF 
 telkajdslkajfdlkasjdflkjsd 
 I'm OK with trying what the commercial group wants but we'd better be aware of the consequences.  If we are successful, it may be a little easier to get Kent his authority to buy third party storage from other pipelines.  If we are unsuccessful, getting Kent's thing approved will get a bit harder.  I think the PNM proposal is pretty specific and has a nice operational basis that may help our chances somewhat. Also, I'm forwarding to Shelley to get a read on any FERC policy landmines.  Shelley, the summary of Madden's talk to INGAA that you circulated today quoted Madden as saying that FERC will take up the Texas Eastern remand soon.  Are we headed in the right direction? Looks to me like we may give Madden and his people an opportunity to broaden the current policy a bit without fundamentally changing it.  Thanks.  DF 
 Pls print.  thanks. DF 
 pls print this and hand it to me.  I tried sending it directly to the printer, but couldn't tell if it went.  Thanks. FD 
 Hey, it worked great--I replicated several sets of messages without a problem.  Then, on Sunday, I did something and now can't get the computer to load up windows.  It stalls out on the "Property of ET&S" screen right after I turn it on.  Please make it happy again and ship it back up.  (I don't know if this would cause such a problem, but I may have shut off the computer off on saturday before I got the message saying "it is now safe to shut off your computer."  )  Thanks. DF 
 Martha is bringing it down.  Let me know if you need me.  Thanks. DF 
 Sounds like "hiccup."  Anyway, I got an email from George Briden asking what is up with our response on this power plant.  Any problems or is it just time lag on studying our facility needs?  Let me know if you want me to call him back or help in any way.  Thanks. DF 
 I'll bring this up with Mr. Fawcett today and you will hear back from either him or I or both shortly!  Glad to be of help.  DF 
 I don't know who Frank Bayouth is, but the computer said it was unable to send my little missive to him.  I'll try again and see if it recognizes you. DF 
 Thats what we want Stuart to go and find out.  Kim and Martha--do you think it makes sense (i.e., cost benefit ratio) to send Stuart or should one of you guys go?  Thanks.  DF 
 Here is the email I got from George.  I suspect he is just being high maintenance, but I never miss the opportunity to suck up to a potential customer, so hope you think my response is appropriate.  Thanks. DF 
 Great--thanks for the info.  DF 
 I have no great interest in appealing the FERC order denying rehearing.  This one is a loser as it was decided on TW-specific facts and I see no clear inconsistency between FERC's various orders on revenue sharing.   Unless someone feels strongly to the contrary, lets punt.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm in--staying over Friday and flying out on Sat AM.  How far are you guys from the scareport?  DF 
 Dave - louie said you would want to see this.... 
 pls print TW and NN docs only--not Border.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print if you haven't already.   thanks. df 
 Please check this out and get back to me asap.  thanks. DF 
 We are checking this out.  I'll get with MKM and compare notes and get back to you.  Thanks.  DF 
 No.  Thanks again!  DF 
 Oh shoot, now that we know what "NESA" is, there probably isn't any reason to go to the seminar!  DF 
 Oh great, the knuckleheads at PG&E will get SoCal all spooked.  Good luck. Thanks.  DF 
 Sounds OK to me.  Thanks.  DF 
 What's the status of our analysis?  Has anyone heard anything from Dennis or Tino lately?  I get concerned when they disappear for weeks like they sometimes do.  Thanks.  DF 
 I may have these at home, but just to be sure, please email me your H and W and Cell ph. #, pager #, palm pilot #, the # that connects to the steel plate in your head, your address, and any other communication coordinates you think I need to have.  I'll be at the Westin La Something in San Anton, checking out Friday, and cell # 402-630-8461.  I'll give you guys a call at one of your numbers at a time of your choosing on Friday PM, and then head over to your joint or a restaurant or something for festivities.   I may even call you today if I can get a few minutes away from the madness.  I'm looking forward to reminding you about all of the fun things that come with working for corporate america.  You're gonna have to start reading Dilbert again so you can relate to all of us other corporate drones.  Adios, DF 
 Please get me three copies--check with other folks in group and see if they want one.  Thanks..  DF 
 Great job at the law conf!  You need to send a vcr tape up to us of the presentation so MKM and our group can use it for sensitivity training!!!  On other news, whats up with this????  Related to their downsizing?  Lorraine's a star--I was surprized to see this.  See you soon, DF 
 This explains a lot.  Lets talk at 9 on what the status of the case is--find some trade press articles first thing mon. AM and don't bug Janet quite yet. Sounds like Bill has arranged a briefing by the NB people for our benefit (and probably an argument about whether we should intervene).  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print--I'm sending you several docs on ECS--please give me in one stack. DF 
 Look!  Foti's computer also confuses the Evil and Good Steves!  DF 
 Re: your comment on this today.  Unbelievable!!!  What a ton of _____.  Lets talk.  DF )by the way, whats a PAJE?  DF 
 Please give me a sign off if this is OK.  Thanks DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Unless we have bought something that I'm not aware of, I don't believe TW or NN has any assets or operations in Louisiana and therefore should not be subject to the referenced tax.  As far as other jurisdictions, I don't expect that we'd have a problem with in-kind payment as an additional payment option.  On TW, which has no fuel tracker, in kind tax payment probably wouldn't help us.  Northern does have a fuel tracker, however, and might avoid adverse earnings impact from tax volatility if we could pay those taxes in kind and stick them in the tracker.  We probably couldn't do that until the next rate case, however, because all current taxes are built into our base rates at some representative level.    Rod Hayslett 
 Given the numbers we got from Mark Baldwin, is this where we are?: 1.  The overall economics of the pipeline project have to be supported almost entirely by the new power plant.  At most, we could assume maybe 5,000-10,000/day of gas load from industrials near the airport, and another X,000 from Kirtland's gas load.   This assumed load will ramp up over several years (or longer depending on how long these folks existing contracts are) and not be available immediately. 2.  We know the bogey for pricing the electric contract for DOE.  Its probably $0.042/KWh, less 15-20% to make it attractive, or maybe $0.056, less 15-20%.  Either way, a low rate. 3.  We now know the best case scenario for cost on the pipeline--about $17 mm in the 16" configuration, without the Isleta lateral or the lateral over to the power plant.  Maybe about $20mm total? 4.  We don't have absolutely reliable info on electric transmission constraints from the proposed plant to Palo Verde, so I'd suggest that for now we just assume that we would be unconstrained on power sales at Palo Verde.  Are there alternative liquid markets available that might have better pricing?  Ercot?  Pub. Serv. Colorado? 5.  I'm not entirely sure how you guys are looking at the overall economics, but to my non-business guy mind, the following scenarios (or something similar) stick out as the key benchmarks that will decide whether the project makes sense: A.  Worst Case: Assume we build a 75 mw power plant (i.e., assume no extra power to sell in spot market) and assume we get the Kirtland gas load but no additional gas load from the customers Baldwin talked to .  If the rate for the gas line is the minimum rate that Enron could live with (based on our internal hurdle rates) can we hit the DOE target power price and have any $$$ left over?  I suspect this scenario is upside down.  Should we look at two alternative configurations for the power plant--combined cycle and simple cycle? B.  Mid Case: Assume we size the power plant at 150mw (or some similar size based on a turbine configuration that makes sense) and that we sell the surplus power at Palo Verde prices less Albequerque-Palo Verde transmission costs.  Again, assume no incremental gas load except Kirtland.  If the gas pipeline rate is set at the minimum rate Enron can live with, does the power plant make enough $$$ to make the project work? C.  Wildly Optimistic Case: Same as mid-case, except add Baldwin's gas load and start ramping in some estimated amount of additional gas load when NM gas restructuring kicks in in 2003 (did I get the year right?).   Also, start ramping in some estimated amount of high priced retail power sales to back out the Palo Verde spot sales at whatever year NM retail electric restructuring is expected to kick in.  (also 2003, I think).  With optimistic assumptions like this, does it make sense?  Tino suggested a meeting to talk economics in detail around the first of May.  Ideally, we'll have a feel for the above relationships, and the transmission constraint situation, by then.  Thanks.  DF 
 This is too cool to be believed.  Obviously, I'm not getting much accomplished at work today.  Adios, DF    > Subject:  FW: Jet exhaust > > > ---------- >  <<fod5.mpg>> > >  - fod5.mpg 
 pls print.  thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Mike Moran has informed me that the FTC and U.S. DOJ, as part of their review of the El Paso-Coastal merger, have decided to take a close look at the merger's possible impact on competition in the Chicago-Wisconsin market.  In this regard, those agencies need to set up a conference call in the next two weeks to discuss that issue with experts on that market from Border and Northern.  This will not be an on-the-record deposition.  It will be a conf. call and what I expect to be an  informal question and answer session on what we know.   Representatives of the Wisconsin and Illinois Attorney General's office (or whatever agency it is in those states that deals with antitrust issues) will be on the phone as they are working with the Feds on the merger.  I think either one of you guys, with appropriate supervision, would do a fine job.  Please let me and Mike know who gets the black bean and what your general availability is and we'll get it set up.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks Vig--this is very helpful as I've gotten a bit out of the loop over the last several weeks.   I don't know exactly what the reason was for striking this from our agenda for tomorrow, but it might be for the better since we can now schedule a prefiling devoted exclusively to this filing. Lets talk next wk on where we stand with Hanover and where FERC's general policy on outsourcing is going.  That KN Wattenberg order is excellent for us on the jurisdictional issue, so maybe the longer we wait the better the law will get for us.  DF      Donald Vignaroli   04/12/2000 04:14 PM 
 Not yet--I'll try this wkend.  thanks. DF 
 I don't think the new policy helps us, but it would help an intrastate pipeline that wanted to interconnect with us.  DF 
 OK?   DF 
 I think I got my address book fixed and the Harris pro blem is solved forever.  Thanks!  DF 
 I think I am OK.  DF 
 I understand that you guys have retained Holland and Hart to give us another set of eyes on the Navajo issues.  For future reference, I have finally hooked up with the South Dakota firm I mentioned and was favorably impressed with their experience in similar matters.  Don Schultz and a couple of his partners have substantial litigation experience both for and against the S.D. tribes (Ogalla Sioux, etc.) on federal jurisdictional issues.  One of Don's partners is general counsel of the Rushmore Electric Cooperative in Western South Dakota and has had dealings with the tribes on right of way issues for years.   They have cleared conflicts, and are available  if we ever need a third opinion or if we get into a spat with the tribes elsewhere.  Sorry it took me so long to run this to ground.  Thanks. DF 
 Corporate schizophrenia.  Weird.   DF 
 Tino called today to report on their meetings with DOE last week.  Tino, Dennis Langley, and their outside lawyer Jim Slattery met with Bill Richardson and DOE staff to discuss the "sole source" procurement approach to DOE's obtaining an alternative power supplier for Kirtland AFB and Sandia. Tino reports that Richardson signed off on the sole source approach, subject only to DOE review of the final contract to assure its consistency with the public interest.  Tino believes that the combination of significant Native American involvement in the overall deal structure along with a power price that is lower than DOE's current PNM rates will satisfy the "public interest" standard.  Slattery is set to begin discussions with DOE next week on the overall structure of Dennis' proposal.  I am surprised that Dennis would go this far before hearing from us on the economics, but Tino made it sound like the initial discussions would be fairly general--i.e., to explain to DOE that the plan is to build a new pipeline and a new power plant and to do the whole thing in partnership with the Isleta Tribe, but without talking about specific economic issues.  Sounds to me like Dennis has Richardson on board but is nevertheless planning to pitch to the lower level DOE staff people what a great deal this is for the Tribes and therefore the government.  Tino, not surprisingly, is eager to see numbers and sit down to discuss them.  He suggested a meeting the first week of May in either Houston or KC. I asked Tino whether he could get firmer numbers from DOE than we currently have on (1) total electric and gas load (current and projected) for the AFB and Sandia and (2) actual price DOE currently pays for gas and power.  He didn't think he could get better information before the first week in May.  On another related topic, through Shelley Corman's group  I got acquainted with a guy named Tim Beldon who runs the ENA transmission capacity book for the Western U.S., out of Portland.  I talked with him for a few minutes about power flows and pricing in the N.M-Arizona area and he seemed pretty knowledgable.  He has a transmission engineer on his team who is an expert in verifying utility claims of transmission constraints.  Apparently, ENA buys and sells a lot of power in the four corners area and is pretty familiar with the transmission availabilty and power pricing situation up there.  I didn't discuss with Tim the specifics of the project we are looking at, but did tell him that Kevin and Steve were looking at a potential power plant load and trying to figure out how serious it is.  Kevin, if you guys think Beldon could provide useful info on the cost and availability of firm and non-firm transmission for the surplus power out of Albequerque up to four corners, please give him a call.  It is OK to disclose to Beldon what we are working on, but please inform him that we are subject to a confidentiality agreement and that further disclosure is improper.  Please let me know whether a meeting with these guys the first week of May is doable.  Thanks.  DF 
 I will be particularly interested in an update on the "Topock Decontamination" item on the agenda.  Give me a break.  DF 
 pls print with cover memo.  thanks. df 
 Good job on the draft.  My comments are redlined on the attached doc.  Lets get it on file ASAPPDQ.  Thanks.  DF 
 I had an interesting conversation with Mark Courtney today, this time about something that doesn't cost us money.  He has gained a good bit of experience on transmission availability in NW New Mexico from the Gallup electric contract negotiation.  His take on transmission constraints is consistent with what Kevin and I had suspected:  Alb. is a load pocket and the prevailing flow is west to east into Alb.  Constraints only affect west to east flows and a generator in Alb. could always move power to four corners by displacement.  Courtney has worked with an ENA transmission guy named Steve Walton who apparently has more experience with the 230Kv transmission lines that had the problem that led to the recent blackouts in Alb.  If we are not talking to him already, he would be another guy worth talking to. 
 Per discussions with Susan Scott, I am on board with the original language routed on this contract.  DF 
 Glad to help--concocting market based rates for storage facilities that probably don't deserve them is one of the few things I know how to do.  DF 
 I'd be happy to talk to either of you about NNG's experience or work I did in my former life for my old client Market Hub Partners on requests for market based rates for their Egan Louisiana, Moss Bluff, Texas and Tioga Pennsylvania projects. 
 Great--please let me know how it goes.  I'm out next wk but will check voice mails.  Also, why does my email down below say "Enron Energy Services?"  My computer has apparently transferred me to EES.  I need a vacation.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Mike, here are two draft sets of talking points covering Stan's initial phone call with Ted Davis to discuss whether a settlement meeting would be useful and the subsequent settlement meeting itself.  Please give me any comments you have and I'll send to Stan or have available to hand to him at our meeting, which I understand is scheduled for 9 am on Tuesday.  I'll  be calling in from Arizona.  Note there is at least one issue we ought to think about a bit more--whether to have Stan imply there may be other goodies available other than the Hobbs Line.  I'm inclined to avoid implying that, but to have Stan primed to pull out additional goodies if necessary.  I have not yet completed a bullet point outline of the settlement proposal for Stan to send to Davis after Stan and he meet.  As things currently stand it would basically be identical to the second sheet of talking points.   I would prefer to finalize that document after we meet with Stan, both to minimize the paper in front of him at the Tuesday meeting and to allow the Davis outline to be tailored to reflect the strategy we arrive at with Stan (I think I'm safe in assuming we will tinker with the strategy a bit on Tuesday morning).  If we do modify the strategy, I'll also modify the talking points.  Britt and Barrett, I wanted you to know the timetable in part because, if Stan decides to go forward,  we need to send Barrett's suggested letter to Jad verifying continued application of the settlement privilege to Stan and Ted's discussions.   I intend to call you after the Stan meeting to advise. Just in case you don't hear from me by late morning Tuesday, please give Mike a call to confirm whether to send the letter.  I may have fallen into the Grand Canyon or been bitten by a hila monster. 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I agree.  This is not a big enough dollar issue for them to make a huge stink, is it?  If it is, can't we match them stink for stink with all the imbalance penalties we have forgiven in the past?  DF 
 Mike, I hadn't seen your email when we talked today.  I'm fine with whatever approach you want to take with the documents.  I'll call in for the meeting with Stan tomorrow.  I have the phone number.  Sorry we got cut off on the MOPS issue today.  I'm a little communication impaired up here, but I'll call on Wed. or Thur. on MOPS.  in the mean time, please grab whoever you need from my group to get the thinking underway on the new strategy.  Thanks.  DF 
 Wow.  Pretty interesting info.  I'm trying to think of a "plan B" approach, but without ENA (and their turbines) I'm haviang a hard time coming up with one.  Steve, I'll talk to you in Tucson on this.  Thanks.  DF 
 ???  could you give me a call and suggest what to do-- I don't remember that we ran any ads.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the tip last night!  I called and ragged around my thieving ins. company this morning and they are going to cough up some serious insurance for me and Sandra at suuper-cheap pre XXX prices.  Cool.  My only concern at this point is that my over-insured status may create undesirable incentives for the little ladies in my life (the dreaded "worth more dead than alive syndrome"!)  Adios amigo!  DF 
 Looks good to me.  Thanks. DF 
 Tell me how much.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks for the memo.  Very informative, especially about the "whining of indeterrmined origin. . . "  You were' nt talking about a coworker were you? Lets talk in the AM on this.  thanks. DF 
 OUTSTANDING!  I may use it word for word!  Thanks--I'll call him shortly and let you know how it goes.  DF 
 I'd like to get a tape to show to the law dept.  Thanks.  DF 
 Please call when you've reviewed this.  Thanks. DF 
 More stuff on Gallup.  Thanks.DF 
 My buddy in DC found the NE Hub testimony and is fedxing it.  If you can get the egan hub testimony that would be great.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks Lou--looks good.  Given the amount of $$ we've spent the last 2 years on this I hope we can hold them to this deal.  DF 
 pls print with cover memo--for me and maria.  thanks. DF 
 Outstanding!!  Its great to see that the organization recognizes real talent when it sees it!  DF 
 "The Man" was actually planning to be in Omaha those days, but I'm overdue on a journey south so I'll try to put something together.  I'll have my people (i.e., me) call your people (i.e., you) soon.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I'll defer to your more expert addressees on this one.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great letter.  I'd even suggest that you have the Weird Herald folks out for a tour, but well-intentioned ideas like that always backfire with the media. DF 
 So Haskell is trying to play good guy with us on Kansas Ad Valorem while he's trashing us at FEEBLE.  ENA is not one of the "largest single shippers" on Northern, at least in the market area.  They did that big negotiated rate deal with us, however for 300,000Dth, so I expect that is what Haskell is talking about.  They may in fact be the single biggest firm customer among the producer/marketer segment.  MKM and I ought to whup up on him down in KC next week on this issue. 
 I heard a great report the other day from David Hill that you guys made it through the Oriskany without any interesting pyrotechnics!  What a disappointment that must have been for Karol Lynn and CNG!  Sounds like a pretty boring operation up there, otherwise I might be tempted to drop by and see the show.  Also heard that the knuckleheads from Bath got thrown out of court on their antitrust suit.  Shit, all you needed to do all along was get rid of me and things started falling into place!!!  Best wishes for continued success--and Siguaw, stay the hell out of trouble! AMFDJF 
 I heard that NE Hub made it through the Oriskany without blowing anything up.  Siggy must have been so pleased, and Penn Fuel and CNG so disappointed! Hey, I'm gonna be down the week of May 30-June 3 and would like to get together with you guys.  What's going on that week?  Would there be any reason, say, to bring golf clubs?  I hear that my much ballyhooed former law partner David Hill might be down in Houston the same time and I need to have a few beers on his expense account as well.  Pat, I don't think you've met this guy but you need to, if for no other reason because he buys beers.   DF 
 I am troubled by your report.  Perhaps we need to threaten to revoke the anmesty and impose sanctions for noncompliance?  Or deputize someone mean to search file cabinets?  In all seriousness, would all of you please remind your troops of the importance of this effort, as I will with my folks.  Rick, thanks for the hard work  and perseverance on this.  DF 
 Outstanding.  I'll  bring em and I'll call you guys in a week or so to get the details nailed down.  Did you know that Bienawski (sp?), the Sofregaz guy, is at Enron?  He's got a storage development group or some damn thing. I'm going to look him up and see what the heck he thinks he's doing.  DF 
 Re:  ENA El Paso deal.  The trade press is having a heyday with the "anticompetitive" angle.  Lets talk.  DF 
 No way!  Joining up with Russell???  That's interesting, I thought he had "hung 'em up" as they say.  I want the full scoop.  DF 
 Following is one of the documents I got on Friday.  the other will follow shortly.  I think Maria forwarded this already, but you ought to make sure she got it. Thanks. DF 
 here'[s the second installment.  Thanks DF 
 Pls print up a full copy for Mike and I.  Thanks DF 
 I'd like you to be involved in this from the legal side.  Shelley, please keep Lee in the loop on this matter. Gracias.  DF 
 Sorry--I'm not able to do it Monday afternoon.  Would breakfast on Tuesday be a viable alternative for Mark?  DF 
 pls print for Mike and Me.  thanks (Maria probably needs one to)  df 
 Roger that--lid on.  I'm in KC today.  What a lovely city.  I can see why you guys decided not to move.  DF 
 Great--please sign me up!  Martha--I think my schedule is OK.  Please let me know if I need to move anything.  Thanks.  DF 
 The whole thing also bugs me on an intuitive level, but I'm not sure it is a legal conflict of interest.  The Northern cases he is involved in are not really  "GISB matters."  There are certainly issues like the 637 compliance issue that involve GISB standards, however.  GISB is a freestanding entitity and his representation does not equate to representation of Enron so he could claim that his only client interest to worry about is GISB itself.  As long as he does not take positions in Northern cases that are inconsistent with what GISB wants, he's technically OK.  I suspect he'd argue that his work in the Northern docket is completely consistent with GISB's objective of achieving world domination.  This was my from the hip analysis when Jay first showed up in our cases, so I may have missed something.  For example, I'm not really clear on GISB's structure.  Can we argue that it is not a real stand alone entity but rather  a "front" for a cooperative group of companies that includes Enron?  If so, we might have a real conflict.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the opportunity.  I'm V.P. and General Counsel of Enron Transportation and Storage, and its operating companies, Northern Natural Gas Co. and Transwestern Pipeline Co.  I'm stationed in Omaha, Nebraska.  I practiced law in D.C. for 12 years before FERC and other state and federal regulatory agencies and the courts.  As for objectives, I'd like to see the group facilitate dialogue and work toward consistency on regulatory strategy, as well as serve as a forum for sharing practical "best practices" experience Enron people have gained around the world.  I look forward to meeting you! DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks.df 
 What a tangled mess.  please call and splain what's going on here.  Thanks. DF 
 Shoot.  Due to a conflict on Monday, I'm now scheduled to arrive in Houston on Tuesday at 10 am.  I return to Omaha at 8 PM  on Wednesday.  If there is anything on Mark's schedule consistent with those constraints, please let me know.  Thanks. DF 
 cool.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm in.  df    Enron North America Corp. 
 I'm OK with the language, but I want to make sure everyone is OK on the concept.  When we left this (unless there have been subsequent conversations with ECS that I wasn't a part of) we rejected Courtney's proposal to reduce our up front payment by $500,000.  He was to come back and propose a monthly quantity of gas to be paid over the term of the contract that would equate to the $500,000, but I don't recall that we agreed to it.  Did we intend to leave the issue open for more horsetrading on the amount of a haircut ECS should take or were we content to cover ECS at 100 cents on the dollar?  I am advised that the Btu number in the letter would allow ECS to get the full $500,000 of up front value.  Rod and Steve--this one is up to you and I think its totally a question of whether we want to argue for some more $$ because I can't think of any other open issue with ECS on this or any other deals that we might be able to trade.    DF 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print for my Tues. am mtg in Houston.  thanks df 
 I think you have a conflict for that one, but I understand you are available for the March 14-5 one!  DF 
 pls print for Bill meeting.  thanks df 
 No problem with the plan to send a demand letter to El Paso on the measurement issue.  Please include me on distribution for the draft. Thanks,  DF 
 How about Thursday or Friday, June 1 or 2 for a round of golf?  I'm in HOU all wk and the end of the wk looks pretty light.  I'd be happy to venture out west to your Katy/San Antonio nick of the woods if you guys are available. Hill, are you gonna be in Houston around then?  If so, can you sneak the clubs past your wife?  Please advise.  DF  PS:  I met with Paul Bieniawski and his new storage group today.  Do you guys know how he parted terms with the Frogs? 
 Thanks for the offer!  Lets see when we get this event scheduled and I may be able to take you up on it.  Looks like you Utilicorp guys need to get coordinated or I may have to play golf twice.  That would be brutal.  DF 
 I enjoyed meeting with you guys and your team this morning.  Our crack certificate people have already responded to my request, as you'll see below.  As you get deeper into the process, talking with Michele and her colleagues may be useful for you as they have been through it all before with FERC on storage projects.  Let me know if I can be of further help.  Thanks for the quick help, Michele.  DF 
 I got a call from Tino Monaldo today passing on the results of Dennis Langley's meeting with DOE in Albuquerque.  DOE indicated that their current PNM rate is "5.3 cents, exclusive of the demand charge."  Tino's consultant claims that factoring in the demand charge yields an effective rate of approximately 7 cents/KWh.  Assuming we need to come in at 10% less than the current rate, our bogey is 6.3 cents/KWh.  This is at the high end of the range we hoped they'd be in.  Additionally, DOE indicated that they need "redundancy" and don't want to rely on PNM for back up power.  They want a multiple turbine facility--i.e., more smaller turbines instead of fewer large turbines.  The new pipeline will need to be split connected to El Paso and TW in order to access diverse supplies and guard against supply failure.  They have not asked for fuel oil backup.  I know this is starting to look like the project that won't go away, but the power price number looks very promising to me.  I think its worth scrubbing down the model we've used to replace the generic capital cost and O&M assumptions with more specific assumptions related to the specific turbine configuration we'd be using.  If this price is really as favorable as I think, can we make another run at the ENA people and Federal Solutions guys to see if they have any interest? DF 
 If you guys are just going to squabble like a couple of old ladies I'm not sure I want to play golf with you!  By the way, Hill, your excuse is lame.  DF 
 I couldn't open the document, but that's OK as I will have no problem with whatever form and content you include, as long as they don't build in any links to porno sites or similar undesirable places.  Thanks. DF 
 If we are still talking about 6-1, any time after 1 should work for me, as I've got a meeting that ends at 11:30 downtown.  How long does it take to drive to Katy at noon???  About 3 hours?  DF 
 I met with Ms Caplan yesterday and had a good discussion.  I was pretty impressed with her.  The only down side is that her inability to sit for the Texas bar is a hangup for a lawyer position.   I suggested that she also look into getting her license in New York or D.C. as I think those jurisdictions are less reluctant to allow non-U.S. lawyers to sit for the bar than Texas is.  I'll talk to Mike Moran, Dot McCoppin, Britt Davis and Shelley Corman regaring possible positions in GPG.  Have you thought about Steve Kean's group?  They might be able to use someone like Emma.  I plan to write her in a couple of weeks to follow up with any additional leads I've found.  Enjoyed shootin the shit with you, as always!  DF 
 Please take a look at this response.  I'm reviewing Mike's draft answers from last week and would like to forward to Britt and Barrett all the input we have by noon or so.  Thanks. DF 
 Lou, I agree with your legal analysis.  Susan confirmed for me that the TW tariff has no specific PCB limit and I think your analysis is accurate on how FERC or the courts would react to the  "toxic substances" language that is in there.  Please go ahead and get back to Bill and report your conclusions, with my endorsement if that adds any value (perhaps the value of another neck in the noose).  Also, it is worrysome that PG&E has an argument that any dollars they spend on Southwest must be reimbursed by TW under our agreement.  They might feel free to pour money on Southwest to keep them happy, even if Southwest doesn't put much pressure on PG&E and as a customer relationship strategy , in the belief that it is Enron money they are playing with.  Can we do anything to keep PG&E honest on this?  Given all of the above,  is it our strategy to continue to manage this Southwest Gas problem as best we can as part of the broader PG&E problem? 
 At the suggestion of Robert Jones (you remember him--one of the growing legion of ex-GPG HR representatives), I interviewed a lady named Emma Caplan yesterday.  She is the wife of a guy that Enron Networks brought over to Houston from London.  She is a "Solicitor" in the English legal system, and got her law degree at the University of Wales.  She has not taken an American bar exam but may be able to take DC or New York.  For some reason related to practice of foreign lawyers in TX, she can't take the TX bar until she has gotten a US law degree.  This person is very bright, personable, and enthusiastic.  She is extremely interested in working for Enron, either as a lawyer once she gets her license squared away, or in a paralegal or analyst position until then. I left a copy of her resume with Emily, and I'd ask that she please forward it to each of you.  If any of you have need for such an individual or have ideas she should pursue within Enron (or outside Enron), please call Robert or myself.  Thanks.  DF 
 Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online deal.  Cell 402-630-8461 or home 402-572-8595.  I'm in tomorrow around 7:45. Gracias.  DF 
 this guy  cracks me up 
 I wouldn't miss it!  DF 
 Another Tino-gram.  DOE disclosed to Team Tino that they pay a $7.06/mo demand charge per KW in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge.  Tino didn't know whether that was per KW of monthly demand, per KW of non-coincident peak usage, or what.  The PNM tariff for govt. service is priced at $7.16/KW of "demand above 10,000kw during peak period"  (peak period is daytime) so I assume that is how it is calculated.  If that is the tariff ("Schedule 4000B") under which DOE really takes service, this is interesting because that is not a very big discount off of the stated rate.  It is also interesting that DOE is paying $.053/kwh for energy since the Schedule 4000B energy rate is $.05072/kwh (maybe the difference is surcharges or something). Tino's consultant has figured out that the demand charge equates to an incremental $.011 in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge, for a total delivered PNM rate to DOE of $.064/kwh.  This is not as good as the 7 cent number Tino threw around earlier in the week, but its still not terrible.  If the bogey is a 10% reduction to the current rate, our number to beat is $.0576/kwh.  Tino promised us copies of DOE's actual energy bills to confirm these numbers.  That would be great and solves the due diligence problem you and I talked about yesterday, Kevin.  Tino also passed along a rumor he heard from the Isleta's consultant that the Cobisa Belen project is dead.  Do we know anything about this??? Interesting.  I'm waiting to hear back from Bill Votaw to line up a due diligence call to Tino's government contracts lawyers in DC to confirm whether the "sole source" strategy is legit.  Kevin, I'll let you know when this is scheduled in case you want to be on the call.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls get me scheduled on this.  thanks. df 
 I second that--thanks a lot!!  DF 
 I saw in the press that N.M. has delayed electric open access until Jan 1, 02 for residentials and small commercials and to July 1, 02 for large industrials.  That increases the likelihood that the Pueblo project will have to dump power in the wholesale market at 4 Corners for a while before retail markets start to open up.  One more thing to factor in.  I'm expecting to hook up with Bill Votaw of Enron Federal Solutions today to talk about Langley's "sole source" procurement strategy with DOE.  I hope to get Votaw on the phone with Langley's D.C. govt. contracts lawyers to discuss their theory.  We should be in a better position to raise a flag if the sole source strategy is really a high risk approach.  I'm not sure where that would leave us because the only other approach I can think of is to steer DOE into opening the power plant up for bids.  Langley does not appear interested in trying to win an open bid for the power plant, although frankly we would probably have about as good a chance as anyone of winning.  Once we clear up the government contracts issues (if ever) it seems to me that it would be time to expand the team to include Federal Solutions (potentially, if they see an angle to help them with their Kirtland outsourcing strategy) and ENA.  The ENA involvement would be particularly important so we could get a line of specific turbine availability and the specifications/economics that would result.  I'm probably engaging in wishful thinking again, but my hope is that the economics on a specific turbine/heat exchanger configuration work out a little better than the generic economics from the model that James ran.   If we think this thing is a potentially viable deal after I talk to Votaw and the Langley DC team, we need to grab Bill Cordes and discuss whether we go to ENA "from the bottom up," or through Stan "from the top down" to get hooked into a deal team over there.  Kevin, I still intend to hook you into the Votaw-DC call if you are available. Thanks. DF 
 I'll be in Houston so no need to dial me in!  DF 
 DJ, Drew was scheduled to attend May 25th @ 2 p.m. but will not be able attend as he has an important conference call.  Carmen 
 Carmen--please print these up for me.  thanks. DF 
 I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts counsel present and if so, who do you suggest?  On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board. I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF 
 I couldn't get the email through to Bill Gang, so lets try William.  Bill V, if this doesn't show Bill G as an addressee, please forward from your computer.  Thanks.  DF 
 Per our discussion last week, this is the status on Pueblo.  I think we need to establish to our satisfaction the bona fides of Dennis' government contracting scheme before we pitch hard to have ENA get into the deal and scrub down the numbers on the power plant.  If our govcon gurus (Bill Votaw and Bill Gang--both ex military guys working on DOD outsourcing deals for Enron Federal Solutions) buy off on it, then I think we brief Stan at that point.  You, Stan and Steve will then need to decide the best way to pitch ENA to verify the economics and potentially get into the deal.  Either we'd have Stan push from the top down or have Kevin and  Steve go directly to the ENA deal guys.  More to follow. 
 I'm on board with the low key concept and the bullets look great.  Some minor comments attached.  Thanks for spearheading this, Shelley.  DF 
 For some reason the initial email didn't go through to him--I forwarded it separately.  Thanks.  DF 
 Denise, pls print for me.  Thanks DF 
 I recall that we set up a warning flag approach with market services last year to make sure that Sempra never "goes physical" without us manning the battle stations and deciding what to do.  Do you guys know who the noms would come in to in Market Services if Sempra ever decided to try to take their gas out of Cunningham and move it off system?  Care to venture a guess as to what that person would do if a 100,000 nom by Sempra into an IT contract for a haul from the Cunningham storage point to Demarc hit their desk?  Sempra couldn't nom the gas into a transport contract without first giving Kent/Sue/Morgan a physical delivery nom under the SF agreement, correct?  At which point we would immediately nom the SBA, correct?  These issues may be important to our closing this year's deal if TCEM can't come up with the corp. guarantee.  I.e., if we can retain absolute control of the noms, do we really have any "go physical" risk???  We need to think this through.  DF 
 Thanks for the heads up--I'll talk to him tomorrow.  DF 
 pls send emma's resume to Lou Soldano.   Lou, please give me a call if you have any questions about this lady.  Thanks. 
 Please go ahead and do a letter--Lou is considering talking with her but isn't sure yet.  Thanks DF 
 Great!  i'll see you there.  DF 
 They nominate the SF to market services also, in addition to any transport they have?  Dari, please follow up on this with market services and verify what the procedures are and let us all know.    Again, this may relate to a counterproposal we make to TCEM if they barf on the corporate guarantee issue, so time is of the essence.  Thanks.  DF   Sue M Neville                05/31/2000 11:14 AM 
 pls let me know if you will be able to cover this--I'm out of pocket. thanks. df (also--leave me a voice mail at x37555 on how things are going out in Cal.) 
 I agree with Susan.  df 
 This is a problem your people should be aware of because I think our usual practice when we want to verify ownership structure is to call the corporate secretary's office.  If they are behind, I don't know who we should go to in the future.  Maybe we need to run everything by corp. tax from now on.  Ugh. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Thanks.  I think I've already got things squared away with Jerry.  DF 
 Is that point the receipt point Sempra would have to use to take the base gas volumes away from Cunningham?  Thanks.  DF 
 Cool--I'm in Monday--lets talk then.  Thanks. DF 
 Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.  Thanks.  Robert--this is what I'm sending to Emma.  Nothing definite yet, but Soldano might have something soon.  I didn't want to raise expectations on that yet.   DF 
 Yes.  Thanks.  DF 
 Lets talk about this tomorrow--obviously this changes the facts somewhat.  DF 
 Just Jim's would be useful.  I'll let him know by cc.  Thanks. 
 Do you know anyone in ROW who could give me a sense of what ROW currently is going for in $/ mile, in New Mexico?  Please forward this to anyone you think might be able to give me some insight on recent right of way procurement by enron or others.   Thanks.  DF 
 pls print .  thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I'd drop the dash in "rate-bid" but otherwise am OK.  Thanks. DF 
 Here it is.  Thanks. DF 
 Great.  Thanks to you all for your careful work and patience.  DF 
 Two answers:  1.  Just yourselves.  Sandra has laid in an excessive quantity of vittles and libations.  2.  Good idea.  Tryiing to launch an effort like that now would be a nightmare, but after Conoco, we'll have a lot of organizational work anyway.  Thanks.  df 
 I don't think I gave you George Briden's number in my voice mail today.  Its 401-934-1433.  Just out of curiosity, please let me know if they are as eager to move forward as George said they were.  Thanks. DF 
 If that's all we need commercially, I'm fine with it.  I'd be more enthusiastic if we thought that their removal of the protest would clear up all FERC's issues and result in cancellation of the tech. conf. and prompt approval of the filing, but I suspect that is too much to ask for.  DF 
 Carmen, please print out memo and attachment.  Thanbks. DF 
 We do in fact have a lot of captive markets.  I don't have a problem with S= &P=20 saying that, although I wouldn't want Enron saying it too often.  In genera= l=20 I'm OK.  Thanks. DF 
 Great. 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 Give me a yell when you are ready to call Golub back--he's an old Baker and Botts colleague of mine and I'd like to be on the call just to say hi. Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" section of his memo:  1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system?  2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant. Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?  3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output into the grid only when profit opportunities arose?  4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and reward?  John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis in Steve's memo, however.  Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions. DF 
 Ha!  I appreciate the complement but I like my current job just fine--all I have to do is crap on a contract now and then and argue with Mary Kay all day long.  Piece of cake!  DF 
 It's against my nature, but I'm getting pretty close to giving up.  Attached is a draft letter to Langley punting the project.  I've tried to sugar coat it as much as possible so he doesn't get pissed off and automatically go to El Paso if he does somehow get the project built.  The letter is based on the assumption that we will call them first to explain where we are.   Also, I've assumed that we won't send Dennis any of the data from EE&CC or ENA.  I think we can chat generally on the phone and give them the ballpark results without actually sending the schedules to him.  Please give me a call so we can help Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.  (did you notice how I disappear when things start to go south?)  Talk to you soon.  DF 
 pls print up on letterhead and format correctly for me to send out.  thanks. df 
 Great--Steve, what's your phone no. ?  The operator didn't have it and I'd like to talk for a few minutes on this.  Thanks. DF 
 This is horrible.  In all my years in DC I don't remember any administration official (let alone a cabinet member) getting trashed this badly except maybe Ollie North during Iran Contra.  Tino, lets add this to the list of issues we need to jointly think through.  DF 
 Please print this memo and attachment for me--I couldn't get it to print. Thanks  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Yeah--EMC is the best investment I ever made--I only wish I had put in 100000k instead of 1k.  Check this email out--one of our guys got it from someone at one of our competitors.  Enron is known as the "evil empire" in the energy bidness.  DF 
 I reviewed the latest draft of AA's management rep. letter and caught a few innaccuracies in the way AA described the deal.  I attach a revised draft of the letter, with a redline version to highlight for you the changes I think we need to make to keep it accurate.  First, AA only listed two of the four agreements that comprise the deal.  They apparently forgot that we had created a second SBA.  Additionally, at Transcanada's request, we put the transaction fee into a separate letter agreement this year.  You will recall that last year, Sempra wanted the transaction fee put right in the SBA.  Second, AA's bullet no. 4, as originally drafted, states that Northern does not intend to enter into an option to purchase any base gas during the term of the agreement.  That statement is confusing given that Article VI.B of the Monthly Pack Agreement includes an account balance cash out mechanism that is a form of purchase option.  That cash out mechanism was in Kent's bullets describing the deal and has been in every draft of the documents that AA looked at, so I assume they are OK with the mechanism and were just inartful in drafting bullet no. 4.   My simple fix was to leave AA's language alone but to add an "except for" reference at the beginning of bullet no. 4.  Third, AA's draft of bullet nos. 5 and 6 includes the somewhat ambiguous references to "other agreements" and "additional agreements" respectively. Since AA's list of the agreements in the intro paragraph was incomplete, these references in bullet nos. 5 and 6 were also innacurate.  Now that I have made the list of agreements in the intro paragraph complete, I've clarified the bullets by adding the "other than those agreements referenced above" language to both bullets.  The couple of other changes in bullet 5 simply clarify the meaning.  Finally, I've modified the signature blocks per conversation with Bill to delete MKM and myself.  I am certainly willing and able to sign this letter, but MKM is not up to speed on the deal and has not reviewed the agreements. Getting her up to speed enough to sign the letter would take some time. Additionally, Bill's thought was that MKM and I are his direct reports anyway, so it doesn't serve much purpose to have the subordinates sign if the top guy has signed.  Please give me a call if you have any questions or want to discuss these matters. 
 fyi.  this is fine with me--pls remind me.  df 
 Nice to know how highly regarded we are in the industry.  DF 
 Hey--I thought this was pretty good!  Of course we at the evil empire are proud of being thought of as greedy overbearing SOBs!  DF 
 I love this--even more so because it is being circulated by one of our competitors.  DF 
 Per our discussion, I've modified the letter to remove reference to the monthly pack agreement and made a couple of other minor changes.  I wasn't able to get ahold of Bill on Friday afternoon to discuss who will sign, so for now I've left it with signature blocks for Bill and Rod only.  I hope we are getting closer to the target here and look forward to discussing it with you further on Monday.  Thanks again for the illumination on AA's intent on the earlier draft.  DF 
 Steve filled in the detail for me on the LG&E issue mentioned in the Law bullets this morning.  A valve was left open between an LG&E facility and Northern for an approximate 3 month period (I'm not sure how recent).  LG&E's gas loss data indicates that the amount of gas that inadvertently got into Northern was approx. 180,000 MMBtu, with a value of about $500,000.   Rockey and Steve have talked to LG&E and it does not appear that we have any good arguments for avoiding the liability.  The unexpected (and unmetered) deliveries from LG&E presumably reduced our lost and unaccounted for balance during the referenced 3 month period.  Accordingly, I assume the cost of replacing that gas should be accounted for in Northern's PRA and so should not affect earnings.   I'm not sure what the timetable is for resolving this matter.  DF 
 A bit more detail in the bullets and a heads up call on this would have been a good idea.  DF 
 Three things--first, Bill Cordes confirmed that the $200,000 O&M contributi= on=20 ET&S law already agreed to is the item mentioned in Bill's memo I forwarded= =20 to you Friday.  In other words, he doesn't expect an incremental contributi= on=20 from us. =20  Second, Mike--Martha is out sick today so perhaps we can talk to the ladies= =20 as a group tomorrow.  Please let me know. =20  Finally, the ethics test.  I say all 4 of us check out this thing in Belize= . =20 I volunteer Eric to give the speech (my espanol not good).  =20 
 sorry--left you out of the distrib.  df 
 ok.  DF 
 I'd like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 13th.  Please get me a flight and hotel (I should arrive early PM on the 12 the and leave in the pm on the 13th.   Thanks.df 
 Excellent!  I hope Briden's project attracts fewer vultures than Dennis Langley's.  I need to go to Midland on the afternoon of the 12th, so could meet in Houston conveniently on the morning of the 12th or anytime 10 am or later on the 11th.  I could meet on the 10 th after 10, but less conveniently.  Just let Martha know what the plan is and she'll deploy me. Also,  when you say they want TW to "build, own and operate the plant" you mean the gas pipeline facilities, not the power plant, right?  Must be because $20 mil. would be a pretty cheap power plant.  Thats a pretty cheap pipeline also for the length--about 40 miles, right?  DF 
 Here's the memo I mentioned.  Obviously, we have already used up all the good ideas and are down to the fall back plans.  DF 
 Good point on the timetable.  If we can get to the letter of intent stage Caithness soon after this meeting Jeff is setting up--by mid July maybe--what would a realistic timetable be?  It looks from the map like the ROW would be all along existing hiway--not virgin territory.  If this thing is a "lateral" not mainline, and if we can keep project cost below the 2001 prior approval blanket cost limit (whatever that is--around $21 million I think) can we build under the blanket???  Lets talk before the meeting in Houston so we can have a complete reaction for the Caithness guys on cost, timetable, etc.  DF 
 Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Britt- great memo.  I'm sure you guys are in the course of discussing these very issues, but here's my two cents worth. 1.  Once we decide on an optimal forum, the key step before filing a lawsuit is the assessment of our probability of success--for different reasons than is usually the case.  We need to weigh the chances of a favorable judgment against El Paso against the probability and extent of collateral damage to our defense (not just TW but all of GPG) in Quinque, et al. 2.  I like our case a lot based on what I've seen so far--if I've got it right, our claim is that El Paso breached the 1990 measurement agreement by not calibrating the meters as required and therefore by allowing the error to arise and remain uncorrected for so long.  Under the NM statute, we may get 6 years worth of recovery ( or more, I guess, if they did something to toll the SOL).  Under the Texas SOL, maybe less.  Do we have a good argument that the 1% standard in the measurement agreement and the 2% standard in El Paso's tariff do not absolve them of conversion or breach liability?  Seems to me that El Paso will argue that the FERC tariff preempts our contract rights--but I think the law is on our side there. 3.  The tricky issue then becomes whether our prosecution of the claim against El Paso plays into the hands of our adversaries on the Quinque mess. If so, how do we quantify that risk to allow a rational balancing of the pros and cons.  I'm glad smart guys like you two will have to do that thinking. As usual, I'll try to stay on the sidelines and nod intelligently when you make a recommendation.  DF  PS:  I'm ok with the outside counsel recommendation. 
 Thanks Bob.  I'm out sick today (my wife made me stay home until I quit griping about a sore throat I can't seem to shake), but I forwarded your voicemail on item 3 to Kent yesterday.  I'll forward this to him as a reminder.  ON the other two items, I'll send you separate emails on each.  DF 
 There is obviously a distinction between their situation and ours.  I just don't know what it is yet.  DF 
 I did.  Just got back.  Doctor says I'm just a whiner and I should go back to work.  DF 
 fyi--please keep me from getting disbarred.  Df 
 Thanks for the update!  As for the margarita idea, I'm all over it!  Not just for breakfast anymore!!  DF 
 These guys don't give up.  I'll forward any information Tino gives me on their latest DOE strategy.  Rockey--do you have any interest in following up on Tino's Wichita project??  I don't know how far it is from any of our lines, but it may be worth a chat.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Thanks Tony--we'll discuss on Wed or Thur.  DF 
 I guess this is good news unless they introduce the "next steps" section at the meeting with a slide that is titled "Step One:  Shutting Your Sorry-Ass Pipeline Down ONce and For All" .   Seriously, the agenda doesn't seem to have any flavor of escalation, which is great given the  lack of attractive alternatives for our team right now.  Talk to you about this tomorrow.  DF 
 Great--please send me the current draft on Thur. AM for me to take a look at.  Gracias!  DF 
 pls print out.  thanks. df 
 Here is the info from AA.  Talk to you at 4.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with the new version.  Thanks. DF 
 Pls get me a printout of this Mon. AM.  I couldn't open it.  Thanks. DF 
 Here's a thought that didn't occur to me when I marked up the mock trial script.  Should we have the consultants prominantly feature "IPEC Busters"???  Unless we are pretty sure the judge will keep it out on relevance grounds, it might be useful to at least get some juror reactions to it.  With or without the specific IPEC Busters stuff, we probably ought to assume that Jad's theme will be that Northern's whole philosophy was to breach contracts without flinching if it served our commercial interests. The vitriol from P&P and the other producers plays into that theme.  Maybe we ought to spice that part of the script up a bit also just so we can see how our response plays.  DF 
 Outstanding!  I'm in Houston on Thursday, flying to the big O on the 8:30 pm flight.  I'd love to get together for dinner around 5:00 or so if that works out for you guys.  Any chance of getting together with both of you?  DF 
 pls print up.  thanks df 
 I need to be in DC on Thursday next week, so any time in Denver that allows me to get to DC is ok.  DF 
 Thanks Leslie--I appreciate your efforts and being kept up to speed.  I'm forwarding this to some folks who are much closer to the Navajo ROW issues than I am.  Lou and Steve, please let Leslie and/or me know what direction TW prefers as well as any pitfalls to be wary of.   DF 
 Cabo's--very hip if you like meat markets (which I do, of course).  I suspect that fish tacos are a  very popular dish in London--at least among the London surfer crowd.  You can reach me on the cell phone @402-630-8461--I'll leave it on all day.  So what brings both of you down to Houston?  Anything going on that I ought to know about?  DF 
 Just got an update on the project that won't go away.  Dennis has a meeting lined up with DOE decisionmakers on the 25th.  He is going to pitch the project as an approximately 100 mw power plant, to be owned by (read "financed by") DOE, with the gas pipeline owned by Dennis and\or third parties (read "Enron"?).  Dennis has run economics that show the DOE will get a more than 10% cost savings on the project compared to current PNM rates, even assuming a fairly high gas transport cost because of the smaller gas load.  How did he do it?  Very easy:  they ran the power plant economics using about a $2.00 gas cost instead of current, real world prices.   Dennis' argument is going to be:  "I'll take the risk on building the pipeline and the power plant at a capped cost, and then sell the power plant to you." "You take the risk on gas cost:  if gas cost tracks the 18-24 month average, you will realize your 10% cost savings, but if current fuel costs continue or escalate, you lose."    Either way, your reliability improves and you kick PNM in the shins."  Dennis and Tino apparently think they can sell DOE on this.  By the way, their current story on Richardson is that he won't resign, and won't be forced out by the administration because that would create even more publicity.  You'll love this:  they think Richardson is even more likely to sign off on the deal now because his chances of being nominated for VP or cabinet are dead and he now has nothing to lose in DC.  They think his real angle is now to bring home the bacon to New Mexico and then run for governor out there!!  Apparently the rank and file out in the home state think he got hosed and made a scapegoat unfairly. I've asked  Lorna Brennan to pull some historical San Juan prices together to give to Tino to confirm whether his $2 price is wacky.  Other than that, I just told Tino that we are potentially interested in the pipeline part of the project if the risks and rewards make sense, and that EE&CC might be interested in the design/build on all of it.  He said he'd get back to me after the 25th meeting and tell me whether the project is undead.  DF 
 Tino,  this was easier than I thought!  Just eyeballing the numbers, it looks like $2.00 may even be on the high side on a 24 month or 18 month average basis.   I wasn't sure which email to use so I used both.  Let me know how your meeting goes.  DF 
 Congratulations to you both!  Your designation as V.Ps. is richly deserved! Just among us "constrained technical" people, however,  couldn't they have come up with a better description of our category?  It makes us sound like we are deficient in something other than just career choice!  See you soon--beers are on me!  DF 
 pls print thanks df 
 Excellent!  This a great idea and perfect timing given the kind of things we have lately been getting more and more involved in.  I'll strongly encourage our guys to attend.  DF 
 Thinking about bailing out of the big O for a couple of days w/o rugrats or Sandra. Taking Kari out of her native biome is more hassle than its worth these days.  Might just blow up for a long weekend and do some fishing and beer drinking.  Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I want to see if I can get it on Amazon.   AMFDJF 
 Sorry, I neglected to forward this to you earlier.   You've gotta give these guys credit for being tenacious!  I'll keep you posted on any meaningful developments after their meeting with DOE on the 25th.  Thanks for your patience.  DF 
 Thanks--excellent news.  DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Can't make it, unfortunately.  The agenda sounds great--I believe you have seen the latest draft of the proposed options filing for TW, so I have nothing else to add on that.  Thanks. DF 
 pls grab me when I come in and make me do this.  thanks df 
 Great draft!  I had just a few comments and typos, set out in this redline. I'll be in to take a look at the tariff sheets a bit later this AM.  Thanks for the excellent work!   Martha, pls copy for Steve Stojic. 
 I'm up for Wed. pm assuming a flight from denver to dc is available . Martha--please check and make sure there is a late flight from denver to dc--leaving after 5 pm would be best.  pls coordinate with jeff.  thanks. 
 Yeah, and heth goth  a lisp.   Missed you at the Bay-Bash on Friday.  A lot of fun!  Adios.  DF 
 Please print memo and attachment.  thanks. Df 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks df 
 can you get this to do what it is supposed to?  I hope its not a porno picture.  DF 
 pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df 
 Thanks Susan--I agree with your analysis of the tying issue.  It ain't tying if we aren't restricting access to the service--we are just offering selective discounts.  Christine--I'm OK with it.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 FYI.  Interesting, and no significant deviations from what we discussed.  Dan was up here yesterday with Stan.  He seems like a good guy and is pretty gung ho about getting on board.  Lets keep in touch.  DF 
 FYI.  I met Dan yesterday for the first time--seem like a very good guy.  DF 
 -FYI--this is the kind of significant organizational change that in the old days would have spurred us to dash over to Happy Hollow and drink a bunch of beer and pretend to play golf.  Had you guys heard anything about this??? I'd appreciate your thoughts.  DF 
 I'd prefer that we give them a high level bullet point type summary rather than a draft of the filing itself.  DF 
 Leslie Lawner called and asked if TW could help with the funding of this organization.  As you will recall, the "NM First" group has taken positions on right of way issues that are consistent with TW/Enron's view on Indian right of way issues.  Leslie asked if we could kick in $1000.  I leave this to you guys to weigh in on--If you think it's worthwhile, let me know and one of us can get back to Leslie.  I'm happy to help out with the funding if you think it would be useful.  DF 
 Pls handle this.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the update--Other than the Gallagher Boland $$$ I can't think of anything that we might be squirreling away and capitalizing.  (Grynberg $$ go to a work order also, but are expensed, right?).  Also, I absolutely trust you, but in the Ronald Reagan sense:  "Trust, but verify."  Adios.  DF 
 You guys should enjoy this--especially the last one.   Reed, you never called back you wimpy Pantani butt pirate.  I've got a big case settling and am more likely going to have a shot at blasting out for a couple days of fishing. Let me know whether fishing is worth a shit out there.  DF 
 Thanks for the outstanding and fast service!  DF 
 Tino, attached is a spreadsheet with the info I think you need.  I got the publication wrong--its "Megawatt Daily" that posts daily prices.  Hope this is helpful.  DF  Drew,  Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery points January 1, 1999 through April 30, 2000:  Four Corners Palo Verde Mead Nevada Southwest Power Pool  Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 2000 to present information.  I just have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will get the next disk.  They'll send me the data if we need it.  Lorna 
 No wonder you are oblivious to our meager organizational changes up in Omaha!  You are out doing zillion dollar deals for EBS!!! Congratulations--sounds like a very cool deal!  Lets get together soon down in Houston and debrief--that is if rock star Frank can take time away from the 50th floor crowd to hang with mere mortals!  DF 
 Come out with a whole bunch of cool new machines and your stock gets whacked.  What a weird deal that is.  Anyway, when do you think the new IMacs will be out in stores?  I still havent' got around to buying Sandra her IMac and now she thinks she wants the IMac notebook so its a good thing I didn't do this last month.  Do you concur that the new ones are worth the wait or should we pick up an old one on mega sale once stores start clearing the old ones out?  DF 
 Please get this to Tino.  I don't know what went wrong but the email didn't go throught.  Thanks. DF 
 Great summary.  Sounds like we have plenty to do.  Susan, lets talk Monday and coordinate the law/regulatory stuff.  Gracias.  DF 
 He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past. (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
 I just talked to Cynthia Sandherr about this and she was partly up to speed. They have been fighting with the CFTC to keep it from extending its jurisdiction to Enron Online and to all the financial products Enron sells. We apparently have a bill pending to lock the CFTC in and keep it from going after energy-related financial products.  Cynthia was not aware of any potential collaboration between CFTC and FERC designed to push FERC into the role of regulator of these markets (with CFTC pulling the strings behind the scenes).  Cynthia was cranky about this possibility and will follow up. DF 
 Great--looks like a good start at working through this project.  I've got a couple of thoughts, questions, etc. that I'd like to discuss with you all before we get back to Tino with any kind of preliminary response:  1.  What is our pulse on a project that ramps up slowly to full utilization? This deal will not be 100% subscribed for several years (optimistically) as it is designed to gain market share from a combination of market growth and bypass of existing GCNM customers (and new power generation load, but that part of Tino's story needs more thinking).  The rates on the attached spreadsheet would provide full cost recovery only after the project is fully subscribed, right?  We need to think about the economics of this thing in terms of deferring and recovering in the out years the revenue shortfalls in the early years.  Has GPG ever done deals like that?  2.  On the GCNM discounting issue, it seems we need at least three data points to understand our risks: a.  What do GCNM's current discounts look like? b.  How much more aggressively could GCNM discount in the future if they had to to avoid bypass?   (i.e., are there regulatory or political constraints on increased discounts?) c.   Will the big industrial loads stick with the low cost provider if GCNM tries to undercut the project, or will they be willing to pay a little more just to assure that a new pipeline gets built into their backyard?  3.  Assuming we don't have the risk appetite to get in on a project like this, how do we positiion ourselves to be the preferred upstream pipeline for Langley's project?  I assume that if neither TW nor El Paso partner with Langley he'll interconnect with both.  Do we already have or can we create any kind of competitive advantage under that scenario?  4.  Is the right of way that Langley has negotiated really all that valuable?  From Lorraine's memo, it seems that the issue of which route is best is half baked at best.  If that's all Dennis brings to the table (not counting his big bag of $$$$), does a deal with him really make sense?  I'm sure there are a lot of other issues we need to discuss, but these are the first that come to mind.  Please give me a call when you get together to discuss this as I'd like to be involved in how we respond to Tino and Dennis.  Thanks. DF 
 No, we are paying them $3 mm in addition to handing them the Hobbs line and giving them the option on the Eldo-Spraberry line.  I haven't really thought about it, but I guess the transfer price for the Hobbs line should be some nominal amount--$10 or something.  I'll give you and Louie a call in a bit to discuss.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I'm about a 30.  DF 
 lets talk re: this.  I'm troubled.  df 
 I'm not sure I understand MKM's comment.  We've all approved this deal so its not urgent, but lets talk about it in our meeting today.  df 
 Rock on.  DF 
 Please take a look at this and give me a call.  I didn't know we were expecting any agreement from ECS.  DF 
 The tie in line that TW built is not part of the deal.  We are modifying the agreements to make that totally clear and I believe Rockey is going to talk to Mary Ann Pearce to make sure there is no misunderstanding.  DF 
 Whaaasssssuuup.  Sack--you need to update me on where the hell you are these days.  Flying jets in Denver?  Chicago?  Where?  Reed, you need to check your emails more than once every 6 months.  Huet, I'll call you on the apple data tonight or tomorrow.   Loon, since I sent you a cool email, you need to invite me to at least one boondoggle on Wednesday (Dougie is going to the Fascist convention in Philadelphia all next week to schmooze).  Carmany, you are just weak--you need a wife and about 7 kids to throttle your lifestyle back a bit.  Egg and Kate--I have nothing mean to say to you just now, but I'll work on it.  DF 
 Does anyone find it interesting that we've heard nothing but silence from Dennis and Tino?  I suspect that their big meeting with DOE on the 25th didn't go so well.  If you hear anything let me know, otherwise I'll try to get ahold of Tino sometime next week to find out what DOE said.  DF 
 I didn't know you guys were both in the Moscow office now!  That's a pretty soviet system your network narcs have rigged up.  We ought to get a copy of it--it would keep Enerson and I from wasting 20 hours a week dealing with amusing videos.  Anyway, the vid you have been denied access to is not as interesting as you probably hoped--its the cartoon game of the guys sitting around at a meeting at which you can make them do things by clicking on icons--like click the cell phone and one guy calls the other one and yells "Whaaaassssupppp!"  Its actually pretty amusing, unless you work at a third reich law firm (actually some guy at some other third reich law firm sent it to me, come to think of it!  I'll stick to emails with a "business purpose" so that I don't inadvertently interfere with "firm related business" (like name changes, etc.).  AMFDJF 
 Assuming we keep Arthur Anderson on board this afternoon and assuming Enron is still in the business of doing asset monetizations like this one (which better be the case since its in the TW 4th Q plan @$2.5 mm), the following things need to happen on roughly the following timetable:  1.  Mike talks to Hanover and we negotiate the price, specific contract language, etc.  (hopefully within 2-3 weeks of turning Mike loose?)  2.  Regulatory (assisted by Maria and me) flanges up the FERC abandonment filing and tees it up to file the minute Mike finalizes the deal with Hanover.  We haven't talked about this for a while, but the story we tell FERC has to acknowledge that the monthly O&M cost will be higher under our outsourcing deal than it currently is, if load factor and other operating assumptions remain constant.   That may be the key to our story line--we argue that outsourcing is necessary to creating flexibility in our cost structure to protect us and our ratepayors from market changes, gas flow changes, and capacity turnbacks.  The Compression Services Agreement, as it is currently drafted, has a two part demand-commodity rate.  Thus, if our throuput goes to pot on the segments where these outsourced compressors are, or if we have big capacity turnbacks, the outsource deal allows us to shed costs quickly.  Charlie's preliminary cost spreadsheets seem to me to support this strategy.  I'll talk to Maria and MKM's team about this.  Also, we need to be able to explain to explain that our deal is not all that new or radical.  It is just a tiny bit different from the many deals FERC has seen where compression or other services are outsourced from the get-go with new facilities.  For example, FERC allowed NNG to outsource compressor motor operation and ownership using ECS (and, by tomorrow, hopefully will allow TW to do the same at Gallup).  Florida has a similar deal, as well as intrastates like HPL.  Maria and I and MKM's folks need to turn over every rock to find examples of similary outsourcing that don't involve Enron.  We need to let FERC know that the outsourcing train has already left the station and we just want to jump on board.  3.  We get the abandonment order in the 4th Q and do the deal.  (Will we have the chance to do some more schmoozing and lobbying of FERC folks before we file--i.e., at a prefiling conference???)  See how easy these deals are when you use assumptions to eliminate the many problems! 
 That, my man, is the $64 question.  Kim and Rockie are nailing this down first thing monday AM.  The result of our conversation on Friday with Conoco was that if we own it, they want it, and if we don't own it, we'd better not convey it to them.  Clever devils, they are forcing us to determine exactly what it is that we own!  Talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 Here is the draft letter agreement.  We are still discussing it with ECS and can make whatever changes are appropriate.  Note that the letter agreement ties back to Article 6 of the Compression Services Agreement.  That article, you may recall, is where ECS agreed to create a computerized system that would monitor Continental Divide's electric system utilization and warn when their system peaks were occurring and then automatically take the compressor offline (subject to manual override) so we and ECS could avoid peak period demand charges.  Instead of creating such a system, which apparently turned out to be mostly a manual system anyway, ECS is going to pay us a monthly fee to monitor CD's system peaks ourselves and decide when we need to get off line.  The load management service has to do with operational management of the load we place on CD's electric system, and is not a jurisdictional gas transportation or storage service.  Note that the service goes on for 10 years (as required by the accountants' 10 year amortization rule) and thus may be vulnerable to scrutiny and potential revenue crediting in TW's 2007 rate case.  Any way to avoid that?  DF 
 Speak of the devil.  Tino called, all full of optimism and questions.  They have pitched the DOE a deal in which Dennis builds three 50 Mw turbines on the Isleta, and a 7 mile power line to DOE's distribution lines.  The project will apparently be 100%debt financed, with DOE agreeing to pay a firm demand charge rate of between 8 and 9 cents/kwh.  That rate is supposedly high enough to service the debt on a 10 year amort. basis (remember, DOE can only sign 10 year contracts).  DOE is interested, says Tino, because of the redundant, dedicated facilities and enhanced reliability, and because Dennis and Tino pitched DOE on all the $$$$ DOE will make from the surplus power sales.  Dennis apparently pitched them a "share the upside" deal under which DOE keeps most of the revenue from surplus sales.  Tino showed DOE the July spot prices at 4 Corners, which Tino said included many days over $200/Mwh and they got all excited.  DOE has done a similar share the upside deal at one of its facilities in Calif. Tino says and they have occasionally come out net positive on elec. costs in some months so they like the approach.  Tino had two questions: 1.  Does TW have 30-40,000/d of permian capacity available starting sometime in 2001 or 2002?  (I realize we have probably answered this question about 5 times, but lets do it again for him). 2.  Is there someone at ENA Tino can talk to about a getting a quote for long term and/or short term power purchase prices for Four Corners delivery?   If he can get something the DOE thinks is a good price, they m ay just sell all the surplus power forward.  If not, they'll just hang on to it and sell it into the cash market in monthly and daily deals.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print--I'll look at it in the am (maybe!) DF 
 I'm ok with the change.  Just curious, but Courtney doesn't get any  time value of money recognition on his prepayment?  Also, the prepayment gives us a cash, but not earnings, benefit, right?  Thanks.  DF 
 Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last meeting.  I'm not sure we create a separate set of goals and objectives for each operating company, although Bill's ET&S goals and objectives obviously cover both.  I want to see if we need to create some kind of new document or whether we can use something off the shelf.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I think you said you have this covered, but just in case, here is the latest.  DF 
 Am I the only one having a deja vu experience?  I know you can't believe what you read, but the trade press makes it sound like capacity to California is worth about a zillion bucks--are we sure we want to do this???? DF 
 Oh, wait a minute--I was thinking current prices, not April-Oct. prices.  Is the basis  for that 7 month period below max rates? 
 Bill, attached is a memo prepared by Susan Scott that does a good job of answering the several questions that you had about the situation at Topock. Note that in Susan's first answer, PG&E has no obligation to Transwestern to accept gas at Topock.  They may well have obligations to their own transportation customers or sales customers that have to be satisfied with Topock receipts, but that doesn't give TW any rights against PG&E.  I realize these are not comforting answers, but I wanted us all to have a realistic understanding of where we are.  I'm running this by Lou in case he has a different spin on the history or the agreements.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with it, thanks to some coaching from Jeff.  I would suggest that our marketers specifically mention to all interested bidders (especially Texaco) that the lottery tiebreaker is clearly identified in the posting and if they want to be there to witness it they better call us because we don't send out engraved invitations.  Good luck.  DF 
 Drew and Sandra Fossum 6068 Country Club Oaks Pl. Omaha, NE  68152 
 No--that ought to do it.  DF 
 Oh, how about sending one to Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns and ask Britt Davis if he wants one.  Thanks DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 In case you haven't done it already, please cross out the note on your calendar that today is the day the Conoco trial starts!  What better day to announce a celebration of the settlement, since without it many of us would be sitting in a courtroom in Midland wondering whether the trial would last 3 weeks or 30.   With that image firmly in mind, please plan on joining us for a celebratory dinner on Thursday, August 17th at 6:00 at Brennan's.  Again, thanks for all of your  efforts on this case, and I hope to see you on the 17th!  DF 
 Not that I know of.   DF 
 I'm on vacation and unreachable the 21st through the 23d, but will be in Houston on the 24th--10:00 would work fine.  If you've got Lou and Mike, you may not need me as they are the GPG Law designated spokesmodels on 2001 plan issues.  DF 
 Any news on looking at the NiSource storage stuff?  Have we gotten the packet from Chase or whichever investment banker guys you talked to?  I heard again from a non-Enron source that "Enron is looking at the MHP assets" so it must be true!  Thanks.   DF 
 Bueno.  DF 
 no comments.  thanks. DF 
 Excellent.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Ugh.  We are in for a battle.  Some of this may be OK, but I detect an underlying philosophy that pipelines should simply not be allowed into markets that unregulated players (using the gray market or financial products) currently have monopoly control over.  DF 
 pls print and put both mtgs on my sch.  thanks df 
 Looks good--one typo in bullet 4, I think "not addressing" should be "nor addressing."   Please bcc me and Mike on the final version.  Thanks df 
 please print.  thanks df 
 Please take a look at Vig's effort to detect price arbitrage behavior on TW using the same method that Steve Kirk used on Northern.  You'll recall that Steve's chart on Northern showed an very close correlation between the calculated arb opportunity and the direction and size of the aggregate customer imbalances, by month.  Proving once again that TW is just a little different, that method shows no correlation at all on TW.  I agree with Vig's conclusion that we should not use this data in the 637 filing.  I tried one alternative reading of the data to see if I could find a correlation.  Steve's method evenly weights the value of arb opportunities that occur early and late in a month.  Please tell me if you agree, marketing folks, but I think a more logical approach would risk-weight the apparent arb opportunites.  In other words, an apparent opportunity to short TW and sell the gas for a $.25/mmbtu profit on the 5th of a month is unlikely to generate arb behavior because a trader has no idea on the 5th what the cash out index will be at the end of the month.  In contrast, an opportunity to make $.25 on the 25th of a month, when a trader can calculate pretty closely what the monthly index will be, is basically free money.  Using that logic, I ignored any apparent arb opportunites in the first half of the month.   I eyeballed the timing and size of the arb opportunites (i.e., there's a $.70-.90 arb opportunity to short TW from the 23d to the end of May, 2000) rather than using Steve's mathematical approach.   I still didn't see the kind of correlation I'd expect.  The correlation is directionally positive in only 4 out of 12 months, and the size of the imbalances doesn't even make sense in the months that correlate on direction.  I give up, and am removing the arb argument from the daily imbalance section of the draft.  I'll route that separately.  Thanks to Vig, Susan, Lorraine and Richard for hustling on this analysis. "Its better to try [to find a correlation] and fail than never to try at all. . .." 
 Attached is my redline of your Sat. draft.  In addition to the revisions in the doc, I have a few questions and concerns: 1.  On the segmenting section, I think it is a fine legal argument, but it lacks something.  What is our "or else" position?  Does the Global Settlement give us any FERC-out rights or colorable argument that the entire deal should be unwound if FERC screws up the segmenting issue?  I'm not suggesting that we should trigger a FERC out if we have one, but if we arguably do, we should consider threatening to use it.  I'm afraid we come across as whiny and FERC's position will likely be "so what, what are you going to do about it?" If we have no arguable "FERC-out" and the only  "or else" we have is that we'll take them to Court and force them to adhere to the original deal, I'm for leaving the draft as-is.  We can make our appeal threat more direct on rehearing if they hose us in the initial order. 2.  On the arbitrage argument, I've taken out any reference to an example and softened the verbiage a bit.  I want to leave in the references to the arbitrage issue, however, because FERC understands the problem and believes it is widespread.  We don't need to prove exactly how big a problem it is on our system (although it would have been very effective if we had clear facts). 3.  Do any of the OBA changes arguably conflict with the Global Settlement? If so, we'd  better be prepared to eat our words from the segmenting section.  Covering ourselves in the sanctity of that Settlement in section 1 and then fiddling around with it in section 2 won't play well.  It is my understanding that the OBA system on TW was not part of the turnback resolution deal so I hope this won't be a problem. 4.  On FN 20, I'd suggest we use Vig's data and chart for May of 2000.  The arb opportunity is huge and clear.  We reference in the FN that we use all six of the Gas Daily price points, and I think Vig used just 3.  What's the right answer?  Good work everyone--please give it one more careful look on Monday AM and it should be good to go.  DF 
 I suspect this didn't get to you as I originally used your MSN address.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Oh oh.  Time for another nomination? 
 Count me in!  DF 
 Give me a call when you get the chance to look at this and I'll update you on the discussion we had yesterday on automating the request for service process.  Shelley, Tony and myself got comfortable that with a few changes to the verbiage a customer sees before he clicks on a parcel of capacity, and with a couple of minor limitations on the capacity we sell (i.e., no Subpart B-restricted 311 capacity parcels) Northern will be able to treat a customer's click on a parcel of capacity as submission of a request for service. 
 Tony, I agree it look s fine.  I've talked briefly with Glen and emailed my thoughts to them, but haven't had a chance to walk Glen and MKM through what we discussed yesterday.  DF 
 Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?  Please get me up to speed. Thanks DF 
 Leslie, I'll follow up with Mike McGowan.  Is there an invoice or something floating around that you are aware of?  Shall we just send to you Tom and have you get it to the right place?  I'm not sure anyone has been hired yet to fill Tim's position, but I know that is in progress.  Mike--please give me a call re: this.  Thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I think we are pretty well covered on this issue--thanks for checking!  DF 
 Don't think so--where was he before his current job?  DF 
 Interesting.  I remember vaguely that we had some concern with how VAR was calculated.  I recall that Dave Neubauer didn't think that we were doing it right for TW.  Do you remember this issue?  If so, does this change address the same issue?  Also, I'll line up a meeting today or tomorrow on  the TW options filing in general, and we can discuss the customer meeting and also touch on this internal controls issue.  Thanks  DF 
 Ugh.  We'll keep working this angle if their new attorney shows up on deck, but I think Susan and I have done as much as can be done with Howard H.  Do any of you know what the Red Cedar facilities look like?  I.e. how many miles of line, any big diameter line, any compression, etc?  Howard must have read some old cases and gotten himself spooked that their facilites aren't gathering under the modified primary function test.  I'm not sure why he thinks signing a transport contract with us will make their situation any worse, but that seems to be his conclusion.  If Steve and Bill can't nudge Red Cedar's management into doing the deal, I'd suggest that you both or one of you ask Tsuri (sp?) to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard leaves, maybe with one of the Kinder Morgan lawyers on the phone also, and we'll try to straighten this out. 
 pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.  thanks df 
 I'm OK with this agreement.  Christine, I appreciate your explanation of how we developed the rate.  Hopefully, once FERC approves our purchase and sale of options, we can price them as a stand alone service.  For now, including the optionality as a bundled component of the total discounted rate--as we did here--is appropriate. 
 I called Tino today to let him know that our affiliates are sniffing around a power plant opportunity and potential gas bypass pipeline in Albuquerque. Kevin, you should be getting a call from a guy in Portland whose name I can't seem to find right now.  He had gotten my name from Thome out there and called to let me know that ENA is interested in pitching either PNM or some outfit called "Delta" on development or expansion of a gas-fired power plant in the south part of Albuquerque.  It didn't sound to me like ENA was very far along in their deal.  I explained to this guy what we were involved in and swore him to confidentiality.  I also told him he need to call either Kevin or Steve before he talked to PNM.  I thought it was a little curious that ENA is interested in generation in Alb. all of a sudden.  On the Tino front, he apologized for not calling after their big DOE meeting.  He said it went very well and that DOE is considering their offer--$.085/Kwh power less revenue sharing for all surplus power sold.  Tino and Dennis offered DOE 70% of the $$ from the surplus power sales until a certain target is hit (probably a target equivalent to DOE's current PNM rate less 10%) and then 30% of any additional $$.   Tino and Dennis really blew some smoke by showing the DOE guys this summer's Four Corners spot prices (generally in the $200-400/mwh range) and doing the math for them. On that basis, the net delivered power cost after rebate comes pretty close to zero. Even using a more reasonable sampling of Four Corners prices, the DOE price is apparently better than their current PNM price.  The big issue is whether DOE can figure out how to keep the rebate $$ at Sandia, rather than lose the $$ to treasury.   Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can to help.  Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn't get my computer to recognize his name.  Please call if you have any questions.  DF 
 pls print asap.  df 
 In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O. DF 
 Looks good to me--and I agree that we ought to use if for internal purposes only.  If people at the customer meeting want more detail than you guys are able to provide orally, we could consider adding detail to the FERC filing or even sending them some additional explanation that we may or may not decide to file with FERC.  Good luck today!  DF 
 Give em hell in the deposition my friend!  If you get the chance, ask them how much of that $400 mm they set aside for you!   Hey, we need to talk about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct. Interested?  DF 
 We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any "document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF 
 Yuck.  I am eager to discuss this with you both.  DF 
 Love to.  I'll probably be down in Houston next week--most likely thur-fri. I'll call you when I know fer shure.  Pheasant gig is around Oct 27-30 or so.  More detail to follow.  DF 
 Great--please send to MKM and other interested parties.  Thanks. DF 
 Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to. Thanks  DF 
 Does this fit our understanding of the policies?  DF 
 Jeff and Jeff--Pls keep me and Kathy Ringblom posted on whatever you find. Thanks. DF 
 Thanks.  Unfortunately, I think the answers are yes and yes. 
 I don't know what she is even talking about.  Why does MKM have someone "coordinating" the migration to Windows 2000?  Doesn't the IT dept. do that, or has MKM taken over the IT dept?  What "issues" could we possibly have???? Even if we had issues (which I most certainly do not, in spite of what everyone says) how could we possibly get the IT juggernaut to pay attention? We are all helpless to stop it in spite of our puny efforts to "coordinate" or "raise issues".    DF 
 Great!  L.D. is sending around a new slightly modified term sheet--lets talk tomorrow.  I want to get Lee into this also.  Thanks.  DF 
 Good question.  I think John is the designated hen shooter on the Omaha marketing team.  John, do we even allow TW people to use Pheasant Haven?  DF 
 Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a glowing report on the situation.  His opening day group is down to 6 guys so he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot at the rest.  He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out to fast and getting mad.    I assured him that the way we all shoot that wouldn't be a problem. When:  Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29. Where:  Kenebec S.D.  (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from Omaha) $$:   $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.   If we dwindle to less than 8, its $100 per guy.  (he will cut us some slack on this if some of you can only hunt 2 days.) Fish:  Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included Lodging :  Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.  Super 8 is a lovely place:  motto is "Labs sleep free."  $100 per night, 4 guys per room+ $25/head/night.  So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.   I'd like to get 10 locked in solid by end of Sept.  More than that would make the hunting a little clumsy.  Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due around this time.  What a lame excuse!!  You were there for the first 4, right? Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?  If you guys have anyone else that's interested other than the folks that have already been invited, let me know as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have around 10. Talk to you.  DF 
 You apparently didn't get this because my computer refuses to recognize your correct address.  Maybe this will work--I figured you'd want an opportunity to rebut.  Frank responded (through Deb Cappielo--he didn't have the guts to call himself) that he actually held the Gen. Couns. and Marketing VP jobs simultaneously for 3 months so I'm still way short of matching his record.DF 
 Damn.  I'm still in third place.  DF 
 Check with Steve and Lorraine re: whether we should call their lawyer.  I don't want to call FERC except as a last resort.  Thanks. DF 
 Awesome!  Tell Brother Dick that we're thinking about the camping deal--he's macho enough to groove on that.  Bummer about your dog rule--I was looking forward to sneezing all night.  DF 
 Great--Texans know the difference between a dog and a bird.  Still unclear whether they recognize the distinction between a hen and a hun!!!  (Read John's email more carefully!)  Of course, at Pheasant Haven you can shoot both (and probably the dogs too) so the difference doesn't matter.  Kevin, I've been thinking about your original reqeust and may need to exercise the Legal Dept. veto.  These customers of yours are the same ones that can't drive a jet ski without paramedics around, right?  And now you want them wandering around Nebraska heavily armed???  What the hell are you thinking? DF 
 P.s., thanks for the offer on the duck lease--I may want to join you sometime!  DF 
 Lou's right, I probably won't be able to help answer any questions, but I am happy to offer my insights on how to cut his budget.   DF 
 Bummer--it would have been a hoot.  Drinking and guns go together like ham and eggs.  I'm in a meeting from 8:15 til 9 but then free for awhile--give me a buzz whenever its convenient. DF 
 I noted in the Finance and Accounting report that you guys are setting up a meeting with AA to talk about the draft risk management document that folks had been working on a year ago.  Please include Tony and I.   We had some questions and concerns that I have long since forgotten but will renew and talk to you about before the AA meeting.  Thanks. DF 
 Shoot, I'll be on my way to KC for KS Ad valorem.  Tony--pls cover for us. Thanks DF 
 Great--am forwarding to Dave for his thoughts.  I'll talk to you when I get back. Marhta--pls print.  DF 
 Here is my suggested mark up (in bold) of Greg's paragraph.  I haven't sent it to him yet.  My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.  Dari, please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting Par. 7.   It is in the standard form OBA, but it is inconsistent with the new letter agreement.   DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 I thought Becky's draft answer to protests looked great.  Her mention of the amount of TW capacity held by the Indicated Shippers was an elegant touch. No changes.  Thanks.  DF 
 I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.  Thanks DF 
 take a look and we'll send it to Greg.  DF 
 Here is Dave's OBA calculation exhibit.  Please call to discuss at your convenience.  DF 
 Approved.  DF 
 pls remind me of this.  thanks df 
 Hey--how the hell are you?  Still having fun and living large in the big apple?  Things are great on the prarie--Huskers are No. 1 in the nation (I'm actually talking about college womens volleyball since I refuse to watch professional Husker football) and wife and small chicks are doing great.  As to SD firm, I've almost hired Lynn Jackson Schultz and LeBrun a couple of times and then ended up not needing them.  I think its the biggest firm in SD (big whoop)  and is pretty well thought of.  I went to college with a partner in their Sioux Falls office named Jon Sogn.  He's a commercial litigator and a pretty good guy.  Good luck and hope all goes well.  DF 
 I haven't seen one in a while--please send me the current one.  We are so rarely on duty up here in Omaha that it isn't really worth doing for us!  DF   Peggy Phillips   09/18/2000 12:52 PM 
 pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed one to Dave Neubauer and me.,  Thanks DF 
 Maria informed me that you left your shootin' irons in Texas when you moved up here.  What were you thinking?  I'm organizing a pheasant hunting trip in late October out in Western S. D.  Probably leave here Friday , Oct 27 and return Sun PM.  Any interest?  DF 
 This list looks much better than the other one.  Please make sure that we are clear with the FERC people that this is a list of AA projects related to CWIP and not a list of everything under the sun that AA does for us.  I want to avoid any appearance that we misled the FERC people.  Thanks. DF 
 Now that the celebrating has died down, lets decide whether to seek rehearing or clarification of the order.  If there is anything in it that disadvantages us, we should consider rehearing, particularly since it is a nearly certain that our friends at SoCal will file a nasty one. (It might be good for Steve H. or Bill or whoever has the best relationship with SoCal to make a high level courtesy call to extend the olive branch and tell them that we'll work with them to minimize their concerns blah blah blah.  At minimum, we'll probably learn if they do intend to seek rehearing)  I see two things that may be worth seeking rehearing on:  1.  The requirement that we disclose our discount agreements in 15 days. FERC really punted this issue.  They say that "since the expansion capacity is fully subscribed we see no reason why Transwestern should not publicly disclose the agreements. . . . "  This is the first time I've heard of any rule that if your project is fully subscribed you therefore lose your right to confidential treatment of sensitive pricing info.  At minimum, we could argue that the requirement is arbitrary and capricious because FERC didn't even mention its normal regulations and procedures governing filing of discount reports.  It just cited the certificate regulation that requires an applicant to "file" its rate information with the Commission (which we did) and ignores the regulation (Sec. 284.7(c)(6)) that doesn't require a pipeline to publicly disclose its discounts until 15 days  after the close of the billing period to which the discount pertained.  The commercial people need to decide if we care about this issue--i.e., how upset will the customers with the high rates be when they learn about the low rates?    Also, Frank and Steve and Susan--since the order imposes a 15 day deadline on this issue, do we need to file for a stay first and then rehearing?  2.  The ECS issue. I think we can work around this for the Gallup project, by filing a report describing the operational control TW has under the O & M agreement.   I've talked to Mark Knippa of ECS and he is running the idea by Courtney and will get back to me today.  My real worry is what the "operational control" requirement does to our future outsourcing/ monetization projects.  I think ECS and Hanover need to have operational control over the assets in our other deals (i.e., TW compressor monetization) in order for both of us to get the accounting treatment we need to monetize the forward revenue streams.  If we agree that TW will keep absolute operational control on this deal, FERC will use it as precedent when we come in with the TW compression deal.  Arthur Anderson will crap on the monetization part of that deal (which is, after all, the whole point of doing it) if TW retains too much control over the asset.  I'm not sure how to solve this yet, but lets all put some thought into it.  3.  Any others???  I'll turf to MKM the question of whether we need to set up a meeting on this and when to chat.  DF 
 I heard there was an article in the WSJ a few days ago on Blockbuster and that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?  Thanks. dF 
 Thanks.  DF 
 Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF 
 Per my voice mail yesterday--I'm getting more curious about what's going on with every garbled answer I get.  DF 
 The last couple of meetings with Elaine have been full of surprises for all of us!  DF 
 Sounds tempting, but I'm otherwise committed.  DF 
 Some of you may have seen the article in the WSJ already, but for those of us in Omaha (who don't typically get the Texas Edition) it was news to us.  Not only is the article relevant because it apparently caused the stock to dip by $10, but the article elaborates on concerns that apply to a form of accounting that some of our commercial people would like to have apply to our business.  I'm not sure the accounting rules would permit mark to market treatment for transport or storage contracts, but it may be appropriate for financial or commodity deals.  DF 
 Congratulations on your new responsibilities.  I look forward to working with you on the Litigation Unit stuff (as Eric will advise you, a very pleasant task!).  DF 
 Congrats big guy!  I look forward to showing you the sights in the Big O. Since that will only take about 10 minutes, we'll have plenty time to go out for a beer afterwords!  DF 
 Good idea--its good to get Martha out of town now and then so the rest of us can get some rest!  DF 
 You guys are making us and our shareholders rich.  I hope you are having fu= n=20 doing it.  Keep up the good work!  DF 
 I've redlined the outline to address what I believe is the most important risk you guys will face out there:  the risk that FERC will listen to your presentation and conclude that the embedded optionality that some pipelines are currently offering in transport contracts is a negotiated term and condition and therefore must be stopped.  I think we need to tailor the presentation and filing to minimize the chance that FERC will take away flexibility we think we now have (i.e., the flexibility to embed shipper puts in transport contracts).   Even if the TW approach on unbundled options goes nowhere, several of the strategies we may want to implement next year depend on continued ability to sell embedded options.   Susan, Shelley,a nd MKM, I still think it is a good idea to push this proposal, but am concerned that FERC might squirrel and go the opposite direction we are trying to push them.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 the bid/asked spread narrows as you go out in time also--weird.  I'll come down and grab you guys in a minute as I have a few questions.  Thanks.  DF 
 The Market Services bullets listed a capacity release deal between MUD and Oxy at 102% of max. rates.  Please let me know whatever we know about that deal--points, term, etc.  Very interesting.  DF 
 Thanks for the prompt info!!  I hope we can help this guy get his power plant built.  DF 
 Sorry, just got back from Houston and my duties require me to be in the big O for a few days.  Enerson and I were just talking about you on Friday--I'm forwarding this to him so he can take you out and feed you.  Hope all goes well.  Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters).  DF 
 John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord's work on this case! Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well.  Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this email address or by mail at 1111 S. 103d St. Omaha Nebraska, 68124.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 please find out when/where this meeting is and get me in on it--also, is this attachment the same document that Tony sent me and I sent to you to print? thanks df 
 this answers when and where 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 the former--an extension of the 15 day deadline on disclosing the prices 
 Eric, I think it would be good for you to join us for this meeting.  We're following up on some concerns that arose during the Conoco case about inadequate compliance with Enron document retention policies.  I'm not sure that this subject is within your turf down there, but your historical experience may be useful. 
 Great to hear from you!  I'll forward this to the smart guys and see if they have any interest.  Let me know which pipes you'll interconnect with and we'll have a better sense of who else in the organization might be interested.  Kent and Morgan, when we get Tony's response on the interconnects, can you think it through from Florida's perspective also? Thanks.  DF 
 Im big on togetherness, but if you'd rather do separate meetings I'm ok with that also.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Did you all see the blurb in Sep. 29 gas daily on Williams' deal with PROS on a revenue management system?  May be useful to use with our management if there is anxiety about going forward.  DF 
 for calendar.  thanks df 
 Optional.  (to this meeting, I mean!) df 
 OK.  df 
 OK.  df 
 Stan is now the president of Northern.  Dari, have you seen any changes to the org. charts etc. to reflect this?  DF 
 Are you shittin' me?  Do we do this every quarter?  DF 
 FYI:  more O&M gymnastics, but so far no impact on law.  DF 
 What's up?  Did Rick fire you?  Or does he work for you now?  DF 
 Many apologies comrade!  By the way, "organization" is spelled with a "z" not an "s" in American English.  Or do you write in English American now?  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I agree with your concern but I've gotten comfortable that the pleading does a good job of finessing the issue.  Technically, you are right and PNM's service is neither "firm" or "interruptible."  It is my understanding that PNM  assigns priority based on a number of factors including whether the customer is a core customer or not, et cet.  I think that PNM is capable of determining on a contract by contract basis whether the capacity will be firm, even though the rate schedule may not say "firm."   Explaining all that complexity would make it unlikely that FERC would approve the rehearing. Nevertheless, I believe its accurate to say that we will only repackage as firm service the capacity that we buy from PNM and that they tell us is "firm."  I think the draft does that, without going throught the unhelpful detail on how PNM handles its own priority system.  If I misunderstand the facts or if anyone disagrees with this approach, lets talk about it.  DF 
 This looks good to me.  Legal is still OK with this approach.  DF 
 Looks good to me  wiht Tony's revision.  DF 
 Lee, I did get your draft.  Sorry I didn't get to it right away.  My comments are attached.  Please review and make sure I didn't exaggerate the obligation too much.  I agree that Stuart should take a look.  Thanks. DF 
 OK by me.  dF 
 pls print and hand to me.  DF 
 I hope you make it in and get this Mon. AM!  We missed you!  Please print and hand off to me so I can head it during Bill's mtg.  Adios.  DF 
 Pls give me a call. DF 
 I don't see any immediate problem.  As long as the advertising didn't interfere with the effectiveness and efficiency of Hot Tap as a tool for satisfying our posting and notice obligations, FERC shouldn't care.  The revenue would be nonjurisdictional and would be treated as such in Northern's or TW's next rate case.  As to the "type of advertising," I can't think of a legal or regulatory reason we need to be picky, but we may want to exclude certain types of services that seem to rely heavily on internet advertising if you know what I mean.  DF 
 Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.  thanks df 
 I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC's questions without deferring any to other people.  Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and make sure you are up to speed on everything FERC has asked for and focused on so far.  You don't need to be an expert on all that, but a basic understanding of what they have already looked at will help you be more responsive to what they want to ask you about.  If you do get stumped, try to defer the question by telling FERC you need to check on a fact or two and can answer that question after a break or at the end of the interview.  By doing that , you should be able to get them the information they need without having them cross examine a bunch of other people.  Inevitably, if you ask enough people the same question, you may start getting different answers. Lee, I'd like you to be on the phone call with Ray, Keith and Gary to discuss generally what to be ready for and what FERC has already looked at.  Please let me know if anyone has any concerns about this approach.  DF 
 Shelley--looks good to me.  DF 
 Thanks for following up on this all.  I'm good on Stuart's recommendation.  DF 
 Excellent idea!!  There is ample opportunity for all three of us in the hot air business.  I talked to Dave yesterday and I think this is a great fit for him.  He's back to doing what he does best--convincing investors and customers to pour money into a hole in the ground! 
 MidAm advised us they intend to call the enforcement hotline, probably today, to get enforcement staff involved in resolving the Carlton timing problem (i.e., the absence of an order approving or not approving the settlement). If Midam does so, Enforcement will then contact Northern for a response--probably Dari or MKM or I, but who knows who they'll call. If they do, the following bullets are important to convey as our preliminary response to MidAm:  1.  Midam, and all of our customers, are aware that a Commission order on the June 2, 2000 Settlement is necessary before the precise flow obligation for this Nov-March period can be determined.  The flow obligation for sourcers like MidAm will be slightly higher--by about 3%--if the settlement is approved.  For all customers that have asked what the precise flow obligation numbers would be under the two scenarios, settlement approval or settlement non-approval, we have given that information.  We gave that information to MidAm also.  We can't file the tariff sheets setting out the specific number for this heating season until the Commission addresses the settlement.  2.  The true financial impact of the current uncertainty on MidAm is minimal.  We believe many of the sourcers have locked in their supply based on the lower flow obligation number, but with an option to increase their purchase quantity if the Commission approves the settlement.  MidAm may have done that, but we don't know.  If not, and if the Commission approves the Settlement, their only real "cost" would arise if they have to buy the additional flow obligation volume--about 1100 MMBtu/d for MidAm--now at a higher price than they would have paid if they bought it earlier when they locked up the bulk of their flow obligation supply.    Given the large drop in gas prices the last several days, there may not be any increased cost.  3.  The bottom line is that we really need an order on the Settlement.  The majority of Northern's customers support it as a fair solution to the Carlton problem.  MidAm is the only opponent that has raised substantive issues. MidAm is clinging to a financial windfall it gets under the old Carlton mechanism and has no reason to oppose the settlement other than preserving that windfall.   That's the end of the proposed script.  The last bullet may go to far, but I like it.  Frank and Steve, MKM suggested that you guys get Doering and Gorak and others to call FERC (hotline or otherwise--I don't think it matters) and express their concern that the order is not on the agenda.  DF 
 As soon as I know, you'll know.  DF 
 I'm good on this.  DF 
 I'm OK based on Susan's approval and with her one suggested change.  Thanks. DF 
 I tried calling you to confirm we are all square on the webtext for Northern but can't track down your ph. number.  Please call me if there are any problems or concerns.  Thanks for the help.  DF  402-389-7449 
 Great.  DF 
 Sorry, my form file is bare on that topic.  DF 
 Where are you gonna be on Nov. 7?  Victory parties (or defeat parties) I'm sure.  I may be in DC at least for the afternoon--gonna have any time free? DF 
 Makes sense.  Thanks df 
 As always, when we have a juicy topic, anyone on your  staffs that you think would benefit from this are invited to attend.  DF 
 Not critical--if you have nothing better to do, great.  DF 
 Doug_Gessell@Transcanada.com 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Looks good to me--load away.  DF 
 Inspiring letter.  My few changes attached. 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Good idea on Kim and Martha--pls line them up for the next meeting after tomorrow (call Martha Benner to schedule)  DF 
 pls print what ever of this junk that I need.  df 
 Sorry, I missed it!  I haven't been briefed yet on what the plan is.  I assume we have one, however.  If anyone tells me what it is, I may be in a position to explain it to you.  DF 
 You are right-- Glen and Tony confirmed.  Thanks .  DF 
 Please take a look at this new communication tool at your earliest convenience and give your input to one or more projects.  This is our opportunity to provide meaningful creative input to the slew of new revenue generation ideas that are flying around.  I appreciate your efforts to make innovation as high a priority in the law group as it is throughout all of Enron!  DF 
 To synthesize what I'm hearing from you and MKM (and Mr. Ni),  our story is that we will post for sale an option with a specific MDQ, type (i.e., European option or American or whatever), flow period, and points.  For example, we'd post  a European call on 10,000/d of Nov. 01--March 02 Permian to Topock firm capacity with an exercise date of Jan 1, 2001.  the customer would bid an option price and a transport rate.  We'd look at both components under a publicly posted evaluation method to decide who wins.  I.e., we may post a method saying the winner is the one who pays the highest option fee so long as the transport rate bid is above "x".   Seems pretty straightforward, and we ought to be able to clarify this adequately in our answer to protests.  DF 
 Steve Anderton called today and has cleared the arbitration with his firm's conflict committee.  He's sending an email tomorrow describing the specific results of his conflict check.  I'll forward it to you both for review.  From my discussions with Steve, I think he'd do a great job as our arbitrator. Are we all in agreement on using Steve or are there some other competing candidates?  Do you guys want to talk to him or meet with him first?  Britt, do we need a retention agreement with Steve if we decide to use him?   A self-serving retention agreement may be a good idea if we think OneOk might challenge our arbitrator based on alleged bias.  Also, if we are good to go with Steve, I'd like to send him a package of the key documents and then meet with him to discuss the case sometime in the next week or two.  Britt, any concerns with my doing that as long as I don't send him anything privileged? (I'm assuming for the sake of safety that the attorney client privilege doesn't apply to our communications with our arbitrator unless instructed otherwise).  He is down in Houston two days a week so we could do it there. DF 
 pls circulate to the group.  Thanks df 
 Grab me to discuss for a few minutes--both would be interesting topics.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I'd be happy to give you some specific feedback on this project.  I think you did a good job of bringing some focus to a project that badly needed focus. I was particularly pleased with how you vectored off from what started out as a computer system enhancement project and instead you brought home a solution that allows us to improve things immediately with manual processes and then upgrade to a system if we choose.  You showed a lot of creativity and flexibility in adapting to the changing project focus.  I really valued your thoroughness in getting input from all interested parties.  Your legwork up front made it a lot easier to get needed buy-in when we finally brought management in.  The product was timely and I expect it to deliver on my expectations, although the implementation will be the key.  Thanks again for the good work, and expect me to be a frequent customer.  DF 
 Paul Bieniawski's phone number is 713-345-8641.  Go ahead and give him a call just as a courtesy  to let him what you guys are looking at at Bushton and let him know I put you up to it.  If he has some useful off the cuff insights, great.  If not, that's fine also.  I don't expect you to send him any material or get him deeply involved--just give him a heads up.  DF 
 Ugh.  Do we need to say "from storage inventory" or can we just mention gas sales?  I seem to recall that we already discussed that and the accountants wanted to mention the source of the sold gas, but if I'm wrong, lets make the reference less specific.  Thanks. DF 
 FYI.. This will be one of the topics this pm.  DF 
 Great--please make one change for me--change  "influence it" to "comment on it"  at the end of the first par. of B.  thanks DF 
 A couple of issues strike me as particularly important to report on tomorrow: (1) the TW train wreck--possible insurance coverage and strength of any claim against the railroad.  We ought to talk to Lou to make sure we have the latest info as I haven't talked to him since Thursday.  (2)  Status of possible litigation involving OneOk.  I don't think anyone has reported to Stan on the threatening noise from ONeOk about Praxair's rejection of the OneOk force majeure letter.  I'm sure MKM (or Dan on her behalf) will report that we are getting the strangers contract ready to send out, but she may not mention the Winston conversation with Charlie Graham.  I'll check the bullets again to see if anything else jumps out.  Talk to you at 8:30.  DF 
 I'm good with Maria's changes.  Thanks both.  DF 
 Looks good to me--I think you ought to have them file it asap.  Then we need to get a couple of additional shippers to respond to Edwards' thing.  DF 
 The easiest way would be to delay the closing until January.  Is there a reason we can't do that?  DF 
 What's the basis--do you currently use a laptop? 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 memo 
 Please follow up with Lou on this.  It sounds like something the commercial people would be in a good position to answer, so maybe start by finding out if they are already responding, either through Lou or otherwise.  Then get the right people to review and supplement this list.  Thanks. df 
 I appreciate the message, Tom, and by this email am requesting that my clients give this some thought.  Either Mike or I will be back in touch with you shortly.  Thanks again!  DF 
 pls print.  thanks 
 The truth comes out.   - MORONS1.GIF 
 Are you coming?  I think I owe you a beer or two, and since it will be on my expense account, I don't mind paying up!  DF 
 Are you going?  If so, I'll see you there.  DF 
 Sorry you weren't able to join my hunting boondoggle in SoDak!  It was epic. Lots of birds (the wild variety, not pen raised and tied down like at Pheasant Haven!)  We saw literally 1500-2000 birds over three days of hunting, and limited out every day.  Got my first double--two shots, two birds, nothun' but net.  You gonna be at the mgt conf?  I'd love to get caught up with you and share some new tales of woe from the pipeline group.    PS, I met Angie Green yesterday--very sharp young lady.  She said to say hi to you and Nicole.  Adios.  DF 
 Sorry to hear that.  Please convey my disappointment and hopes that all is well with Mark and his clan.  DF 
 Susan, MKM's got some good questions about this.  I'm still nervous as a cat about the deals, so please give me a call Mon. AM and let me know what you know about the scheduling priority and how it has changed now that this is an LFT deal.  DF 
 pls delete Dorothy's name from the Form 3 and replace it with mine and put in the dates from 1-1-99--12-31-99.  Please print me about 15 of each blank form .  Thanks.   DF 
 Here is that email I told you about last night.  I'm sure Wall Street feels= =20 the same way about the pipeline group.  DF 
 I've talked to Lee Ferrell about this, and it sounds to me like there are serious business reasons (i.e., cost and functionality) not to use the ENA system.  THe "sharing of resources" issue worries me, but might be solvable if the right people are in Networks instead of ENA.  I'll call you tomorrow. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 As we discussed, based on this email and the other information you have given me, I have significant concerns about our ability to use the ENA products discussed below.  Having ENA IT people involved on an ongoing basis in maintaining the software and assisting us in using it would probably constitute a violation of the marketing affiliate rules or would at minimum create the appearance of marketing affiliate violations.  As I understand the risk books, etc., confidential information on our various capacity positions would be all over the place and difficult or impossible to firewall off from ENA people working on those books.  If there is some firewall strategy that the ENA folks have in mind, i.e., if those IT people are or will be employed by Networks or Corp., I am eager to listen, but from what I have learned so far, I am not comfortable with our use of the ENA system.  DF 
 As you requested, following are the facts for the media regarding the negotiated rate deals that TW has recently done at rates in excess of the tariff max rate.   Please note that the first two transactions are already public and the following information can be disclosed now.  The third deal has not been filed yet and will not be public until it is.  That filing will be made before Dec. 1, 2000.  General:  TW has done three deals in the last week at rates in excess of TW's maximum tariff rate.  Each of the deals was done pursuant to TW's negotiated rate authority, which FERC granted TW in 1997.  (Order issued April 11, 1997, Transwestern Pipeline Co., 79 FERC Par. 61,021).  Pursuant to that authority, TW has filed negotiated rate tariff sheets with the FERC, which are docketed at Docket No. RP97-288.  Details on the specific transactions are as follows:  Deal 1:  Counterparty:  PG&E Energy Trading Rate Schedule:  ITS-1 Volume:    30,000/day Rate:  $.90/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges Term: the one day period of November 15, 2000 Receipt points:  NNG Halley, West Texas Pool Delivery point:  SoCal Topock  Deal 2:  Same as Deal 1,  except term is one day period of November 16, 2000 and rate is $.75/MMBtu  Deal 3:  Counterparty:  Sempra Energy Trading Rate Schedule:  LFT Volume:  10,000/day Rate:  $1.00/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges Term:  Dec. 1-Dec. 31, 2000 Receipt point:  Bloomfield Delivery point:  PG&E Topock  All of the above information is contained in TW's FERC filings on these transactions.  No other information is available as TW does not comment on specific customer transactions. 
 Stuck on the phone so I thought I'd email you.  Stan has asked Mike Moran if TW has any potential exposure on the high value transport deals under "anti gouging" statutes or common law.  You know, the laws that say you can't charge $100 per sheet of plywood during a hurricane or $50 for a bucket of water during a drought.  I think we need to research two things: 1.  are there any such laws applicable to our business?  (Cal. state law would probably be the best place to start) 2.  could the political/regulatory fight in Cal about power and gas prices ever expand all the way to our transport pricing?  I.e., if the CPUC whacks the power sellers for taking unfair advantage of their monopoly power, its not a big leap for the CPUC or FERC or even U.S. congress to whack gas sellers for jacking prices up to $14/MMBtu, as happened on Friday.  If that happens, its just another small jump to whack us for charging $1 for transport, or so the logic goes.  I'd like to hear preliminary views by 8:30 Monday am so I can talk to Mike before Stan's staff meeting (no written memo necessary).  Based on that prelim. research, we can decide what else need s to be done.  Thanks df 
 Hey, got my facts together on our Houston gig--we'll be down Sat. Dec. 2 through mon the 4th.  Any chance we could swing by on Sunday and see  you guys?  DF 
 That is by far the best line of the day!!  Unconscionability may be the thing I'm remembering, but I think there is some more specific law related to market dislocations--i.e., the Hurricane example.  Its sort of a twist on market power law--i.e., if the fates hand you short term market power, you better not use it.  DF 
 pls give me your comments next week..  thanks  df 
 Looks good--I'm faxing some minor comments.  Give George my best!  DF 
 Excellent reading of the legal authority issues as well as the political winds.  I think your sense of the likelihood of trouble is accurate.  I also agree with your implicit premise that if FERC or anyone else wanted to make trouble regarding our negotiated rate deals, the easiest approach, and the most direct one, is to challenge the deals as unjust and unreasonable under NGA section 4/5.  To challenge the deals under some state law "gouging" theory would give rise to preemption defenses on our part, etc.  I'll talk to you and Kathy further tomorrow AM and then we can grab Mike to discuss. Thanks.  DF 
 Here is a good example of the problem to which your research project pertains.  This info. could be devastating in the next rate case ( or sooner) if disclosed.  How comfortable are we with our privilege arguments?  DF 
 Outstanding!!!  Still colder than shit up here--what are you guys even thinking on moving up here????  I'll call you to check out the details later this week.  Thanks. DF 
 Great job.  I'll grab you and Susan Mon. AM to discuss this and her thoughts.  DF 
 fyi.  df 
 This morning I raised a concern regarding TW's sale of excess fuel at downstream points.  Here's the problem:  the tariff requires shippers to tender fuel to us at their receipt points.  With rare exceptions, those receipt points are not at the Cal. border.  Order 636 mandates that pipelines unbundle transportation from storage.  It also requires that pipelines that make gas sales do so at the furthest upstream point on their pipeline.  That latter requirement means that if a pipe buys gas at point "x", it should resell the gas at point "x" and not haul the gas to point "y" and then sell it there as a delivered (i.e., bundled) product.  My concern this morning was that our receipt of fuel gas in the San Juan or Permian and shipment of that gas to the Cal. border for sale arguably violates the unbundling requirement (because the Cal. border sale is a bundled combination of the sale and the transportation of the gas to the downstream location) or the "furthest upstream point" requirement or both.  Susan and my recollection was that when ECS wanted to receive the Gallup fuel deliveries at  a point other than Permian pool, we made them sign a transport contract to move the gas to where they wanted it.  I haven't confirmed that recollection but I am recalling that we told Courtney that we couldn't just move our fuel gas around whereever we wanted it--we needed someone to pay us to transport it.  Irrespective of what we did with ECS, I think the following is the correct way to look at this situation:  We receive fuel at the shippers' receipt points.  Once we receive it, however, it is no longer "fuel."  It becomes line pack until it is burned.   Line pack moves around based on a lot of reasons, including shipper imbalances, etc.  It also, obviously, has to move to the compressors where it is burned as fuel.   It is our job to  manage line pack, and that means we buy line pack at locations where we are short, and sell it at locations where we are long.  If we end up long at the Cal. border from time to time, we should sell excess line pack to get line pack back to optimal levels.  I wouldn't want to get into a pattern where we are consistently buying line pack in the San Juan and Permian and selling line pack at the Cal. border, but  thats not what we are talking about here.  I can't think of anything in the tariff or otherwise that is inconsistent with this interpretation of our authority as operator of the pipeline.  MKM--OK with you?  DF 
 I'm not aware of any legal or regulatory prohibition on our performing such a service for Citizens.  We can't actually buy the assets without a FERC certificate, but that's not what you are suggesting.   I can think of one example on NN in which Northwestern Pub. Service owns a some branch lines and we operate them.  Whether we do it as a separate legal entity or as TW is a strategy call that will depend on whether we want to keep the revenue stream out of the regulated pipeline entity.  Since TW doesn't have a rate case until 2006, there is probably no reason to put the contract in a separate entitiy until we get down the road a ways. 
 Tino called this morning with a quick report.  They are still negotiating with DOE on a power plant deal, but it looks pretty shaky.  The size of the plant has grown to 380 MW, for reasons that are unclear to me.  Tino has been ordered to develop an exit strategy in case the power plant deal falls apart.  He says Dennis has about $3 mm in the project so far, most of it related to the pipeline right of way.  The have a binding 20 year agreement with the tribes for the ROW that calls for a $100,000 minimum monthly payment.  I'm not sure the entire route is perfected or not or whether the ROW agreement includes fiber optic rights etc.  The question is whether we are even interested enough to justify a closer look, since the rights Dennis has pulled together will probably be available for cents on the dollar.  I told Tino I'd give him a call next week to let him know.  At minimum, I'd suggest we have one of our ROW guys take a look at whatever they've got and advise us on what its worth.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 Tino implied that it was transferrable, but we'd need to look at the documents to be surre.  DF 
 Approved on behalf of Dari.  The attached document has the dates right--its Nov. 29, 2000 through Dec. 31, 2000.  DF 
 I'll look at it on the plane and talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 Do I need to do anything re: this?  Thanks. DF 
 First, congratulations to all five of you and the others on your staffs who were involved for working together to get the excess line pack deal done today.  As I understand it, TK was able to sell 10,000 MMBtu at the Cal Border for something like $15 thanks to your efforts.  This thing went from Dave and Kent's idea to you guys' execution in about two days, even with a (slight) delay due to my panic attack on whether we can make downstream sales.   Great job!   Second, I think TK, Kevin, Maria and Glen and I have come up with a workable set of guidelines on when similar deals can be done in the future.  The key, as I expressed in the attached email, is that the sales be driven by a legitimate operational basis.  If Gas Control verifies that we have excess line pack at a location and that making the sale helps get line pack to optimal levels, such sales are appropriate.  Gas Control should also verify that the operational basis for the sale can be documented if the need ever arises.  Today's deal is a great example of that as we actually communicated to outside parties that we anticipated some pressure management issues.  If there are ever any questions about when such deals are appropriate, or about how to document the operational basis, please give me, Susan, or Maria a call.  Again, great job!  DF 
 I'm expecting a nastygram from Harris ragging on me for dishing out credit for his idea, but haven't seen anything yet!  DF 
 Lets talk today, susan.  I need to satisfy myself that this is really one of those "shit happens" situations like everyone seems to believe, rather than a situation where we may have a cause of action and some $$$ owed to us by someone.  DF 
 I had a problem approving one from home a couple weeks ago, but I think it works OK now.  May have been a bad phone line.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great--we ought to be able to about close this effort out at this next meeting I hope.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 Looks OK to me, subject to approval from MKM's group.  Should we also solicit turnback in the East of Thoreau area in addition to soliciting it from Cal. border to Thoreau?  Is it our theory that since Thor.-Cal is the constrained segment, thats the only area we need to solicit turnback on?  DF 
 A $14 IT deal?  The $14 deal was a sale of operational gas, right?  DF 
 I'll be in South Dakota from the 28th of December through the 3d of January. While there, I can be reached via my voice mail, which I will check daily, or through my cell phone at 402-630-8461.  At all other times, I will be Omaha and reachable at my office number, cell phone or home number of 402-572-8595.  Thanks.  DF 
 Yes.  Sorry I forgot to cc you.  If it got lost in the process, have them send it again, or forward this email to payables as my approval.  thanks df 
 Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from retirement.  Do you own any?  DF 
 I'm booked from 10-11, 11:45-1:30 and 2-3.  I can stay after school if necessary.  DF 
 pls print for my mtg tomorrow.  thanks df 
 Should we respond to PNM's protest of the dollar valuation of imbalances prior to netting and trading?  Did we already respond to this issue when they filed their protest of the 637 filing?  DF 
 Congratulations on the move!  Its great to see a reorg that actually seems to make so much sense!  Thanks again to you and Terry for watching the three stooges on Saturday night.  It was great seeing you guys again and getting the kids a chance to play for a while.  We'd love to return the favor next time you come up to Omaha--the weather is getting real nice right about now!!  DF 
 A team of folks including Dari, Glen Hass, Don Vignaroli, etc have beaten these issues to death--we have a very detailed set of materials summarizing the findings of the group.  Bob Burleson should know that, as I think he was at the meeting when we went over this stuff.  Viggy, did we get the info from our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)  If not, we ought to send it to them and ask them to call for follow up.  DF 
 I'm inclined to agree that its not worth responding to.  They also argued that imbalances should not be dollar valued before netting and trading are available, but that strikes me as an industry wid e policy issue and not a TW specific issue.  Any other thoughts?  DF 
 Give me a call at your convenience and I'll give you a data dump.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  df 
 OK.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I had assumed that the cost of service underlying the 11-1-99 rates was the most recent data we have handy, but I guess 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 What a mess.  Keeping discovery at bay should, obviously, continue to be a very high priority for us.  Let me know if these strange events signal an increased likelihood that Gynberg will be able to pursue discovery.  Thanks. df   STACI HOLTZMAN 12/11/2000 09:06 AM 
 Thanks Bob.  I feel a lot better, particulary since the year end documents won't have to have all the detail.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I'll be out on the 2d.  I'll have Maria participate and pass anything on that is of particular concern.  Thanks df 
 Lindy, if all FERC wanted is  a list and contacts, this looks fine.  If they wanted exact MDQ and usage numbers for each customer, let me know.  DF 
 When you guys settle on a name for NewCo, please let me know and also call Lillian Bailey at Corp.  Her # is 33577.  Thanks. df 
 any word on the supreme court ruling?  I figure that ought to add $5 to the stock price instantly, if it comes out right.  df 
 pls get on my sch.  thanks df 
 Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri.  Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit him on the way home.  thanks df 
 I wish.  As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were two primary reasons:  (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison, and, more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF  (its better to be lucky than good!) 
 Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10!!!  You think Lay is taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin???  That's the rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny hotlanta. Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy lifestyle thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 Great--I'd be happy to testify if the consensus is that it would help.  Go ahead and draft something up and we can talk soon.  Thanks.  DF 
 Yes as to the question, and good idea on the reh. req.   I'm circulating a draft of the contract required for the compliance filing on the ECS issue this PM.  Thanks. DF 
 You correctly predicted my reaction.  I think we should let sleeping dogs lie.  Also, was it just an oversight that the FERC ignored the unsold capacity that TW controls in evaluating how much of the available capacity that Enron controls?  That conclusion is good for us, if it was intentional. DF 
 Please review this final draft at your earliest convenience and get back to Britt or me with your comments.  Thanks.  Martha, please print it out for me.  Thanks. DF 
 Pls review and give me your OK, then I'll respond to Christine.  Thanks. DF 
 Ann would like to be rotated off.  Thanks.  DF 
 See ENE today?  Glad I didn't quit my day job.  DF 
 pls priint for my 2:00 mtg.  thanks . DF 
 I agree with you that par. 4 doesn't give NMNG anything beyond what the tariff and general contract law gave them.  The "subject to agreement by Transwestern" language is redundant since the previous clause says " by mutual written agreement."  Additionally, its confusing and innacurate because the "provided, however, that" clause isn't even binding if we mutually agree to eliminate it.   I therefore think we ought to take par. 4 out, or at least remove the "provided however" clause.  I don't agree that we can only decrease their MDQ by using capacity release.  We can mutually agree to terminate their contract or reduce their MDQ without using cap. release. I suppose we would need to use cap. release if the termination or reduction of their MDQ was a sham designed to get the capacity from NMNG to another shipper, however.  I would propose one change to Par. 3 just to make the discount more clear. The par. talks about primary delivery points but is silent on primary receipts.  I'd add this, after the words "Appendix A" at the end of the current first sentence:  "and receipts at the primary points of receipt set forth on Appendix A.  The discounted rate shall also apply to receipts at alternate receipt points in Transwestern's East of Thoreau (EOT) area."  I'm a fan of being extremely clear when we limit availability of discounts, and think we should always fully explain what the discount applies to at both the receipt and delivery end of the deal.  Susan, please work with Christine to get these changes made.  I'd like to eliminate par. 4 entirely, but I can live with it if the business people want to leave it in, as long as we eliminate the "provided however" clause.   With these changes, I'm OK with the contract.  Thanks. 
 pls print w/memo.  thanks. DF 
 I'm heading to KC tomorrow for a meeting with Langley and Tino on some goofy project.  Funny thing is, now that he is sitting on $100 mm, I take everything he says pretty damn seriously!   If word gets out, expect another huge dive in ENE price.  DF 
 pls print asap.  thanks. dF 
 You guys probably don't remember this (I didn't until I checked the file) but there were a couple of exhibits to the Transwestern Gallup contracts that we left to be attached to the final contracts after execution.  My recollection is that we were in such a hurry to get the Compression Service Agreement signed and sent to FERC that we left a couple of these things to do later. Now that we have the FERC order, I want to get these contracts off my desk and off to Corporate Records or whereever original contracts go to die.   On my originals, I'm missing Exhibit B to the CSA (which is the CDEC Rate Schedule No. 21),  and Exhibits A and C to the O&M Agreement.  Susan, please coordinate with Gerald to get these exhibits in our respective files and we can send these contracts off to the central rathole and be done with it.  Thanks to you all.  DF 
 Thats weird, my computer just deleted the recipients from the email below. I'll try again--do you guys still work here?  DF 
 I think we can tell Rich yes, but please confirm that for me.  thanks.  DF 
 I'd love to see us keep the capacity release upside above the discounted rate on all these deals but if we can't get it, we can't get it.  Approved.  DF 
 Bummer.  Never hurts to ask.  I'll cycle on this and get back to you with= =20 follow up if any.  Thanks for your help on this.  DF=20 
 Re:  Dave Foti--this is what I was talking about.  He cranks out some pretty well thought out stuff.  DF 
 For those of you who didn't have the patience/patriotism to listen to your president for the whole hour and a half last night, let me share a highlight:  Clinton announced a new $1 billion program for economic development on the reservations.  Langley may be onto something.  If he/we can get the first deal done in New Mexico and assuming Gore wins, there may be opportunities to replicate the deal elsewhere.  I'm thinking of tribal lands in Minnesota, Wisconsin, S. Dakota, etc.  Perhaps Bill should call Chairman Ken and talk to him about changing sides.  Notice that I'm not volunteering to make that phone call. DF 
 No I'm not in bed.  Please print--I'll be in in an hour or so.  Thnaks.DF 
 FYI.  DF 
 I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU!  Flying on this flight stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus!!  DF 
 Great!  We've got a meeting set for 9 am on Wed on the regulatory structure of the pipeline.  Also, I talked to Kevin and Tim separately today on the market research issue.  I think Tim could probably identify the specific electric rate PNM charges DOE at Sandia and DOD at Kirtland as well as the general tariff rate for large industrial service.  If we are lucky, there might be some info in PNM's last rate case on the discounted electric rates it gives specific large industrials (if any).  Obviously, any info on gas or elec. loads and rates would be useful.  Kevin, I told Tim you'd give him a call to convey further thoughts, but this is probably enough to get Tim started.  I got a call this afternoon from Tino.  He asked our help on right of way issues with BNSF.  Could Steve, Kevin or Lorraine take point on trying to find out if we or anyone within Enron has a good contact at BNSF that we could use?  Lets keep all such external contacts very discreet to avoid tipping PNM that Enron is involved.  Just in general on the confidentiality issue, Tim reminded me of an important date we all need to keep in mind--the current leglislative session in Santa Fe ends Feb. 17.  We need to be absolutely sure that we don't tip PNM off that we are talking to Langley before then so we don't get them interested in the leglislative fix we are supporting on the Plains-Tri State merger.  Tim believes PNM could spike that leglislative fix in a heartbeat if they wanted to.  That issue is real immediate dollars, so lets not let a future deal screw up a present deal (even a lawyer like me can figure out the cost benefit on that situation).  Tino had a new fact to work into the economics:  DOE has 6000MMBtu/d of pure gas load at Sandia in addition to elec. load.  No number yet on Kirtland gas load.  Also, Tino has heard that a guy named Jeff Sturba will likely replace Montoya at PNM before the end of the year.  Has anyone else heard that?  Do we know him?  I told Tino that one of us would give him a call back by the end of the week just to report in on our analysis.  At minimum, we can probably pass on the name of a contact at Enron Wind for Tino to bother on the windmill thing. Turned out that the wind pilot project is on the Rosebud reservation in S.D. and has nothing to do with the Albuquerque project anyway.  Sorry about the random message but thats how my brain is working today.  DF 
 Attached is a draft of an "operational control agreement" designed to address the concerns stated in FERC's order approving the Gallup project.  We may or may not actually file it as part of the required compliance filing, but will describe it in detail in the "report" FERC ordered us to file.  The substantive terms track the language that is already in the O&M Agreement. Please give me or Susan a call with any questions or comments you may have. We expect to file this by I believe the 12th of Feb.  or so.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks.  DF 
 Mark, I understand we need to act very quickly once we have turned you loose to price the swap.  I think this is a Harris and Nelson call, so lets talk tomorrow.  I'll look at the contracts again to verify our risks in locking in before we are 100% sure we are going ahead with the project.  DF 
 If the cost savings are worth a little bit of hassle, we can do this.  We'll need to make a FERC filing by the end of the 1st Q 2000 to identify the "shared facilities."  Also, if you decide to go forward, don't do it until 1-1-2000 so we don't have to scramble to get the info in front of FERC this quarter.  Let me and Maria know what you decide to do and we'll arrange a briefing on the specific rules to be aware of and we'll make sure we understand the situation fully so we can properly disclose to FERC what is up.  Please call with any questions. Thanks.  DF 
 Its a railroad.  Now known as BNSFCN (Burlington Northern Santa Fe Canadian National).  DF 
 ??????  I thought our folks had a pretty clear understanding of their respective jurisdiction and expertise.  Apparently not.  Lets talk about the specifics of this incident when I get back to the office.  Actually, I'll see you tomorrow Lou and maybe we can dial Dot in.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm good on this.  DF 
 The problem is back.  For a while I couldn't send an email to the wrong Steve even if I tried, but now the computer's doing its own thing again.  I'll try to remember to use "steven" but my recollection is that that didn't always work either.  Thanks.  DF 
 How much time did you say you will have????  If you can get through  a tenth of that in 5 minutes, you are much quicker than I!  Also, in an amazing coincidence, your outline looks very similar to MKM's speech for the Canuck gas conference next week.  Good job on both!  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. DF 
 Well, there you have it.  We waited and we blew it.  What a bunch of dummies.  Next time someone calls and gives me a special deal thats only available for a limited time, I'll jump on it!   Kevin, please let me know what Steve, Bill, and Stan ultimately decide to do on this.  Thanks. DF 
 How bout 1?  Thanks. DF 
 pls give that copy of Gorak's sba filing to maria.  I think I left it with you and Mary.  df 
 Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.  Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system.  We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system.  We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost.  In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.  Do we have someone who is watching this out there? We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.  James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.  That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great--the front running ideas now are (1) an operational sale in the San Juan of the 20,000 we recieve there and an offsetting operational purchase (less basis differential) at some other location (i.e., the permian) thus freeing up 20,000/d of physical space on the lateral; or (2) an exchange agreement under which a party takes our 20,000 in the SJ and gives us back the same amount, less basis differential, in the permian.  The SJ 20,000 would still physically flow down the lateral, but it would have to move under someone's transport agreement--in other words it wouldn't be incremental to our 850,000/d of firm transport obligations.  I don't know if this will work yet, but it was a creative idea by Keith and Donna.  I'm eager to talk to Steve Harris and Susan about this because it sounds similar to a scenario that Susan researched  a while ago and that Lindy explained to me--maybe there are problems or solutions yet to be considered.  DF 
 I think that is exactly right.  I suspect that the marketing guys could work up a simple formula for determining our course of action depending on the size of the revenue opportunity vs. the power cost/penalty.  Thanks. df 
 I don't see anything controversial in Leslie's outline.  We've done  a lot of thinking about Dynegy's "funny money" argument and I volunteer Maria to work with you and Leslie on making sure ENA's comments are consistent with ours on this and all related issues.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 Sack, lets see you try this with United flight #1292 from Memphis to Peoria. Hope all goes well in the airline bidness and hope to see you soon.  It won't be on one of your flights, however, as I've instructed my travel staff to avoid United just in case I get you and you decide to try out your old top gun moves on a DC10 or whatever the hell you fly!  DF   - FLYBY.jpg 
 pls print thanks. dF  Also, pls send to ETS lawyers fyi.  Thanks. DF 
 Nice thought,  but Lay spiked the Treasury rumor right after I started it. Bummer, that bag boy job would have been a lot of fun.  And to think I started out as Dave Hooker's bag boy!!!  DF 
 here it is.  df 
 pls print all this stuff.  thanks df 
 On Thursday last week the Commission eliminated the old "Texas Eastern" rule that required pipelines to obtain prior FERC approval before contracting for transportation and storage capacity on upstream or downstream pipelines.  The new rule allows pipelines to acquire and use such capacity without going to FERC first.  The rule does reiterate that bundled sales of gas are still prohibited, and further provides that the acquiring pipeline will be financially at risk for the costs of the acquired capacity.  Interestingly, the acquiring pipeline apparently has the option of selling the acquired capacity under its own rate schedules or of releasing the capacity pursuant to its capacity release program.  The order is silent on whether the price cap applies to short term releases of acquired capacity.   While we are still reviewing the order and may provide additional guidance at  a later time, I'd emphasize for now that our normal contract approval procedures and authority thresholds should be deemed to apply to capacity contracts.   For example, the "Approval Authorization for Cash Expenditures" dated Feb. 3, 2000 provides Dave and Steve with authority up to $250,000 on operating expense obligations.  Please contact me if you have any questions on this matter.  DF 
 I agree with Danny's emai