 Hi Rhonda,  I know you are not the one who is working on this but I forgot who was....Can you tell me who and forward this email to that person.  I'm a little concerned about my State Income Tax deduction.  I have not yet seen any withdraws from my check and I know State of Oregon will charge you penalties if you exceed a certain amount per quarter.  Please look into this as soon as you can.  Thank You.  lisa 
 I think its on or about page 84.  lisa 
 Hi Sabrina, I'm working on the suject DMS.  I'm going to need detailed settlement data from the counterparty.  Thanks,  Lisa 
 I NEED YOU FOR A MOMENT..  LISA 
 HELLO??????  LISA 
 for you info  lisa 
 For your info.  lisa 
 Thanks.  Just to clarify, I am needing Enron's deal number.  lisa 
 Thanks!  lisa 
 Virgina, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe BPA has special rules when energy is curtailed.  Instead of us charging them with liquidated damages, BPA will not bill for the hours curtailed.  I track and record the cuts by modifying the deal in deal scheduling so that settlement is aware of the cuts.  lisa 
 Scheduling will resume as normal on Friday July 5th for SW and NW.  I will come in and schedule.  For California, we can schedule in advance on the 3rd for July 4th-8th.  I will be here to cover for California on Friday in case of problems.  Lisa 
 a little hung over....hey did you ask your sister?????????????????????????? 
 Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy. Thanks!  lisa 
 I'm working on settlement issues for NVP, DMS 12398.  Can you provide me with a deal#?  Lisa 
 I'm working on a settlement issue with subject counterparty for December.  The unique id is 12596.  Can you send me Hafslund's detailed data for Dec 1?  Lisa 
 NO FROM THAT PLACE WE WENT YESTERDAY,,,YOU CAN GET GREAT HARVEST AND I'LL GET THE ORAGE CHICKEN..  LISA 
 yeah, i sort of want that orange chicken again...what do you think 
 Jennifer,  I made comment on the spreadsheet.  I saved your sheet under p:scheduling:settlement:12593 - BPA  Thanks,  Lisa 
 I just faxed another copy.  I had total of 44 hours last week for your info.  Please let me know if you don't receive it.  Thanks.  Lisa 
 Everything looks great except for May 28th.  We had 2 hours of 25MW of txm.  It is supported under Tag #530 for your info.  Thanks  Lisa 
 According to the scheduling sheet, deal#380414 is 400mw total.  This is a 50 mw deal.  25mw was booked out and 25 mw was physical under pwx tag.    Deal#381345 should be 600mw.  Hope this helps...  lisa 
 Kath, I know I'm not an Enron employee but if no one at Enron wants a spot, wanted to let you know I would be most interested in a spot.  Thank You!  lisa 
 Deal Number 796168 - 50 MW - $22.00 Deal Number 531786 - 50 MW - $113.00  The above deals are the only deals scheduled during the month of December at Mead 230 as follows:  Dec 1 - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39123 and 39042 Dec 5 - scheduled 60 mw under Tag#39362, 39376  --  40mw was cut Dec 25 and 26th - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39746, 39747, 39741, 39745, 39767, 39768, 39758, 39759, 39769, 39770 Dec 27th and 29th - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39790, 39785, 39784, 39783 Dec 30th and 31st - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39851, 39852  January 1, there is a note in the scheduling sheet that MWD refused receiving power from us.  Hope this helps.  Lisa 
 Please add a new user for read only access as follows:  User Name:  Vol_Mgmt Password:  pdx2hou  Please contact me at (503) 464-5070. My e-mail address is lisa.gang@enron.com for questions.  In addition, please delete the following individuals name as they are no longer working at Enron:  Cara Semperger Mike Purcell Serena Bishop   Thank You. 
 dude, serious?  Portland...portland is sooooooooo lame....i can't help it if my parents decided to come off the boat here instead of some place in southern  CA...no i can't move back because i need family support...help me plan my next huge vacation...before law school....not too expensive but fun and relaxing...have any ideas?  lg 
 i'm going to las vegas in august for a couple of days with my sisters and mom...what do you think?....how about you?  when and where was your last trip for pleasure?  lisa 
 do you have the scoop him?  lisa 
 NUT AND HONEY....just being retarded again...sorry, didn't see your name on the last e-mail...so do you have any dirt to share with me?  What's up with the exec at EPME?  lisa 
 Please add Julie Sarnowski and Darren Cavanaugh to this list.  Their e-mail address is :  julie.sarnowski@enron.com darren.cavanaugh@enron.com  Thank You  lisa 
 yeah okay...ill be waiting  lisa 
 $2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.  Lisa 
  I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps.   Lisa 
 Hello Ed,  The contact person at Sempra is Tim Cannon and fax number is (203)355-6600.  For your info, their phone number is (203)355-5190.  Lisa 
 dude, there is hardly nothing to do anymore.  not sure why they want to hire susie, i guess just in case i drop dead they want to have a backup...but i told them Darrin can be my backup....anyway...who knows...whatever...i think going back to school is good for everyone...its hard i know its going to be so hard for me...i'm going to be so broke....oh well...its only for 3 years....have to study my ass off...don't even know where to start...its been 15 years since college for me...what is a girl to do...How's Jess...what the hell is he doing now? lets get together soon...you might have to teach me how to study....  lisa 
 I just refaxed it.  For your information, my total hours is 49. 
 just faxed it to you...please let me know if don't receive it.  lisa 
 I'm great except for you know who...god we fight every day...it is so funny...what's going on with you?  you don't want to come back here do you?  i wish you would have stayed...apparently, they hired another consultant, remember Susie..she is going to work part time...we are not busy here at all..we terminated NEVP and SPP so i'm usually done by 11:00...talk with Murray...hows everything else going?  i miss you...i'm thinking about going to law school...crazy, huh but i figure this is my only opportunity to go back to school..i hope all's well...hang in there...its tough times but things always happens for a reason...let me know whats up...  [Gang, Lisa] 
 ACTUALLY I THINK I CAN JUST USE THE CURRENT EXCEL SPREADSHEET BY UTILIZING THE FILTER.  THANKS FOR YOUR HELP.  LISA 
 thanks, you are the best. 
 hey sweet cheeks....how the hell are ya????how's BPA?  i bet you will do so well there...let me know when you become the next vp of power...hey i'm not going to make it your party...i completely flaked....  can we get together for lunch or dinner next week?  i would love to see ya...  lisa 
 Paul, so what company are you with now?  Hopefully not with the State...Hope alls well.  lisa 
 Julie S has it. 
   thank you,   lisa 
 Steve, let me know if this is going to work for you.  My original rate included some major documentation but I don't think you need it.  Thank you, Thank you very much....go home!  Lisa 
 Steve,  Let me know if this is going to work for you. My original rate included some major documentation but I don't think you will need it.  Thank You!  Don't work too hard.  Lisa 
 On April 21st and April 22nd, Pat Kelley from BPA prescheduling group called and informed me we were curtailed by a total of 12 mw for HE 7-22 for April 22nd at COB.  Accordingly, we purchased 12 mw from Avista to cover our position.  At 1:00 p.m, April 22, Rob called from BPA and informed me they made a mistake with the hours of the curtailment and that it was only supposed to be cut HE 7-20 and not HE 21-22.  Therefore, BPA will not charge 12 mw for 2 hours on April 22nd.  The deal numbers are as follows:  deal#153325(2mw),153327(2mw),305699(4mw) and 305700(4mw)  If you have any questions, please see me.  Lisa 
 HEY, HOWS MY FAVORITE?  ALREADY PUT HIM ON THE LIST.  I HOPE ALLS WELL WITH YOU...  LISA 
 Its done. Thanks!  Lisa 
 O:\Portland\WestDesk\Middlemarket\Administrative_Info\Coverage\Chris Foster\Fixed PRice Business\2001\Sep01 
 I live day by day now.  I have no idea...At the minimum through the end of May. I 'm trying to save as much as I can so that i can take another couple of month when this gig is over.  whatever....How are you?  They better be treating you good or else?  I miss working with you guys.  we need to be sure we keep in touch.  How's Steve?  I heard he was having problems with his back?  luv ya!!!  Lisa 
 I think Mo handled this.  lisa 
 I'll do it for a small fee :-) Hope all's well.  Lisa 
 Hello.  Please add Julie Sarnowski to this e-mail list.  Her e-mail address is julie.sarnowski@enron.com.  Thanks  lis 
 DUDE, I'LL MEET YOU AT YOUR HOUSE.  I WANT TO SEE WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE. 
 OKAY..HOW AOBUT TUESDAY 
 MSN..WASSS UP???WHEN ARE WE GOING TO HAVE THAT DRINK?? 
 We are still having some problems.  Julie Sarnowski will be autoscheduling everyday from now on.  Please call Julie if you have any problems.  Her phone number is (503) 464-8122 or you can e-mail her.  Thanks!  Lisa 
 Julie, this is about autoscheduling.  Can you make sure everything is autoscheduled.  Ask Paul if system is not working.  Lisa 
 HEY WASSSUPPP?  YEAH, CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?  THEY NEEDED ME BACK SO I TOLD THEM I WOULD COME BACK AS A CONSULTANT.  HOW ARE YA???HOPE ALLS WELL.  GOOD TO HEAR FROM YOU.  YEAH LIFE'S BEEN REALLY BIZARRRRR FOR ME...TAKING IT ONE DAY AT A TIME.  YA KNOW WHAT I MEAN...NOT SURE WHAT I WANT TO DO NEXT...I'LL PROBABLY HAVE THIS GIG FOR ANOTHER COUPLE OF MONTH.  HOWS THE OLD HAG, OH I MEAN THE WIFE???:-)  LISA 
 Thanks Rhonda.  Yes you are right, it is 55 hours.  Sorry.  Lisa 
 What is your email address.  Is there a space between Tom and Ward?  Lisa 
 Here is a recap of what happened for April 1st.  NCPA, scheduling coordinator for City of Oakland called 3/30 and 3/31 regarding the 5MW flat schedule we sold to them at NP15.  They informed me that the subject contract is terminated and therefore will not submit it through ISO.  I called Mo and Murray and they informed that the contract is still valid and therefore keep the schedule in.  ISO called 3/31 A.M and informed me NCPA and Enron will have to settle it.  Murray called NCPA and they agreed to put in the 5MW schedule for April 1.  For April 2nd and through the end of the month, we will not submit the 5MW until we hear different from legal.  Lisa 
 THANK YOU! LISA 
 will do.  Thanks.  lisa 
 I just re autoscheduled the 26th.  Let me know.  Thanks  lisa 
 Laurel, I just auto scheduled through the 29th.  We have had major system problems, We apologize for the delay.  Let me know if this worked.  I'm still not 100% confident regarding our system.  lisa 
 PRETTY POWERFUL...THANX...  LISA 
 Oh my god, i'm free tonight...lets go.....when do you get off?  Lisa 
 P:SCHEDULING:2002:MARCH:Scheduling California 
 Will do.  Hope alls well.  lisa 
 Thanks Casey, sorry to annoy Billy!  Lisa 
 Please let me know if you get this.  Lisa 
 ANOTHER CHANGE! 
 THANK YOU! 
 This is a test.  I want to make sure this is the correct address for you guys.  Please respon