 Susan Zilker Salons of Post Oak. 
 I was not aware that you were having  problems.  This is the first I have heard of them.  I do not know Cliff Jackson and I am unable to control his actions.  I am not even sure if he works for ETS.   In the future,  if you are having problems, please contact someone in my department, Judy Lin, Mary Botello or James Weitekamp.   Please provide me with a complete list of the things you need and we will be more than happy to work with you.  Tracy 
 Lets get together to discuss billing of interest to EOTT. 
 I am not sure what this is.  I thought we were billing the costs down to a legal entity.  This does not tie to the numbers Elise gave us. 
 I would think what you are charging should include benefits and payroll taxes as they are part of employee expenses.  I don't think there is a way in SAP to stop that from happening unless it is a manual entry. 
 You should probably come to this or someone from Steve's group. 
 Shouldn't Julia White attend this?  After all she is gas control and I think they should be represented.  Should I ask Steve Harris this question? 
 What do you think? 
 Please take me off your distribution list for monthly close contacts.   Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 are you on this distribution? 
 approved 
 I am not sure all of you need to go, but for sure Jeanette.  Please let John know. 
 approved 
 have you tried this?  my schedule feeds this? 
 I faxed this before lunch. 
 La Strada?  What about Sierra Grill on Montrose?  I don't much care for Michaelangelos.  Vincents or Ninos? 
 I assume you will answer this.  Thanks 
 I think its March 6.  I threw the letter away. 
 Are you going to the room parent meeting tomorrow morning? 
 Please provide list of names to John Keiser.  I will not be attending this session.  I will be in Omaha.  Thanks 
 Steve Harris has his group meeting some where and they have hired a bus to take them to and from the rodeo.  Just a suggestion. 
 Put me in for Diana Ross.  Do we get to invite our spouses? 
 In the future, please work with Jennifer Lev's group.  She handles the accounting for this entity for Enron.  Thanks     Sheila Howard 02/05/2001 12:45 PM 
 Karl Jackson is at EOTT.  They have access to SAP in order to retrieve data for Co 1195.  Can you let him know when he can extract data?  We need to see it they want us to continue to send them a bill for Co 1195 (bill for all CASH spent).  We also need to discuss you guys sending an invoice for interest.  Thanks 
 Can you help her out. 
 Find out where this meeting on Tuesday and please attend for me. 
 No problem. 
 I do not think I need to attend this.  Let me know if you feel otherwise.  Thanks 
 Please take care of this.  Pay within the next week.  Charge Co 366  CC 111723.  Thanks 
 I can speak on your behalf.  I have left your numbers flat to plan.  You might want to sit in just to see how he wants to handle this going forward and how all of this fits together.  I will be sending you the schedules within the next few minutes. 
 ??????? 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 We will be meeting on Wednesday, Feb. 7 from 9-11 in 47C2. 
 what did you think 
 This unfortunately is true.  We, ETS, have agreed to an amount which is flat to previous years.  The IT has new managment in, primarily Kerry Roper formerly Clean Fuels, to try to fix or actually create a billing system similar to what we had.  Rod and Steve Hotte have been involved in this.  At this point in time, there is not a better alternative.  Tracy 
 okey 
 I would like to include Rod Hayslett as well.  I will book 49C2 on 2/7 from 9-11 if everyone is available. 
 We have resolved this issue. 
 For your approval.  Laura said there was not really a deadline for this. 
 Check against functional income statement and Co 366 schedules 
 Feb. 10? 
 1999 = 9,182 Bbtu/d 2000 = 9,130 Bbtu/d  Decline due to Northern Natural Gas lower south end volumes and lower offshore volumes.  Lower volumes does not necessarily mean lower revenues.  NNG's revenues are over 85% fixed.  The south end volumes have a very low transport rate as well.  Please let me know if you need anything else. 
 see below 
 approved 
 approved 
 For your approval 
 Are you guys going to the West U Park Lover's Ball? 
 I am not speaking of capital, only O & M.  I really need a list of all items on the balance sheet for reserves, def. charges etc.  I need to know when they will turn, what they are for and if they are in your 2001 plan.  thanks 
 Please verify numbers.  Thanks Tracy 
 thanks 
 congratulations!!!! 
 I will let you know when I have the company set up in SAP (the accounting system).  You can still do business, I just can't record any transactions.  This should only take one week.  Tracy 
 I need the company listed below set up in SAP.  The parent is 1N9.  The name of the company is Mavrix Transportation Trading Corp.  It will need one profit center and one cost center at this time.  Please let me know when the set up is complete.  Thanks 
 no exceptions.  How is the calendar coming for my group.  I would like to review with you by the end of the week.  Thanks 
 I need a list of all 2000 dollars that we carried into 2001 by Wednesday.  You can round to the nearest $100,000.  Let me know if they are in the 2001 plan or not.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Its being rescheduled. 
 EOTT, MLP YTD estimate 12/31/00   $13.0 Enron's share                                                      .38 --------- Enron's share 2000 earnings                        4.9 December 1999 non-recurring                    (3.2) --------- Enron's booked earnings 2000                   $1.7 
 fyi 
 This is the new company the TW people set up.  They set it up as subsidiary of TW.  Moran is okey with that. 
 I don't think I will be able to make it.  I talked to Shelley on Friday and she is sending Kim Nelson in her place. 
 What do you think? 
 This should be charged to the ENA HPL not Co 584. 
 Sophie said she gave you coding a couple of weeks ago for me. 
 Lets meet and we will probably have some follow up.  Thanks 
 I don't know if we want to change accounting methodology.  Your call. 
 lets make sure we save these on the lan. 
 okey 
 The location is EB 3907. 
 Sharon,  Garret will go home with Brett Gutstein on Tuesday, Feb. 27.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 I think we really need to have this meeting.  We have some issues we need to discuss.  I have had a tough time getting these people together.  Do both of you need to attend the other meeting? 
 Please plan to attend a meeting to discuss TW maintenance scheduled for this year.  We would like to discuss when the maintenance will be, the duration, and what will be done.  Please be prepared to discuss any savings we will have from the plan for maintenance that will not have to be done because of our planned expansion (capital and expense.)  We will be meeting on Monday, February 26 at 3:00.  I will send out the location later today.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 can you complrtr for me 
 fyi add the VPs listed belowto our calendar distribution if we have any changes. 
 Steve Harris said that he has not agreed to this amount.  I thought Steve Hotte had buy in from everyone??? 
 fyi 
 I thought we were supposed to use XMS new system? 
 I understand.  I will call you for lunch later.  thanks 
 Call me and lets discuss 
 Diane,  I have all the parent volunteers for the zoo trip lined up.  Do you need anything else for the trip, i.e. juice boxes, etc.?  Let me know and we will have it for you.  Tracy Geaccone 
 thanks for the heads up!!! 
 Pat, you may be interested in this from a gross/net perspective. 
 Danny,  The attached below is where we will be for margins.  This is what we talked about last week.   The other expenses associated with commercial seem to be flat to plan.   I do not have anything else for you at this time.  I should have something by tomorrow and I will send to Julie.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Laura,  Judy should have been listed as CP17 in the PRC.  Her bonus shuld have been $5,600 which falls in the low range of the level for someone ranked a 3.  Please take care of this for me.   Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 I think we should show margins and expense and come down to net contribution.  I think it be important to maintain the margin stuff separately.  We also should show the assets sales and others separately. 
 These are different than what was in the file you sent out.  I just wanted to make sure they were what you intended them to be. 
 Please make sure you inform the BUCs the new date it is due in to you. 
 I think you should include net commercial contribution as that is what Danny is responsible for.  Can you add to this schedule. 
 Please take care of this 
 I thought this was resolved.  I will follow up. 
 We need to get the common stock booked.  Please see below.  Thanks 
 I will do the planning for this company.  I assume Jennifer Lev's group will do the accounting as it is an ETS company.  Please let me know if you decide anything different.  Thanks 
 Wednesday 1:00-2:30 
 Can I go?    Rod Hayslett 
 I am having to reschedule because of Steve Harris' meeting.  I will let you know when I have a room. 
 We really don't want too many people at the meeting.  I am afraid the room will be overflowing.  Could you send Caroline and either Tony or Amy?  Thanks 
 Sorry, I left you off the distribution. 
 This year we will be looking at the income statement on a functional basis rather than a legal entity basis.  As such, it is important the you and/or your functional unit coordinator (BUC) attend these meetings.  Your BUC should be meeting with you prior to these meetings to review your numbers.  We sent a planning calendar out last week which shows when these meetings are scheduled.  You do not need to attend the pre-meetings.  Our first meeting with Stan for the first quarter is on Friday, February 23 at 3:30 in 49C2.  Please let me know if you did not receive the calendar or could not find it on the intranet. 
 How are you feeling?  Jon said you had some fluid removed from your lungs. = Did that go okey?  Lastest scoop.. Mike Moran is retiring. 
 I need this paid right away!!  I sent an e-mail out to you last month on this.  The expense needs to go against the environmental reserve on 1N9.  Please let me know the status. 
 fyi 
 Could you explain support for TW OBA reporting. 
 enjoy!!! 
 Please attend if possible. 
 I will call and let Lucindas know.  I have left you a voicemail to call me and tell about the soccer deal.  My number is 713-853-7372. 
 It could, but we don't know what Stan wants to talk about until we get closer.  It usually runs 5 or so hrs.  I would schedule 8 for now. 
 The invitation Rocio sent did not mention where the meeting is to be held on 2/20 at 9:00?????? 
 whenever your ready 
 How many will we have on Sunday and what time should we go? 
 I called everyone today.  The trip is to the ZOO.  I will let you know if anyone can't make it.  I have spoken to some and left messages for other. 
 Is this something worth checking into? 
 Welcome back.  All the statistical data is on the Investor relations website.  I don't have an extra one.  They are in the kitchen on 49.   Investor relations drafts that supplement and has in the past worked with me to get any data they don't already have and to review the content. 
 Can you work with Lee on this one. 
 Stan has not directed me to do so.  He is the one who told me to send the $15,000. It is not really a % of anything.  Its your call.      Rod Hayslett 
 I will call everyone and remind them about Sat. at 9:00 and I will get shirt orders and money on Sat.  Let me know what size you will need.  Thanks 
 I was hoping to find out the team colors before odering practice shirts.  Do we know what they are? 
 James Weitekamp who works for me sent out my full year planning calendar last week via e-mail.  I have asked him to resend to you. 
 lets discuss 
 Does Danny want his VPs at the meeting with Stan on Feb. 23? 
 I am not sure why John does not have a copy. 
 You might want to bring about 5 copies.  Thanks 
 I think we need to meet on this, I am confused.     MARIA CISNEROS 02/13/2001 11:31 AM 
 ??????????????????????? 
 Not really, because assessments are run at the end of the month only.  We can bill 584 and then you guys can make an entry to move 1/2 to 012? 
 I will let you know as soon as we are clear on this.  Thanks 
 I like the reports.  I think we need a input section where it lists data by contract/shipper where we can manipulate and add  data for weekly/daily deals.  I also would like for there to be a section to extend to outer years.  We also need to the far right of the monthly a quarterly sum.  Some IT people will be joining us at 4:00 today.  Thanks  Tracy 
 I just want to make sure it works !!! 
 We will bill in February the full amount.  We will not bill any charges in March unless services are being provided. This should apply to the Corporate charges as well.  The corporate charges should not be reallocated amongst only ETS companies.  They should be spread across all Enron Business units.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Does that mean we will be taking the company plane??? 
 What exactly will we buy with ibuyit?  I am not sure what level and what dept I should choose from. 
 I will not be ready to discuss first quarter tomorrow, Tuesday, Feb 13.  Is this for the 20th? 
 none 
 We had a great time Saturday.  I hope you guys had a good weekend.  Would you like to go to Lucindas Friday or Sunday evening?  Maybe we can get the other couple thats going skiing to go with us???  Tracy 
 fyi 
 No staff meeting this week.  Please call me if you want to discuss anything.  FYI, next week I will only have from 10:00-10:30.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Lets go ahead and pay this.  It goes against the environmental reserve on 1N9. 
 Is it okey for us to start billing the $3MM to you over the next 11months?  Just tell us where.  Thanks  Tracy 
 My group is okey 
 No, according to the agreement this must be a separate billing. 
 Please send to Karl Jackson.  I guess they can send us payment and we can intercompany with Corp. 
 Hey,  I included you on this hoping you could help us get the management team at EES come up with some big bucks.  We are not looking for  the $1 donation from everyone in EES.  Thanks  Tracy 
 We already on to this one.  I am not sure if it will handle the level of margin detail we need.  Mark Frank is supposed to set up demo for us. 
 Has Lee agreed to help us run plan assessments on Feb. 20? 
 yes 
 Any thoughts before I begin? 
 Please forward CC upload and FAR upload template. 
 Gary does not need the walk through after all.  Thanks anyway.  We still need to get a drink one nite. Let me know what your schedule is.  Thanks Tracy 
 fyi 
 I will give it a try. 
 none 
 Are you going to take care of this? 
 After reviewing the budget yesterday, we noticed that goodwill was still being amortized in 2002.  We need to take that out of your numbers.  Jim and Kiri thought it was approximately $14 million.  Thus, PGG should have an IBIT of $270.  Please revise file and send back to me and copy Steve Schwarzbach thanks.  Tracy 
 fyi 
 WE have a reserve.  I will get back with you on the $. 
 We have $1.0 million reserve on the books. 
 Please invite Steve Schwarzbach 
 okey with me 
 ok 
 I would prefer the morning, but I am available in the afternoon.  ( I have a halloween party for the kids later) 
 Please make sure your numbers go through me or Stan before we give them to Corp. Corp's request for these things should be coming through me in the future.   Rod and I are meeting with Stan on Monday, October 22.  We would like to discuss your 4th Q numbers then if possible.  Let me know.  Thanks  Tracy 
 I will be out of town.  Thanks for the invite. 
 I have lunch with Danny that day.  Can we try 2:00. 
 let me know if we need to discuss.  Thanks 
 I will approve.  However, I feel there are too many operations people with access to move budget dollars around.  Please review list from Danette Campbell and let me know who I can delete.  Thanks 
 The 2002 Plan Review with Stan for Wessex will be from 8:30-11:00 in EB 5029 on Wednesday, October 3.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Congratulations.  Well deserved!!!! 
 Some of you had a meeting with Stan on your calendars for Monday, October 22 from 3-5 to go over the plan presentations.  This meeting has been canceled.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 Whenever its ready. 
 okey with me 
 fyi 
 I love you. 
 Where do we need to go for EREC?  It is better to fly commercial over and then take the Enron plane around when we get there?  Is this date ok with Adam? 
 Do you want me to coordinate this through you or Keith Harris/Colin? 
 I will check and get back with you. 
 Are there any cash issues surrounding this?  If so, who is going to handle? 
 Rod mentioned to me last week that we would only review Wessex on Wednesday.  Do we need to schedule something for the rest of Azurix?  Thanks  Tracy 
 Can we discuss?  Wha about next the first of next week? 
 It is actually $45 million.  I would need I revised 3rd CE and also reflect the change in the cash flow forecast.  I am sorry I did not get back to you sooner on this.  Tracy 
 Please include Michael Ratner for Rod's team as well.  Thanks 
 Actually, just the Corp planning requests.  Thanks. 
 What are the Goodwill and FAS 133 adj? 
 I don't see where we are in the loop below.  Who will ultimately approve cash on these things? 
 Stan would like to have a run through of the presentation for the Lay reviews on November 1.  Please see the agenda attached below for your respective group's time.  We will be meeting in EB 49C2.  If you need to call in, the number is below. If you can not attend, please send a representative.    CALL IN: PARTICIPANT CODE:  277217 *  Toll Free Dial In Number:  (800)403-2002  If you are calling in, please send your presentation to me ahead of time so I can make copies.  Please feel free to invite anyone else you want to attend.  If you have any questions, I can be reached at 713-853-7372.  Thanks  Tracy 
 FYI.  I should have copied you on the original e-mail. 
 Rod and I are meeting with Stan Monday afternoon, October 22, to talk about the 4th Quarter.  I have listed below the latest IBIT impact to Enron for the 4th Quarter that I have.  Please let me know if there are any changes and provide any variance explanations if necessary.  PGG  $28.0 EREC $53.2 Azurix  ($24.2) including Marlin Clean fuels ($21.1) EGAS  ($14.1) EEOS ($26.6)  Thanks  Tracy 
 I think so!!! Lets reschedule.  I have to leave early to take the kids to the doctor. 
 Thank you. You are so good to me.  I am feeling a little shakey this morning.  Its really nice knowing you are there for me.  I miss being with you.  I love you. 
 Stan needs to see before we turn into Corp. or Wholesale.  Lets wait before we turn into Corp.  What is the last number turned into Corp for the 4 Q?  We really need to run Corp planning requests through Rod and myself to make sure we have Stan's okey.  I would hate for him to be surprised.  Thanks. 
 I think you are right.  I will change the number.  Thanks 
 What is my user id and password 
 sure 
 Thank you 
 see, I did send this out 
 fyi 
 When is Stan available?  Probably will take no more than 2 hours. 
 Please make sure that the Corp Planning requests come through me, Rod, or Stan before they go to Corp.  We need to make sure that Stan approves the numbers and is not surprised in Executive committee meetings, etc..  Thanks  Tracy 
 Let me know once we have the final numbers and I will get with you on who is going to pay the bill.  Thanks 
 We are scheduled to have a follow up meeting on the 2002 Plan with Stan on Thursday, Oct. 25 at 3:00.  I am not sure if you will call in for that or if Tod is handling the meeting.  We can go over Lay review ideas again then.  The agenda for November 1 has you at 4:30 Houston time.  Will that work for you?  If not, are you comfortable with Tod doing it.  Just let me know what I can do to help.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Monday am or Tuesday am before all Employee meeting 
 9:00 Tuesday 
 I am not sure if this made it earlier or not 
 fyi 
 Good morning sweatheart. Its really hard for me to be away from you.  I think about you all the time.  I love to sleep next to you and wake up with you in the morning.  I really wanted to stay with you Saturday night.  Maybe I can work something out for this weekend.  Love you. 
 Any idea when or if we will receive the money? 
 Please plan to attend a run through with Danny of your 2002 Plan Presentations for the Lay Reviews on Thursday, October 25 from 9:00-11:00 in 42C2.  For Omaha room 696.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Should be expensed in the 4th Q 
 This meeting has been moved to Friday, October 26 from 9:00-11:00 in EB 42C2, Omaha Room 696.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Danny has asked that you attend this meeting with him.  The ETS presentation is from 2:30-3:30.  Thanks  Tracy 
 We will meet in  EB 49C2 on Friday. 
 Rod thought you might want to sit in on this meeting.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Yes, I will work on it. 
 I know, I have these too. 
 Please send cookie bouquet from Rod and I. 
 I will do a little work on this side and get back to you. 
 Can you help me with this? 
 I really love you.  I can't wait to be with you this weekend.  I bet you are glad you listened to me and did not buy any Enron stock at $21, considering it is at $18 today!!!  Love you,  Tracy 
 FYI Tuesday, October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron. 
 I am planning to take her to lunch in a couple of weeks.  You will all be invited.  Thanks 
 thanks 
 I like the dinner group idea.  What about lunch on Monday, Oct 29? 
 I believe so because she is working on individual execs compensation.  Thanks 
 $2MM for what???? 
 Have the Steve Kean numbers been included in his budget and allocated out for 2002?  Thanks  Tracy 
 How about Nov 5 or 6? 
 FYI 
 ok 
 opps, forgot the attachements 
 It was on already on my calendar.  Thanks 
 I am ok. 
 sure 
 I really miss you, too.  I hope you had a good lunch.  Mine was quite an experience.  I will tell you later.  Did you spill anything on your clothes today?  Love you,  Tracy 
 No problem on the reschedule. What about Thursday, Nov. 1?  Actually, Jackie is going to stay with her friend Claire.  But, Garret is very excited about staying with Jake.  Will that be ok? 
 Approved.  Please roll over November 1.  Please let me know if there is a problem. 
 see question #3 
 Do you want to coordinate with Lisa? 
   Company name should be replaced by your business unit name. EGS in the page # should be replaced by the abbreviated name of your business unit, i.e. EGAS, EEOS, ETS, etc.  This works 	better if you do this in the View, Master, Slide Master area. The O&M/G&A graph should include your direct business unit expenses, Corporate costs and other significant allocated costs. Please break out the Corporate and allocated costs for the ones that have increased significantly. Please use the Arial font. It may work better if you insert your slides into this template.  We are suggesting that for comparison purposes for financial data we only show 2001 Third CE and 2002 Plan.  If that does not tell the story you are trying to present, then do what you need to and we can discuss with Stan on Nov. 1.  I will not need anything in advance of the Nov. 1 meeting with Stan.  However, I will need all presentations for the Lay Reviews at 9:00 a.m. on Monday, November 5, or sooner, if possible.  I will need to make books and have them copied prior to the Lay Reviews on November 8.  On Nov. 1, please bring a copy for Stan, Rod, myself and a few extras.  If you need any help or have any questions, please give me a call at 713-853-7372. 
  ETS             102.0 PGG              54.7  Includes GW adjustment $5.2 EGAS           (29.8)  Includes tranfers in and out of other groups.  Do we need to go over this to make sure the other groups are adjusted appropriately? EEOS           (35.9) EREC            51.2 AZURIX         (19.0) Clean Fuels   (21.1) --------- 103.6 
 Stan only mentioned Rod and myself.  You might ask him before I ask anyone else.  Thanks 
 I have to leave the office now.  I will call you around 11:00 and we can meet somewhere. OK. 
 Can you verify please 
 I will have Mary check into this when she gets back on Thursday.  I believe it should be part of the allocation. 
 We don't report this info separate.  I am afraid it will lead to alot more questions.   I would prefer system average.  Thanks 
 We should use previous quarter forecast. 
 I can't wait to see you tonight.  If you have alot of things to do at home, I don't mind driving to your house after Jackie's conference.   I have an Azurix 2002 Plan review from 2:30-4:30, so I will not be at your staff meeting.  I should be around until then.  Love you,  Red 
 I have some errands I need to run at lunch.  I can pick my things up then.  About Las Vegas,  I never received a confirm on Danny Gains last week.  I am not sure what happened, however, I called the Mirage directly and he is sold out that weekend.  Anything else you would like to see?  What about for dinner, any place special you would like to go? 
 I have spoken with Adam directly on this as well. 
 Can people dial in  internationally with this number? 
 Qestion 3:  84% throughput utilization against contracted-for capacity for September YTD. 
 Yes, Adam Umanoff needs it I believe.  Why don't you contact his assistant Lorraine Telles. 
 Yes, we will go ahead with the meeting.  Actually, I will cancel for everyone else and Rod and I will meet with Stan for November and December.  Thanks Tracy 
 Are we still going to do depreciation by function for the 2002 Plan? 
 yes 
 Yes, I will be there. 
 I also need to talk to you about EGS targets for 2002 today.  Thanks 
 lets discuss 
 Friday 2:00? 
 fyi 
 I should be able to make it at 1:30. 
 I would plan on being at the meeting around 3:45 it shouldn' t take more than 15 or 20 minutes.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 The O & M/G & A graph needs to be done in two graphs.  One for direct costs and one for Corporate costs.  This way you can better see the increase in the Corp costs.  Thanks  Tracy 
 yes 
 I miss you too. Lunch was good.  The bread pudding was the best part.  I wish I could have been with you.  Love you 
 I am not sure if I will be able to be there the entire time.  I have an all afternoon meeting with Stan tomorrow that I will be preparing for. 
 This is for EREC not Azurix.  So, don't worry about it. 
 I have Steve's slides.  Eric do you have your slides revised including Transpecos?  I do not have that yet.  Thanks 
 Stan is available October 18 from 1:00-3:00 in his office.  Will this work? 
 Please use the following e=mails, james.weitekamp@enron.com and tracy.geaccone@enron.com I would like to discuss how you two are spending your time and where we are. 
 WE are doing October. 
 I need to reschedule this afternoons call.  What about Monday morning after 9:00? 
 thanks 
 This makes me very happy!!!! 
 My cell phone number 713-408-0929 still has not been set up to be paid directly by Enron.  Please take care of as soon as possible.  My e-id is 10003537.   Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 I don't know if we have the Trailblazer info in house.  Mike McGowan in Omaha would be the only one who might know.  If he does not have it, we wii have to call Trailblazer directly.  I don't know how to get in touch with Mike outside of the office.  Can you wait until MOnday?  If not, I can try information in Omaha. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I want the payment from the final bill to go to the Corp account as well.  I do not need the bill to go to my home address.  I would like it paid through I Buy It.  Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I need the August year to date actuals tied out ASAP.   I need to know what companies it includes as well.  Thanks  Tracy 
 No problem -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Are you sure? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Let me know if ICan do anything -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What level of detail do you need?  I have a high level in my office.  Jan has a lot of detail.  Do you need today?  I can call Jan at home so I can get access. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 IMight have something at the office.  I can be there within the hour. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This question is for NNG? Any idea.  I will check and see what I have. 
 I thought she was asking about EIS charges? 
 She actually left me a voice mail.  Maybe we are talking about two different things? 
 Its the SBA fees on the Base Gas deal that we did in 1999 and 2000. 
 thanks 
 I have vacation scheduled for Friday, November 9.  I will be back in the office on Monday, November 12.  I will have my cell phone (713-408-0929) and Blackberry with me if you need to reach me.  I will check voice mail a few times as well.  Thanks  Tracy 
 There is fair value but no goodwill. 
 ????? 
 Corp has been showing a previos IBIT of  a positive $15MM for EEOS.  I am not sure what you will see today.  The attached file explains from the $15MM to the previous forecast of ($35.9). 
 ???? 
 Peggy,  I have attached an invitation for Mother's Night Out for Mrs. Bryant's PreK class.  I would like to send them in this Thursday's Friday folder.  Please let me know if this is ok.      Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 FYI 
 Can you help with this one?   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What about this bvalgri in NYC?  There is not a phone #. 
 thanks Steve 
 Do you think you will need me to come back into the office tonight?  I don't want to let my nanney go home if you think you need me -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I thought this one was canceled. So I declined to get it off my calendar. 
 Did you set up my Corporate.  account for me?  My mobile number is 7134080929.  Please transfer the balance from my personal to my corporate.  Thanks   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 The 4th quarter forecast meetings with Stan scheduled for Tuesday, November 13 at 1:30 and Thursday, December 13 at 1:30 have been canceled.  Rod and I will meet with Stan separately.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Actually, you are a step ahead.  I am in the process of sending out an e-mail to cancel that for all parties and have rescheduled for you and I to meet with Stan at 8:30 on 10/18.  Will that work for you? 
 I still need to understand why we are at the 4.45% and what we can do in the future if anything to control it.   Can someone help me with this?  Thanks 
 Can you take care of this.  Thanks 
 Have we talked to Jan Johnson about this any more?  I need to know the scope and estimated expense before we move ahead.  I would still like to talk to Jan.  I will give her a call next week.  Thanks 
 On its way -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Working on it -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I like it.  I would like to make sure we know the definition per group. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Is it over? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Are you getting all the info you need?  'ames should be in and I can tell him or Steve where to get schedules.  I will leave my Blackberry on.  Good luck!    -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Michael works for John and we have reviewed the 3rd CE with both.  I can forward to you, I am curious as to what the report is that you are preparing?  Thanks  Tracy 
 One of my favorites!  Just tell me when and where. 
 FYI 
 We are still trying to work through this.  I should get back to you shortly. 
 Have a great work out.  I wish I could go with you.  Love you. 
 How is that ?  I don't have my work out clothes with me. 
 approved 
 Can you center map on slide for me.  Its slide 2.  I need this pretty quick.  Its for Danny McCarty for his presentation to Stan.    Thanks  Tracy 
 Did you have a good work out?  I enjoyed watching Soap Operas while the Vietnamese ladies worked on my hands and feet. I really miss you.  Love you,  Tracy 
 Actually, I don't need your map inserted because I can't have Northern Border in it.  Can you center the one I already have in the presentations? 
 Thanks!!!! 
 You are so good to me!  As long as we are together, it does not really matter where we stay.  I would prefer a king size bed as opposed to two double.  Although, if we mess up one, we can always use the other one.  The Lay Reviews are supposed to be over at 5:00, so any time after that.  I don't really have a preference on the return flight.  Love you 
 I hope I am not too late. 
 ETS             103.5 PGG              54.7  Includes GW adjustment $5.2 EGAS           (29.8) EEOS           (74.7) EREC            53.2 AZURIX         (19.0) Clean Fuels   (21.1) --------- 66.8 
 Are you going to join us for lunch? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Should I bring you something back?  Have you heard from Stan on the O and M? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I would use this along with the O & M schedules we sent you earlier.  If anyone wants more detail they need to go directly to Stan Horton or Brain Stanely.  Apparantly they have already worked up a plan.  Thanks 
 Jan Moore Erin Copeland Steve Kleb Mary Botello James Weitekamp  I know its all of my employees, however, they are all really good employees and have been considered as such throughout the PRC process.  They are key to getting the plan/forecast/estimates done within ETS.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Lets see what Jim's group comes up with and then we can fill in unless you have something handy to help out. 
 I love you very much. I can't wait for us to be together again. 
 EOTT 
 You might want to subscribe to this.  They have some really good deals sometimes. 
 I am on the phone.  I have not looked at anything.  We can address when we get back.  Have a good holiday.  Thanks 
 Please see the three tabs for EGS and complete for your business unit.  I will need this back to me by 2:00 today so I can consolidate and give to Corp by 3:00.  The numbers should be the ones consolidated to Enron only.  Jim and Bob, can you complete the EGS IS tab for me for ETS and EOTT.  Thanks  Tracy 
 can you help with the EGS Burn tab please.  I need back by around 2:00. 
 Please disregard for PGG. 
 Please call me as soon as you get this. Tod is out of the office. 
 My cell is 713-408-0929, my home is 713-664-0838.  I will also have my blackberry on. 
 What do you think? 
 I have revised it.  Steve, I hope you have time to look at all the other ones that were tuned in to make sure thy are right. 
 Thanks for all your help on the latest Corp firedrill.  Corp has notified me that they may call me over the weekend with questions.   Please e-mail with a number I can reach you at in case I need to contact you.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Has your 4th Q changed? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I heard that you asked for this in staff meeting this morning.  2002 Corporate aviation hours budgeted for:  Stan  120 hours $510,000 NNG    50 hours  $200,000 
 Well, the stock price is down $1 and some change because of the 3Q 10Q.  I went over the 4Q numbers with Stan.  He was ok with them.  I am either sitting in for him or accompanying him to the Whalley meeting today.  Enron announced they are going to have layoffs next week.  I am sure you have seen the e-mail.  The office is quiet.  How are things going up there?  Are you leaving this afternoon? 
 It has been great to spend time with you.  I am really going to miss you this week.  I need a kiss before I leave. Don't forget to order your ham.  Love you. 
 Can you have someone run a project report for me on Monday for work order #014107 on TW.  Thanks 
 fyi 
 No PGG? 
 FYI.  Highly confidential 
 I don't thing you need to until you get back. 
 Somber.  I don't think people were surprised about the layoffs.  I am planning to leave the office after the Whalley meeting unless you need anything? HOw are thing going up there? 
 Thanks. You have a nice holiday too. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Will you have to work? 
 Meeting with Whalley was interesting.  They are laying off 2000 people next week.  Shutting down EGM, EIM, possibly EEOS, alot of Networks, Broadband and Corporate.  I hope you are not working too much over the holidays.  Have a good one.  You can reach me by Blackberry or cell phone. 
 Iet me know if I can help. I will be back friday -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What is happening to the stock price?  I heard it was at 5?  Its not looking too good is it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Can you help me with this one? 
 Can you tell me how much has been approved on this work order? 
 Thanks 
 Does this reflect what was in the TW Commercial 2002 Capital Budget that we reviewed with Stan? 
 I am not sure if you  received the answer for this one, so here it is. 
 yes. do you need something? 
 It was a lady and we told her where you were.  I will call and check. 
 I have Rod's staff meeting, but I can miss it if that is the only time you have available. 
 thanks 
 9:00-10:00 okey? 
 Red Rock capital spend estimated $72 million for the 120,000/d 
 I need you to sign something right away.  Where are you? 
 We can probably do this.  However, if Steve Harris has not approved by then, I will not be able to send.  Why so early?  Why not first thing Friday? 
 I am not sure I understand what you need here? 
 2001 Estimate $36.5  2002 Plan $35.5 
 2001 Plan.  I don't really have a current estimate so to speak.  Will that work? 
 no 
 Are you ready to go? 
 Sure.  Just e-mail or call me when you are ready. 
 Can you guys help me with this one? 
 Is this cost center listed on our cirect corporate charge list for 2002 or 2001? 
 Any special requirements i.e. # of reviewers, peers, etc.? 
 Is this ok? 
 FYI we sent this to treasury at their request. 
 I was planning to attend. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What do you think?   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will join your call around 1:30 and I will leave around 1:50.  Let me know if I miss anything. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will be listening in fr a little while -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Steve Gilbert is working on this.  How soon do you need it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I need you to onsolidate into one schedule for TW.  Get with Mary for format. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I hope to have before the end of the day. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Is there a meeting with Kevin Howard today on this? I would like to attend if so.  Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have a meeting with Stan on Dec. 13.  I will see if I can schedule for the following week. 
 I am working on it. 
 2002 is actually 15 million.  WE will reformat and send to you shortly. 
 tab one is for 2001 tab two is 2002.  Let me know if there is something else. 
 Ok.  Did you tell Steve?  I Guess that's additive to my stretch? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am in a due diligence meeting until 6:00.  I can review afterwards and get back to you tonight.  Is that ok? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am okey with this.  Thanks  Tracy 
 9:30 ok? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can get them -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Azurix 2002 Plan Review Monday, October 29th from 2:30 to 5:00 in Stan's office. 
 Ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 steve kleb can help you. 
 yes.  have you heard the latest.  S&P downgraded us triggering 3.3 billion in debt due and they have halted trading at $1.1. 
 Usually Paul Garcia works with Susan Ralph 
 approved 
 ok.  everyone is panicing around here.  any thoughts? 
 fyi 
 I really, really, really miss you! 
 We are meeting briefly with Danny this afternoon in EB 1336.  Let Audrey know if you want to call in.  We can e-mail you something.  Thanks  Tracy 
 what time frame do you want for these projections? 
 Unfortunately, something has come up and Stan will not be able to meet Friday from 3:00-5:00.  He would like to me the morning of October 5 from 8:30-12:00 in EB 5029?  Please let me know as soon as possible if this will work.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 This is due on October 4.  Tod and Valerie lets discuss.  Please call me. 
 I passed out the Corp format last Friday at with some detail of O & M by legal entity.  I would like to have this by first thing by Monday.  Please let me know if you can't do this. 
 thanks 
 yes 
 fyi 
 I wish I could spend every day and every night with you.  You know I love you very much and I will try to be with you as much as I can.  I can't wait to see you.  Let me know what time I should meet you downstairs.  Love, Tracy 
 no problem 
 I will not attend.  Thanks 
 Is Brian available? 
 Actually, we are working with each group to see why their charges are up and we are trying to get them reduced.  We will discuss with Stan at our ETS review and do further follow up if necessary.  We actually met with Terry West and Dawn Derr last week to get their input and contacts. 
 James will send out a file with the cost elements listed shortly. 
 James will send something out shortly 
 Sure.  Let us know when they are and if any of the other EGS groups have questions maybe they can sit in? 
 Tricoast  Doug Kelting 713-461-5255 ext.16  I love you. 
 What do you think? 
 ok 
 Rod and I will be in Portland that day. 
 Is this my $10MM 
 Please take me off the list and add Jennifer Lev.  Thanks 
 We leave the Enron hanger to fly to Portland at 7:30 that morning. 
 I will not be able to make it. 
 fyi 
 I ordered the pastries.  I will bring them on Saturday.  Don't forget to make the ice cream.  I can't wait to be with you tomorrow. I love you. 
 Greg Lewis sent me the user count I will try to look at it the week of Oct 15.  They do have several Corp credits, not billing stock options and lower MMF. 
 Keith Dodson will be attending this meeting via telephone.  Please make sure he has any handouts ahead of time.  Thanks 
 Stan said last week that he would like to do a EGAS 2002 Capital Budget Review.  When do you think we can do this? 
 What do you think? 
 Cindy,  Please ask Stan if he is okey with the attached agenda for the Lay 2002 Plan Reviews. 
 okey.  I already responded that I could not meet on Friday.  Since we will be out of the office, I will need the extra time. 
 If they can split by business unit they must have by company.  The FERC nor the partnerships will accept these charges unless we have the data to send the costs to them.  I really need something like yesterday.  I thought we had this resolved a long time ago. 
 Thanks 
 I love to make you happy.  I have been having hot flashes all afternoon!  I would really like for you to spoil me forever.  I love you,  Tracy 
 I have attached examples from NNG presentation.  Lindy, you might want to use accountability slide format. 
 ETS  103 PGG  28 EREC 53.2 Azurix (not including Marlin) (5.2) Clean Fuels (21.1)  I need to double check this one this morning.  We talked about EGAS yesterday.  Its their 2nd CE plus ( in this case minus) the assets we have picked up.  We will review updated 4Q with Stan on Tuesday afternoon.  I will have to check with EEOS unless you already have.  Sorry for the delay, I had to talk to Rod. 
 I do not have a copy.  Steve Harris sent to Danny directly. 
 I would say expect to file to TW slide for Sun Devil.  I am checking on the connections to gas fired plants. 
 ask her to let us know the outcome of the conversation tomorrow asap.  thanks 
 The SAP costs were included in the ETS overhead in Adaytum.  We have taken that out and added to each pipes Corporate Direct.  The cost of $6.0 million will be divided equally amongst the four pipes.  Mary will change all but NBP.  Cheryl please make change for NBP.  This is per Rod's instructions.  When we get the user list we will revise.   Thanks  Tracy 
 I believe in 2001 it was $5.5.  Clean Fuels and HPL received some in 2001 and not any in 2002. 
 fyi 
 let me know if you have any comments as soon as possible.  thanks 
 What are these charges for? 
 approved for view only 
 Thursday morning works for me.  I would also like to include Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho.  Thanks 
 This should go against the environmental reserve on 1N9.  Can you help her out? 
 I have attached the current estimate.  I am not sure it is right because I was confused on how they have been booking it.  I feel comfortable that the total year is rig