 Great.  Just what we needed. 
 This is to advise you that we will NOT have ETS Monday morning staff meetings on December 18 or December 25.  Please make note that the next ETS Staff Meeting will be held on Tuesday, January 2, 2001 at 9:30AM in 49C2.   And then on January 8, we'll resume our regular schedule of having our staff meetings on Monday mornings at 9:15AM.  Regards and Happy Holidays, Cindy X36197 
 I look forward to hearing about the new romance stuff!!  Hope to see you soon. 
 I am very happy for you.  It sounds as if everything in your life is going in the right direction.  I think you will enjoy working in the DC ofice and for Joe.  I am sure you will learn alt.  Also, thank you for remembering Jason and Jessica's 1 year birthday.  The designer T-shirts were great and they look really cute in them.  That was very thoughful of you to remember.  Good luck! 
 Thank you. 
 Peggy:  Considering where we are in the divestiture process, I don't think it is the right time to have PGE contract for and administer the Health and Welfare Benefits noted in your memo dated 04/20/01.  In addition, it is likely that a potential buyer would want PGE to come under its own Health and Welfare Benefits.  Switching now could entail having PGE employees being under three Plans in a relatively short period of time.  Stan 
 Please see below information for Stan Horton.     Enron Technology 
 Tomorrow is best for me.  I will make reservations as Massas across the street.  Does that work for you.  Around 11:45? 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Astros tickets (4 tickets per game) for the month of June, for business (first preference) or personal use, as follows:  Friday, June 1, vs. LA @ 7:05PM Saturday, June 2, vs. LA @ 3:05PM Sunday, June 3, vs. LA @ 1:35PM Friday, June 15, vs. TEX @ 7:05PM Saturday, June 16, vs. TEX @ 3:05PM Sunday, June 17, vs. TEX @ 1:35PM Monday, June 18, vs. COL @ 7:05PM Tuesday, June 19, vs. COL @ 7:05PM Wednesday, June 20, vs. COL @ 7:05PM Thursday, June 21, vs. CIN @ 7:05PM Saturday, June 23, vs. CIN @ 7:05PM  Please note that game times are subject to change; please check local listings to verify.  Cindy 
 I am open for luch Wednesday and Thursday.  Let me know which fits your calendar the best.  DK did tell me about the Mark Marin tournament.  If your Mom saved the paper let me have it for reference.  Did you see the Sunday paper RE: the 100 highest paid executives in Houston?  Dad 
 I would appriciate if you would send to me each week the PGE Position Report.  Also, at your convenience I would like to spend some time via telephone to run through the report to make sure I understand just what is being reported.  I'll have my assistant call to set-up the phone call early next week.  Also, to whom in Risk Management do you send the position report?  Thanks. 
 There is sure alot of scheduled activity where there is no revised completion date or a note that it is completed.  Can we get an update? 
 Cindy double checked.  We are ok for 8:15 on Sunday 
 I just wanted to make sure you guys know everything I do.  Actually this is somewhat bullish considering past legislative attempts. 
 Will do....have a great game! 
 Hello, Steve!   Thanks for the alert!    I did just call the Pro Shop one more time and spoke with a young lady by the name of Ashley, and she confirms that you guys are slated to tee off on Sunday at 8:15AM on the Old Course off #1.  Hit  'em straight!  Cindy 
 Hello!    Stan asked that I advise you of Sunday's (May 27) golf details at Raveneaux Country Club, as follows:  Stan Horton Chris Gann Steve Westlund Julie Westlund  Tee time is 8:15AM on the Old Course off #1.  Don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks, Cindy (Stan's assistant) 713/853-6197 
 I will look into this myself. 
 This is to advise you that we will have next Tuesday's ETS staff meeting from 10:00 to 11:00AM in 49C2.    Since we will have only one hour, please be prepared to rapidly high-light only your key items for the week.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Thanks, Earlene, for coordinating this. 
 Hello, Lisa!   I hope you are doing well!      Stan was wondering if you have invited any of Tammy's male co-workers....or is this shower just for us women?  Are any guys going to be there tomorrow? 
 Hello, Suzanne!   Stan Horton will attend in person.  Thanks, Cindy 
 NADER!  NADER!  NADER! 
 I have no such studies. 
 I just now got a  reply that the email address Steve gave me does not work. I keep getting the mail returned.  I am usingDFSWTL@swbell.net.  Could you double check this with Steve for me?  Thanks. 
 I cannot play on Thursday but thanks for letting me know.  Could you check with Steve and his wife for their availability on Sunday.  I emailed him but wanted to make sure he got it.  Thanks. 
 I will make the tee times and let you know.  Steve, I will include you and your wife for Sunday but please confirm if you can make it or not. 
 This is more information than I think we need to supply.  Can we meet to discuss? 
 I would be happy to meet with you.  Just call Cindy to set up a time. 
 Things are not always as they seem based on further due diligence. 
 Thanks.  Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss' group have seen the financials before releasing to UBS. 
 Hello, Terry!    Are we still "holding" Wednesday, June 27, for the ETS Associate and Analyst Mid-Year 2001 PRC?  Stan Horton doesn't need to attend this EBS PRC, does he?  Thanks, Cindy 
 Please follow-up with Jeff as soon as possible.  Let me know when someone has contacted Jeff.  Thanks 
 Glad you finally made it!  Good luck on your Legal exam today.  Get some rest and start studying for Wednesday and Thursday exams.  The finish is close at hand.  Enjoyed taking you last night.  I like the time alone with you.  Saturday, I have a haircut at 2:30 so we can start shopping at 3 or go early and be done by noon.  Let me know and send me your Mother's list!  Dad 
 I bought 5,000 units of Northern Border Partners at $39.56 with part of the proceeds.  The roughly $975K is correct.  Thanks.  Any ideas on the cash?  I was thinking about $800k in munis and $800k in S&P 500 index fund.  Your thoughts. 
 I will be there/  Thanks. 
 Peggy Fowler should have someone from PGE calling you.  If they don't please let me know. 
 Corporate comp is relooking at your contract based on our converstion..ieyou would be entitled to severance payment eqyual to 2 year salary and bonus should you decide to leave the company provided that all or substantially all of the Azurix assts other than ?Wessex and Azurix Bu7enos Aires are sold.  I will meet with Jim Derrick today to discuss John Ale.  With regard to Beckett and Glasford; their agreements provide for retention bonuses provided they stay until September 16th.  If they voluntarily leave before that they get nothing.  There is no employment agreements in place that link anything to comparable positions titles or anything else.  Should we move them over to Enron in Director positions and they are subsequently offerred positions elsewhere in Enron ( once we dispose of non-Wessex and ABA assets) at Director positions, then they have a choice of  accepting those positions or voluntarily terminating.  Since there is no contractual agreements with these two I do not want to offer any kind of enhanced severance payments to them.  I have contacted Ben Glisan regarding Glasford and he is polling his people about their view on an appropiate placement for him.  I will talk with you when you return.  Thanks. 
 Congratulations on getting the ROW extension with the Navajo Nation executed.  It was a long arduous process, but a job well done.  Thank you!  Stan 
 Please handle. 
 Approve. 
 I just went through a restructuring of my portfolio with Morgan Stanley.  I think I am fine for now.  Thank you. 
 Please refer to the memo from Billy Lemons, Steve Kean and me dated May 11 regarding 2001 Western Hemisphere Associate & Analyst PRC Program. 
 Please just call Cindy Stark to get on my calendar.  I would warn you that I cannot see expending money for such a book since I do not see any value that would be added.  It would be nice to have but I was turning down painting projects on our pipeline that were in the $10k range during oour budget cycle!  Stan 
 The Madera project in California should not be going forward.  We had a meeting whereby we all agreed to cancel this project.  Please get with John to see what is up. 
 Thanks, John, I will add Sarita to my "cc" list.    And, yes, we'll get both you and Phil on Stan's calendar to go over the "Operations Alliances" topic...I will await their call to schedule.  Cindy 
 Looks ok to me. 
 Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th.  Could you meet with her about 4:15pm at my office.  I will schedule a conference room for your meeting with Debbie.  Perhaps yopu could come around 3:45pm and I could go over any and all changes that I have on tem prior to your meeting with Debbie. 
 This is to advise you that we have canceled next Monday's (May 21) 9:15AM ETS Staff Meeting and will resume the following week on Tuesday (May 29) from 9:30 to 11:00AM in 49C2.  NOTE:  Next week, in the absence of our staff meeting, Stan would like you to send him (via electronic mail) brief, updated bullet points.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks, Cindy X36197 
 This is to confirm a meeting tomorrow, May 15, from 2:00 to 3:00PM in Stan Horton's office, EB5020, to go over the Clean Fuels numbers.  Cindy 
 Rick Causey came to see me asking us to firm up our Q2 numbers.  Can we let Rick know that your Q2 numbers are likely to be up?  If so by how much? 
 Anything I can do to help? 
 It was so nice to hear from you.  I am glad all is well.  I am glad the new home is being enjoyed and that you have a job that you like.  I am anxious to get the news of the birth of your new grandchild.  Please let us know as soon as possible after the Geraldine delivers.  Also let us know what hospital she is in where we can send an appropiate gift to mother and child.  My best to you and your family. 
 Just a reminder about tomorrow's meeting at the Houston Four Seasons Downtown Hotel from 1:00 to 3:00PM with John Somerhalder and others.   The meeting room has been changed to The Travis Room.  The dress attire for this meeting will be business casual.  Thanks, Cindy X36197 
 Thanks 
 Thanks for the note.  O agree these items Colin and you are looking could be good for both entities. 
 Peggy, that all sounds very goo.  I will attempt to get educated first and then we will set up a meeting.  Thanks for being so cooperative. 
 Good morning, Doris!   Stan is in DC today but will be back in the office tomorrow morning.   Would you allow us to get you comments by 9:00AM tomorrow?  Thanks, Cindy 
 You and I need to sit down and discuss in some detail John Ale's contract and yours.  Let me know when a good time would be.  thanks 
 After returning home and reviewing the material handed out at the PGE business review, there are two areas that I think I need to understand better.  The first is PGE's energy positions going forward and the financial exposures to changing prices.  The second is the rate case.  I would be happy to return to Portland to get a more in depth review with a much smaller cast of players.  I am open to suggestions from you.  Given the status of the divestiture process, Jeff wants to make sure he (and subsequently I) have a good handle on these two important issues.  Thanks! 
 For your information.  I still think we can do better than this. 
 Thanks for the report.  Anything you need help with?  Did all the compensation issues get resolved with Gary and you? 
 Q2 earnings report looks very good!  Congratulations.  I will keep it quiet until you are sure of the numbers. We should let Causey and Hayslett know for planning purposes ASAP.  Given the recent events related to the proposed sale do you think it is even worth discussing the Benefits issue with Corporate?  Also, have we finalized all of the divestiture/retention deals?  Have a good week.  Thanks. 
 This is to advise you that we have canceled next Wednesday's ETS Half Day Staff Meeting.    Our next meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, August 15, from 8:30AM to 1:00PM in 49C2.    We are taking a summer break to accommodate vacation schedules.  Don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or concerns with this notice.  Thanks, Cindy 
 I am on for golf on Saturday if anyone is interested.  Tom, can you make the T time?  Saturday morning early is better for me.  830 to 9.:00 am start 
 The Board of Directors of GISB decided yesterday at their quarterly Board of Directors meeting to continue discussions with EEI and other interested groups regarding the formation of an Energy Standards Board.  Stan Horton, GISB's Chairman, stated "while there are many differences between the approaches advanced by GISB and EEI, there are also alot of similarities."   GISB is hoping to respond to the stawman advanced by EEI by the end of January. GISB is also seeking input from other interested industry segments on the two proposals which have been advanced thus far. 
 Unfortunately I am not going to be able to accept your generous offer to attend the Indy 500.  My wife and I have 1 year-old twins and I was hoping to get our Nanny to pull some week-end duty to help my wife with them as I went to the races.  Unfortunately I was not successful in doing that.  Leaving her to look after two infants while I attend the races didn't seem right.  Thanks for the invitation! 
 It would be better if Scot contacted EBS directly about a meeting.  Kevin Hannon would be the right person.  Kevin is the President and COO.  I have no idea about whether they are in need of Spectrum's services or not.  Let me know when you plan to be in Dallas.  My daughter has a horse show (we own three Arabian Horses that she shows) in Fort Worth in mid June and I will try to get up there for at least some of it. 
 Go ahead and post the response to Gas Control issue, 
 Thanks but I will pass for now.  I wouldn't mind looking at some muni's with shorter maturity dates though.  I am concerned about long-term yields increasing which would mean bond prices decreasing.  Doesn't it make since to go with shorter maturity dates ri8ght now? 
 Golf is scheduled for 2pm Saturday.  Lousy start time but evidently they have a tournament of some sort on Saturday morning.  Let me know if you can play or not.  It is only you and I.  Phone numbers are:  work 713.853.6177.  Home 281.320.1240.  Also please email your phone numbers for future reference.  No one has them. 
 Sounds like you are having a tough week with all the Exchange/Outlook outages.  Hang in there.  The problems will be resolved.  Also, we still like you! 
 Jim, thanks for the invitation.  I should know by Monday if I can make it.  I hiope that is ok. 
 It looks fine to me. 
 Nicely done! 
 Just a note to say Good Morning.  See you this afternoon at EOTT. Stan 
 I know of no changes we need to make to the Board or to the Committee assignments. I will check with Mr. Lay's office to make sure he wants to remain on the Board.  I will do that today and have an answer by tomorrow in all probability. 
 Thank you for the invitation.  Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments. 
 Hello, Bill!   Stan will attend in person.  Cindy 
 Mailing them to the house iis fine.  It will give us some weekend reading! Thanks. 
 This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets.   These seats are in Section 104, Row D, Seats 1-4.  Their schedule is listed below.   Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games.   They will be distributed on a business basis first, then personal use.  Preseason Game A: Saturday, May 12 @ 7:30PM vs. Miami SOL Preseason Game B: Thursday, May 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Detroit SHOCK Game 1:  Monday, May 28 @ 2:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 3:  Monday, June 11 @ 7:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 4:  Thursday, June 14 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game 5:  Sunday, June 17 @ 1:00PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 6:  Tuesday, June 19 @ 7:30PM vs. Washington MYSTICS Game 7:  Saturday, June 23 @ 3:00PM vs. Sacramento MONARCHS Game 8:  Monday, July 2 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game 9:  Friday, July 6 @ 7:30PM  vs. Indiana FEVER Game 10:  Sunday, July 8 @ 1:00PM vs. Cleveland ROCKERS Game 11:  Tuesday, July 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 12:  Saturday, July 28 @ 12:30PM vs. New York LIBERTY Game 13:  Monday, July 30 @ 7:30PM vs. Seattle STORM Game 14:  Friday, August 3 @ 7:30PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE Game 15:  Monday, August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY Game 16:  Monday, August 13 @ 7:30PM vs. Minnesota LYNX  Please note that date and time are subject to change; please check local listings.  Thanks, Cindy 713/853-6197 
 This is ok by me.  Rick looks like a good candidate. 
 I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job. 
 I figured this posting belonged to one of you.  Please see the message from Danny Jones. 
 Ok.  Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment. 
 Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.  It's ok with me. 
 I heard you are scheduled for another interview.  Good luck. 
 Thanks for forwarding Peter's resume.  By copy of this memo I am forwarding Peter's resume to Danny McCarty and Phil Lowry.  Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter.  He seems to be a very qualified candidate. 
 I'm glad you had a good weekend.  I am taking DK out to dinner tonght so I won't be home.  Dad 
 What is the subject matter you wish to visit about? 
 The normal process is to have him interviewed by three members of the Executive Committee who then confirm that he meets our requirements for being an Enron VP.  I assume you are asking us to agree to deviate from this process.  I am uncomfortable with that due to the fact that if the process is not going to be adhered to anyone can nominate a person for VP based on the strength of an individuals resume.  If everyone else agrees to the exception I won't be the one to hold this up but I don't necessarily agree with the exception being granted. 
 Thanks for the report.  Just what I need. 
 Thanks for the report.  Just what I needed. 
 Thanks for the report.  The level of detail was on target.  Let me know when you want to discuss comp issues. 
 We cannot afford a communications or performance breakdown.  I am looking to you to insure that one does not happen. 
 30 days is acceptable.  This is extremely important to us. 
 This looks good!  Thank you. 
 The list looks complete. 
 Contact Lou Pai.  He is heading up our new Xelerator program that is looking at new business opportunities that are outside of our mainstram businesses. 
 I can play.  That actually works well for me. 
 I will discuss your recommendation to seperate PGE from Enron's Health and Welfare Benefits with Cynthia Barrow and Mark Metts in the near future and will get back to you once that meeting is over. 
 I will be in attendance. 
 After giving it some thought I think just naming Debbie as executor and agent is the best course of action.  Debbie is fine with this approach.  Thank you. 
 No.  The GP contribution is enough.  I don't want to go to Jeff for another $2 million. 
 I agree.  I suggest the following.  Joe, we need you to go give a pitch to Massey's assistats about what is going on.  Next Jerry Halvorsen has scheduled a lunch with Massey in two weeks.  He has invited me to attend. What do you think? 
 Right now, we are concentrating on disposing of all Azuriz assets other than Wessex and Buenos Aires.  John Garrison and Michael Anderson are handling getting CA's executed and books out to the respective parties.  Just contact Michael directly about getting this kicked-off.  Thanks. 
 Great. 
 The press release looks fine 
 Good luck to you.  Hopefully I can get out there this afternnon and see you ride.  I love you.  Daddy 
 Thanks.  I am glad everything is going well with the newlyweds.  Debbie and I share some Astros tickets with some other people.  Don't know if you are an Astros fan but we would love to have you and Ann join us at one of the games.  We miss you on Saturdays.  I am getting better.  94 last week with three triple bogeys.  I can feel an 89 in the not too distant future.  Stay in touch. 
 I will continue to host them as long as I am on the Board unless someone else is dying to do it. 
 Please go ahead and execute.  Thanks for checking with me. 
 Please send a list of corporate types who could act a executor.  I will get back ASAP.  Thank you. 
 Thanks rae.  Debra Peppers is persistant so Flashfind may very well join our organization.  $5,000 is good! 
 Workout, study, study and then go shopping for something new. 
 I'm glad you could join us...sorry we weren't able to talk at the table. 
 Yes.  Let me know about follow=up plans. 
 Sounds good about the car and the horse show.  WHERE is David staying this weekend when he comews up.  I am not sure I approve of this.  What is the deal? Email me at home. 
 Short and to the point.  No changes 
 Thank you for sending these reports to me.  They are informative and timely. By the way, did you get Randy Horton's power of attorney form?  She has asked me to invest some of her excess cash and I executed the form and thought she had mailed it in.  Please let me know.  Thanks to you and David for the outstanding service.  Stan 
 The game was awesome.  Our tickets were directly behind homeplate.  Debbie said she could see me on every pitch and knew that I left the bootom half of the 8th inning.  She said I never picked my nose once on camera.  Pretty good, huh.  Have a good day.  Talk with you later.  By the way, your car is done.  They had no problem removing the oil filter at all.  They only had to wriggle it a little bit.  Love, Daddy 
 Glad you could make the trip. 
 I am not aware of any other conflict with schedules.  I suggest we go ahead with the meeting. 
 Friday is fine with me. 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Astros tickets (4 tickets per game) for the month of May, for business (first preference) or personal use, as follows:  Monday, May 7, vs. PHI @ 7:05PM Wednesday, May 9, vs. PHI @ 7:05PM Friday, May 18, vs. CIN @ 7:05PM Saturday, May 19, vs. CIN @ 1:35PM Monday, May 21, vs. SD @ 7:05PM Tuesday, May 22, vs. SD @ 7:05PM Wednesday, May 23, vs. SD @ 3:05PM  Please note that game times are subject to change; please check local listings to verify.  Cindy 
 Stanley C. and Debbie K. Horton 9302 Cypresswood Drive Spring, TX  77379 Phone:  281/320-1240  Caron M. Horton 6914 Apple Valley Lane Houston, TX  77069 Phone:  281/444-3636  Kenneth G. Horton 5855 DeClair Court NW Atlanta, Georgia  30328 Phone:  404/843-1413  Linda Wehring 1831 Crystal Court Houston, TX  77008 Phone:  713/864-2815  2nd Successor Agent for Debbie (Medical PoA):  Linda Wehring  Successor Agent to MSDW (Durable PoA):  LEAVE BLANK  2nd Successor Agent for Debbie (Durable PoA):  Linda Wehring  Jason Stanley Horton; born May 2, 2000  Jessica Anne Horton; born May 2, 2000  Caron Marie Horton; born January 5, 1981  Guardianship: 1.  Cathy Marie Shuck 2.  Carol Anne Birch 3.  Caron Marie Horton *  *  Caron will be 21 on January 5, 2002. 
 If you are bored go work out!  That is time consuming and good for you.  That is fine with the credit card.  If you work out it is ok to go shop and put it on the credit card.  Just not too much.  By the way DK's birthday is April 30 and the JJ's are May 2.  No one expects presents but it would be nice if you got DK a card.  She is taking your car in today to be fixed.  Daddy 
 Ms. Conners:  Thank you for your recent letter regarding my personal financial situation.    I do appreciate your concern and interest; however, I have a very qualified financial advisor who handles ALL of my personal financial needs.  Please remove my name from your written correspondence/phone call contact list.  Sincerely, Stan Horton Enron 
 Great idea! 
 I would appreciate if each of you could provide a brief (one-page or less) bullet point summary of the week's activity by close of business each Friday.  You can send either via e-mail or fax.  Jeff has his staff meetings on Monday mornings and it would help me keep him abreast of key activities in your respective areas.  I don't need anything elaborate.  Thanks, Stan 
 I will see you at 9 am on Sunday.  I am looking forward to playing again and to seeing you after almost a month. 
 Glad you could join us. 
 This is the entire conversation that I did not send previously. 
 I will call you tonight to catch up on the prom etc.  Orlando was ok. Nothing great.  By the way, DK, the twins and I will be in Florida June 30 - July 10.  When are you coming?  We will need to get plane reservations ASAP. 
 The information should have been sent to you by now.  I was out of town last week.  Sory about the delay.  Email is a great way to comminicate on this. Thank you. 
 Looks good to me. 
 I assume you have taken care of this and Jim is available immediately 
 I waited to get you one until they worked out all the kinks.  See how thoughtful I am. 
 That is not the issue.  By putting us in the middle between GTB and Solar we would be the ones that would have to resolve any differances between the wo if the unit does not function properly.  The whole deal gets complicated since there is a design engineer. oerator and equipment manufacturer and we get in the middle between the equipment manufacturer and owner.  If the unit does operate properly, everyone will point fingers at everyone else,  I have seen this happen coutless times on EE&CC projects.  Why do I want to take this risk on an international project that according to Jerry's own numbers gets me about $800,ooo in current perios earnings and another $400'ooo deferred over many years.  It just is not worth the time and risk for that kind of money.  I think Phil Lowry agrees with this assessment also. 
 Are you sure Lohitt is the right person to do this job.  What about EOTT?  No one at EOTT even knew that Steve was leaving before I told them last week. Communication skills are crucial in this job and I never thought that was one of Lohitt's strong skills, 
 Please see below responses highlighted in blue. 
 A report would be fine.  You two are the experts. 
 Hello, Sherri!    I just wanted to let you know that Stan is out of the office today on a field trip, but I will discuss this with him on Monday.  Cindy 
 OK.. 
 I w3ill take them over to your Mom's or leave them with Debbie.  If they are not at your Mom's, they are at my house. 
 Contact Joe and suggest that he meet with you while you are there or I could do it for you.  Let me know. 
 The letter looks good.  It is factual and correct. 
 Congratulations.  It totally made may day also!!  I was coming back downtown from EOTT and went down Westheimer.  When I passed the old apartments I lived in for awhile all the bad days came thundering back and I just about lost it!  So you made my day!  Thank you!  Love, Daddy 
 I have the tickets.  Invite some friends if you want because I have four tickets and no babysitter.  Perhaps your Mother would like to go.  Have a good day.  Sorry I have been so busy this week.  Daddy 
 I will do whatever I can.  Joe is a real good person.  Besides I think you could become a very good regulatory analyst for us and Joe would be a wonderful teacher.  I hope everything works out for you  personally and professionally. 
 I agree.  There have been way too many surprises from this group lately. 
 Since we are in the process of trying to exit this business the answer from Enron Wind would be no.  You might want to contact Condy Plson to see if the idea has any value to Enron. 
 Who is playing on Sunday besides me! 
 This is a friendly reminder of this weekend's Theatre Under The Stars Event, of which you and your spouse will be sitting with Stan and Debbie Horton.  This 2001 Gala will be honoring The Humphreys Foundation and takes place on Saturday, April 21, at the Wortham Theater Center  with cocktails beginning at 7:00PM in the Grand Foyer, seated dinner at 8:00PM in the Grand Foyer, and a special dancing performance by the Humphreys School of Musical Theatre at 9:30PM in the Cullen Theater.  This is a black tie event; valet parking will be available.  Have a great evening!  Cindy 
 Stan Horton will attend in person. 
 Hello, Joanne!    Congrats on your new responsibilities.   I don't know Bob Phillips and, therefore, probably won't be talking with you like I did when you were with Mr. Somerhalder.  I have enjoyed our chats on the phone and you were always very courteous and helpful.   Good luck, and maybe we'll talk again one day soon.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Thanks for the update.  Going to one of the power desks was a good move. Experience on the desk will prove very valuable in the years ahead.  I hope you made your Dad pay a premium for those peakers!  Stay in touch. 
 Thanks for the update.  I agree that getting the past amount will take some time. 
 The engagement letter was mailed last week.  If you do not get it by tomorrow please let me know.  Thank you. 
 The Red Rock expansion needs to get  approval at the May 1st Board meeting. The procedure is to submit it to the Finance Committee of the Board for approval . Assuming the Finance Committee approves the project they would recommend it to the Board for approval.  By this memo, I am requesting that Rod coordinate with Rick Buy to get it on the Finance Committee agenda.  I will be in town for both the Board meeting and the Finance Committee meetings.  If formal presentations are required at the Finance Committee we can decide who should do them.  It is my understanding that no presentation needs to be done at the Board meeting.  I will check with Jeff to see if he wants a formal presentation to the Finance Committee or if he will do it himself. 
 If you need my signature you should get it by noon on Monday or it will have to wait until Thursday. 
 Good luck and thank you for a job well done. 
 I go to Washington DC tomorrow morning returning on Wednesday evening.  I will not be in the office either day.  Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night?  If so let me know.  They play St. Louis with Mark McGuire.  I know you will do great this week.  You are always prepared.  Good Luck. Daddy 
 I agree with most of this but have found from experience that if you give originators the freedom to pursue deals with little restrictions the deal flow improves dramatically.  For EOTT, we want to pursue acquisitions of energy assets period..  We do not need to limit ourselves to the crude oil business.  In fact a portfolio of assets would likely reduce the companies overall risk to crude prices. Second, we want to avoid any additional exposure to commodity prices. Therefore, fee based business structures are the best fit.  That would include pipeline acquisitions (crude, liquid, natural gas, CO2, etc) as well as fee based processing.  Non-qualified income based aquisitions are also ok as long as they are fee based-type deals 9IE..electric generation). Terminals are also an excellent acquistion for MLP,s.  Does this get to your issues?  Thanks 
 Thanks for your reply, Dee! 
 Jerry:  Stan is in California at the KEYEX meeting today and tomorrow.    What do y= ou=20 suggest?  Cindy 
 FYI>  Responce requested.  Thanks 
 Please advise 
 Who is going to put our presentation together?  I will give it if you and Bob feel that is the right thing to do but I just do not have time to put the presentation together.  Stan 
 Would you please look into this and advise me as to whether we can do this. Also, Rod Hayslett is checking with Michael Anderson on whether Wessex would like to perform certain billing and payable functions for Enron Europe. 
 I am here.  I will leave the office about 2pm.  I'll see you this weekend. Good luck on your test on Thursday!  Dad 
 I checked with Rick Buy's group on where they were on The RAROC analysis of your proposed broadband project.  They aren't doing anything according to Rod who checked for me.  It seems to me that we need to do several things to either kick this into gear or to put it on hold pending completion of a sale.  1.  We need to find out from Mark Metts if this deal adds any value to the transactions being proposed.  I will talk with Mitch and Mark about this issue. 2.  We need to determine EBS interest in this business..ie are they a buyer or seller of Portland metro dark fiber.  If they want to be in this business wouldn't it make to develop this project as EBS and not to include it in a sale? 3.  A project of this size will take Jeff's approval.  The projected Phase I capital is above my threshold.  I will talk with Kevin Hannon and Mitch and then get back with you.  Sound like a plan? 
 Probably replacing Ken Harrison with myself is the right movr.  Please go ahead and handle making the necessary changes.  Thanks. 
 I would love to come and participate.  I think the best I can do is come in the night before and perhaps(?) attend the night game and then do the golf tournament the next day and leave after the dinner.  Talk with Dave about who I should be paired up with.  I would like to play with either him or Mike McGowan also.  Tell Dave he stood me up last year but it was worth it. 
 I agree with Jim; it doesn't cost anything to listen. 
 Good morning. I'm at EOTT .  Talk with you later.  Stan 
 If the sales representative from the Jaguar dealership calls please get in touch with me.  Have a good morning!  The Boss 
 I am glad it made you happy.  That is very important to both Caron and me. It is nice to see you excited.  It made our day too.  Stan 
 Forgot about Easter.  I am not that religious either but no sence in taking chances.  Saturday is good. 
 UNFORTUNATELY!! work totalled interfered with my plans to go to the Masters last weekend.  I was so mad I didn't even want to play golf.  I am over that now and would like to play this coming weekend.  I can play Saturday morning (need to finish by 2pm). or Sunday morning.   I will be out of town Wednesday thru Friday so just let Cindy know if anyone can play.  Have a good week. 
 I am glad that your Mom is happy!  It means alot to me.  Sorry you are not feeling well.  I'm not either.  I have not felt well since I gave blood on Friday.  Talk with you later.  Dad 
 This should be the first major step to getting this done.  Let me know if I can be of help! 
 Tuesday works for me. 
 Just a brief note to thank you for the Enron/Astros Opening Day Caps!   They are very nice, and I do appreciate the gesture.  Thanks again, Stan Horton 
 No, there are still some left for later on in the month.   I'll get with Janice.  Have a great weekend, Cindy 
 This looks ok to me. 
 I think the best way to handle this is for you to get with Mary Joyce and her team and work out the details.  I think the last item may be of some concern.  If there are issues that can't be resolved between Mary and you I will gladly get involved.  Does this sound like a good plan? 
 THANK YOU!  Sorry about the admin gaffe. 
 I will do whatever you would like to do.  Saturday is fine.  Let me what time and I will be there.  I have no specific plans.  Dad 
 This is to advise you that we are still working on your individual issues regarding the lack of representation in your specific areas on the Associate PRC Committee.   I will keep you posted on the outcome.  Thanks, Stan Horton Chairman & CEO Enron Transportation Services Company 
 Yes 
 I wish I could be there to see her face too.  Take pictures!!  Sorry I will be unable to see you this weekend.  Talk with you tonight.  Daddy 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Astros tickets (4 tickets per game) for the month of April, for business or personal use, as follows:  Thursday, April 5, vs. MIL @ 7:05PM  (short notice!) Friday, April 6, vs. PIT @ 7:05PM Saturday, April 7, vs. PIT @ 1:35PM Sunday, April 8, vs. PIT @ 1:35PM Sunday, April 22, vs. STL @ 7:05PM Monday, April 23, vs. ATL @ 7:05PM Tuesday, April 24, vs. ATL @ 7:05PM Wednesday, April 25, vs. ATL @ 7:05PM Friday, April 27, vs. FLA @ 7:05PM Saturday, April 28, vs. FLA @ 1:35PM Sunday, April 29, vs. FLA @ 1:35PM  First come, first served.  Thanks, Cindy X36197 
 Doug:  Thank you for your e-mail updating us on the Ripley Campus Grand Opening events.    I have purchased a table at the Wednesday, April 11, HEART OF GOLD CELEBRATION  luncheon at the Wortham Center, and my wife and I will be attending.  However, I am unable to attend any of the other events due to my busy work schedule.  Tell Angela I look forward to seeing her at the HEART OF GOLD CELEBRATION luncheon on the 11th.  Thanks, Stan Horton 
 I wasn't sure if you got my response to your email. 
 Thanks.  I thought it was a good time also. 
 looks good 
 That is fine with me.  I would like to get this approved as soon as possible. 
 I have forwarded your memo to Mark Metts who is handling the sale of Enron Wind.  Mark will make the necessary contacts. 
 Please handle 
 Rod Hayslett has it I believe.  They just do not give up! 
 Love you too.  I wrapped Mom's present.  It is ready for you ton pick up. Gave Mom your allowance this morning.  Sorry I forgot o9ver the weekend. Dad 
 Hello, Bil!   Stan will attend in person.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Thank you for agreeing to be a speaker at INGAA's Annual Security Analysts Conference, scheduled for July 12-14 at the Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, Colorado.  INGAA hosts this conference every year as a forum for the 25-30 top natural gas analysts to meet with CEO's and other industry leaders.  You will be participating on a panel on natural gas supply, scheduled for 8:15 to 10:00 a.m. Friday, July 13.  As a panelist, we would like to hear your views on the natural gas demand and deregulation, and you are more than welcome to join us for the entire meeting if your schedule allows.  You will be receiving a complete packet of material details from INGAA.  Don't hesitate to call me if you have any additional questions.  Stan 713/853-6177 
 In reviewing the key items of your business review with Jeff Skilling, he had some issues with your new Broadband business.  Please provide me with some more detail as follows:  It was mentioned that we had spent around $13 million thus far on dark fiber.  How much of the resultant capacity has been sold?  Are we laying the dark fiber at risk?  In other words are we taking a long position in dark fiber.  What is our capacity situation today?  Do you have a business plan for this new venture..ie what is the anticipated capital expenditures annually for this venture.  Who are the customers?  What is the expected return?  What is the payback on our investment, etc.  Who approved the formation of this new venture and the capital commitment?  Anything else that will help me get a clear understanding of what we have and where we are going with it. 
 John and I agreed that we would not send the letter at this time. 
 Thank you very much! 
 Looks ok 
 Thanks.  Glad you had a good time 
 I am glad that everything worked out.  Good luck in your new job! 
 By the way I have the sweater you wore last Sunday that you left on the golf cart. 
 I can play on Sunday morning this week.  My eldest daughter has a Horse Show that I need to be at on Saturday.  Next week I could play either Saturday or Sunday.  Please let me know. 
 Carol:  Thank you for the prompt.  The only times Stan has available for this conference call would be at 8:00AM tomorrow morning or 8:00AM Friday morning (central time).  Let us know what works.  Cindy 
 I have asked Wilson Barbee t9o see if he can provide any assistance to you. I do hope you find something that meets your qualifications.  Thanks for keeping me updated.  Stan 
 FYI....we have added Dan Dienstbier to the Northern Border Partners' Audit Committee.  SEC rules dictated that we add another member, and Dan Whitty and Gerald Smith wanted someone with an operations background.  Dan also serves on Dynegy's Board, but neither Bill Cordes (President of Northern Border) nor I saw a conflict.  Stan 
 Will do.  Thanks! 
 Thanks for the note.  My policy is that I do not interfere in the hiring practices of my direct reports other to ensure that ETS is complying with all Enron policies and procedures.  I suggest that you contact Jerry Martin, Phil Lowry and Gary Smith.  Good luck on your search!  Stan 
 A's always please me.  You seem to have applied yourself this semester and I am pleased.  Congratulations. 
 Thanks.  Seems like everyone had a good time.  Happy Holidays!! 
 Steve indicated to me that Koch has a 50% interest in the company. 
 You are beginning to realize that time goes by awfully fast and we had better enjoy what we are doing while we are doing it.  You never get another chance at today!!  End of my phiposophical analysis of life for tday!  You are welcome to the car.  I will try to bring it tonight or better still can your Mom bring you over to get it tomorrow.  Either way is ok.  Daddy 
 Sunday morning works best for me.  It is supposed to rain on Saturday.  Stan 
 My condolences on the loss of your grandfather.  Please let us know if there is anything we can do.  Stan 
 Thank you for a very successful holiday party.  Debbie and I thoroughly enjoyed the evening.  Your hard work definitely paid-off for our entire organization.  I would like to host a lunch for the committee, after the holidays, as a way of thanking you.   I will have Cindy coordinate your schedules.  Thanks again, Stan 
 Ditto.  Busy morning 
 Hello, Rosie!   Stan has this on his calendar and will attend.  Have a great weekend, Cindy 
 Please see attached.   Don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or concerns.  Stan 
 Based upon your representations I see no conflict and wish you well in your new job. 
 I think we should try to keep alot of this out of oour emailfiles! 
 Thanks for remembering their birthdays.  Drive carefully!!  See you sometime this weekend 
 Amanda:  Stan Horton is an Enron employee.   He is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Transportation Services Company and also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of EOTT Energy Partners, L.P.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  Thanks, Cindy Stark Exec. Assistant to Stan Horton 713/853-6197 
 I am aiming for next wekend.  I need one more weekend to get the soreness out of my  knee which I messed up by playing too soon two weeks ago!  Thanks for asking. 
 9302 Cyresswood Drive Spring Tx 77379 
 Hello, Dana!   The 1/24 tickets have already been spoken for, but you may certainly have the 12/21 tickets.   I'll mail them out to you soon.  Cindy 
 It should be the Chairman's choice but I would favor a Houston location. Also, please strongly consider having the Board meeting on Tuesday afternoon in lieu of the golf outing.  You might just get some Board members to attend at least one day of the annual meeting.  Stan 
 Hello, Sharon!   Stan Horton is currently planning to attend this event.  Cindy 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Rockets' tickets (4 tickets per game) for preferably business first, then personal use:  Saturday, December 16, @ 7:30PM VS Denver Nuggets Thursday, December 21, @ 7:30PM VS Los Angeles Lakers Wednesday, December 27, @ 7:30PM VS Seattle Supersonics Saturday, January 6, @ 7:30PM VS Utah Jazz Tuesday, January 16, @ 7:00PM VS Toronto Raptors Wednesday, January 24, @ 7:30PM VS Philadelphia 76ers Friday, January 26, @ 7:30PM VS Vancouver Grizzlies  These tickets will be distributed on a first come, first served basis.  Cindy 
 Ken:  It is my understanding that we must get approval from the Office of the Chairman to utilize the company aircraft for personal use.  My family is holding a Holiday Reunion in Atlanta December 18-23.  Debbie and I would like to fly to Atlanta and back on Friday, December 22, with our children.  The twins, Jason and Jessica, are a little bit too young yet to try the commercial airlines, which is why I am requesting to use a company aircraft.  Of course, we would only secure a plane if it is NOT needed for business purposes that particular day and would be subject to company policy on all charges.  No problem if this doesn't work!  Stan 
 Stan Horton appreciates the invitation; however, he is unable to attend.  Cindy Stark Exec. Asst. to Stan Horton 
 Good morning, Melody!   Following is Stan Horton's information:  1.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2.  Enron Transportation Services Company (formerly known as Enron Gas Pipeline Group) 3.  1400 Smith Street Suite EB5020 Houston, Texas  77002 4.  713/853-6177 5.  713/345-7047  Cindy Stark Exec. Asst. to Stan Horton 
 Thanks for the strawman.  I would like to discuss it at our GISB Board meeting on December 7th.  Any problems with doing that?  We have distributed to the Board Committee only.  My initial reaction is there is alot we agree on but there is much we do not agree on.  Let me know about the Board meeting.  Also, this Board meeting will be my last as Chairman.  I do not know what role, if any, Bill Boswell  (the incoming Chairman) would like me to play in the future in this effort.  Stan 
 Good morning.  Thanks for the yahoo greeting.  It made my day.  Have a great day.  Remember that Cathy and Carol's birthday is Nov. 30th.  I sent them a card and a $100 check to go out to dinner on us.  I signed it from all of us.  Hope you don't mind.  They would enjoy an email from you.  Love' Dad 
 I recieved the same document.  If you would distribute it to the committee that would be appreciated.  I would think we might want to discuss it at the Board meeting prior to setting up another meeting with EEI.  What do you think?  I can see pros and cons of meeting with EEI prior to the next Board meeting.  Depending on the strawman I feel we are beginning to lose key support from the Board to work this matter.  Bill we need to get the Board to continue to follow him if we are to make progress. 
 Caron mentioned it to me but we did not have time to talk about it.  I will talk with her this weekend and see what she has to say.Hope everything is going well. 
 Good morning.  I am at EOTT today and then I will go into to town for a little while.  Jessica is no9t doing very well and neither I am I.  Fell like I am coming down with something.  Talk with you later tonight.  Sorry I didn,t get to talk with you last night.  Both babies were real fussy and we had to work hard to get them down.  I did a pretty good job with Jason!  I look forward to you getting home for Turkey Day!  Dad 
 I do not think I will be able to do the conference call tomorrow.  Could you call me on Monday with further information on our panel? 
 Six lousy weeks away from me and you go do something like this.  Now it will no more golf because you will have too many "honey do's" to do.  Just kidding.  That is great news.  Congratulations.  I can't wait to meet her.  When is the wedding date? 
 I am glad things are working out for you. 
 Looks ok to me. 
 Shelley, we need to make sure Mike knows of all the ramifications of this entire deal.  I have no problem with them pursuing a regulatory approach to the quality issue but a commercial decision would be better for all parties. 
 My knee is killing me.  I am going to sue Dr. Frost!!  I just decided to go pretty easy on it for the next couple of weeks and see if it gets any better.  Talk with you tonight.  Bye the way Jessica is not doing well. DK is taking her to the doctor today.  I will let you know how she is tonight.  Dad 
 Lunch sounds great.  The question is when would be a good time.  Cindy is out this week but I will have her figure out a date. 
 I will attend in person.  Thanks 
 Take it easy.  I tried to play last week at a company outing and can barely walk now.  It is hell getting old!!  Happy Thanksgiving. 
 Well, folks, one should never use the word 'final' around here!    Friday's PRC meeting room location at the Hotel Sofitel has been changed to the Opera Room!  Cindy 
 Unfortunately I cannot play on Sunday.  We will try the following weekend. Thanks 
 Sounds good. give me a call when you return.  Happy Thanksgiving to all. 
 Shelly, we can do that but check with Cindy when she returns next week. 
 test 
 Hello, Shelley!     I just want to confirm that this speech is just a talking speech.    The word slides is used, and I just want to confirm that there are no 35mm slides involved....correct?  Cindy 
 Just as I was getting well.  Anyone want to plat golf the Saturday after Thanksgiving?  I anm ready to resume play. 
 not interested.  thanks 
 Sorry I am unable to attend but appreciate the invitation. 
 I understand.  Thanks for the update. 
 Good news.  Congratulations and good luck. 
 I am very pleased and wish you all the best in your new job.  Please keep me updated on how you are doing.  I guess this will make your Holidays a little better!  Stan 
 I will leave Houston around 10:30 tomorrow, so lunch should be around 1:30. Then I am free for at least a couple of hours before I have to go to the Hyatt.  I will leave SA on Friday at noon if you want a ride home or if you want me to follow you.  I think however you leave earlier than that and thats ok.  I will be tied up the rest of the time there.  Love, Dad 
 I am at EOTT this morning.  We released 3rd quarter earnings and have a analyst conference call.  We did pretty good.  Daddy 
 Thanks for the invitation.  Unfortunately I am unable to attend as this is the same night as our ETS Holiday Party.  Stan 
 Thanks Gina.  I understand this is your last day of work until the baby is born..I just wanted to tell you that you will be in my prayers and I am confident everything will go great.  Keep in touch and get alot of rest.  The nightly feedings are close at hand!!  Stan 
 There is not much noted in the finished column.  An explanation or revised finish date would be helpful.  Is the report not up to date or are we falling bhind in gettin items completed!  Stan Horton 
 You should have a lot of fun working with my good friend George Wasaff.  He is a super person!!  This group has strong ties to ETS and creates a lot of value for us.  Good luck!! 
 This looks fine.  Thank you 
 I have completed and returned the survey. 
 Hello, Kimberly!   Stan is out of the office until Monday.    Can we wait until Tuesday to send out?    In the future, we should try to incorporate a bit more "lead" time on items like this  just in case Stan might be out of pocket, etc., which is the case here.  Cindy 
 Stan Horton plans to attend in person. 
 This is the final confirmation for our above referenced meeting which is scheduled for this coming Friday, December 15, at the Hotel Sofitel located at 425 North Sam Houston Parkway East (in the Toulouse Room....note room change) beginning at 8:00AM.  Thanks, Cindy 
 I hope you get to feeling better.  I go to Chicago tonight for the night and then back tomorrow.  Take care of yourself.  I told you whoever took  Florida would win the election.  Dad 
 Per my discussion with Jeff Skilling, Rod Hayslett will be added to the Executive Committee.  Thanks,  Stan 
 Thank you! 
 I am sorry that you don't feel well.  Sounds like you have a cold or flu bug.  Please go to the Health Center and get some antibiotics.  If you feel bad later in the week, make reservations to fly home this weekend and put the bill on the credit card.  I will check with your mom tonight to see how you are.  Love,  Your Daddy 
 I am at EOTT this morning.  Glad we early voted.  I think Bush has it and I don't think it will be that close.  Watch how Florida and Pennslylvania go. If they go Bush; its over.  If Gore wins these two states he has a chance if he takes Michigan.  Key states are Florida, Pennslylvania,and Michigan.  I am still hoping for a last minute Nader rally.  Sorry you don't feel well especially since this your your long day.  Good luck on your test.  I will be at the Rockets game tonight with tthe guys.  Email later this afternoon.  Love, Dad 
 It was the right answer for everybody.  Good luck and let me know if my group can be of any help!  Stan 
 Agree.  Please handle at the Audit Committee meeting. 
 Apology accepted.  My feelings were hurt considering laning you the BMW, paying for dinner and washing and filling your car with gas!!  Love,  Dad 
 Stan has decided to cancel our December Half Day Staff Meeting, which was scheduled for December 14, 2000.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Good job, Don!    We always appreciate you and all that you do!  Cindy    DON POWELL 11/01/2000 09:26 AM 
 I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job. 
 Thanks for the report.  Just what I need. 
 I agree the timing is awful.  By this memo I am asking Gary Smith to see if this can be expedited in any way. 
 Please call Cindy and set up a time for us to chat.  If it would be helpful I would gladly to a phone meeting with your Direct reports. 
 Are we sure we want to do a Board presentation on my group.  Everyone is so busy doing a presentation is not on anyone's priority list?  If so do we want to just do the pipes or all of Global Services? 
 Good job. 
 Thanks Ken.  The Dynegy folks took me to New York for the analyst prsentations and made a big deal about Enron's pipelines and about me coming over.  The only problem is they never asked me if I was planning on going over.  I know their CEO and COO very well so I will probably have a choice.  I would like to see this thing through.  I committed in my current contract to stay until 3/1/05 so I would like to keep my commitment even though the options they gave me sign the contract are worthless.  I do feel an obligation to help right the ship.  My businesses keep performing well and are anchoring the ship right now.  Employees are pretty scared so having some key executives stand up and commit to stay is pretty critical.  Either way I will be fine.  Thanks for your concern.  It means alot.  Stan 
 I trust everything is going well.  Please let me know if there is anything I can do.  At the next Board meeting I am sheduled to provide the Board with an update of Enron Global Services.  Could you have someone prepare a couple of slides on Portland.  One should deal with the major accomplishements of your group in 2001 (ie rate case etc) in bullet form.  The second should be an update of the deal with NNG.  Perhaps a summary of the deal and then where we are in the timeline of key events.  Call if you have questions.  Thanks.  The Board meeting is scheduled for December 6th. 
 Thanks Mike.  Much appreciated. 
 I am ok with the release and the MOU. 
 Thank you Rick.  Those were very kind words.  Everything will turn out ok. = I believe that. 
 Thank you for your kind words.  We will get through this and we all will be better for it.  Lessons are sometimes learned the hard way. 
 Thanks for the report.  Just what I needed. 
 I can't begin to tell you what my days  are like now.  Unbelievable is the = only way I can Describe it.  Not much time to do anything.  Stress is at a = record high.  We will get through this though.  DK and I will be going to the game tonight to see the Lakers.  Talk to you = tomorrow,  Love, Daddy 
 Thanks.  You got the message correct.  We will not accept a firesale price = but if the price is fair we are sellers.  It is a tough message to deliver = but people need to hear the truth.   I appreciate your efforts in arranging= the floor meeting.  Any news on Eco? 
 I am sorry I did not get to you first and let you know.  My apologies.  I really appreciated your interest in the position and your commitment to ETS.  You are a quality individual and I respect you for that.  Thanks. 
 My apology for missing the Dynegy Board meeting that Ken told me today at !:00pm that you wanted me to attend.  I had my international team in for business and budget reviews and to discuss what "non-core" means since both Dynegy and Enron have labeled them as such.  We need to keep these folks motivated to get us through the sale process.  I couldn't reschedule them since they were heading home tonight.  They are fine and willing to see this through.  Please let Chuck know that I just had a conflict.  Congratulations on a very successful rollout with the Analysts on Monday.  Sorry I couldn't go to Chicago with Chuck but it appeared I would have been a detraction.  I would like to sit down over luch with you when you have the time to see what your plans are.  In the meantime call if I can be of any help.  Stan 
 The total bonus pool needed for EGS is $54,800,000.  The amount charged and paid by joint ventures is $5,091062.  The Enron portion would thus be $49,708,938.  This is a reduction of  $14,846,779 for 2001 bonuses charged to Enron. 
 I know it must be frustrating being a ocean away and not really knowing what is going on.  I can assure you that at times I too feel that I do not know everything that is going and that is probably correct.  I can tell you that Jeff McMahon did receive the offer from the Royal Bank of Scotland at or around RAB.  I have supplied him the potential financial impact of Enron accepting that offer.  As of yesterday no decision had been made about responding to their offer.  I suspect that a decision should be made early next week.  I would appreciate your thoughts as soon as you can supply them to me.  Ken Lay and Dynegy have both characterised Enron's investments in water assets as non-core which means of cource that they will be divested in due time.  I would think that that would be the final straw that triggers the goodwill impairment.  We all recommended that if Enron could not support the goodwill remaining on the books then we should proceed with trying to sell Wessex at or around RAB.  That is where we are right now.  Again, please send me your comments.  I would try to keep this confidential since we have not yet made a descision.  I am sorry if I have not done a good job of communicating with you the past few weeks.  Things are quite hectic as you can imagine. 
 Thanks for the update. 
 Do we have to pay them! 
 Thanks.  I am not surprised that we asked to meet with them but I am surpeised that Jeff did not mention it to me.  Communication here is not great.  Stan 
 No problem.  Prudent actions given the circumstances. 
 Thanks for the report.  The level of detail was on target.  Let me know when you want to discuss comp issues. 
 I will await Jeff's call.  Can you fill me in on what is happening with Wessex.  Colin Skellet has been notified that the potential buyer is coming here to have discussions with McMahon.  I need to get in the information loop if at all possible. Thanks 
 Quite frankly I am getting tired of memos like this!  There has not been a = decision not to provide short-term liquidity for Enron Wind.  If there was = I would have called.  Enron is in the midst of a liquidity crisis.  I need = the support of the entire team as does Enron to help us get through this.  = I need you to see the bigger picture and to think of ways that Wind can hel= p.  I need cost reductions, improved cash flow and SUPPORT.  Thank you! 
 What meeting on Tuesday?  No one has informed me of a Tuesday meeting. 
 I like it.  Thanks. 
 From a valuation standpoint I assume Case 1 would give us the highest multiple.  The issue is is it doable?  We have achieved $600 million last year.  Also, before we go further with Project Armstrong I would like to get Whalley and Dynegy to agree that if the discussions are successful we would do the deal.  Let's suspend these discussions for the time being.  Stan 
 We need to get this done.  What other resources do you need to get this dea= l done. 
 I know the value Phil has brought to this effort.  I also know his plate is full and I am glad you will assisting him on getting the EOTT problem under control.  PLEASE keep me updated. 
 Yes the weather has turned somewhat colder.  Busy day.  Call tonight. Love you.  Dad 
 Given our limited corporate resources, can we cut the IT newsletter? 
 Ken has forwarded to me your letter of October 18 wherein you asked how Enron wanted to handle several activities which you are now engaged (Trojan nuclear plant decommissioning, contract review for offshore sales and rep agreements and involvement in Transparency International).  Ken has asked me to work with you on this.  Please let me know a good time to discuss.  Thank you.  Stan Horton 
 We cannot afford a communications or performance breakdown.  I am looking to you to insure that one does not happen. 
 Thanks.  To date I haven't heard anything from GISB. 
 That is your call.  I am trying to make sure everyone is looking at their group and properly assessing where we can become more efficient.  You have to way the benefits vs. cost. 
 I thought we should review the process with Mark and Jeff first.  I will go ahead and invite either Jeff or Ray. 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks.  That means alot. 
 Agree.  We could waste alot of time with Candover and not get anywhere. 
 Thanks Mitch.  I have 18 month old twins who could care less about my distractions.  They are my stress outlet now.  Happy Thanksgiving. 
 This does conflict with a meeting I have in Washington D>C> with Nortwest Natural that Dick asked for.  Your call on rescheduling the meeting with Candover. 
 30 days is acceptable.  This is extremely important to us. 
 BUMMER on the test.  Let it go an do well on the next and it won't make a d= ifference.  You are welcome anytime on Thanksgiving.  I have some papers th= at you have to get notarized on Friday.  I have also scheduled to have you = Explorer for an oil change and lube job.  I assume you have not done this y= et.  Write back 
 Thanks Frank.  I will look over the resumes but given Enron's current condition we are not doing any new development projects outside of the pipelines and are relying on Corporate Development to assist with asset sales.  Given all that I don't believe I have a spot for anyone.  Quite frankly, I am concerned about keeping all that I have. 
 Given where we are I tend to agree with theswe statements. 
 No problem at all. 
 Please set this up for Monday. 
 Sorry but it is Enron's policy not to comment on these types of things.  Rest assured that we have very experienced people who are evaluating  offers we receive for any asset. Thank you. 
 Ok, but please expedite. Also, you should be aware that Todd has informed me of his need to pursue going on short-term disability.  We are looking at internal candidates to serve as the CFO for the interim period as we seek to seel Enron Wind.  You will of cource have input into the decision.  My first interview is Monday with a Mike Miller who is in corporate development.  I will keep you informed. 
 I am glad it worked out for you.  It will be interesting to see how things unfold in the days ahead. 
 Thank you Frank.  That means alot. 
 Good days are now impossible! 
 The list looks complete. 
 Congratulations on your test.  Proud of you.  Everyday is tough.  I can't tell you what its like other than tough.  Love, Dad 
 Thanks.  Right now I know of no available opportunities but will keep you in mind. 
 I think we should talk with them if the have the cash.  However, I get very= nervous when anyone would commit $100 to $200 million with limited due dil= igence.  Also, I would not want to announce anything until the deal closes.= Preannouncing a deal of this size isn't goi8ng to stabilize anything.  $1= to $2 BILLION might get a different answer.  As to your involvement, you m= ade the right call. 
 You have my permission to just refer them to Jeff Donahue.  Jeff is in the process of naming individuals to assist in the disposition of our international assets.  Corporate development, EGAS and investment bankers will collectively pursue the disposition.  I woould think Dr. Boyce should be so advised of the process we are going to use.  Jeff or his designee can deliver this message if you would like.  Jeff, I assume this is the right approach given our converstion. 
 I am ok with this.  Bill has done a good job. 
 Contact Lou Pai.  He is heading up our new Xelerator program that is looking at new business opportunities that are outside of our mainstram businesses. 
 Yes, please go ahead and send the documents to David. 
 Of cource. It is always good visiting with you.  See you soon. 
 I have no idea what this project is so an update would be appreciated.  Please set something up with my assistant Cindy Stark.  Thanks. 
 I figured this posting belonged to one of you.  Please see the message from Danny Jones. 
 First of all congratulations on completing your degree.  Having completed my Masters degree by going to school at nights and Saturdays while working full time I know first hand the commitment that takes.  I suggest that you work through Mary Ellen in trying to find the right position.  She knows Gary Smith, VP of HR for ETS.  Between the two of them they should be able to offer you the right advise.  Keep me informed. 
 Call my assistant, Cindy Stark and set up an appointment. 
 Nasim Khan is due to rotate back to the states very soon.  He at one time worked for TW.  He has experience in Business Development.  Please give him some time when he calls to see if he can be of some value to our business development efforts. 
 Thanks.  You made my day.  I think she is kind of special so its nice to hear good things about her.  See you tomorrow. 
 Chris, Steve got us a tee time at 7:52 am Saturday on the OLD course starting on #10 tee box.  I have told him you will play. See you Tomorrow.  Stan 
 Did anyone make a tee-time for golf this weekend.  I can play Saturday as long as we are done by @ pm or any time on Sunday.  Please let me know.  I can make a t-time but I am not sure what we will get at this late date. 
 Lunch is not good this week.  I have a business lunch tomorrow.  Thursday is the GISB Board meeting.  Are you going?  I"ll give you a ride there and to your car afterwards if you do not need to come back downtown to work.  Let me know.  Dad 
 It is a bad day getting worse.  Any more questions about how I am doing?  If it rains I am going out and standing in it because it will mean my day is actually improving.  Talk with you later.  Daddy 
 The name sounds ok to me.  Better than EOTTMTBE<LP et al. 
 Ok with me. 
 Ok.  Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment. 
 I will know our schedule better next week.  I would hope we could execute before the end of June at the latest.  I will email you again on Monday.  Thanks. 
 I have secured a tee time for Saturday at 9:52 am for the New Course.  If I hear from Steve or Tom that they have a tee time already I will email you.  So check your email tomorrow and I will confirm the time or call me tomorrow evening if that is more convenient.  I look forward to playing given the mastery of the game I exhibited over the final 9 holes last week. 
 I got the Board book and note.  Thanks, it made my day.  I will be glad to take you to the Board meeting, and to the park & ride or home which ever you prefer.  Call me tonight.  Daddy 
 Dana wins. 
 Q2 needs to be on plan.  Work hard! 
 Count me in.  See you tomorrow. 
  It sounds like the due diligence with UBS is going fairly well with no real surprise.  The news is good on Indian Mesa I and II both on the deal with AEP and the financing.  The real target is completion of the project on time.  I am concerned about slippage again on Q2 due to the Greek project slippage and German installations being behind schedule.  I am looking forward to seeing the Q2 numbers very soon.  What is the issue on the L&S gearbox and what is the potential impact on 01 earnings given your statement that if we do not pass the test, it will present significant problems for 01 US sales.  Let's talk by phone this week if possible. 
 Thank you.  I feel I have neglected Wessex and you with all that is going on.  The truth is that John, Michael and you are very capable of proceeding with little input from me.  I did make sure with Corporate Development that Michael had to be involved along with you and your team.  Communication here is not the greatest so please keep me updated.  Thanks. 
 It seems we could be more responsive than this.  Gary, can you help. 
 Thanks Mike.  Should have known you were in control of the situation.  By the way, how are you doing with all of this? 
 Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.  It's ok with me. 
 I am doing ok.  Needless to say I am disappointed but I am trying to provide some leadership.  Thanks for asking. 
 Please call to set up a meeting.  We should include Michael Anerson in the call.  There are updates that I need to provide you with. 
 Debbie:  Let me know if you get this.    Cindy 
 What is wrong.  My Blackberry did not pick up the email you were responding to -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks. Please make sure Bob Kelley is on the list. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Happy Holidays to you and your Staff.  Selling Wessex is the rifht move for everyone.  I am glad that things arew going well.  @et me know if I can be of help. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks Mike.  We all will need to do our best to get this turned around in 2002. 
 Set up a meeting with Cindy 
 Can you get a card to send to Morris? 
 I doubt anybody wants that to happen.  This issue is are we now at the point that Enron Wind cannot generate enough cash to meet its own requirements. 
 Thanks for forwarding Peter's resume.  By copy of this memo I am forwarding Peter's resume to Danny McCarty and Phil Lowry.  Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter.  He seems to be a very qualified candidate. 
 I don't like the answer tho the last question.  Can we add that under the agreements we could cancel as early as (date) but no decision has been made with regards when actual termination would occur? 
 How much does putting out the newsletter cost?  How often are you proposing to put it out?  Does it replace any other newsletters?  Is there any new information in the newsletter or just restatements of what Ken, Mark and Greg have already said?  Need to make sure we have included Brian Stanley's group in what constitutes EGS.  Especially NEPCO. 
 Lets try it and then try to gauge whether it is accomplishing anything.  I believe our employees are on information overload and putting out another newsletter adds to the overload.  I have always believed that if we have an effective Corporate newsletter we don't need these subsidiary newsletters.  Meaningful information can be included in the corporate newsletter.  At ETS we used to have periodic FYI newsletters that were directed at key topics we needed to cover.  You and I also need to do a budget review.  The cost I am hearing from your group are to big for EGS to support.  I had truly hoped that Gina's group combined with you and perhaps one other person could cover EGS.  Gina's group was covering ETs and EOTT.  I think Adam has a PR person so we need to find out what PR costs are in the Wind company.  Also NBP's has there own PR person.  Please set up a meeting with Cindy and Tracy.  Thanks 
 I have it on my calendar and Debbie would like to come also.  The plane can only fit so many so be careful you don't over invite if they are counting on the plane for transportation.  Thanks. 
 I hope you are exercising reguarly given your chips, salsa, dip and beans. 
 I am having lunch today with El Paso's CEO for their international group (Byron Kelley).  The meeting was set up to discuss El Paso's public positions in Brazil and the problems Orlando was having with them.  I will add your concerns to the list of items to discuss and get back with you.  Stan 
 Do yyou mind ig I give the attachment to Byron Kelley? 
 I met with Byron Kelley who runs El Paso's international business.  He is an old business aquaintance that I had not visited with in several years.  Byron assured me that he would stop the type of press like the article you sent.  He reiterated although that El Paso has had good success in dealing with the government in a very private way and did not want to publicise any differences that they may have with the government from time to time.  He was willing to stop the press articles that defined differences between El Paso and Enron in their approach to Brazil but had no desire to join Enron in publically trying to effectuate change in Brazil.  The meeting was very friendly.  Let me know if I can be of further help.  Hope all is well with you and you and your family. 
 Yes 
 With everything that is going on it would be prudent to hold off pursing any acquisitions at this time.  Thanks. 
 I'm glad you had a good weekend.  I am taking DK out to dinner tonght so I won't be home.  Dad 
 CONGRATULATIONS>  Job well done. 
 Congratulations. 
 I hope somebody else draws my name then. 
 Please call me tonight and five me an update.  Good luck on the mythology test. 
 Ask Julie to play with us.  I could play Sunday if that would be better. 
 The Wall Street has some good articles.  Read it every day this week.  Glad Rose and you are doing good.  Busy day for me.  Lots to do.  Call tonight.  Love, Dad 
 We definately need to talk ASAP.  Please call Cindy or call me at home 281.320.1240.  With regard to 1) and 2) the answer for now is no for now.  Between Rod and Tod we will keep you covered.  You will have to work double load for a while longer with regard to Americas-GM.  The O&M makes sence.  Go ahead.  I will explain all this when I talk with you. 
 It looks good to me. 
 Jack Urquhart has inquired as to his continuing role for providing oversight of the Trojan decommissioning.  I think he sits on the review committee.  Please give your thoughts on this.  I think we need someone from Enron on the committee but given Jack's changing role he may or may not be the right person.  Please acknowledge receipt of this given our email difficulties.  Thanks  Stan 
 Looks good 
 What is the subject matter you wish to visit about? 
 I think we should add to the letter "each year the Chairman of the Natural Gas Council has to privilege to name two individuals to the Council.  The experience you have gained as both a state and federal regulator coupled with experience working in the private sector makes you an excellent addition to this years Council."  A similarly worded phrase could be added to Rick's.Thanks 
 Calm down.  The operative word is it has been put on hold.  These are not normal times.  No one saw this coming or we could have planned better.  Give us a few days to figure everything out.  We just made the decision today to preserve cash while we were waiting to see what was going to happen.  Thanks for your cooperation which I desperately need right now. 
 Too bad about the Saporito's.  It's tough to see a family break apart.  It was nice that ours could stay together even if it is non-traditional.  You know how much I care about your Mom's happiness and welfare.  Too bad about your week coming up but considering the two weeks I have had you get no sympathy.  I will be here late tonight.  Love Dad..  GET THE WSJ EARLY TOMORROW! 
 I agree with your last sentence.  Thanks for helping us through this crunch time. 
 Watch the news tomorrow!  Big Day!  Call me 
 Long term investors get rewarded.  Hang in there.  You haven't lost until you have sold.  Be careful not to let your losses turn into long-term losses.  Short-term losses are treated as ordinary income for tax purposes meaning Uncle Sam absorbs 40% of your losses!  Then buyback and hold for a few years. 
 Done 
 Great 
 Your thoughts. 
 The normal process is to have him interviewed by three members of the Execu= tive Committee who then confirm that he meets our requirements for being an= Enron VP.  I assume you are asking us to agree to deviate from this proces= s.  I am uncomfortable with that due to the fact that if the process is not= going to be adhered to anyone can nominate a person for VP based on the st= rength of an individuals resume.  If everyone else agrees to the exception = I won't be the one to hold this up but I don't necessarily agree with the e= xception being granted. 
 I think this is a good summary of where we are:  1.  QF Status:  Mirant is willing to provide a legal opinion that it meets the QF status under the PPA if it is required to close.  2.  A market report should be issued by Mirant today as to the reasons they have only been able to secure $300 million instead of $500 million in insurance.  Hopefully this will satisfy the lenders.  3.  Mirant's proposal went out today on how to protect the lenders if the SHO is extinguished.  4.  Mirant and GE have agreed to a closing checklist and fee coverage.  Things left to do:  1Finalize all documents  2.  Receive underwriter approval on the resolution of all insurance claims.  3.Agree upon mirror guarantees with Enron and Mission relating to the Union Carbide guarantees.  Jeff Donahue informs me that CFSB feels secure that this deal will close on December 15 but not before.  The reason is that there are PPA bids that need to go out by that date.  Let's keep daily status reports coming. If I have misrepresented anything in the summary, please let me know. 
 I'll be fine.  Thanks for thinking of me.  I am more worried about the 13,000 people that work for me. Tough time bro'!  I noticed yesterday that my hands were staring to tremble a bit.  I think I need some time off when this is over..not too much time though. 
 How much did I give Dennis last year? 
 Thanks.  Steve has been a valuable asset for Enron and ETS which is exactly why other Enron business units are so interested in his services.  I made sure that Steve knew that he could stay with ETS.  The decision was his.  However, we must always remember that sometimes we need do what is in the best interest of Enron and not just ourselves.  Thank you for letting me know your feelings. 
 We will miss you also.  Glad we had you for the time we did.  See you at th= e Board meeting. =20 Stan 
 I will be there unless I have to work.  For now I am ok. 
 Thanks.  I made it clear to Steve that he could have stayed.  Steve made the decision that was in his and the company's best interest.  He has not contacted me about staying. 
 Thanks Mike.  That means alot. 
 Thanks.  I have heard from just about all of Steve's reports about retainin= g him.  Steve was given the choice to stay at ETS.  He made the choice that= was in his and Enron's best interest.  Steve is a quality individual and a= n exceptional leader.  His talents need to be showcased and I think he unde= rstood that.  I appreciate your comments on Steve's replacement.  We have f= inished the interviewing process and will make a choice in the next couple = of weeks or sooner.  Your recommendation is appreciated.  Thanks again for = the kind words.  Stan 
 Looks like I need to cancel.  My wife reminded me that I promised to take my daughter to lunch on Saturday. She hasn't been home in a month and I would like to see her.   Can you play on Sunday morning?  If so I will try and get a t time.  Let me know.  Thanks. 
 We are on for lumch.  The guys wanted to play golf Saturday at 11:30 but I told them I had lunch with you and couldn't make it. 
 OK but you need to fill out the form and get it to Cindy.  If you need help call Cindy.  She can schedule the plane for you and probabley take care of the paper work. 
 I would like you to get directly involved in selling the assets we have targeted for next year while overseeing the operations of Mariella, Pete and Orlando.  That is alot of stuff.  However I will keep you in mind as we figure out who is going to be on the transition team. 
 I will call him again on Monday.  Do I get a commission.  Just kidding. 
 I WOULD LIKE TO DISCUSS.  PLEASE CALL TOMORROW IF POSSIBLE.  I THINK WE SHOULD PUT A NUMBER ON THE TABLE.  STAN -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Supposedly but I am trying to get out of it.  I will let you know. 
 Thanks Eric.  Nice job handling all of this! 
 We will discuss at the next Staff meeting.  Thanks for bringing it up.  Any= feedback from the floor meeting yesterday would be appreciated. 
 As I said yesterday it is my understanding that we need Dynegy's permission in order to engage in such discussions.  I however have not seen the final merger documents so I may be mistaken.  Given Dynegy's presentation to the analysts on Monday it doesn't look like the want to divest of the pipes.  This is Greg's call. 
 I look forward to hearing about the new romance stuff!!  Hope to see you soon. 
 Per my discussion with Jeff Skilling, Rod Hayslett will be added to the Executive Committee.  Thanks,  Stan 
 Great.  Just what we needed. 
 I am glad that everything worked out.  Good luck in your new job! 
 Thanks.  Glad you had a good time 
 Thank you very much! 
 John and I agreed that we would not send the letter at this time. 
 In reviewing the key items of your business review with Jeff Skilling, he had some issues with your new Broadband business.  Please provide me with some more detail as follows:  It was mentioned that we had spent around $13 million thus far on dark fiber.  How much of the resultant capacity has been sold?  Are we laying the dark fiber at risk?  In other words are we taking a long position in dark fiber.  What is our capacity situation today?  Do you have a business plan for this new venture..ie what is the anticipated capital expenditures annually for this venture.  Who are the customers?  What is the expected return?  What is the payback on our investment, etc.  Who approved the formation of this new venture and the capital commitment?  Anything else that will help me get a clear understanding of what we have and where we are going with it. 
 Thank you for agreeing to be a speaker at INGAA's Annual Security Analysts Conference, scheduled for July 12-14 at the Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, Colorado.  INGAA hosts this conference every year as a forum for the 25-30 top natural gas analysts to meet with CEO's and other industry leaders.  You will be participating on a panel on natural gas supply, scheduled for 8:15 to 10:00 a.m. Friday, July 13.  As a panelist, we would like to hear your views on the natural gas demand and deregulation, and you are more than welcome to join us for the entire meeting if your schedule allows.  You will be receiving a complete packet of material details from INGAA.  Don't hesitate to call me if you have any additional questions.  Stan 713/853-6177 
 Hello, Bil!   Stan will attend in person.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Love you too.  I wrapped Mom's present.  It is ready for you ton pick up. Gave Mom your allowance this morning.  Sorry I forgot o9ver the weekend. Dad 
 Rod Hayslett has it I believe.  They just do not give up! 
 I hope you get to feeling better.  I go to Chicago tonight for the night and then back tomorrow.  Take care of yourself.  I told you whoever took  Florida would win the election.  Dad 
 Please handle 
 I have forwarded your memo to Mark Metts who is handling the sale of Enron Wind.  Mark will make the necessary contacts. 
 That is fine with me.  I would like to get this approved as soon as possible. 
 Thanks.  I thought it was a good time also. 
 I wasn't sure if you got my response to your email. 
 Doug:  Thank you for your e-mail updating us on the Ripley Campus Grand Opening events.    I have purchased a table at the Wednesday, April 11, HEART OF GOLD CELEBRATION  luncheon at the Wortham Center, and my wife and I will be attending.  However, I am unable to attend any of the other events due to my busy work schedule.  Tell Angela I look forward to seeing her at the HEART OF GOLD CELEBRATION luncheon on the 11th.  Thanks, Stan Horton 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Astros tickets (4 tickets per game) for the month of April, for business or personal use, as follows:  Thursday, April 5, vs. MIL @ 7:05PM  (short notice!) Friday, April 6, vs. PIT @ 7:05PM Saturday, April 7, vs. PIT @ 1:35PM Sunday, April 8, vs. PIT @ 1:35PM Sunday, April 22, vs. STL @ 7:05PM Monday, April 23, vs. ATL @ 7:05PM Tuesday, April 24, vs. ATL @ 7:05PM Wednesday, April 25, vs. ATL @ 7:05PM Friday, April 27, vs. FLA @ 7:05PM Saturday, April 28, vs. FLA @ 1:35PM Sunday, April 29, vs. FLA @ 1:35PM  First come, first served.  Thanks, Cindy X36197 
 I wish I could be there to see her face too.  Take pictures!!  Sorry I will be unable to see you this weekend.  Talk with you tonight.  Daddy 
 Yes 
 This is to advise you that we are still working on your individual issues regarding the lack of representation in your specific areas on the Associate PRC Committee.   I will keep you posted on the outcome.  Thanks, Stan Horton Chairman & CEO Enron Transportation Services Company 
 Stan Horton plans to attend in person. 
 I will do whatever you would like to do.  Saturday is fine.  Let me what time and I will be there.  I have no specific plans.  Dad 
 THANK YOU!  Sorry about the admin gaffe. 
 I think the best way to handle this is for you to get with Mary Joyce and her team and work out the details.  I think the last item may be of some concern.  If there are issues that can't be resolved between Mary and you I will gladly get involved.  Does this sound like a good plan? 
 No, there are still some left for later on in the month.   I'll get with Janice.  Have a great weekend, Cindy 
 Just a brief note to thank you for the Enron/Astros Opening Day Caps!   They are very nice, and I do appreciate the gesture.  Thanks again, Stan Horton 
 Tuesday works for me. 
 This should be the first major step to getting this done.  Let me know if I can be of help! 
 I am glad that your Mom is happy!  It means alot to me.  Sorry you are not feeling well.  I'm not either.  I have not felt well since I gave blood on Friday.  Talk with you later.  Dad 
 UNFORTUNATELY!! work totalled interfered with my plans to go to the Masters last weekend.  I was so mad I didn't even want to play golf.  I am over that now and would like to play this coming weekend.  I can play Saturday morning (need to finish by 2pm). or Sunday morning.   I will be out of town Wednesday thru Friday so just let Cindy know if anyone can play.  Have a good week. 
 Forgot about Easter.  I am not that religious either but no sence in taking chances.  Saturday is good. 
 Hello, Kimberly!   Stan is out of the office until Monday.    Can we wait until Tuesday to send out?    In the future, we should try to incorporate a bit more "lead" time on items like this  just in case Stan might be out of pocket, etc., which is the case here.  Cindy 
 I am glad it made you happy.  That is very important to both Caron and me. It is nice to see you excited.  It made our day too.  Stan 
 If the sales representative from the Jaguar dealership calls please get in touch with me.  Have a good morning!  The Boss 
 Good morning. I'm at EOTT .  Talk with you later.  Stan 
 I would love to come and participate.  I think the best I can do is come in the night before and perhaps(?) attend the night game and then do the golf tournament the next day and leave after the dinner.  Talk with Dave about who I should be paired up with.  I would like to play with either him or Mike McGowan also.  Tell Dave he stood me up last year but it was worth it. 
 Probably replacing Ken Harrison with myself is the right movr.  Please go ahead and handle making the necessary changes.  Thanks. 
 I checked with Rick Buy's group on where they were on The RAROC analysis of your proposed broadband project.  They aren't doing anything according to Rod who checked for me.  It seems to me that we need to do several things to either kick this into gear or to put it on hold pending completion of a sale.  1.  We need to find out from Mark Metts if this deal adds any value to the transactions being proposed.  I will talk with Mitch and Mark about this issue. 2.  We need to determine EBS interest in this business..ie are they a buyer or seller of Portland metro dark fiber.  If they want to be in this business wouldn't it make to develop this project as EBS and not to include it in a sale? 3.  A project of this size will take Jeff's approval.  The projected Phase I capital is above my threshold.  I will talk with Kevin Hannon and Mitch and then get back with you.  Sound like a plan? 
 I am here.  I will leave the office about 2pm.  I'll see you this weekend. Good luck on your test on Thursday!  Dad 
 Would you please look into this and advise me as to whether we can do this. Also, Rod Hayslett is checking with Michael Anderson on whether Wessex would like to perform certain billing and payable functions for Enron Europe. 
 Who is going to put our presentation together?  I will give it if you and Bob feel that is the right thing to do but I just do not have time to put the presentation together.  Stan 
 Please advise 
 I have completed and returned the survey. 
 FYI>  Responce requested.  Thanks 
 Jerry:  Stan is in California at the KEYEX meeting today and tomorrow.    What do y= ou=20 suggest?  Cindy 
 Thanks for your reply, Dee! 
 I go to Washington DC tomorrow morning returning on Wednesday evening.  I will not be in the office either day.  Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night?  If so let me know.  They play St. Louis with Mark McGuire.  I know you will do great this week.  You are always prepared.  Good Luck. Daddy 
 Good luck and thank you for a job well done. 
 If you need my signature you should get it by noon on Monday or it will have to wait until Thursday. 
 The Red Rock expansion needs to get  approval at the May 1st Board meeting. The procedure is to submit it to the Finance Committee of the Board for approval . Assuming the Finance Committee approves the project they would recommend it to the Board for approval.  By this memo, I am requesting that Rod coordinate with Rick Buy to get it on the Finance Committee agenda.  I will be in town for both the Board meeting and the Finance Committee meetings.  If formal presentations are required at the Finance Committee we can decide who should do them.  It is my understanding that no presentation needs to be done at the Board meeting.  I will check with Jeff to see if he wants a formal presentation to the Finance Committee or if he will do it himself. 
 The engagement letter was mailed last week.  If you do not get it by tomorrow please let me know.  Thank you. 
 Thanks for the update.  I agree that getting the past amount will take some time. 
 Thanks for the update.  Going to one of the power desks was a good move. Experience on the desk will prove very valuable in the years ahead.  I hope you made your Dad pay a premium for those peakers!  Stay in touch. 
 This looks fine.  Thank you 
 Hello, Joanne!    Congrats on your new responsibilities.   I don't know Bob Phillips and, therefore, probably won't be talking with you like I did when you were with Mr. Somerhalder.  I have enjoyed our chats on the phone and you were always very courteous and helpful.   Good luck, and maybe we'll talk again one day soon.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Stan Horton will attend in person. 
 This is a friendly reminder of this weekend's Theatre Under The Stars Event, of which you and your spouse will be sitting with Stan and Debbie Horton.  This 2001 Gala will be honoring The Humphreys Foundation and takes place on Saturday, April 21, at the Wortham Theater Center  with cocktails beginning at 7:00PM in the Grand Foyer, seated dinner at 8:00PM in the Grand Foyer, and a special dancing performance by the Humphreys School of Musical Theatre at 9:30PM in the Cullen Theater.  This is a black tie event; valet parking will be available.  Have a great evening!  Cindy 
 Since we are in the process of trying to exit this business the answer from Enron Wind would be no.  You might want to contact Condy Plson to see if the idea has any value to Enron. 
 I agree.  There have been way too many surprises from this group lately. 
 I will do whatever I can.  Joe is a real good person.  Besides I think you could become a very good regulatory analyst for us and Joe would be a wonderful teacher.  I hope everything works out for you  personally and professionally. 
 I have the tickets.  Invite some friends if you want because I have four tickets and no babysitter.  Perhaps your Mother would like to go.  Have a good day.  Sorry I have been so busy this week.  Daddy 
 Congratulations.  It totally made may day also!!  I was coming back downtown from EOTT and went down Westheimer.  When I passed the old apartments I lived in for awhile all the bad days came thundering back and I just about lost it!  So you made my day!  Thank you!  Love, Daddy 
 The letter looks good.  It is factual and correct. 
 Contact Joe and suggest that he meet with you while you are there or I could do it for you.  Let me know. 
 You should have a lot of fun working with my good friend George Wasaff.  He is a super person!!  This group has strong ties to ETS and creates a lot of value for us.  Good luck!! 
 I w3ill take them over to your Mom's or leave them with Debbie.  If they are not at your Mom's, they are at my house. 
 OK.. 
 Hello, Sherri!    I just wanted to let you know that Stan is out of the office today on a field trip, but I will discuss this with him on Monday.  Cindy 
 Please see below responses highlighted in blue. 
 Are you sure Lohitt is the right person to do this job.  What about EOTT?  No one at EOTT even knew that Steve was leaving before I told them last week. Communication skills are crucial in this job and I never thought that was one of Lohitt's strong skills, 
 That is not the issue.  By putting us in the middle between GTB and Solar we would be the ones that would have to resolve any differances between the wo if the unit does not function properly.  The whole deal gets complicated since there is a design engineer. oerator and equipment manufacturer and we get in the middle between the equipment manufacturer and owner.  If the unit does operate properly, everyone will point fingers at everyone else,  I have seen this happen coutless times on EE&CC projects.  Why do I want to take this risk on an international project that according to Jerry's own numbers gets me about $800,ooo in current perios earnings and another $400'ooo deferred over many years.  It just is not worth the time and risk for that kind of money.  I think Phil Lowry agrees with this assessment also. 
 I waited to get you one until they worked out all the kinks.  See how thoughtful I am. 
 I assume you have taken care of this and Jim is available immediately 
 Looks good to me. 
 The information should have been sent to you by now.  I was out of town last week.  Sory about the delay.  Email is a great way to comminicate on this. Thank you. 
 There is not much noted in the finished column.  An explanation or revised finish date would be helpful.  Is the report not up to date or are we falling bhind in gettin items completed!  Stan Horton 
 I will call you tonight to catch up on the prom etc.  Orlando was ok. Nothing great.  By the way, DK, the twins and I will be in Florida June 30 - July 10.  When are you coming?  We will need to get plane reservations ASAP. 
 This is the entire conversation that I did not send previously. 
 Glad you could join us. 
 I would appreciate if each of you could provide a brief (one-page or less) bullet point summary of the week's activity by close of business each Friday.  You can send either via e-mail or fax.  Jeff has his staff meetings on Monday mornings and it would help me keep him abreast of key activities in your respective areas.  I don't need anything elaborate.  Thanks, Stan 
 Great idea! 
 Ms. Conners:  Thank you for your recent letter regarding my personal financial situation.    I do appreciate your concern and interest; however, I have a very qualified financial advisor who handles ALL of my personal financial needs.  Please remove my name from your written correspondence/phone call contact list.  Sincerely, Stan Horton Enron 
 If you are bored go work out!  That is time consuming and good for you.  That is fine with the credit card.  If you work out it is ok to go shop and put it on the credit card.  Just not too much.  By the way DK's birthday is April 30 and the JJ's are May 2.  No one expects presents but it would be nice if you got DK a card.  She is taking your car in today to be fixed.  Daddy 
 Stanley C. and Debbie K. Horton 9302 Cypresswood Drive Spring, TX  77379 Phone:  281/320-1240  Caron M. Horton 6914 Apple Valley Lane Houston, TX  77069 Phone:  281/444-3636  Kenneth G. Horton 5855 DeClair Court NW Atlanta, Georgia  30328 Phone:  404/843-1413  Linda Wehring 1831 Crystal Court Houston, TX  77008 Phone:  713/864-2815  2nd Successor Agent for Debbie (Medical PoA):  Linda Wehring  Successor Agent to MSDW (Durable PoA):  LEAVE BLANK  2nd Successor Agent for Debbie (Durable PoA):  Linda Wehring  Jason Stanley Horton; born May 2, 2000  Jessica Anne Horton; born May 2, 2000  Caron Marie Horton; born January 5, 1981  Guardianship: 1.  Cathy Marie Shuck 2.  Carol Anne Birch 3.  Caron Marie Horton *  *  Caron will be 21 on January 5, 2002. 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Astros tickets (4 tickets per game) for the month of May, for business (first preference) or personal use, as follows:  Monday, May 7, vs. PHI @ 7:05PM Wednesday, May 9, vs. PHI @ 7:05PM Friday, May 18, vs. CIN @ 7:05PM Saturday, May 19, vs. CIN @ 1:35PM Monday, May 21, vs. SD @ 7:05PM Tuesday, May 22, vs. SD @ 7:05PM Wednesday, May 23, vs. SD @ 3:05PM  Please note that game times are subject to change; please check local listings to verify.  Cindy 
 Friday is fine with me. 
 Thanks Gina.  I understand this is your last day of work until the baby is born..I just wanted to tell you that you will be in my prayers and I am confident everything will go great.  Keep in touch and get alot of rest.  The nightly feedings are close at hand!!  Stan 
 I am not aware of any other conflict with schedules.  I suggest we go ahead with the meeting. 
 Glad you could make the trip. 
 The game was awesome.  Our tickets were directly behind homeplate.  Debbie said she could see me on every pitch and knew that I left the bootom half of the 8th inning.  She said I never picked my nose once on camera.  Pretty good, huh.  Have a good day.  Talk with you later.  By the way, your car is done.  They had no problem removing the oil filter at all.  They only had to wriggle it a little bit.  Love, Daddy 
 Short and to the point.  No changes 
 Sounds good about the car and the horse show.  WHERE is David staying this weekend when he comews up.  I am not sure I approve of this.  What is the deal? Email me at home. 
 Yes.  Let me know about follow=up plans. 
 I'm glad you could join us...sorry we weren't able to talk at the table. 
 Workout, study, study and then go shopping for something new. 
 Thanks rae.  Debra Peppers is persistant so Flashfind may very well join our organization.  $5,000 is good! 
 Please send a list of corporate types who could act a executor.  I will get back ASAP.  Thank you. 
 Thanks for the invitation.  Unfortunately I am unable to attend as this is the same night as our ETS Holiday Party.  Stan 
 Please go ahead and execute.  Thanks for checking with me. 
 I will continue to host them as long as I am on the Board unless someone else is dying to do it. 
 Thanks.  I am glad everything is going well with the newlyweds.  Debbie and I share some Astros tickets with some other people.  Don't know if you are an Astros fan but we would love to have you and Ann join us at one of the games.  We miss you on Saturdays.  I am getting better.  94 last week with three triple bogeys.  I can feel an 89 in the not too distant future.  Stay in touch. 
 Great. 
 Right now, we are concentrating on disposing of all Azuriz assets other than Wessex and Buenos Aires.  John Garrison and Michael Anderson are handling getting CA's executed and books out to the respective parties.  Just contact Michael directly about getting this kicked-off.  Thanks. 
 I agree.  I suggest the following.  Joe, we need you to go give a pitch to Massey's assistats about what is going on.  Next Jerry Halvorsen has scheduled a lunch with Massey in two weeks.  He has invited me to attend. What do you think? 
 No.  The GP contribution is enough.  I don't want to go to Jeff for another $2 million. 
 After giving it some thought I think just naming Debbie as executor and agent is the best course of action.  Debbie is fine with this approach.  Thank you. 
 I will be in attendance. 
 I will discuss your recommendation to seperate PGE from Enron's Health and Welfare Benefits with Cynthia Barrow and Mark Metts in the near future and will get back to you once that meeting is over. 
 Good job, Don!    We always appreciate you and all that you do!  Cindy    DON POWELL 11/01/2000 09:26 AM 
 I am at EOTT this morning.  We released 3rd quarter earnings and have a analyst conference call.  We did pretty good.  Daddy 
 I can play.  That actually works well for me. 
 Contact Lou Pai.  He is heading up our new Xelerator program that is looking at new business opportunities that are outside of our mainstram businesses. 
 The list looks complete. 
 30 days is acceptable.  This is extremely important to us. 
 We cannot afford a communications or performance breakdown.  I am looking to you to insure that one does not happen. 
 Thanks for the report.  The level of detail was on target.  Let me know when you want to discuss comp issues. 
 Thanks for the report.  Just what I needed. 
 Thanks for the report.  Just what I need. 
 The normal process is to have him interviewed by three members of the Executive Committee who then confirm that he meets our requirements for being an Enron VP.  I assume you are asking us to agree to deviate from this process.  I am uncomfortable with that due to the fact that if the process is not going to be adhered to anyone can nominate a person for VP based on the strength of an individuals resume.  If everyone else agrees to the exception I won't be the one to hold this up but I don't necessarily agree with the exception being granted. 
 I will leave Houston around 10:30 tomorrow, so lunch should be around 1:30. Then I am free for at least a couple of hours before I have to go to the Hyatt.  I will leave SA on Friday at noon if you want a ride home or if you want me to follow you.  I think however you leave earlier than that and thats ok.  I will be tied up the rest of the time there.  Love, Dad 
 What is the subject matter you wish to visit about? 
 I'm glad you had a good weekend.  I am taking DK out to dinner tonght so I won't be home.  Dad 
 Thanks for forwarding Peter's resume.  By copy of this memo I am forwarding Peter's resume to Danny McCarty and Phil Lowry.  Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter.  He seems to be a very qualified candidate. 
 Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.  It's ok with me. 
 Ok.  Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment. 
 I figured this posting belonged to one of you.  Please see the message from Danny Jones. 
 I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job. 
 This is ok by me.  Rick looks like a good candidate. 
 This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets.   These seats are in Section 104, Row D, Seats 1-4.  Their schedule is listed below.   Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games.   They will be distributed on a business basis first, then personal use.  Preseason Game A: Saturday, May 12 @ 7:30PM vs. Miami SOL Preseason Game B: Thursday, May 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Detroit SHOCK Game 1:  Monday, May 28 @ 2:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 3:  Monday, June 11 @ 7:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 4:  Thursday, June 14 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game 5:  Sunday, June 17 @ 1:00PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 6:  Tuesday, June 19 @ 7:30PM vs. Washington MYSTICS Game 7:  Saturday, June 23 @ 3:00PM vs. Sacramento MONARCHS Game 8:  Monday, July 2 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game 9:  Friday, July 6 @ 7:30PM  vs. Indiana FEVER Game 10:  Sunday, July 8 @ 1:00PM vs. Cleveland ROCKERS Game 11:  Tuesday, July 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 12:  Saturday, July 28 @ 12:30PM vs. New York LIBERTY Game 13:  Monday, July 30 @ 7:30PM vs. Seattle STORM Game 14:  Friday, August 3 @ 7:30PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE Game 15:  Monday, August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY Game 16:  Monday, August 13 @ 7:30PM vs. Minnesota LYNX  Please note that date and time are subject to change; please check local listings.  Thanks, Cindy 713/853-6197 
 Mailing them to the house iis fine.  It will give us some weekend reading! Thanks. 
 Good news.  Congratulations and good luck. 
 Hello, Bill!   Stan will attend in person.  Cindy 
 Thank you for the invitation.  Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments. 
 I know of no changes we need to make to the Board or to the Committee assignments. I will check with Mr. Lay's office to make sure he wants to remain on the Board.  I will do that today and have an answer by tomorrow in all probability. 
 Nicely done! 
 It looks fine to me. 
 Jim, thanks for the invitation.  I should know by Monday if I can make it.  I hiope that is ok. 
 Sounds like you are having a tough week with all the Exchange/Outlook outages.  Hang in there.  The problems will be resolved.  Also, we still like you! 
 Golf is scheduled for 2pm Saturday.  Lousy start time but evidently they have a tournament of some sort on Saturday morning.  Let me know if you can play or not.  It is only you and I.  Phone numbers are:  work 713.853.6177.  Home 281.320.1240.  Also please email your phone numbers for future reference.  No one has them. 
 Thanks but I will pass for now.  I wouldn't mind looking at some muni's with shorter maturity dates though.  I am concerned about long-term yields increasing which would mean bond prices decreasing.  Doesn't it make since to go with shorter maturity dates ri8ght now? 
 I understand.  Thanks for the update. 
 Go ahead and post the response to Gas Control issue, 
 It would be better if Scot contacted EBS directly about a meeting.  Kevin Hannon would be the right person.  Kevin is the President and COO.  I have no idea about whether they are in need of Spectrum's services or not.  Let me know when you plan to be in Dallas.  My daughter has a horse show (we own three Arabian Horses that she shows) in Fort Worth in mid June and I will try to get up there for at least some of it. 
 Unfortunately I am not going to be able to accept your generous offer to attend the Indy 500.  My wife and I have 1 year-old twins and I was hoping to get our Nanny to pull some week-end duty to help my wife with them as I went to the races.  Unfortunately I was not successful in doing that.  Leaving her to look after two infants while I attend the races didn't seem right.  Thanks for the invitation! 
 I am on for golf on Saturday if anyone is interested.  Tom, can you make the T time?  Saturday morning early is better for me.  830 to 9.:00 am start 
 This is to advise you that we have canceled next Wednesday's ETS Half Day Staff Meeting.    Our next meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, August 15, from 8:30AM to 1:00PM in 49C2.    We are taking a summer break to accommodate vacation schedules.  Don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or concerns with this notice.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Q2 earnings report looks very good!  Congratulations.  I will keep it quiet until you are sure of the numbers. We should let Causey and Hayslett know for planning purposes ASAP.  Given the recent events related to the proposed sale do you think it is even worth discussing the Benefits issue with Corporate?  Also, have we finalized all of the divestiture/retention deals?  Have a good week.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the report.  Anything you need help with?  Did all the compensation issues get resolved with Gary and you? 
 For your information.  I still think we can do better than this. 
 After returning home and reviewing the material handed out at the PGE business review, there are two areas that I think I need to understand better.  The first is PGE's energy positions going forward and the financial exposures to changing prices.  The second is the rate case.  I would be happy to return to Portland to get a more in depth review with a much smaller cast of players.  I am open to suggestions from you.  Given the status of the divestiture process, Jeff wants to make sure he (and subsequently I) have a good handle on these two important issues.  Thanks! 
 You and I need to sit down and discuss in some detail John Ale's contract and yours.  Let me know when a good time would be.  thanks 
 Sorry I am unable to attend but appreciate the invitation. 
 Good morning, Doris!   Stan is in DC today but will be back in the office tomorrow morning.   Would you allow us to get you comments by 9:00AM tomorrow?  Thanks, Cindy 
 Peggy, that all sounds very goo.  I will attempt to get educated first and then we will set up a meeting.  Thanks for being so cooperative. 
 Thanks for the note.  O agree these items Colin and you are looking could be good for both entities. 
 Just a reminder about tomorrow's meeting at the Houston Four Seasons Downtown Hotel from 1:00 to 3:00PM with John Somerhalder and others.   The meeting room has been changed to The Travis Room.  The dress attire for this meeting will be business casual.  Thanks, Cindy X36197 
 It was so nice to hear from you.  I am glad all is well.  I am glad the new home is being enjoyed and that you have a job that you like.  I am anxious to get the news of the birth of your new grandchild.  Please let us know as soon as possible after the Geraldine delivers.  Also let us know what hospital she is in where we can send an appropiate gift to mother and child.  My best to you and your family. 
 Anything I can do to help? 
 Rick Causey came to see me asking us to firm up our Q2 numbers.  Can we let Rick know that your Q2 numbers are likely to be up?  If so by how much? 
 This is to confirm a meeting tomorrow, May 15, from 2:00 to 3:00PM in Stan Horton's office, EB5020, to go over the Clean Fuels numbers.  Cindy 
 This is to advise you that we have canceled next Monday's (May 21) 9:15AM ETS Staff Meeting and will resume the following week on Tuesday (May 29) from 9:30 to 11:00AM in 49C2.  NOTE:  Next week, in the absence of our staff meeting, Stan would like you to send him (via electronic mail) brief, updated bullet points.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks, Cindy X36197 
 Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th.  Could you meet with her about 4:15pm at my office.  I will schedule a conference room for your meeting with Debbie.  Perhaps yopu could come around 3:45pm and I could go over any and all changes that I have on tem prior to your meeting with Debbie. 
 not interested.  thanks 
 Looks ok to me. 
 Thanks, John, I will add Sarita to my "cc" list.    And, yes, we'll get both you and Phil on Stan's calendar to go over the "Operations Alliances" topic...I will await their call to schedule.  Cindy 
 The Madera project in California should not be going forward.  We had a meeting whereby we all agreed to cancel this project.  Please get with John to see what is up. 
 Please refer to the memo from Billy Lemons, Steve Kean and me dated May 11 regarding 2001 Western Hemisphere Associate & Analyst PRC Program. 
 I just went through a restructuring of my portfolio with Morgan Stanley.  I think I am fine for now.  Thank you. 
 Approve. 
 Please handle. 
 Congratulations on getting the ROW extension with the Navajo Nation executed.  It was a long arduous process, but a job well done.  Thank you!  Stan 
 Corporate comp is relooking at your contract based on our converstion..ieyou would be entitled to severance payment eqyual to 2 year salary and bonus should you decide to leave the company provided that all or substantially all of the Azurix assts other than ?Wessex and Azurix Bu7enos Aires are sold.  I will meet with Jim Derrick today to discuss John Ale.  With regard to Beckett and Glasford; their agreements provide for retention bonuses provided they stay until September 16th.  If they voluntarily leave before that they get nothing.  There is no employment agreements in place that link anything to comparable positions titles or anything else.  Should we move them over to Enron in Director positions and they are subsequently offerred positions elsewhere in Enron ( once we dispose of non-Wessex and ABA assets) at Director positions, then they have a choice of  accepting those positions or voluntarily terminating.  Since there is no contractual agreements with these two I do not want to offer any kind of enhanced severance payments to them.  I have contacted Ben Glisan regarding Glasford and he is polling his people about their view on an appropiate placement for him.  I will talk with you when you return.  Thanks. 
 Just as I was getting well.  Anyone want to plat golf the Saturday after Thanksgiving?  I anm ready to resume play. 
 Peggy Fowler should have someone from PGE calling you.  If they don't please let me know. 
 I will be there/  Thanks. 
 I bought 5,000 units of Northern Border Partners at $39.56 with part of the proceeds.  The roughly $975K is correct.  Thanks.  Any ideas on the cash?  I was thinking about $800k in munis and $800k in S&P 500 index fund.  Your thoughts. 
 Please follow-up with Jeff as soon as possible.  Let me know when someone has contacted Jeff.  Thanks 
 Hello, Terry!    Are we still "holding" Wednesday, June 27, for the ETS Associate and Analyst Mid-Year 2001 PRC?  Stan Horton doesn't need to attend this EBS PRC, does he?  Thanks, Cindy 
 Thanks.  Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss' group have seen the financials before releasing to UBS. 
 Things are not always as they seem based on further due diligence. 
 I would be happy to meet with you.  Just call Cindy to set up a time. 
 This is more information than I think we need to supply.  Can we meet to discuss? 
 I will make the tee times and let you know.  Steve, I will include you and your wife for Sunday but please confirm if you can make it or not. 
 Hello, Shelley!     I just want to confirm that this speech is just a talking speech.    The word slides is used, and I just want to confirm that there are no 35mm slides involved....correct?  Cindy 
 I cannot play on Thursday but thanks for letting me know.  Could you check with Steve and his wife for their availability on Sunday.  I emailed him but wanted to make sure he got it.  Thanks. 
 I just now got a  reply that the email address Steve gave me does not work. I keep getting the mail returned.  I am usingDFSWTL@swbell.net.  Could you double check this with Steve for me?  Thanks. 
 I have no such studies. 
 Hello, Suzanne!   Stan Horton will attend in person.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Hello, Lisa!   I hope you are doing well!      Stan was wondering if you have invited any of Tammy's male co-workers....or is this shower just for us women?  Are any guys going to be there tomorrow? 
 Thanks, Earlene, for coordinating this. 
 This is to advise you that we will have next Tuesday's ETS staff meeting from 10:00 to 11:00AM in 49C2.    Since we will have only one hour, please be prepared to rapidly high-light only your key items for the week.  Thanks, Cindy 
 I will look into this myself. 
 Hello!    Stan asked that I advise you of Sunday's (May 27) golf details at Raveneaux Country Club, as follows:  Stan Horton Chris Gann Steve Westlund Julie Westlund  Tee time is 8:15AM on the Old Course off #1.  Don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks, Cindy (Stan's assistant) 713/853-6197 
 Hello, Steve!   Thanks for the alert!    I did just call the Pro Shop one more time and spoke with a young lady by the name of Ashley, and she confirms that you guys are slated to tee off on Sunday at 8:15AM on the Old Course off #1.  Hit  'em straight!  Cindy 
 test 
 Will do....have a great game! 
 I just wanted to make sure you guys know everything I do.  Actually this is somewhat bullish considering past legislative attempts. 
 Cindy double checked.  We are ok for 8:15 on Sunday 
 I would appriciate if you would send to me each week the PGE Position Report.  Also, at your convenience I would like to spend some time via telephone to run through the report to make sure I understand just what is being reported.  I'll have my assistant call to set-up the phone call early next week.  Also, to whom in Risk Management do you send the position report?  Thanks. 
 I am open for luch Wednesday and Thursday.  Let me know which fits your calendar the best.  DK did tell me about the Mark Marin tournament.  If your Mom saved the paper let me have it for reference.  Did you see the Sunday paper RE: the 100 highest paid executives in Houston?  Dad 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Astros tickets (4 tickets per game) for the month of June, for business (first preference) or personal use, as follows:  Friday, June 1, vs. LA @ 7:05PM Saturday, June 2, vs. LA @ 3:05PM Sunday, June 3, vs. LA @ 1:35PM Friday, June 15, vs. TEX @ 7:05PM Saturday, June 16, vs. TEX @ 3:05PM Sunday, June 17, vs. TEX @ 1:35PM Monday, June 18, vs. COL @ 7:05PM Tuesday, June 19, vs. COL @ 7:05PM Wednesday, June 20, vs. COL @ 7:05PM Thursday, June 21, vs. CIN @ 7:05PM Saturday, June 23, vs. CIN @ 7:05PM  Please note that game times are subject to change; please check local listings to verify.  Cindy 
 Tomorrow is best for me.  I will make reservations as Massas across the street.  Does that work for you.  Around 11:45? 
 Please see below information for Stan Horton.     Enron Technology 
 Peggy:  Considering where we are in the divestiture process, I don't think it is the right time to have PGE contract for and administer the Health and Welfare Benefits noted in your memo dated 04/20/01.  In addition, it is likely that a potential buyer would want PGE to come under its own Health and Welfare Benefits.  Switching now could entail having PGE employees being under three Plans in a relatively short period of time.  Stan 
 Shelly, we can do that but check with Cindy when she returns next week. 
 Thank you. 
 I am very happy for you.  It sounds as if everything in your life is going in the right direction.  I think you will enjoy working in the DC ofice and for Joe.  I am sure you will learn alt.  Also, thank you for remembering Jason and Jessica's 1 year birthday.  The designer T-shirts were great and they look really cute in them.  That was very thoughful of you to remember.  Good luck! 
 Stan has decided to cancel our December Half Day Staff Meeting, which was scheduled for December 14, 2000.  Thanks, Cindy 
 Sounds good. give me a call when you return.  Happy Thanksgiving to all. 
 Unfortunately I cannot play on Sunday.  We will try the following weekend. Thanks 
 Take it easy.  I tried to play last week at a company outing and can barely walk now.  It is hell getting old!!  Happy Thanksgiving. 
 I will attend in person.  Thanks 
 Lunch sounds great.  The question is when would be a good time.  Cindy is out this week but I will have her figure out a date. 
 My knee is killing me.  I am going to sue Dr. Frost!!  I just decided to go pretty easy on it for the next couple of weeks and see if it gets any better.  Talk with you tonight.  Bye the way Jessica is not doing well. DK is taking her to the doctor today.  I will let you know how she is tonight.  Dad 
 Shelley, we need to make sure Mike knows of all the ramifications of this entire deal.  I have no problem with them pursuing a regulatory approach to the quality issue but a commercial decision would be better for all parties. 
 Looks ok to me. 
 I am glad things are working out for you. 
 Six lousy weeks away from me and you go do something like this.  Now it will no more golf because you will have too many "honey do's" to do.  Just kidding.  That is great news.  Congratulations.  I can't wait to meet her.  When is the wedding date? 
 Apology accepted.  My feelings were hurt considering laning you the BMW, paying for dinner and washing and filling your car with gas!!  Love,  Dad 
 I do not think I will be able to do the conference call tomorrow.  Could you call me on Monday with further information on our panel? 
 Good morning.  I am at EOTT today and then I will go into to town for a little while.  Jessica is no9t doing very well and neither I am I.  Fell like I am coming down with something.  Talk with you later tonight.  Sorry I didn,t get to talk with you last night.  Both babies were real fussy and we had to work hard to get them down.  I did a pretty good job with Jason!  I look forward to you getting home for Turkey Day!  Dad 
 I recieved the same document.  If you would distribute it to the committee that would be appreciated.  I would think we might want to discuss it at the Board meeting prior to setting up another meeting with EEI.  What do you think?  I can see pros and cons of meeting with EEI prior to the next Board meeting.  Depending on the strawman I feel we are beginning to lose key support from the Board to work this matter.  Bill we need to get the Board to continue to follow him if we are to make progress. 
 Good morning.  Thanks for the yahoo greeting.  It made my day.  Have a great day.  Remember that Cathy and Carol's birthday is Nov. 30th.  I sent them a card and a $100 check to go out to dinner on us.  I signed it from all of us.  Hope you don't mind.  They would enjoy an email from you.  Love' Dad 
 Thanks for the strawman.  I would like to discuss it at our GISB Board meeting on December 7th.  Any problems with doing that?  We have distributed to the Board Committee only.  My initial reaction is there is alot we agree on but there is much we do not agree on.  Let me know about the Board meeting.  Also, this Board meeting will be my last as Chairman.  I do not know what role, if any, Bill Boswell  (the incoming Chairman) would like me to play in the future in this effort.  Stan 
 Good morning, Melody!   Following is Stan Horton's information:  1.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2.  Enron Transportation Services Company (formerly known as Enron Gas Pipeline Group) 3.  1400 Smith Street Suite EB5020 Houston, Texas  77002 4.  713/853-6177 5.  713/345-7047  Cindy Stark Exec. Asst. to Stan Horton 
 Stan Horton appreciates the invitation; however, he is unable to attend.  Cindy Stark Exec. Asst. to Stan Horton 
 Ken:  It is my understanding that we must get approval from the Office of the Chairman to utilize the company aircraft for personal use.  My family is holding a Holiday Reunion in Atlanta December 18-23.  Debbie and I would like to fly to Atlanta and back on Friday, December 22, with our children.  The twins, Jason and Jessica, are a little bit too young yet to try the commercial airlines, which is why I am requesting to use a company aircraft.  Of course, we would only secure a plane if it is NOT needed for business purposes that particular day and would be subject to company policy on all charges.  No problem if this doesn't work!  Stan 
 Stan would like to offer out the following Rockets' tickets (4 tickets per game) for preferably business first, then personal use:  Saturday, December 16, @ 7:30PM VS Denver Nuggets Thursday, December 21, @ 7:30PM VS Los Angeles Lakers Wednesday, December 27, @ 7:30PM VS Seattle Supersonics Saturday, January 6, @ 7:30PM VS Utah Jazz Tuesday, January 16, @ 7:00PM VS Toronto Raptors Wednesday, January 24, @ 7:30PM VS Philadelphia 76ers Friday, January 26, @ 7:30PM VS Vancouver Grizzlies  These tickets will be distributed on a first come, first served basis.  Cindy 
 Hello, Sharon!   Stan Horton is currently planning to attend this event.  Cindy 
 Agree.  Please handle at the Audit Committee meeting. 
 It should be the Chairman's choice but I would favor a Houston location. Also, please strongly consider having the Board meeting on Tuesday afternoon in lieu of the golf outing.  You might just get some Board members to attend at least one day of the annual meeting.  Stan 
 Hello, Dana!   The 1/24 tickets have already been spoken for, but you may certainly have the 12/21 tickets.   I'll mail them out to you soon.  Cindy 
 I am aiming for next wekend.  I need one more weekend to get the soreness out of my  knee which I messed up by playing too soon two weeks ago!  Thanks for asking. 
 Amanda:  Stan Horton is an Enron employee.   He is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Transportation Services Company and also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of EOTT Energy Partners, L.P.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  Thanks, Cindy Stark Exec. Assistant to Stan Horton 713/853-6197 
 Thanks for remembering their birthdays.  Drive carefully!!  See you sometime this weekend 
 I think we should try to keep alot of this out of oour emailfiles! 
 Based upon your representations I see no conflict and wish you well in your new job. 
 Please see attached.   Don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or concerns.  Stan 
 Hello, Rosie!   Stan has this on his calendar and will attend.  Have a great weekend, Cindy 
 Ditto.  Busy morning 
 It was the right answer for everybody.  Good luck and let me know if my group can be of any help!  Stan 
 Thank you for a very successful holiday party.  Debbie and I thoroughly enjoyed the evening.  Your hard work definitely paid-off for our entire organization.  I would like to host a lunch for the committee, after the holidays, as a way of thanking you.   I will have Cindy coordinate your schedules.  Thanks again, Stan 
 My condolences on the loss of your grandfather.  Please let us know if there is anything we can do.  Stan 
 You are beginning to realize that time goes by awfully fast and we had better enjoy what we are doing while we are doing it.  You never get another chance at today!!  End of my phiposophical analysis of life for tday!  You are welcome to the car.  I will try to bring it tonight or better still can your Mom bring you over to get it tomorrow.  Either way is ok.  Daddy 
 Steve indicated to me that Koch has a 50% interest in the company. 
 Thanks.  Seems like everyone had a good time.  Happy Holidays!! 
 A's always please me.  You seem to have applied yourself this semester and I am pleased.  Congratulations. 
 Thanks for the note.  My policy is that I do not interfere in the hiring practices of my direct reports other to ensure that ETS is complying with all Enron policies and procedures.  I suggest that you contact Jerry Martin, Phil Lowry and Gary Smith.  Good luck on your search!  Stan 
 Will do.  Thanks! 
 FYI....we have added Dan Dienstbier to the Northern Border Partners' Audit Committee.  SEC rules dictated that we add another member, and Dan Whitty and Gerald Smith wanted someone with an operations background.  Dan also serves on Dynegy's Board, but neither Bill Cordes (President of Northern Border) nor I saw a conflict.  Stan 
 I have asked Wilson Barbee t9o see if he can provide any assistance to you. I do hope you find something that meets your qualifications.  Thanks for keeping me updated.  Stan 
 I am at EOTT this morning.  Glad we early voted.  I think Bush has it and I don't think it will be that close.  Watch how Florida and Pennslylvania go. If they go Bush; its over.  If Gore wins these two states he has a chance if he takes Michigan.  Key states are Florida, Pennslylvania,and Michigan.  I am still hoping for a last minute Nader rally.  Sorry you don't feel well especially since this your your long day.  Good luck on your test.  I will be at the Rockets game tonight with tthe guys.  Email later this afternoon.  Love, Dad 
 Carol:  Thank you for the prompt.  The only times Stan has available for this conference call would be at 8:00AM tomorrow morning or 8:00AM Friday morning (central time).  Let us know what works.  Cindy 
 I can play on Sunday morning this week.  My eldest daughter has a Horse Show that I need to be at on Saturday.  Next week I could play either Saturday or Sunday.  Please let me know. 
 Looks ok 
 looks good 
 This looks ok to me. 
 I agree with Jim; it doesn't cost anything to listen. 
 I agree with most of this but have found from experience that if you give originators the freedom to pursue deals with little restrictions the deal flow improves dramatically.  For EOTT, we want to pursue acquisitions of energy assets period..  We do not need to limit ourselves to the crude oil business.  In fact a portfolio of assets would likely reduce the companies overall risk to crude prices. Second, we want to avoid any additional exposure to commodity prices. Therefore, fee based business structures are the best fit.  That would include pipeline acquisitions (crude, liquid, natural gas, CO2, etc) as well as fee based processing.  Non-qualified income based aquisitions are also ok as long as they are fee based-type deals 9IE..electric generation). Terminals are also an excellent acquistion for MLP,s.  Does this get to your issues?  Thanks 
 Who is playing on Sunday besides me! 
 A report would be fine.  You two are the experts. 
 I will see you at 9 am on Sunday.  I am looking forward to playing again and to seeing you after almost a month. 
 I am sorry that you don't feel well.  Sounds like you have a cold or flu bug.  Please go to the Health Center and get some antibiotics.  If you feel bad later in the week, make reservations to fly home this weekend and put the bill on the credit card.  I will check with your mom tonight to see how you are.  Love,  Your Daddy 
 Thank you for sending these reports to me.  They are informative and timely. By the way, did you get Randy Horton's power of attorney form?  She has asked me to invest some of her excess cash and I executed the form and thought she had mailed it in.  Please let me know.  Thanks to you and David for the outstanding service.  Stan 
 Good luck to you.  Hopefully I can get out there this afternnon and see you ride.  I love you.  Daddy 
 This looks good!  Thank you. 
 I heard you are scheduled for another interview.  Good luck. 
 Just a note to say Good Morning.  See you this afternoon at EOTT. Stan 
 The Board of Directors of GISB decided yesterday at their quarterly Board of Directors meeting to continue discussions with EEI and other interested groups regarding the formation of an Energy Standards Board.  Stan Horton, GISB's Chairman, stated "while there are many differences between the approaches advanced by GISB and EEI, there are also alot of similarities."   GISB is hoping to respond to the stawman advanced by EEI by the end of January. GISB is also seeking input from other interested industry segments on the two proposals which have been advanced thus far. 
 Thanks 
 Please just call Cindy Stark to get on my calendar.  I would warn you that I cannot see expending money for such a book since I do not see any value that would be added.  It would be nice to have but I was turning down painting projects on our pipeline that were in the $10k range during oour budget cycle!  Stan 
 Glad you finally made it!  Good luck on your Legal exam today.  Get some rest and start studying for Wednesday and Thursday exams.  The finish is close at hand.  Enjoyed taking you last night.  I like the time alone with you.  Saturday, I have a haircut at 2:30 so we can start shopping at 3 or go early and be done by noon.  Let me know and send me your Mother's list!  Dad 
 NADER!  NADER!  NADER! 
 Thank you! 
 There is sure alot of scheduled activity where there is no revised completion date or a note that it is completed.  Can we get an update? 
 This is to advise you that we will NOT have ET