 congrats.  that is good news.  what else is going on. 
 did you like the blond with the white sweater? 
 shawn is in town tonight and wants to get a bite to eat if you are up for it. 
 i will let you know.  i need to run after work. 
 email me back or just give me a call tonight. 
 what are you doing at work so early?  i am already pumped to go out this weekend.  fri was bad for susan and eric.  they were the only one doing shots.  everyone else was fairly sober and just hanging out.  it was pretty discusting.  let's hit the town this weekend.  maybe even thurs.  how was dc?  i heard that place is a blast. 
 ok.  i will take it. 
 are you guys using all your tickets?  i can buy one today if you guys are using yours.  probably a good idea for me to buy it anyway.  i think that i am going in sat morning. 
 yeah bra 
 i got a ticket.  fucking girlfriends.  girls hate football. 
 you're already in love. 
 are your boys ready to get rolled sat. night? 
 are you going in town for the lsu game this weekend? 
 i heard dc is fun.  i don't care what we do.  we were talking about going to boone's sat and hang out on his porch and drink before we go out.  i think he has a patio in his backyard. 
 greatest email ever 
 we are going in saturday.  thanksgiving was great.  i played golf all weekend.  how was yours.  i really appreciate you sending that resume on.  did you get this reply earlier?  my cpu keeps blowing up. 
 what is it.  i got to know.  i need some new chicks.  i need the weekend.  today totally sucks.  what are some good books to read? 
 no, but i saw that they won tonight.  it was close.  is sakic going to be ok? 
 i thought you were going to say you thought of the witty comeback the next morning when you both woke up. 
 ditto.  work is it.  i am going to vegas this weekend, so i got that going for me. 
 i bought my ticket.  i arrive on that saturday @ 12:20pm.  i will email grandma. 
 hey grandma.  how is it going?  i just purchased my ticket for grand forks today.   i get in on saturday the 9th @ 12:20pm.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone.  love matt 
 what is grandma's email address? 
 i just ordered my ticket about 5 minutes ago.  i arrive in fargo on the 9th at 12:20 pm.  the ticket was $430.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone.  i think it will be fun.  i am going to bring my clubs.  i have a new golf swing after a lesson i took a few weeks ago.  hope all is well.  thanks for picking up the bill for my ticket.  i really appreciate it.  love matt 
 i hope this isn't a pic of a naked old man again.  what has been going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while. 
 you didn't have fun at the small town wedding?    i had to go to one in mississippi this weekend.  it was actually fun.   vegas was two weekends ago.  that was a blast.  work covered everything so i lived like a rock star that weekend.  where are you moving?  maybe we can get drinks or something this week. 
 did they look good or lucky to win?  how is roy playing? 
 you said the line worked well and when i first started reading that i was like "hey now!".  you never know.  you could be a wild woman on vacation if you never have to see those people again. 
 why would you shoot yourself?  chicks go home with guys all the time. 
 that is good 
 why not?  you don't like those things?  you get penis straws and everything. 
 how was your wedding? 
 i went to val's wedding.  it was a blast.  how did a wedding get busted by the cops?  what type of people went to this thing? 
 next week is good for me.  let 's just go get a drink after work or something.  who is your new roommate going to be? that sucks you have to waste a saturday moving. 
 this is still my email.  what is going on?  how is your business doing? 
 i think i met a few of your friends that night, but i don't remember who is who.  it seems like such a long time ago. any time is good for me next week.  let's get together on tuesday?  let me know if that is good for you. 
 nice.  i knew that would be a better choice.  saturday night is on dog.  we are going to golf sat also if you are in.  let me know.  tee time is at 11. 
 745 sucks.  we will hit it sat night. 
 that was a mistake.  i don't know what i was thinking.  i need to stay home. 
 i cannot go to denver the last week of may b/c i have to be here for work.  the last week is when we set gas prices for the next month.  i think the best thing for me to do is come to phoenix one weekend.  i have been golfing lately.  i got a lesson and the teacher gave me a new swing.  i am kind of struggling with it now.  i think it will take me to the next level.  i will try to call you and grandma this weekend.  matt 
 i am going with work.  another boondoggle. 
 he went home already.  we went to dinner mon & tues.  i am just going to chill this week and party on saturday, maybe even friday a little.  are you going out tomorrow? 
 enron would probably do something like this, but i think you need to contact that charity group.  they might already have a team.  it is good to see that you are such a philanthropist. 
 you going to golf or go play ultimate dork frisbee? 
 i have a tee time for sat @ 11.  let me know if you think you can play today.  the course is sienna plantation. 
 saturday is definately on.  fri i am up for whatever.  maybe happy hour and turn in before 2am for once. 
 Coach Jim Haslett had put together the perfect New Orleans Saints team. The only thing he was missing was a good quarterback.  He had scouted all the colleges, and even the high schools, but he couldn't find a ringer quarterback who could ensure a Super Bowl win.  Then one night, while watching CNN, he saw a war-zone scene in Bosnia. In one corner of the screen, he spotted a young Bosnian soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand grenade straight into a 15th-story window 200 yards away --ka-boom!  "I've got to get this guy!"  Haslett said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings the kid to the New Orleans and teaches him the great game of football, and the Saints go on to win the Super Bowl for the first time in history.  The young Bosnian is "canonized" as the Great Hero of football, and when Haslett asks him what he wants, all the young man wants to do is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl." "I don't want to talk to you," the old woman says. "You deserted us.  You are not my son." "I don't think you understand, Mother!" the young man pleads. "I just won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No, let me tell you," the mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives yesterday, and today your sister was kidnapped in broad daylight." The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says " ...I'll never forgive you for making us move to New Orleans." 
 > Two buddies, Tony and Steve, are getting very drunk  > at a bar  > when suddenly Steve throws up all over himself. "Oh,  > no. Now Jane will  > kill me!"  Steve says.  >  >  Tony says, "Don't worry, pal. Just tuck a twenty in  > your breast  >  pocket, tell Jane that someone threw up on you and  > gave you twenty dollars  > for the dry cleaning bill."  >  >  So they stay for another couple of hours and get  > even drunker.  >  >  Eventually Steve rolls into home and his Jane  > starts to give him  > a bad time. "You reek of alcohol and you've puked  > all over yourself! My  > God, you're disgusting!"  >  >  Speaking very carefully so as not to slur, Steve  > says,  >  "Nowainaminit,  >  I can e'splain everything! Itsh not what you think.  > I only had a  > couple drinks. But this other guy got sick on me...  > he'd had one too many  > and he just couldn't hold his liquor. He said he was  > very sorry an' gave  > me twenty bucks for the cleaning bill!"  >  >  Jane looks in the breast pocket and says, "But this  > is forty bucks."  >  > "Oh, yeah... I almos' forgot, he shit in my pants,  > too." 
 he is a winner.  kansas might turn into a 6 win a year program with cooper there. 
 yeah.  i think they will go to the rose bowl. 
 i am at the venitian.  i am going to stay in the rainman suite.  should be a good time.  i can load up and get some hookers and just have an old fashioned good time.  it is a good stress relief. 
 the joke reminds everyone of suzy b/c she drinks a lot. 
 rohan davey 
 you better be able to golf tomorrow. 
 you obviously haven't seen my new swing.  you need to be on your best game to take my title. 
 totally 
 nope 
 i bet your teeth are on strike too b/c all the bile in your stomach is eating them up after you threw up for 2 hours 
 all i know is we can never go back to teala's.  i don't want to get banned at front porch also SUSAN! 
 especially since boone bought some weed from the waiter 
  susan forgot to reply to all.  i think this was directed at you bass.   susan said: why the heck am I getting all the crap on this one....I'm not the one who came back to the table with puke on myself. 
 i am just kidding.  i wouldn't ever pay for it.  anyway i am going with people from work so it woulnd't look to good if i was bringing hookers into my room. 
 what about when he was gargaling puke trying to say " i am a trader at enron" 
 i think we should wait in line at the grasshopper next time so we don't waste our night.  we will know for next weekend. 
 what is up with the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again? 
 how was moving this weekend?  did you still want to get a drink after work tomorrow? 
 this is their last hope 
 how was happy hour?  i was golfing when you called and i didn't get the message until late. 
 if they don't win i read that they are going to break up the team 
 they have to be worried about you in ebs if you come in to work hung over on mondays 
 it is a good work out for you to move up 3 flights of stairs.  did you move it all yourself or pay someone to do it?   mi luna is good for me tomorrow.  i love their ritas.  how about we go around 7.  i can pick you up or just meet you there if you are going straight from work. 
 just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me. 
 6:30 is fine with me.  i will meet you at the bar. 
 have you guys reserved a room for caymen yet?   i heard the comfort suites is where everyone is staying.  let me know if you guys just want to load everyone up in one room like back in high school. 
 comfort suites is like $800 total for 4 nights.  cheap as it gets down there.  i was just thinking we would all pile in and save some money.  only condition is that ryan doesn't go on a booze cruise and piss on himself. 
 i think they sell tickets for that dude's concert at the hollywood food store around the corner from my house. 
 that actually works out better for me.  i will meet you at mi luna at 7.  that is the place in the village correct? 
 i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon" 
 i think they have two rooms with two double beds in each.  jen knows the details, but i heard we need to make reservations within the next week. 
 7:30 is good. 
 let me know what is up after you speak with her 
 did you call my cell last night? 
 he is a mo 
 i don't have it, but shoot him an email and he will give you a call. 
 i spoke with him this weekend and the place he mentioned was comfort suites.  it would be $200/each for the whole week if 4 were in a room.  a condo would most likely be more expensive. 
 jen has a lot of cougar friends who will be ready to party. 
 we sold this gas for these volumes to ees for index +0.16. 
 hell yeah dog!  they betta be ready to get up on deez nuts. 
 did you take his v-card?  i don't think i ever dated one.  i like my women fast. 
 oy vey 
 i was going to talk about all the dope he used to do and how he used to wear make up in middle school. 
 >"You Were an Accident!" > > > > > >"Strangers Have the Best Candy" > > > > > >"The Little Sissy Who Snitched" > > > > > >"Some Kittens Can Fly!" > > > > > >"Getting More Chocolate on Your Face" > > > > > >"Where Would You Like to Be Buried?" > > > > > >"Kathy Was So Bad Her Mom Stopped Loving Her" > > > > > >"The Attention Deficit Disorder Association's Book of Wild Animals of > > >North Amer... Hey!  Let's Go Ride Our Bikes!" > > > > > >"All Dogs Go to Hell!" > > > > > >"The Kids' Guide to Hitchhiking" > > > > > >"When Mommy and Daddy Don't Know the Answer They Say 'God Did It'" > > > > > >"Garfield Gets Feline Leukemia" > > > > > >"What Is That Dog Doing to That Other Dog?" > > > > > >"Why Can't Mr. Fork and Ms. Electrical Outlet Be Friends?" > > > > > >"Bi-Curious George" > > > > > >"Daddy Drinks Because You Cry" > > > > > >"Mister Policeman Eats His Service Revolver" > > > > > >"You Are Different and That's Bad" > > > > > >"Dad's New Wife... Timothy" > > > > > >"Pop!  Goes The Hamster (and Other Great Microwave Games)" > > > > > >"Testing Homemade Parachutes With Nothing At All But Your Household > > Pets" > > > > > >"The Hardy Boys, the Barbie Twins and the Vice Squad" > > > > > >"The Tickling Babysitter" > > > > > >"Babar Meets the Taxidermist" > > > > > >"Curious George and the High-Voltage Fence" > > > > > >"The Boy Who Died from Eating All His Vegetables" > > > > > >"Start a Real-Estate Empire With the Change From Your Mom's Purse" > > > > > >"The Pop-up Book of Human Anatomy" > > > > > >"Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will!" > > > > > >"The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and are Shot Dead" > > > > > >"How to Become The Dominant Military Power In Your Elementary School" > > > > > >"Controlling the playground: Respect through Fear" > > > 
 thanks for the thank you note  asshole 
 i heard there are a lot of hot cougars at changs 
 remember that shirley sent this to me.  it is funny but gross. 
 how was hawaii dog?  did you leave the room? 
 are you guys going to send something special?  how about some stripper's pa= nties from the bachelor party?  any news on caymen rooms? 
 why are you staying with her parents?  won't that kill some of your fun?  how good was the deal? 
 you partied it up at jazz fest?  i still have never been.  who did you go there with? 
 yeah i will be in town this weekend.  i have something to go to fri but i will definately be out on saturday.  what are you doing? 
 i think she is one of jen's cougar friends.  that is such a chick thing to do. 
 read the bottom of the email with some chicks idea as a gift 
 i am sure that girl courtney walker would like to share some special memories also 
 sure.  you buy something and let me know how much i owe 
 so i got us a hotel room in caymen.  it can sleep up to six and it is $880 for the three nights.  if all 5 of us stay there that is 176/ea.  we have it for thurs-sat night. 
 jen's dad better buy a bunch of booze.  and the schrutt's better take us somewhere nice for the rehersal dinner.  and jen's friends better put out. 
 what is the date of the party 
 i tried to watch it but i couldn't stay awake.  it didn't start here until 9 and i have to get up at 5 so it is to hard to stay up.  how did they look?  st. louis has had a good rest so it should be interesting to watch them in that series.  i will watch the next series b/c it will probably be on tv at a normal time. 
 oh yeah.  he doesn't sound like a lot of fun - if you catch my drift.  what are you guys doing for the bachelorette party?  if you need entertainment i might be for hire.  i would totally give those chicks a thrill. 
 what  time is golf for? 
 does anyone have a picture of max when he used to walk around and flex his pecs? 
 i will be there 
 that does sound gay 
 season over 
 i am ready to take some more of your money out there 
 he is there best player 
 oops 
 if i could get a guaranteed contract plus tips i would skip the trip.  remember how great my legs would look dancing all over the chicks. 
 i have to go to a dinner tonight, but i will meet up with you guys at the grasshopper if you want.  we need to check that joint out.  call me on my cell and we will hit it. 
 didn't you go to grasshopper last night 
 was it any good 
 let's meet up at grasshopper 
 i thought that you said you were sharing a suite with them.  thanks for the pics. 
 i would but i am going to the spa 
 whatever gillette.  i will be feeling all loose and relaxed while i am whooping it up at the grasshopper tonight. 
 everyone who is anyone will be there. 
 i will be the prettiest at the grasshopper 
 meeting up with boone and luis and whoever.  if the broker goes we will just get some free drinks.  date went well.  i had a good time. 
 did you just get that reply? 
 are you going out this weekend?  i think you said you had a wedding to go to or something?     were you hurting on wednes morning? 
 i thought that you were going 
 yeah baby!   that place is gonna rock 
 i don't know.  i am going to golf sunday morning at the woodlands which is very nice.  i don't want to be real hung over, but i still might go out.  tonight i am definately going out. 
 i felt fine.  i woke up at 5am to work out.  i guess you are just a candy ass.  just kidding.  i have a dinner to go to tonight with some broker then i am heading downtown.  i will give you a call this weekend.  have fun at the wedding. 
 i tried to call yesterday, but you guys were not home.  i did speak with grandma and grandpa.  grandpa sounded really bad.  i am a little worried after speaking with him.  he sounded to tired to even speak.  i think i need to get out to phoenix to see them soon. 
 give me a call from dc when you get a chance.  love matt 
 i felt like a champ on sat 
 i didn't do all those shots with boone 
 Derek-  Here is the notice that was sent out by PG&E on Friday.  This notice would not allow cycle 4 gas to flow. 
 we need to pass on penalties to counterparties who cut us on gas day of may 11.  many counterparties are swinging on eol deals, so  going foward we are going to rank those counterparties to take the cuts.  as far as this deal goes, the problems incurred were due to logistical issues.  we did rerank wild goose for cycle 4, but pg&e did not allow for renoms on this cycle. 
 did you call for me at work today? 
 did you call me today at work 
 how was your wedding on saturday? 
 i can't remember if i sent these to you guys or not    >"You Were an Accident!" > > > > > >"Strangers Have the Best Candy" > > > > > >"The Little Sissy Who Snitched" > > > > > >"Some Kittens Can Fly!" > > > > > >"Getting More Chocolate on Your Face" > > > > > >"Where Would You Like to Be Buried?" > > > > > >"Kathy Was So Bad Her Mom Stopped Loving Her" > > > > > >"The Attention Deficit Disorder Association's Book of Wild Animals of > > >North Amer... Hey!  Let's Go Ride Our Bikes!" > > > > > >"All Dogs Go to Hell!" > > > > > >"The Kids' Guide to Hitchhiking" > > > > > >"When Mommy and Daddy Don't Know the Answer They Say 'God Did It'" > > > > > >"Garfield Gets Feline Leukemia" > > > > > >"What Is That Dog Doing to That Other Dog?" > > > > > >"Why Can't Mr. Fork and Ms. Electrical Outlet Be Friends?" > > > > > >"Bi-Curious George" > > > > > >"Daddy Drinks Because You Cry" > > > > > >"Mister Policeman Eats His Service Revolver" > > > > > >"You Are Different and That's Bad" > > > > > >"Dad's New Wife... Timothy" > > > > > >"Pop!  Goes The Hamster (and Other Great Microwave Games)" > > > > > >"Testing Homemade Parachutes With Nothing At All But Your Household > > Pets" > > > > > >"The Hardy Boys, the Barbie Twins and the Vice Squad" > > > > > >"The Tickling Babysitter" > > > > > >"Babar Meets the Taxidermist" > > > > > >"Curious George and the High-Voltage Fence" > > > > > >"The Boy Who Died from Eating All His Vegetables" > > > > > >"Start a Real-Estate Empire With the Change From Your Mom's Purse" > > > > > >"The Pop-up Book of Human Anatomy" > > > > > >"Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will!" > > > > > >"The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and are Shot Dead" > > > > > >"How to Become The Dominant Military Power In Your Elementary School" > > > > > >"Controlling the playground: Respect through Fear" > > > 
 i wasn't that drunk on saturday.  i was just joking.  i felt great on saturday.  like a champ.  people get married younger than you?  wow.  what the hell do they do if they get married that early? 
 i had to wake up early on sunday so i didnt feel like going.  were there a lot of hotties? 
 i will be here on fri night, but sat i am going to tim's engagement party.  i think i will be out on fri. 
 i am here dog 
 yeah, paincourtville, la.  i don't know where the fuck that is. 
 i will be watching.  have fun 
 test 
 when are you riding into baton rouge?  sat or fri? 
 1400 smith st. houston, tx 77002-7361 
 did chad hit you up to live with him? 
 if you leave on sat i will ride with you guys 
 i thought that was your area code.  kind of freaked me out.  you can be a little crazy sometimes.  just kidding.  don't mess with texas is good.  it is about to get really hot here.  we reserved a room at comfort suites.  i think that is where everyone is staying in the caymens?  i am looking foward to it.  should be a blast.  when is the bachelorette party?  what are you guys going to do? 
 i just looked at the prices for flights to cayman and they run around $600.  this is going to cost over $1000.  start saving now. 
 i knew you would bag me again!  if you have to work there is nothing you can do about that.  i am going to baton rouge on saturday for an engagement party.  i will probably go out on friday.  when do you get back from chicago?  give me a call and maybe we can do something next week. 
 i heard they might move the wedding to miami 
 i am up for it.  should be a good weekend to live it up. 
 memorial weekend = booze + golf + sluts 
 i think miami would be more fun than cayman.  cayman is really laid back.  miami = hot sluts 
 i don't know for sure but that is what one of jen's friends said.  i didn't know if you guys had heard that or not.  don't bring it up if max hasn't mentioned it.  i think miami would be a lot more fun. 
 she called me.  she keeps in touch with me.  she spilled the beans on the plans to move the wedding.  i think if we went to cayman we would spend over a grand each.    miami will rock. 
 does miami suck?  i haven't ever been there.  i have been to caymans and they are awesome.  it is really laid back and very expensive.  either place will be fun, i just think miami  will be a better night life. 
 i just want to meet some models down there.  i don't hang out at discos thought, but if i was in miami i guess i would.  i think i would need some new clothes b/c all i wear is polos and khakis. 
 i think i will wear a suit with a t-shirt like sonny crocket 
 merlin can be captain castillo 
 mini me 
 or the peck from the movie willow 
 are you and celeste going to br on fri or sat 
 nice 
 "how they met" brought tears to my eyes 
 does this have nudity? 
 what time do you want to leave tomorrow?  around noon? 
 TOTALLY 
 i have to hold off until vegas.  my liver is sore from this past weekend.  i have to go home and nurse it at night. 
 this weekend i had to go to baton rouge for an engagement party.  i am going to stay in town this weekend.  i might try to go tubing or something like that.  what did you do this weekend?  are you in town for memorial day? 
 i am not dating her.  i only went out with her a few times.  i doubt we will go out again.  how about you?  have you been dating a lot lately? 
 sure.  we can probably get out there and play at 3. 
 do you think the avs will close out the blues tonight?  they haven't looked too good the last two games. 
 i am not that picky.  she is nice it just didn't work out well.  we had fun  it just hasnt took off.  one of those deals. 
 is it still snowing? 
 what did you do this weekend?  i gave you a shout on fri to go out.  you didn't miss much.  we went to the grasshopper and that joint sucks.  it is really cheesy. 
 shooters. 
 Melba-  Here is a list of the companies that we would like to have access to the physical PG&E Topock product:  Enserco Energy, inc. Reliant Energy Services, Inc Duke Energy Trading and Marketing, LLC Aquila Energy Marketing Corp Aquila Risk Management Corp Arizona Public Service Company BP Amoco Corp BP Energy Co Calpine Energy Services LP Coast Energy Canada, Inc Coral Energy Resources, LP El Paso Merchant Energy, LP Enron Energy Services, INc Enserco Energy Inc Mirant Americas Energy Marketing LP PG&E Energy Trading- Gas Corp Sierra Pacific Power Company Tractebel Energy Marketing INc TransCanada Gas Services TXU Energy Trading Company USGT/Aquila LP Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company PanCanadian Energy Services AEP Energy Services Avista Energy Inc Western Gas Resources Sacramento Municipal Utilities Division PG&E Core (no credit) Nevada Power  There might be a few more companies to add in the future.  I will get back to you if we need to update the list.  Please let me know how quickly these changes will in place.  Thank you for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 let me check with him and see what night would be good for him to go up.  we are golfing on fri so sat might be a better time to get up there.  i will let you know. 
 did you get chad's email?  i would rather go up next weekend.  i will go up this weekend if you are up for it, but if not i think we need a good excuse. 
 did you see the article in the journal where cali's attorney general said he wants to lock up ken lay (ene's chairman) in a prison cell with a cell mate? 
 next sat might be better.  i don't think mitch is gonna be able to make it and everyone was out of town last weekend.  let's do it next sat if you are in town. 
 i told him i didn't think you could make it on sat and that we were both out of town last weekend so we would head up the following sat. 
 call me again when you get a chance.  i lost your number 
 you think this weekend will be more packed than next?    let's just do it next weekend.  that way mitch and i can both head in.  tim might be able to make it then also. 
 what does that mean? 
 we might have a cook out or something on sat.  if that is the case i will let you know. 
 no thanks.  what aabout the happy hour with the hottie? 
 for easter i just stayed in town and golfed all weekend?  what did you do?  did you go to central and regulate some punks.  what are you doing this weekend?  i am going to vegas.  i haven't been home at all this month except for last weekend.  i have to go to buttfuck mississippi next weekend for a wedding. 
 i think chad is pissed we aren't going to austin.  he sent me a message that said " u snooze u lose".  what the fuck is that? 
 i said i would go next weekend. 
 yeah.  i couldn't get an opp to  talk to her. did you know her 
 the product number for pg&e topock is 47085.   the correct company name for transcanada is the division of transcanada.  thanks for your help.  matt 
 yep.  i was going to try and talk to her but she was reading and listening to a walkman.  i was sweating like a freak when i was running.  probably scared her.  it looked like i was evaporating. 
 i'm bout it 
 luis - you love heating oil 
 nevermind.  so why didn't you think that girl was the type i go for last night?  how was the game? 
 do you like the avs chances?  i think it should be an awesome series. 
 the sitara deal looks correct 
 val is getting married there.  his fiance, celeste, is from there.  mississippi is so cool. 
 i think i have montezuma's revenge 
 i have a type and she fits it.  you obviously didn't know who she was.  so is your boss going to make you take out her son? 
 she looks like she fits it 
 how is your face doing?  is the swelling going down? 
 memorial all packed up.  we can go out there and just try to get on.  hopefully around 2:30.  maybe you can get out early and get our names on. 
 you up for golf tomorrow 
 me you and val tomorrow 
 it is on espn so that won't work.  if i was you i just wouldn't go.  just hit the dinner. 
 whatever.  ride would be good. 
 i got your jacket from bass 
 i am going to hell for that one 
 yeah i know, but admit you laughed. 
 do you want to send your resume to enron again?  they are on a big kick to hire some new people.  might be worth your while just to take a look and  see how it compares. 
 i got your message but i need to work 
 my bad man.  i got your message around 930 and i went to bed after that.  let's hook up with them this weekend.  what is up for tonight?  i say we hit club no minor on sat and then uropa.  we need to tear it up some. 
 i am up for a few drinks tonight.  maybe lz's or something laid back.  i want to feel like a champ tomorrow. 
 do you guys want to hit el patio early on saturday and get some blue ritas and then head over to uropa?  that would be a good night to go tear it up completely. 
 means you got a lot of ammo 
 i booked my flight home on june 30th.  i arrive that afternoon and leave to houston on the 7th.  so have the frig packed with food and beer and be ready to golf.  looking foward to getting home.  love matt 
 lets definately play tomorrow. 
 call me later.  let's get some drinks some where laid back and try to meet some honeys.  let's go to lz or something. 
 i will.  so what did you guys do to stay up until 7am on sunday night? 
 i will invite you to be my caddie.  you can carry my clubs and clean them for me.  if you do a good job i will give you a crisp $5 bill. 
 i guess i am going up there saturday.  i think i will try to take it easy on friday.  i can  definately tell that i am not 18 anymore b/c i cannot recover at all. i am also going broke going out. 
 so what did you and lisa do until 7am loverboy? 
 send your resume and i will get it to the right people. 
 nintendo doesn't count for your handicap.  how about the avs.  that was the most impressive game they have played all post season. 
 nevermind 
 sorry about that.  we were running so late and we couldn't find green.  we did turn south and drove around until 12:30 and figured we were too late.  i figured your phone died.  we ended up at memorial and i played like shit.  i was so dead from the night before.  i should have slept all day.  we can tee them up sometime soon. 
 i think that is a scam to have you send it around 
 i remember you.  i was pretty drunk though.  hopefully i didn't make too much of an ass out of myself.  we hit it really hard that night for my buddy's birthday.  how was your bachelorette party?  are you back in austin now? 
 who sings that song "harley davidson of a bitch"?  i think you said it was elo or something. 
 i am excited to watch it.  so you got a promotion at work?  that is good news.  what is your new job going to be? 
 my friends are liars.  this past weekend was an anomaly.  it isn't bad to go out and party like a rock star every now and then.  i will be in austin this saturday night, so maybe we can get together in austin.  we will probably be at it pretty hard again.  i have a friend coming in from new orleans so he will want to hit 6th street. 
 lets head up to austin on saturday night.  i got an email from that girl at the black swan.  she lives in austin but will be at a wedding on sat. 
 i will be in nd.  i think my plane lands 10 min. after yours.  avs got worked last night.  i don't have a good feeling about the series now.  they had no answer for the defense. 
 i think i can make it tonight but tomorrow night the hockey game is on.  i need the  range.  just send your resume when you get a chance.  enron is looking for a ton of people. 
 i haven't watched them at all.  every time i try to watch hockey they are not on.   i am gonna watch their next series.  who are they gonna play? 
 i just don't know if they can ever handle that defense.  they didn't make any good adjustments in the 3rd period. 
 i forgot you had a wedding.  i don't go up to austin all that much.  i usually stay down here and go out.  where do you work up there again?  i am sure you told me, but i forgot.  where are the good places to hang out?  is it 4th st? 
 you think houston is the armpit of the world?  i love it hear.  the weather sucks in the summer, but other than that it is a blast.  so you do work for strip clubs huh?  that is interesting.  what is your stripper name? 
 i live inside the loop here and usually don't leave unless i have to golf.  outside of the loop is pretty ugly.  which part of houston did you grow up in? 
 i think hoskina is having a going away happy hour, but after that i am not doing anything.  i need to watch hockey. 
 your mama 
 prompt month is out there.  it is nwpl rox. 
 i went to high school in denver.  i have only lived here for 2 years.  no wonder you hate houston.  there is nothing up in north houston. 
 i went to denver east.  have you heard of it?  i haven't heard of your friends that work here.  i like working here.  it is pretty exciting on the trading floor.  are you guys going out tomorrow night after the rehersal dinner. 
 i don't remember the bet 
 i will be in town.  i have a dinner to go to at 6:30, but i am going out after that.  you should give me a call.  i think you have my cell phone number right? 
 this is correct. 
 i don't get it 
 austin tomorrow.  you in 
 i guess it didn't come through 
 this girl has clothes on 
 i am going to a broker dinner at capitol grill.  i am going to head out afterwards.  i will give you a call later. 
 you should just put 5000 on the lakers.  you wont make 5k but you will definately make $$$ 
 are you hurting this morning?  my lifestyle has to change within the next 5 years or i will be dead. 
 i arrive in fargo  at 12:20 from minneapolis on flight 1051. see you soon. 
 Stephanie-  I manage a restricted gas product on EOL.  The product is PG&E Topock # 51408.  I need to add Occidental Energy Trading and TXU Energy Marketing to the list of counterparties that have access to this product.  If you could notify me when they have been added I would appreciate it.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 oh it is going great.  so great to hear from you.  how is everything at the top of the building? 
 i know that when you get really mad at me it is only b/c you care..................so......................much 
 yeah.  i sent it in this morning. 
 what is going on?  so is the wedding in miami now?  do i need to buy some club clothes for south beach? 
 Astra Power also needs to be added to this product 
 i will send it to the right people today 
 i need to call that girl tonight.  you have got to give them a few days before you call.  i wanted to take her out thurs but the stanley cup is on.  maybe fri is better.  take your girl out then and we can meet up later for drinks. 
 thank you for your help 
 i feel like a champ today 
 i will let you know tomorrow.  i leave sat morning so fri would be perfect.  i think six days is kind of trendy so i am going 4 days. 
  this is that invite.  are you going to hit this tomorrow?  i will stop by. 
 i am with ya dog 
 i will be pissed if i can walk out of this party 
 i am definately bringing back some talent to the stabbin cabin 
 i am gonna drink like a kennedy 
 have you heard back from enron? 
 what do you think of the avs chances tonight?  don't forget your clubs. 
 i will let you out of the bet for $20 
 i am gonna drink like boone 
 your past few months have been just as bad.  at least i didn't close uropa b/c i was puking in the bathroom. 
 let's definately go next thurs.  i didn't hit it either b/c the hockey game was on.  did you get a date for tonight?  i am going out with one of those p.t.s.  let me know and maybe we can meet up. 
 i should have given you some cards to pass out to the hotties. 
 i thought you said you were gonna get that clam back to the stabbin cabin 
 no it is nice.  i shouldn't have any problems. 
 how was the weekend?  did i miss anything on saturday night for halloween? 
 give me a call 
 mack brown lost in austin to north carolina st. 
 famous vassigh quotes:  "pass the butter" "you gonna finish that?" "if loving this cake is wrong, i don't want to be right" "i can eat twice as much of this ice cream b/c it is fat free" "food in lousyana is overrated.  texas food rules" "texas biscuts rule the world" "i like my cookies texas size" "don't mess with texas banana splits" 
 i did watch a lot yesterday, but i was tired and slept most of the time. 
 i thought we would win.  they suck.  i hate football. 
 the law student was the replacement b/c the real one was such a fuck up.  sorry i didn't call you guys back last  night.  i didn't get home until 8 and the sopranos was on. 
 i don't remember half of that night, but i do remember you in the bathroom.  sierra is fun on wednesdays isn't it? 
 everyone was pissed cause we lost.  what did you do this weekend? 
 it was ok.  we went to the lsu game and lsu lost so we came home that night.  what did you do this weekend? 
 just messing with you. 
 i am not fighting with you at all.  you are just grilling me.  you are an angry person. 
 i was sober and i remember how it went down.  i said one rude thing in the car and that was it.  you were just going nuts and wouldn't let it die.  you kept flipping out on me. 
 only one thing i said was rude, which i apologized for, and you wouldn't let it die.  most of the stuff was started by you.  you were just venting frustration you weren't able to communicate when you're sober. 
 you kept rolling back over and laying into me.  you are the one who said you wished i was dead.  you went crazy.  you were pissed all night.  you were venting on a soap box for about 2 hours. 
 i was being nice.  you kept starting it and then blaming it on me.  you were going nuts. 
 you were letting me have it.  i deserved some of it b/c i made some bad jokes, but overall you were pretty brutal.  i think i am heading to baton rouge for the game this weekend instead of partying for halloween. 
 you still mad at me?  you were pissed last night. 
 by the way, my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday. 
 call me.  i cant find your number through the operator. 
 i think i am going to go to the game. 
 actually they are not looking at us.  some of our lawyers defended revlon.  i heard it wrong. 
 i dont know but we would be the prettiest in the industry. 
 sorry i had to run last night.  so the word is now that enron has about 4 or 5 companies looking to take us over.  aol, lucent, revlon?, and a few others.  i will give you a call later. 
 who told you if you look good with hair you will look good without it?  that sounds like a george costanza.  hair is important to women under 45.  i wish i could make this ski trip and see you in action again, but south beach calls. 
 read this article.  it is a little dramatic. 
 i think we are now going to r&r.  boone has free passes. 
 i heard saturday, but that looks like it is the following sat.  that would work out perfect.  i am ready to tear it up. 
 who is better for the avs to play?  what has been going on in denver? 
 i think the only way to burn it on my cpu is download it and then burn it.  what is xp? 
  this is the group throwing the party at r&r sat night.  check some of the photos at the link at the bottom.  lots of hotties. 
 i think i am going to dress up as a chippendale stripper.  i am going to oil myself up and go out in a thong. 
 i doubt it.  i want to go party afterwards and dress up for halloween.  are you going as gi joe again? 
 no.  it means i am excited to go. 
 i am gonna get wasted at this dinner. 
 i think we might go to the garden in the heights party or r&r for halloween.  we are going to watch the game first.  let me know if you hear of anything else. 
 so are we still on for dinner or what? 
 ok.  what are you guys doing for halloween?  boone was thinking about having a party to watch the lsu game and then go out to r&r.  i guess there is some halloween thing there.  let me knwow what is going on and we can see what is up for later. 
 i was going to go running after work and then maybe stop by.  who all was going to go? 
 should be 7.20. 
 give me a shout later.  we need to dress up and party regardless. 
 b/c i want you to understand when i am out of money, but if you owe me dinner and are out of money i cant understand. 
 there is a double standard here so i can't understand 
 you guys still going out tonight? 
 probably not.  i think you should understand my situation. 
 yeah.  i had it picked out and everything.  i had to call the dealer and tell him i am not going to suprise you with it.  we can still go to dinner tomorrow night though. 
 i like miss +10.5, iowa st, and ark 
 our stock is taking a bath. 
 my 401k is now worthless.  i have no money. 
 i definately need to throw in some shit about that and all the stripper  sluts we met in vegas.  or the hooker scott hooked up with.  that would make a good speech. 
 thanks for including me.  i don't think i will be able to make a ski trip durning that period.  i have to go to miami and party on south beach.  sorry.  maybe if something was scheduled around spring skiing (feb-mar)  i could definately go.  robicheaux is bald?  i remember that bastard was so hairy when i was living with him.  i used to have to shave the soap in the shower after he used it.  i know some of the houston guys would like to go skiing so keep us informed. 
 those brides maids are ready to party.  this hotel is right on south beach. 
 i have a room reserved.  it is $160/night.  we can split it up and pay $40 each which is cheap.  i think it is around jan 12th.  i have the room from that thurs-sat. 
 i told dehart to get ahold of me at my parents place.  i think he called, but i didn't get the message until sunday.  you guys are all welcome to stay at my house.  i am sure my parents would love to see you guys again.  i am sure my parents will wonder why a bunch of old, fat, and bald 30 year olds are staying at their house instead of a hotel.  as for robie, we can give him a blanket and he can sleep out in the side cart of his dirt bike.  when is this trip? 
 enron is going to be a penny stock pretty soon.  sec is investigating now. 
 sorry i didn't get back to you last night.  i will find out who is in town.  i talked to some people and they are up for it.  we could watch lsu and then go to r&r.  they are having a pimps and prostitute party. 
 i sent it today so you should get it by thurs. 
 are you going to do  your halloween party or what?  i will start telling jill and her friends.  i think you should do it.  i will help you out with everything on it. 
 i got them.  i left you a voice mail last night.  send me your address and i will mail them today. 
 i hate notre dame.  tim, i need to get down to your office today. 
 the wedding was fun.  drank a lot during the day and i was worn out sat night after the game.  i am staying here this weekend. 
 i did. 
 let me know.  i will be up for some drinks. 
 i went to grab some pizza, ate and then passed out.  those shot i did with those girls wolly knew put me over the edge.  sorry about taking off like that.  i had a good time, but i ran out of energy quick. 
 this is unbelievable.  seems like the worst is yet to come.  if they have to end up issuing more stock this thing can go to $10. 
 definately.  let me know. 
 should have taken the bet and given the points.  i didn't hear from you when i offered that. 
 how was this weekend?  did you get into anything? 
 i am thinking of going to woodrows again and partying on sat like last time.  do you want to golf sat? 
 maybe i will come home the 16th of may.  let me see and i will get back to you. 
 i am definately staying in town.  i don't feel like battling that traffic. 
 i was in new orleans for tim blanchard's wedding.  we watched it and then went out in the french quarter.  i will probably watch the game this saturday at woodrows.  i don't think i want to drive in for the game. 
 you wish that was your problem 
 thurs night was ok.  we went to taco milagro.  that place is full of old folks now.  how was the weekend? 
 did you end up going out last night? 
 means i could be tired afterwards. 
 i might.  i need to go running or something. 
 yeah.  she is cute.  i heard she was divorced but i wasn't sure.  little young to be divorced. 
 you partying tonight? 
 she is nice.  i don't think it will lead to much.  do you know that girl paige? 
 i can't come the last week b/c of work.  that is when prices get set for next month gas.  it is a very busy week and there is no way for me to get out of it.  when are grandma and grandpa coming? 
 it was good.  had some good meetings and stuff like that.  didn't party or anything. 
 what is up?  this weekend i am going to n.o. for a wedding.  what are you up to?  did you have fun on sat?  i had a good time.  are you going out tonight?  i think we might hit up milagro. 
 lets go around 9.  i think hull is in also. 
 great.  good to hear.  i got back last night. 
 did you see the article in the wsj today on that ljm fund associated with ene? 
 who is up for milagro or something tonight? 
 did you miss me while i was gone? 
 he was just trying to run up our p/e.  some of the things these guys did was fradulent. 
 sorry i haven't called you back.  i am in portland.  i don't get back until tonight.  i will call you when i get home.  hope all is well. 
 i thought i won the tie breaker.  what happened? 
 are you on crutches 
 try his email address which is pederliefkjeseth@hotmail.com.  that is the only way i know how to get in touch with him.  i haven't booked a flight yet but i will soon. 
 i will do that. 
 not jerk, "the king" 
 the king doesn't just give gifts for no reason. 
 that is how i want you to refer to me as "the king" 
 i'm the king 
 i would have to regulate 
 you can't be cheap if you take me out.  i won't stand for it. 
 i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket, like tony's.  someplace that is like $30 an entree. 
 i don't understand that last email 
 we can go somewhere nice.  real nice. 
 i am not letting you out of this 
 oh.  my bad.  i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with. 
 the blonde did have a hot body.  she doesn't have as pretty of a face.  tough loss last night. 
 colorado beat texas a&m.  i know you remember the bet. 
 tamu lost by 10. 
 no.  i got her number though.  i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket.  what happened to you?  i had a blast that night. 
 no i am not lying.  i flew here last night. 
 i am out of town.  i am in portland.  you can buy me dinner when we get back. 
 go florida!  they shit their pants this weekend. 
 i will be in vegas.  send her my regards. 
 i think the best guy to contact is a guy named ted bland or karen buckley.  i think he heads up the trading track program.  this is the best way to get into trading now.  you have to do 3 6mo. rotations in different trading support roles.  contact him and he should be able to get you more info.  hope that helps you out. 
 watched lsu and then went to r&r.  we got pretty drunk.  you guys sounded like you were partying also.  did you have fun? 
 i saw it on the caller id the next day. 
 i saw that you guys called around 4am.  partying huh?  what were you guys doing until 4? 
 sorry i didn't make it over sat, i passed out.  how was sat? 
 yeah.  i am going to a dinner at pappas steakhouse and then going to party.  i will call you at 2am. 
 party girl 
 what are you doing tonight? 
 don't worry.  you and jen just need to be ready to party. 
 i will.  i will sleep in the middle.  sat is going to be the best day of my life. 
 i slept on the edge.  you kept tugging on the covers and tried to spoon with me.  its cool though. 
 it is so good to finally get one of these state of the unions again.  i don= 't know if i can speak for everyone, but i sure have missed it.    it is ju= st good to read all the smart, witty humor again.  i especially thought the= part about screaming "who let the dogs out" was quite funny.  it makes it = especially funny b/c the employees play along instead of yelling out "shut = up nerd".   as most of you know chad and i no longer live together.  it was= real tough to see him go b/c we are pretty close, but not as close as mazi= arz and i evidently are.  but every now and then i still get reminders that= i used to live with chad  like the other day when i was vacuming.  i decid= ed to vacum behind the couch b/c i had never cleand back there.  when i loo= ked behind the couch the floor was littered with about 50 toenails.    at f= irst i was pretty freaked out and i was thinking how could these toenails p= ossibly get here?  but then i remembered i use to live with chad and he had= a nasty habit of pulling off his toenails.  i should have figured that he = didn't dispose of them properly.  it is good to see that chad has figured o= ut how to use the email system again.  last week enron sent out a company w= ide email and our boy chad replied back to the whole company.  i felt prett= y embarrassed for him after he sent the first reply, but went he replied to= the whole company a second time i just thought that he was an idiot.  now = he will be known as the guy who replied not once but twice to a company wid= e email.  well, i sure am looking foward to the next state of the union.  i= know i will since i am going to vegas to spend all my money at the strip c= lubs. =20   MFL 
 stay at your place even though you are a bed hog 
 yep.  looks like i found the formula. 
 you are so mean.  why can't you be sweet like me? 
 just kidding.  you need to relax a little. 
 i am going to the strip club.  do you want to meet me there?  i will get you a lap dance. 
 i resent that too 
 i resent that last comment 
 i am gonna buy you a bmw 
 it is so easy b/c you get all worked up and you are not sure whether to believe me or not. 
 you have such a temper. 
 nope.  we talked a couple of times and tenatively planned to go out, but last time i called she didn't call back.  she sounded like she has a situation w/ her ex or she just might not like me.  that is hard to belive though. 
 just chill girl. 
 it isn't that big of a deal.  why don't you just relax about the whole thing. 
 no.  you are so gullable. 
 ok 
 yeah.  i think we are hitting the strip clubs. 
 i am ready to go tonight.  you going out? 
 where didn't i go? 
 no really.  it was a blast.  little tired but i can rally for tonight. 
 i didn't even go home 
 how are we doing on our contest? 
 how was mitch's bday? 
 we will see what the line is.  either you will take it or you wont.  don't try to negotiate. 
 i don't like double standards being put on me.  i am the only one that can do double standards. 
 don't be fucking stupid.  i wouldn't do it straight up when i could get points. 
 our going out contest.  are we starting that tonight or do you concede?  i don't know why she thinks i am high maintanence. 
 i just heard that before and tori was joking w/ me about that.  i don't get it.  are we starting our contest tonight? 
 do you think i am high maintanence? 
 i dont think you look like her anymore.  my judgement was off that day.  i was around paint fumes looking at houses. 
 tori over here thinks bonnie is a hottie. 
 just did.  let me know what she says. 
 oh.   that is different than your first response. quite different.  i am going to email your friend jen and see what she thinks. 
 i didn't get thrown out of a casino.  i had to leave this bar b/c they over charged us by $300 so i argued w/ the manager and he said i had to leave.  i was pissed, but i didn't get physically removed or anything.  these guys at this club tried to rip us off and i was pissed.   i didn't out do my birthday either.  we drank a lot but it was over long periods of time.  it wasn't like on my birthday when we just slammed everything as fast as we could. 
 your mom didn't say she was ugly.  stop lying.  i think that girl is hot so i don't care. 
 i am all hot and bothered. 
 oh my god!  i am all worked up here at work.  i am going to find you a hottie right now. 
 does that mean you would do it even if i didn't win $80million 
 i thought it was.  i think that girl is hot.  if i won $80million that is the girl i want you to hook up with. 
 whatever.  i try to be nice and pay you a compliment and you turn it on me.  i guess i will just never compliment you again. 
 those photos are all stretched out.  i can't believe you don't think she is pretty 
 whatever.  i think you are messing around and you probably love the comparisson. 
 http://www.bonniebernstein.freeservers.com/  this is the site and she doesn't look like a man.  danm it. 
 i just did that and she is not in there.  she does not look like a man.  she is a hottie. 
 did you talk to her recently or something?  i have been out of time a lot this month.  i went to vegas this weekend and i feel like shit now.  i had fun with her, but i really didn't hear too much from her so i  just took it as an indication. 
 are you sure you are looking at the correct one b/c i don't see her on yahoo.  i think you are lying b/c she is not gross. 
 where did you look her up?  i dont know what you are talking about b/c she is skinny and pretty. 
 she isn't gross .  she is hot.  you need to see her on tv.  like i said, that is not a great pic. 
 http://cbs.sportsline.com/u/chat/2000/cbs/bernstein112000.htm  this is a photo of the girl i think you look like but it isn't really a good pic. 
 you know i can't wait to see you 
 if you act enthusiastic(sp?) then you'll be enthusiastic(sp?)! 
 good.  that is what i like to hear. 
 what do you mean you guess? 
 7:30-8.  how does that sound? 
 what time you coming over 
 did you get a stripper? 
 i thought your first offer sucked. 
 i cannot make it.  my parents will be in town this weekend. 
 i am not going to do that.  my job is too good here.  i want to live in denver, but i want the job i have here.  i can go there later.  hopefully i will get paid and it will work out. 
 not much.  i am trying to sell my house so i have been looking for a new house recently.  there are some cool things that i have found.  i have been going out a little, but not like we did in the beginning of the year.  that was fun.  when i move i will throw a big party and we can start it up again. 
 your last sentence sounded like an indian speaking english.  i was wondering why you didn't respond.  jury duty sucks huh?  have you been going out at all? 
 times are getting tight for me.  i really liked that house i saw yesterday.  i figure since you are not spending money on a dog you can spend it on me. 
 that is working out perfect for you 
 if you win lets go to applebys and if i win lets go to redwood grill. 
 i don't think so.  sometimes the sun shines on a dogs ass but i don't see that happening again. 
 here is our bet on cu/a&m game this summer.  i have cu -8.  we can think of a dinner later. 
 that is nasty 
 you probably didn't even see it 
 what game 
 i hope he doesn't publish this and respond to it today. 
 ditto 
 that is all we can do is attack his mom.  i am all for it.  she should be ashamed of producing such a jackass. 
 are you leaving in 15 min or something?   i think i am out of here.  i need a haircut. 
 i am sure they are.  houston won't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices.  economy should be good here. 
 b/c i wanted to read a story freak 
 someone should tear him a new one, but it is hard to argue any of his points 
 she is waiting to see if she can get financing. 
 i got a few of them.  i have a rash now in my lap. 
 i am going to stay in.  i need to find a house. 
 i am too tired to type 
 i'm bored.  tell me a story. 
 alright.  talk to you later. 
 yeah 
 probablyl gonna just kick it 
 you know, whatever.  i will let you know later.  what are you doing tonight. 
 i can think of a few things 
 sad but true. 
 real sweet.  you have a stone heart. 
 you should see the rash 
 um, i don't remember that. 
 i am tired b/c i kept waking up with no covers and my butt was hanging off the bed. i looked at you and you were covered up to your neck with the covers in the middle of the bed.  you look like you slept well. 
 i am tired.  your dog kept me up all night. 
 math is universal.  me =/ jerk 
 yeah.  it is math. 
 me > dog 
 i guess i do but i wouldn't be suprised either way.  you can show me it this weekend. 
 how many ounces does that little runt bailey weigh? 
 now i know you are lying.  yesterday the lie was about a poodle.  why can't you just be honest with me?  the lies and deceit hurt me erin. 
 what color is your poodle 
 i felt fine.  i was just tired but i didn't feel bad.  my golf game sucks but that is b/c i have a new golf swing after my lesson a couple of weeks ago.  this swing is going to take me  to the next level.  i think if trading doesn't work out i will have something to fall back on. 
 it isn't oozing, just itching.  it was worth every penny.  i think this hooker really liked me. 
 sweet.  you can start by picking up the tab at capital grill. 
 both 
 sorry man.  can't make it.  i have a dinner at cafe annie's tonight 
 pay more than i want.  so from now on you need to pay when we go out. 
 i havent looked anymore.  i will look this weekend.   i think i need to pay more than i want to.  how old is your dog? 
 i don't believe you b/c i don't think you would not have had time to get it yesterday when you said you had it 
 stop lying 
 this situation reminds me of kids with imaginary friends.  what is your imaginary friend's name? 
 did you get any sleep last night with your new dog?  when do i get to see this alleged dog? you probably got one of those robotic dogs.  what is its name? 
 you didn't buy a dog.  i want to see the receipt. 
 thanks.  i heard boone was in rare form though.  i am dead tired right now. 
 why?  don't you think you would lose that bet? 
 lets bet your dinner on it right now.  i think i might need to pay up to get a house 
 you did not 
 did you get a lil' chihuahua?  i hate those things. 
 i couldnt see it b/c it was surrounded by a wooden fence.  i know you didn't get a dog.  unless you took one of your 2 hour breaks before lunch. 
 i think that all they do is bark and freak out.  they aren't good dogs.  they aren't friendly.  and i am not angry. 
 look, damn it, they have all the personality in the world and they are not that big.  i don't think you know what a cockerspaniel is. 
 yeah i had one.   her name was mandy and she was the sweetest dog and my dad has one currently and the dog isnt retarded.  all dogs are dumb.  they are called dumb friends b/c they don't speak. 
 your retarded.  i used to have one.  they are great dogs. 
 i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi.  i am not looking foward to that but don't tell val.  the following weekend i will be ready to rock. 
 i think they are all bark and no bite.  i think they could get their asses kicked by cats.  they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk.  you should get a cockerspaniel. 
 are you kidding?  why would you want a chihuahua?  those dogs aren't even friendly.  do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog? 
 it depends what type you get.  if you get one of those little furry dogs that you can carry with you everywhere, then i can't like that dog.  if you get one with personality like a bulldog it can stay at my place.  those little furry dogs act like cats. 
 only if i have a bad day.  if i have a bad day will you let me come over and kick it? 
 when are you getting your dog dog? 
 lisa lisa-  what have you been up to?  you still moving to india or is your buddy moving back here. 
 could you please remove me from this distribution 
 what is the website address? 
 great.  way to go.  you will lose this weekend. 
 dietz's bachelor party was ok.  we did the same thing that we did at val's.  i am not going to the tenn game.  i might go to the florida game. 
 i don't know but i don't want to make it.  i just want to stay home. 
 i got home fine.  what was the name of that book you told me about?  was it the 4th deminsion? 
 congrats tom tom.  you can reach me at: 1212 fairview #A houston  77006 
 i just wanted to let you know that i am not considering moving to the denver office.  i don't see myself in a marketing role at this point in my career.  although this year has been up and down, i am enjoying my role on the desk.  i think the opportunity that you have given me as a basis trader is too good to give up.  the denver opportunity was just under consideration as an opportuinity to move back to denver.  we can talk more about it if you would like on monday. 
 boudreaux-  what's up?  are you going to the tenn game? 
 i am not sure if i am moving or not.   i wont know until the beginning of the year.  i am back and forth on the decision.  i am glad your sis is ok.  i did get a room for 160.  i am sure i will split it with some of those guys. 
 around 4-5pm 
 good job mcfly! 
 7138258410.  how did you drop your phone in water? 
 what is up jill?  i just got in town last night so i am not sure where i am going to watch the game.  what have you been up to?  i am definately going to party after the game.  give me a call later and i will let you know where we are going to watch the game. 
 tim should have it.  so are you getting nervous.  vegas rocked.  what time does the wedding start and how long of a drive is it?  i bet you're nervous.  let me know if we need to keep  a car running out front. 
 i am glad to hear it.  it is  ok, it isn't like i need the money or anything.  how was your date? 
 did you get her to sign a service contract?  i won about $700 
 thanks for that email.  i just opened it and everyone say that shoot across all 4 screens of mine.  i will talk to you later b/c i have to go up to hr now. 
 i am interested in going to the game.  i could be up for it. 
 give me a shout at work when you get a chance.  853-7176. 
 that will get us to baton rouge in time for ou/nu 
 weather looks like this:  hi 69  lo 42 
 does anyone have that email where that ut dude gets all drunk?  i need to read it for inspiration. 
 oops i did it again 
 we will definately go party.  i went to the game and it sucked.  so your test is this weekend or the following?  sat there is a big party at garden in the heights. 
 what time are you going to get into town? 
 i am going to watch lsu sat and then go to that party at garden in the heights.  should be fun. let me know what is going on for your party celebration when you finish. 
 nothing happened with either.  so what is up with the divorced girl?  do you know her? 
 nope. 
 the enron stock is down again.  13 days in a row. 
 13 days straight.  it is trading just over $11. 
 it is going to zero 
 i might go out.  i don't think that i am dressing up.  are you going out?  i would be up for going out, but i have nothing to dress up in. 
 i don't want to be a soilder during the war.  where are you going if you go out?  sierra?  let me knwo if you decide to go out b/c i think it would be a fun night. 
 the only thing at la strada is a bunch of nancy boys.  are your friends trying to meet gay guys or are they gay? 
 that is probably what i will end up doing.  i need to find some really nice smelling oil though. 
 what happened to the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again this year? 
 does that make a nice scent when baby oil and lotion are mixed?  i am first going to rub fake tan all over and then grease up.  i am just going to wear my new thong and my new gold bracelet.  i am going to look awesome when i am dancing.  i don't know what you should be.  i think you can do better than gi jane though.  you could be an umpalumpa for willy wonka.  everyone loves those little guys. 
 anyone going out for halloween tonight? 
 potentially 
 i want to come over and meet some milfs also. 
 step up and go out like a man.  stop crying like a lil' bitch.   sierra is gonna be packed with girls dressed like lil hookers.  go home, nap and then be ready to go by 8:30-9. 
 call me at home if you go out.  i will be home around 7ish. 
 i didn't get your email in time.  my number is 713-807-1699h and 713-825-8410c.  we went to sierra and it sucked.  total banana farm. 
 i dressed up as a cow with utters and everything.  i walked into sierra and there were only a few people dressed up.  it was so emabarrassing. 
 saturday i am going to woodrows to watch the game and then sat night we are going to the garden in the heights party. 
 good to hear from you.  looks like you got out at the right time.  ene is a sinking ship.  your boy fastow and skilling have sunk it.  are they making you work 100 hour weeks yet? 
 we might go get some food and spirits after work if you are interested.  i am going to butt-fuck mississippi for val's wedding.  i will be in town the rest of the month so i am ready to start tearing up houston again.  let me know if you are up for drinks after work. 
 i am tired.  you snore. 
 you guys want to watch the game at woodrows tomorrow?  there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night.  plus we can be outside watching it. 
 that isn't snoring, that is the sound of my teeth chattering b/c i have no covers. 
 you love it when i come over.  i satisfy your appetitie for lovin. 
 i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out. 
 you don't know what that means?  where did you grow up? india? 
 them just jokes 
 i just went to dinner.  let me know about thurs.  good luck on the test. 
 are we gonna see somebody boone out? 
 you aren't going in for the wedding until sunday now? 
 just call me on my cell phone.  i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink. 
 what do you mean i am perverted? 
 thank god.  i feel so much better.  i was worrying about it in the shower this morning.   thanks for letting me know. 
 we are meeting these people sunday morning at 10:30am to go to the golf tourney.  i will have to pick you up around 10 or you can meet me at my house at 10. 
 excellent idea.  meet you at my house then.  great. 
 too late.  meet me at my house. 
 i still need to decide whether or not i am going.  i think this guy is putting an offer on my house and i might need to look for a house.  how was bama?  did you party after we rolled them or was kenny to pissed? 
 i might go.  depends on this week. 
 http://abcnews.go.com/sections/us/WolfFiles/wolffiles.html 
 what is a better restaurant to work at? house of pies or denny's? 
 fat ass 
 there is a band?  what is going on this weekend? 
 just kidding 
 calling you a fat ass.  i am serious about which restaurant is better. 
 denver defense sucks 
 it is tough to watch because they cant stop shit.  i need to email the paper and complain in this article. 
 what the fuck is numbers?  i hate live music. 
 i might be up for it though 
 looks like becoming a waiter is a better possibility every day. 
 the stock is below $10 and the company might go bankrupt. 
 i applied at house of pies last night. 
 what are the odds of enron making it.  seems that we are in a cash crunch. 
 let me know when you want to go out.  i can go out any night. 
 i am not joking.  it will just be temporary until i get back on my feet. 
 the assets are marked up and we cant sell them.  the problem is that we have tapped out our credit lines and we need another $2 billion.  seems like we are racing against the clock. 
 i know.  i love working here.  i wish it would just get fixed.  i don't think mgmt has informed us of what is going on completely. 
 i won't be a waiter for more than a year.  it takes time.  it isn't like i will change my profession to a waiter.  it will just be something to pay the bills.  i don't know why it is so hard for you to understand that.  i haven't heard about my house. 
 i am serious 
 just getting applications at denny's, house of pies, appleby's and chilis 
 are you not going to stand by me through this? 
 kam - could you give me access to view this site please.  my login is mlenhar.  thanks 
 it works.  thanks again. 
 looks like i am going to work at denny's. stock is down about another 2.50. 
 did they look lazy?  they always seem over-confident. 
 sweet.  i need a golf allowance then.   i can drink beer every night and golf all day while you work.  that would be so sweet of you.  i cant wait to do that. 
 yeah.  just go ahead and do that.  how about the houstonian?  youre  the best. 
 can i just charge the spa to your account?  so now that i am your boy toy what do you want me to do? 
 ok sweet baby 
 it wont let me in.  says i need to login. 
 7:30 or 8.  i don't care when. 
 dyron 
 i can't wait 
 can't believe you left last night. 
 daily dose on enron -  we are finished.  i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills.  the economy is down and when enron collapses, the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt.  not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks.  can't go to anymore lsu games unless i get a free ticket. 
 sounds fun.  i think i am going to go out there at lunch and get some dancing in. 
 i didn't want you to go.  i was just going to sleep anyway.  i was too tired to give you any action.  enron is blowing up. 
 i am going to sell my car and use the money to get the field.  go- go dancers everywhere. 
 http://biz.yahoo.com/e/011108/ene.html 
 i have stronger will than you think. house of pies here i come. 
 you just need it all the time don't you.  don't you like me for me?  or am i just a boy toy to you? 
 i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested.  jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party. 
 max and jen are looking for you.  call them at 303-832-8160.  they haven't heard from you in a while. 
 ruggles at dyron 
 it isn't going to be happy.  let's just call it what it is " deal with being unemployed hour at the bar". 
 you didn't think that was funny?  do i need to explain that one? 
 i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch. 
 sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i didn't get home until late.  looks bad over here.  everything was business as usual until yesterday.  i think our books were so cooked that it is beyond repair.  i will call you later. 
 dynegy trades around their assets.  they aren't big risk takers like enron.  looks like the deal is now done.  now we just need to wait and see what happens. 
 this article mentions your chapter of sigma chi. 
 game is on tv tomorrow. 
 how did you do on your test? 
 no.  i was home before 10.  definately party tonight and golf tomorrow. 
 they inked the deal.  dynegy has aquired us. 
 sounds good.  have a good time.  i think i am going to stay in town and golf.  we will go party some other time. 
 tux has been ordered.  speech is being considered. 
 no problem.  hull said it wouldn't be a good party anyway.  you know you didn't fall asleep, it is called passing out. 
 what is your cell number again 
 http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=IPIX&d=c&k=c1&t=2y&l=on&z=m&q=l 
 do you still want to go out tonight? 
 i don't know about you guys, but i feel a lot better after reading that. 
 now i know something will get done. 
 of course i do.  i want to see my sweet baby.  how was your day off.  did you buy me an xmas gift? 
 don't be cruel 
 maybe. why? 
 so everyone is pretty pissed over here b/c there is a report that ken lay will get $80 million if he doesn't join the new company.  he is getting a golden parachutte for ruining the company. 
 i have fri off. 
 people are pretty upset todya.  they have completely fleeced us. 
 you didn't send the number.  just call me on mine @ 7138258410.  i am thinking tealas and sitting out on the porch. 
 i will pick you up around 7:30-8. 
 1212 fairview #a houston  77006 
 pins and needles. 
 there is a credit spread b/t ice and eol for phys transactions 
 yeah baby.  i am a limited partner. 
 they did talk to the trading floor yesterday and everyone was upset.  the only thing i can say for him is that at least he has hung around and stood in the fire.  skilling and fastow bolted.  i have no respect for them.  i guess his golden parachutte was in place since 89, but that was a situation in which the company is trading at 80 and we are taken over at 110.  not 90 down to 10. 
 what is going on?  did you end up going out on sat? 
 r&r was fun.  we went downtown first and it sucked.  i felt like i was in kabul w/ all of al queda.  r&r was packed though.  i didn't get there until around 1am.  when are you going home? 
 that is disgusting.  watch for me i will be the one dancing like a maniac. 
 i am going to stay here.  i am going to the ut/a&m game on fri.  i am just looking forward to hanging out and relaxing.  i need to get some sleep, relax and get my mind off of enron.  seems like it is day to day on whether or not we are going out of business.  it is wearing on me. 
 i want to see what my market value is.  i don't know what is going to happen here.  if you want to do a happy hour let me know.  maybe tomorrow after work or something.  let me know if you are up for it. 
 i guess i won't take paige to this 
 take her to the atl 
 jill arrington has a bright future ahead of her. 
 i think that i need to give my resume to your brother in law.  enron is collapsing. 
 definately.  tell him i trade west basis in the natural gas market.  i appreciate it. 
 yeah.  i can email it to you.  i will give you a call later tonight. 
 sorry i didn't get back to you last night.  i was on the other line with paige.  i am so pumped about her. 
 430 is good 
 sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i got home around 9:30.  i will give you a call tonight.  how about the huskers?  that was violent. 
 mostly internal trading.  bidweek starts today, so we will see if physical volume picks up. 
 what are you going to dc for? 
 do you know those girls? 
 i was going to come home this weekend if you knew them.  we would have to set up a service contract with those chicks. 
 that was great.  that is as funny as i get. 
 what is shawn's cell phone number?  he was supposed to stay at my place last night and he didn't show up. 
 yeah baby.  i was there two weeks ago and there were hotties everywhere.  i am going to come home in the early part of july and we will figure out the final details. 
 i found a bunch of tickets to fargo.  most run through minneapolis.  the cheapest is $432.  the earliest arrives at 12:30 and they have one at 2, 3, 5.  let me know what you guys have and i will coordinate the times accordingly. 
 those were pretty good.  how is everything in phoenix?  it looks hot. 
 it was supposed to have some pics 
 cotton bowl 
 that is how i impress girls.  maybe that is why they don't understand me.  i am so deep.  i am so misunderstood. 
 you partied it up at jazz fest?  i still have never been.  who did you go there with? 
 yeah i will be in town this weekend.  i have something to go to fri but i will definately be out on saturday.  what are you doing? 
 i think she is one of jen's cougar friends.  that is such a chick thing to do. 
 read the bottom of the email with some chicks idea as a gift 
 i am sure that girl courtney walker would like to share some special memories also 
 sure.  you buy something and let me know how much i owe 
 so i got us a hotel room in caymen.  it can sleep up to six and it is $880 for the three nights.  if all 5 of us stay there that is 176/ea.  we have it for thurs-sat night. 
 jen's dad better buy a bunch of booze.  and the schrutt's better take us somewhere nice for the rehersal dinner.  and jen's friends better put out. 
 what is the date of the party 
 i tried to watch it but i couldn't stay awake.  it didn't start here until 9 and i have to get up at 5 so it is to hard to stay up.  how did they look? st. louis has had a good rest so it should be interesting to watch them in that series.  i will watch the next series b/c it will probably be on tv at a normal time. 
 that is classy 
 what  time is golf for? 
 does anyone have a picture of max when he used to walk around and flex his pecs? 
 i will be there 
 that does sound gay 
 season over 
 i am ready to take some more of your money out there 
 he is there best player 
 oops 
 the texas bet was that they wouldn't win the national championship within the next 3 years. 
 i have to go to a dinner tonight, but i will meet up with you guys at the grasshopper if you want.  we need to check that joint out.  call me on my cell and we will hit it. 
 didn't you go to grasshopper last night 
 was it any good 
 let's meet up at grasshopper 
 thanks for the xmas card.  that was real nice. 
 i would but i am going to the spa 
 whatever gillette.  i will be feeling all loose and relaxed while i am whooping it up at the grasshopper tonight. 
 everyone who is anyone will be there. 
 i will be the prettiest at the grasshopper 
 meeting up with boone and luis and whoever.  if the broker goes we will just get some free drinks.  date went well.  i had a good time. 
 did you just get that reply? 
 are you going out this weekend?  i think you said you had a wedding to go to or something?     were you hurting on wednes morning? 
 i thought that you were going 
 yeah baby!   that place is gonna rock 
 i don't know.  i am going to golf sunday morning at the woodlands which is very nice.  i don't want to be real hung over, but i still might go out. tonight i am definately going out. 
 you were right about my flight time.  i will see you at the passenger pickup. 
 i felt fine.  i woke up at 5am to work out.  i guess you are just a candy ass.  just kidding.  i have a dinner to go to tonight with some broker then i am heading downtown.  i will give you a call this weekend.  have fun at the wedding. 
 i tried to call yesterday, but you guys were not home.  i did speak with grandma and grandpa.  grandpa sounded really bad.  i am a little worried after speaking with him.  he sounded to tired to even speak.  i think i need to get out to phoenix to see them soon. 
 give me a call from dc when you get a chance.  love matt 
 i felt like a champ on sat 
 i didn't do all those shots with boone 
 Derek-  Here is the notice that was sent out by PG&E on Friday.  This notice would not allow cycle 4 gas to flow. 
 we need to pass on penalties to counterparties who cut us on gas day of may 11.  many counterparties are swinging on eol deals, so  going foward we are going to rank those counterparties to take the cuts.  as far as this deal goes, the problems incurred were due to logistical issues.  we did rerank wild goose for cycle 4, but pg&e did not allow for renoms on this cycle. 
 did you call for me at work today? 
 did you call me today at work 
 how was your wedding on saturday? 
 i will be in town fri afternoon.  tell max and  i  will see you guys either fri or sat. 
 i can't remember if i sent these to you guys or not    >"You Were an Accident!" > > > > > >"Strangers Have the Best Candy" > > > > > >"The Little Sissy Who Snitched" > > > > > >"Some Kittens Can Fly!" > > > > > >"Getting More Chocolate on Your Face" > > > > > >"Where Would You Like to Be Buried?" > > > > > >"Kathy Was So Bad Her Mom Stopped Loving Her" > > > > > >"The Attention Deficit Disorder Association's Book of Wild Animals of > > >North Amer... Hey!  Let's Go Ride Our Bikes!" > > > > > >"All Dogs Go to Hell!" > > > > > >"The Kids' Guide to Hitchhiking" > > > > > >"When Mommy and Daddy Don't Know the Answer They Say 'God Did It'" > > > > > >"Garfield Gets Feline Leukemia" > > > > > >"What Is That Dog Doing to That Other Dog?" > > > > > >"Why Can't Mr. Fork and Ms. Electrical Outlet Be Friends?" > > > > > >"Bi-Curious George" > > > > > >"Daddy Drinks Because You Cry" > > > > > >"Mister Policeman Eats His Service Revolver" > > > > > >"You Are Different and That's Bad" > > > > > >"Dad's New Wife... Timothy" > > > > > >"Pop!  Goes The Hamster (and Other Great Microwave Games)" > > > > > >"Testing Homemade Parachutes With Nothing At All But Your Household > > Pets" > > > > > >"The Hardy Boys, the Barbie Twins and the Vice Squad" > > > > > >"The Tickling Babysitter" > > > > > >"Babar Meets the Taxidermist" > > > > > >"Curious George and the High-Voltage Fence" > > > > > >"The Boy Who Died from Eating All His Vegetables" > > > > > >"Start a Real-Estate Empire With the Change From Your Mom's Purse" > > > > > >"The Pop-up Book of Human Anatomy" > > > > > >"Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will!" > > > > > >"The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and are Shot Dead" > > > > > >"How to Become The Dominant Military Power In Your Elementary School" > > > > > >"Controlling the playground: Respect through Fear" > > > 
 i wasn't that drunk on saturday.  i was just joking.  i felt great on saturday.  like a champ.  people get married younger than you?  wow.  what the hell do they do if they get married that early? 
 i had to wake up early on sunday so i didnt feel like going.  were there a lot of hotties? 
 i will be here on fri night, but sat i am going to tim's engagement party.  i think i will be out on fri. 
 i am here dog 
 yeah, paincourtville, la.  i don't know where the fuck that is. 
 i will be watching.  have fun 
 dont try to play it off.  you just cant spell. 
 not me.  i wont get a vette unless i am 50, single & have a mustache.  if i need to pick up the young cheesey babes when i am old i will get one.  i never heard of that movie. 
 nothing.  i am pissed.  i got out of a position too early and i would have made a killing. 
 i will be home fri afternoon. i will see you and max fri or sat. 
 i can't make that 
 how is everything going?  are you guys staying cool down there.  i know it has been hot.  i will try to call soon. 
 i didn't take profits.  got slaughtered today. i had a great month last month, i just need to get out of this hole this month.  at least it is the first.  i will talk to you sunday. 
 i have to be in denver that weekend for a family function.  what about labor day?  we could go that fri & sat night and fly back sun.  we would have monday off to recover.  lsu is playing some schmeg team any way.  there will be more cougars in vegas over labor day also.  cougars are good back up plan at the end of the night. 
 what is up monkey?  things are  good in houston.  i still have a gambling problem so i am gonna try to go to vegas if i can.  are you in california still.  i bet you have a 15 year old girlfriend huh?  you and mark chumura hitting the prom parties.  drinking cold beer and getting hot pussy is still what it is about.  even though we work you need to get those essentials. they are like air.  we did it right in college when we were running those chi - o's.  you should try to get to h-town one weekend and we will run some cougars.  cougars= old women that pray on young men.   cougars love me here.  give me a shout some time.  713-853-7176.  good to hear from you. 
 labor day is the working man's holiday.  since most of us work we should celebrate the holiday (and jacques and val's weddings) that weekend in vegas. 
 saints suck.  tigers play the louisiana school for the deaf.  you wont miss anything.  i thought you were a 49ers fan? 
 i just spoke with wayne gonzalin and he said that there is a rodney impersonator there the same weekend.  tickets are only $4.95 and that includes an all you can eat hot dog buffet.  it is just 27 miles outside of town so we can hit that and then go play nickel slots. 
 Ivan-  I put the files in  O\portland\fundamentals\westgas\new folder(2).  Let me know if you have any questions.  Matt 3-7176 
 doesn't matter.  it won't happen either way. 
 I put the files under o\dropbox\west.  They are the files titled CEMS, CEMS CA Gen, CEMS CA Heat Rate, & Cali Gen (CEMS). 
 if it is only nick and i who can't make it on the 24th you guys should go. it is going to be hard any  time to get a weekend that everyone can agree on.  don't let us hold you back. 
 i can make the 24th of aug now 
 it went fine.  i am just glad that it is over.  i am now looking foward to the cruise.  hope all is well. 
 good news everyone!  looks like denver is gonna get steve young.  pencil us in for the superbowl.  i think that would make us a dynasty. 
 i know.  i am trying to make superbowl bets now. 
 both billy joe's were still under contract so the broncos had to get young. saints could have had scrubby brister if they had played their cards right. 
 nuggets will win the nba next year 
 i bet i can guess which ones 
 sailing 
 i am up for whatever.  let's just try to get something planned before xmas. 
 get your touches this week b/c next week i am gonna put it up at least 40 times. 
 yeah.  we can rent a hobie boat and go sailing 
 i wanted to let you know i might be in for that weekend.  i am going to try to go home labor day instead.  i will know by mon. 
 Phillip-  Here is the presentation.  I also sent it to Ina. 
 my goal is to pull off a double play - unassisted. 
 we need to reschedule the cruise? 
 my lessons were cancelled.  i cant take them until july now.  how was austin?  i saw your friends at the black swan. 
 i forgot to call them yesterday.  i will try tonight.  i leave sat for n.o. for the cruise.  i will be back the following sunday. 
 when?  eventually or are you giving your notice at work? 
 so you are serious about this 
 i don't know 
 who is that? 
 get me a ticket if you can.  chad is a mullet. 
 who is diamond dallas page? 
 your kids will end up on mulletsgalore 
 well if we have kids they definately are not watching wrestling.  if that is your choice of programing, i won't let them watch tv with you. 
 you will have an allowance that i will monitor closely. 
 i will have you sign a prenuptual 
 we are going to new orleans sat and set sail sun.  for this summer i might go home for a weekend and to vegas for a bachelor party.  you? 
 any word on the houston opportunity? 
 how?  daddy always gets action. 
 too much beer retention on my six pack.  but my calves and thighs are so sculpted.  works of art. 
 lets drive in your new car 
 i will call them tonight.  they probably want to see you inagural for sure so hopefully the labor day weekend will be a good weekend for them to stay through. 
 Cooper-  Can you let me know how to connect to the power database where we pull CAISO scheduled gen & load.  I want to pull the actual loads along with the scheduled.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Matt Lenhart 853-7176 
 i will give you all that until you are 50, then i will turn you in for a 20 year old hottie.  sorry i didn't call you back last night. 
 jacques-  i think i should be able to go that weekend.  just wanted to let you know since i hadn't rsvp'd. 
 i am in. 
 where is this workbook and how do i link to it? 
 if you can get me a ticket i will go. 
 nice. 
 you signed a prenup.  you will need a job. 
 i know who that is.  wasn't she a cheerleader?  how have you been?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  i will try to meet up with you guys tonight. call me at my house and let me know what time you guys are heading over. 
 yeah, i will.  she is great.  she thinks i am smart b/c i read the comics. plus she had a breast job. 
 you are right.  you are one of a kind.  i am lucky to have you.  you are buying some time past 50.  you just added another year or two (depends if i have all my hair or not). 
 it is not going to happen.  if i get hair on my back i will get it surgically removed.  anyway i don't have to worry about hair on my back. 
 yeah i need to get you a boob job.  i like DD.  work out your lower back b/c you are gonna have to carry my trophies around forever. 
 i like you the way you are, but i think you will look great with dd's 
 daddy is in. 
 tigers play at 6.  i think we are going to go to two rows to catch the game if you are up for it. 
 well you are gonna have to work out for 2 hours a day.  i want you to stay in top shape.  you can be my trophy wife.  are you really moving to austin soon? 
 my status is questionable now. 
 i can't wait for the cruise.  i will watch out for the hot women on the boat.  i might just stay in grand caymen and run a boat business if it is really nice there.  i want to go to denver over labor day weekend.  if you guys go up for the inagural it would be the following weekend.  memorial day would give me an extra day off. if you guys cannot stay through that weekend i will try to go over the 18th.  i will try to call tonight or tomorrow.  love matt 
 that is the saddest story i ever heard.  my security guard girlfriend work at night as a tow truck lady and she probably got pissed when she saw me hanging out with you guys and towed your car.  actually i don't think the game is going to play until 8:30.  here are your tasks for next week while i am out of town: 1. plan your party 2. get music 3. get food 4. get booze 5. invite some people 6.  let me know what i owe you  sounds good.  if the game comes on at 6 and we go to two rows i will let you know.  is your old ass boyfriend coming to the party? 
 i will only say it is our party if it is fun.  if it sucks it is all you. i am not going out tonight.  game is on at 8:30 and i will just watch it at home.  i need my beauty sleep before the cruise.  my security guard girlfriend doesn't have an email address (she doesn't have a computer), but she does have an instant message pager.  you should try to buy some new cd's before your party. 
 i am not reading that in public 
 by the way, your book is way overdue 
 i thought you sniffed that stuff on the weekend for fun anyway 
 austin is a cool place to live even if you are not in school.  i wouldn't live in baton rouge and i loved going to school there.  you should do what you think is best for you. 
 the lust boat  will be exciting and new 
 i have these hanging on my porch 
 Could one of you send me a foward curve for sp, np & pv.  I need it for our bid week meeting tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks for your help. 
 Cooper-  I cannot run this file.  It keeps prompting me for a password which I don't have. 
 check out the one about "dad's new wife.." 
 These are what I need, but how do I access this info and update it daily? 
 i am going to new orleans tomorrow.  we are staying at chad's and leaving sun morning.  i wanted to know if i could stop by and see the place sat?  i wont stay there and we won't be partying that night.  i just want to see what it looks like now. 
 i am a maybe 
 you really did sniff a lot of that paint 
 you are the woman.  you provide the food and i provide the income. 
 > > >"You Were an Accident!" > > > > > >"Strangers Have the Best Candy" > > > > > >"The Little Sissy Who Snitched" > > > > > >"Some Kittens Can Fly!" > > > > > >"Getting More Chocolate on Your Face" > > > > > >"Where Would You Like to Be Buried?" > > > > > >"Kathy Was So Bad Her Mom Stopped Loving Her" > > > > > >"The Attention Deficit Disorder Association's Book of Wild Animals of > > >North Amer... Hey!  Let's Go Ride Our Bikes!" > > > > > >"All Dogs Go to Hell!" > > > > > >"The Kids' Guide to Hitchhiking" > > > > > >"When Mommy and Daddy Don't Know the Answer They Say 'God Did It'" > > > > > >"Garfield Gets Feline Leukemia" > > > > > >"What Is That Dog Doing to That Other Dog?" > > > > > >"Why Can't Mr. Fork and Ms. Electrical Outlet Be Friends?" > > > > > >"Bi-Curious George" > > > > > >"Daddy Drinks Because You Cry" > > > > > >"Mister Policeman Eats His Service Revolver" > > > > > >"You Are Different and That's Bad" > > > > > >"Dad's New Wife... Timothy" > > > > > >"Pop!  Goes The Hamster (and Other Great Microwave Games)" > > > > > >"Testing Homemade Parachutes With Nothing At All But Your Household > > Pets" > > > > > >"The Hardy Boys, the Barbie Twins and the Vice Squad" > > > > > >"The Tickling Babysitter" > > > > > >"Babar Meets the Taxidermist" > > > > > >"Curious George and the High-Voltage Fence" > > > > > >"The Boy Who Died from Eating All His Vegetables" > > > > > >"Start a Real-Estate Empire With the Change From Your Mom's Purse" > > > > > >"The Pop-up Book of Human Anatomy" > > > > > >"Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will!" > > > > > >"The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and are Shot Dead" > > > > > >"How to Become The Dominant Military Power In Your Elementary School" > > > > > >"Controlling the playground: Respect through Fear" > > > > > > >____________________________________________________________________ >Get free email and a permanent address at http://www.amexmail.com/?A=1  ________________________________________________________________________ Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com 
 no.  you get an allowance and when you blow it on clothes you don't get any more.  here is a pic of your dream man. 
 hey mom. i forgot to tell you that i could use a portable phone w/ caller id.  i don't have either.  this is just a suggestion if you haven't finished shopping.  see you tomorrow. 
 let me know if there are any hotties there.  how was the party? 
 how is are party looking?  what day do you want to have it? 
 invite the hottie with the dog 
 oh yeah. 
 Ivan-  Here is the list of the California plants that are not listed on the Portland database:  Colgate Contra Costa Hunters Point Crockett Alamitos Coolwater 
 the cruise was fun. i am broke and burned.  we were thinking about having the party on saturday or something.  we can get a good list of people together. i will let you know this  week what the plan is.  you wont have to do anything except invite some people. 
 did you hear from that cougar jenny? 
 looks like things are falling apart on this side also.  if we can't get people together for a party we should get those that are here to go tubbing or something. 
 i will get in touch with shirley and find out.  one week of boozing, 5 days off, 4 days on. 
 are there any good places to go tubing?  we are thinking about doing that this weekend if you are up for it.  coulon is coming in town. 
 i thought you got that car over labor day. 
 i am gonna bring it b/c i have the heart of a lion 
 are you gonna be in town this weekend?  chad & i are thinking about going tubbing. 
 you need this shirt 
 let's meet at my place around 7 or 715.  i have to go running after work.  i was lazy this morning. 
 not yet, but we are definately going to do something.  i think tubing would be fun but i am not sure where to go.  i am working on it. 
 the in-laws.  faimily man now. 
 did you mail off the power bill? 
 i don';t know where to go tubing.  we will figure something else out.  maybe you should just throw a pool party. 
 we are bringing our entertaining pics 
 tubing is so relaxing.  i have only done it once.  we are trying to figure out things to do for the holiday weekend.  so how come you are going to austin every weekend.  are you in love or something? 
 mom is going to pick me up.  i will bring plenty of luggage.  see you tomorrow. 
 i am not drinking.  i feel like the dude from leaving las vegas 
 what day? 
 i had a great time.  it was really relaxing.  carlos & charlies in cozumel was the best.  i havent partied like that since bid day.  if you need help moving let me know. 
 here is another song you need to burn:  artist: Nelly title: Country Grammar  this is a good one 
 big pimping.  see if you can download them at work and send them to yourself.  it only takes like 30 sec to download songs over here. 
 i couldn't read.  i have never danced for 5 hours straight.  it was epic. how is it to visit there.  it seemed like a very nice place to check out. nothing else is really going on just trying to get an idea of what to do this weekend.  i got some good pics in jamaica. 
 val-  download these songs if you get a chance tonight and i will try to burn them tomorrow if that is cool.   they are all good  artist song Nelly    Country Grammar Bone Thugs     ??? just pick a good one Jay Z     Big Pimpin  & Can i get a what what Easy E     8 Ball NWA     Days of Wayback Brand Nubian    Pass tha gat Crucial Conflict    Hay Snop Dog    Lodi Dodi Limp Bizkit    Nookie DJ Quik     Black Pussy 
 let me know if you got that last one b/c our systems were down 
 you have got a deal.  what day are you moving in?  i want to start hanging out at your pool if there are hotties there.  what days are you going to go to galveston? 
 i might talk to them after the holidays.  i am more interested in hearing what they do not neccessarily a career change.  my # is 7138537176 
 i doubt i will go out until fri night.  if you stay in town let me know b/c we will go out almost every night.  let me know if you stay and we will figure something out. 
 give me a call if you stay in town this weekend and go out.  we are going to party fri & sat if you are in. 
 no plans for tues.  give me a call if you want to do something tues.  have fun in b.r. 
 i am gonna hang at your pool all weekend while you move in. 
 i will help you out 
 hey can i burn those songs to a cd tonight? 
 i will definately play in this one.  sign us up. 
 cool.  let  me know when. 
 we are going to go out tomorrow night.  if you guys want to meet us for drinks and then go out.  email me back and give me your number & i will call you tomorrow. 
 she wants you in her pants 
 http://www.pge.com/cgi-bin/pipeline_gasinv.pl#storage_forecast, 'enehou\houston\appsrw\webcontent\gastrading\west_desk\logistics\pge.xls.  this is the website and path to the file. 
 what did coulon's itenerairy say? 
 this is a very funny video. 
 8/20.  9/2 is labor day weekend. 
 no.  i need rest. 
 i need my beauty sleep.   annatiation 
 my bad. 
 did you get a chance to download any of those songs?  i have two more:  dogg pound-  new york big punisher- i'm not a player i just fuck a lot artist unknown- rosa parks 
 Enclosed is a copy of the generation reports we put together using your generation database.  Please look them over and make sure that they are in the correct order an make sense.  Some of the monthly averages in the report do not match the CEMS database number.  I wanted to know if I should fill in the historicals with the CEMS numbers or keep these.  If you could just look these over and let me know if they make sense I would appriciate it.  Matt Lenhart 
 austin was great.  i love that place.  country grammar is a good song huh? how was your weekend? 
 sorry i didn't call back last night.  i didn't get back until 10.  i will try to call tonight. 
 it was good to see you too.  we should have partied some more.  it is tough to stay in denver for too long now b/c of work.  i think that website is classmates.com.  i am not sure b/c some girl here was on the website and that is where i saw dana's personal ad.  i was so funny b/c lisa wimbush said " i am 24 and engaged"  and dana said " i am 24 and single".  everyone at work was laughing.  i hope you are having fun in san fransico.  keep in touch.  matt 
 did you figure out what type of truck you won? 
 when can i burn those cds? 
 Are there certain plants where that have reliable generation numbers reported each time?  Should I just track these generators? 
 damn bitch.  just let me know when. 
 i heard about a new bar downtown that is like state bar but a younger crowd. it is near prague.  have you heard of it?  we should check it out sat night. 
 it was fun.  i had a blast.  my liver is still recovering?  did you hear grandma won a truck?  that is amazing.  what has been going on there? 
 i don't have hair on my back and not that much on my chest.  i wish i had more on my chest then i could grow a mustache and tell the chicks to call me magnum. 
 where do yo get tickets for prague.  i need to get two.  i am gonna stay in town.  we are heading to champs for the game if you want to go. 
 i hate the black swan.  i think we might go downtown sat.  i will give you a call 
 give us a call tonight.  shawn is in town now.  713-807-1699. 
 you going out to lunch today 
 steve-  you up for getting lunch today? 
 i want to go downtown tomorrow night.  i heard about this new place called the hub.  it is supposed to be cool. 
 you going out tonight and tomorrow night?   maybe golf tomorrow at clear creek? 
 yeah that is fine.   we can go out there and sweat out the booze.  all these people are coming in this weekend.  there is gonna be like 10 fijis here. 
 cartoon with the speach 
 watch the volume 
 for new year's i am going to stay in houston.  i was going to new orleans but i don't feel like making the drive now.  it is fairly dead at work for me too.  what are you doing in sf again?  sf is such a cool city.  do a lot of your friends from oregon live there?  i will check out that web site today. 
 i'm in 
 what type of truck did she win? 
 i sent mckenna a gift certificate for her b-day.  it should be on your email.  let me know if you don't get it. 
 i am a shooter again.  i got a cell phone.  the number is 713-825-8410.  i am being annitiantion. 
 i have a cell phone now.  # is 713-825-8410 
 that what i said 
 mine is huge 
 this weekend we have to hit this new bar called the hub.  i heard it was full of hotties.  start there and end in your environment (merc room).  how was cali? 
 hot shit 
 how much weed did you smoke at that concert? 
 would you mind picking me up two tickets for prague? 
 i will still help you with your seatbelt.  my new ride is nice.  i cannot wait to pick it up.  it is so nice not to worry about the rain now.  i will be big pimpin in this ride. 
 i got a new ride.  i sold the jeep and got a tahoe.  daddy is money 
 i already made a rap cd at val's.  it has some great rap songs.  country grammar is the first song.  i will blare it with my new state of the art sound system.  i will pick it up today or tomorrow. 
 i don't wear fubu, i wear skidz.  it has jay-z, brand nubian, easy e, bone thugs, big punisher, limp bizkit, 
 it is dark blue with tan interior.  i looks good.  i got an ureal deal on it.  i got it for cheaper than trade in blue book.  what are you going to get. 
 lets go to new orleans.  that sounds good to me.  i don't know how i got such a good deal but i am psyched up.  i can't wait. 
 are you getting a used car or a new car?  maximas are good.  i like the older models though. 
 why don't you get a 95 maxima.  i think you can get those for around $10 or lower and just finance the rest. 
 those are cool.  maybe you should just keep yours until it is dead.  doesn't make sense to pay more since you just bought a new place.  how many bedrooms is it?  what is the new number? 
 set up a trip in oct.  maybe we can get a long weekend.  maybe lsu plays one day and we could check that out.  i will take a look. 
 call me when you get a chance.  they have the wrong ext. for you on voice activation thing. 
 who sings fucking right it's all right? 
 i am gonna drive my new ride.  hopefully i pick it up today.  it is so nice. i don't need a car this nice but what the hell.  how much is your mo. note gonna be on your house? 
 let s try to set up that weekend. 
 which telas?  the one on shepard or near montrose? 
 i will pick it up today or tomorrow.  it is a 1998.  i thought that the best i could do was a 96, but i got such a sweet deal on this one. 
 i will pick it up today or tomorrow.  the guy needs to get his wife to sign some shit before i can get the loan money. 
 i will make it .  remind me thurs. 
 do i have to wear a tux or a suit 
 call me about it tonight 
 new years was fun.  i stayed in town and went to that club prague.  that place is crazy.   were you in new york through the end of the year?  i haven't heard of a natl champ party, but i think you should throw one. 
 are you burning up up there?  looks like it has been over 100.  i bought a new car.  i get it today. 
 i sold the jeep monday to some kid going to a&m next fall.  i bought a chevy tahoe.  it is great.  i pick it up today. it is midnight blue with a tan stripe at the bottom.  i got an incredible deal on it.  it is a 1998 and i was looking at 96's that were selling for more.  it is probably a little too nice for me, but what the hell. 
 mom said that you needed my phone number.  it is (713)807-1699. 
 are you and angie gonna beat some ass that weekend?  i went to uropa fri. other than that it was fairly uneventful.  you?  i am gonna meet you guys out on thurs.  whose b-day is it? 
 sorry it has taken me so long to email you back.  are you going out this weekend?  i am going to some wedding with shirley on saturday.  i might go out fri.  let me know what is going on. 
 2nd pick is available if you can package a good offer together. 
 did you win your car? 
 i probably am going to cancel my sailing lessons b/c i don't have a car b/c that dude backed out on me.  i got to work this morning and he left a message for me last night at work saying his wife didn't want to sell it.  i am pissed.  i was ready to have it today.  i need to look for a car this weekend b/c this fell through.  i will be at telas tonight also. 
 i will be there.  it is at 8 right? 
 i cant open it 
 we bought tickets for $30.  it is a different place.  what did you do on new years?  i wasn't that excited for it this year. 
 i need to get tickets for my visit home.  how do you want me to do it.  it is $350 for a flight over the net. 
 that dude flaked on me over the car today. 
 is it still the 18th of august.  if it is i am in. 
 you might want to package a deal and move up to number 1 b/c if not you wont get the player you want.  daddy has #1. 
 does your head hurt 
 i have the number 1 pick in the draft.  i will trade it to you for your 1st and 2nd pick in the draft.  let me know what you  think. 
 i took my scooter to work.  i don't have a headache.  i didn't drink that much.   annitiation 
 what does it look like? 
 i can only go fri and sat night not three days. 
 he is free.  they are getting him at the min.  he will be a good back up.  he just wants a chance to win a ring. 
 are those lsu recruits?  where can i see that stuff? 
 where is that dudes chevy place? 
 that guy screwed me on the car.  he backed out.  he left me a message at work to tell me he wouldn't sell it.  he had already signed the bill of sale.  now he wont return my message.  he is a pussy. 
 i bought another tahoe fri.  it is red with tan interior.  looks great. 
 i bought a car this weekend.  i got a chevy tahoe.  it is really nice.  it is an suv.  i will try to call this week. 
 i am going to go to vegas.  i am only going to go for fri and sat night. i emailed jacques back but i get messages saying he isn't receiving the email. make sure he knows i am going.  i am not going to alex's party.  i have too much to do here.  are you hooking up with the girl? 
 do i need to rotate?  i wasn't planning on rotating right now.  i have been given new responsibilities on my desk and i don't want  to rotate and give those up.  please let me know what i need to do to stay in this group.  thanks 
 thanks for taking me.  i had fun.  i felt fine yesterday.  like a champ. good thing i didn't take shots. 
 maybe check with your travel agent and see if she can ge a cheaper flight. $350 is a lot.  i will schedule it this week.  love matt 
 tom white from enron?  why did he want me to give him a call?  i want to live in florida now.  maybe he knows of some good areas to check out. 
 is that the guy from enron? 
 i knew about trickett but  not the other guy. 
 he isn't ceo of enron.  he is a ceo of one of the subsidiaries.  still a big wig and multi-multi millionaire. 
 you haven't received the toys r us stuff yet? 
 check within a 1/2 hour and it should be there.  i accidently gave the wrong email.  i put hfp instead of hfl. how was the trip? 
 he recognized me.  i told him i busted you two.  i have pictures.  he is sending me cash so i don't send them to his wife.  watch out for her.  she might be after you if i don't get that cash soon.  are we partying this weekend?  let me know.  how was your weekend? 
 i bought a ride on friday.  it is a pretty cool car - kind of retro.  i bought a gremlin, like the one in wayne's world.  some people laugh at it, but i think it is pretty cool.  it is also affordable.  tell angie she can't get into a fist fight.  i don't want to be embarassed if we all go out.  you guys can't throw your central gang signs or whatever you guys do before you represent. 
 it is purple.  i am going to paint the tires yellow and it will be the official car of the lsu alumni club. 
 thanks for your analysis ron jaworski. 
 that is fine.  i should be there around 5:30. 
 chicks dig gremlins. 
 Here are some of the California power sheets I have put together using your database.  I have filled in the historical data using the CEMS database, but that only runs through March-00.  Let me know what you think b/c there seems to be holes in the data. 
 around 8.  i was too dead to get up.  i will get it today.  his buddy adam got arrested that night for public intoxication. 
 are you gonna play or just tell us to hustle from the bench? 
 mick-  of the three colts the one you definately don't want with the 4th pick is marvin harrison.  i will trade you the 1st pick.  i have an offer for you if you want to look at it. 
 have you purchased your ticket for vegas yet?  i am going to get mine this week.  let me know if you are going. 
 yeah.  let me know the plans.  sat night right? 
 did you get the tickets.  i want to come home that thurs night sometime after work and then come back to houston monday afternoon.  let me know.  love matt 
 i can only go out sat night.  i have sailing lessons sat and sun morning.  if i get sea sick sat i might not be able to go out.  let me know the plans for sat. 
 i have a new one for you to download on napster:  lord tariq and peter gunz:   deja vu.   you will definately like this one.  let me know when it is a good time to burn another cd. 
 sounds good. thanks. 
 did you see dynegy's earnings.  three times what they were in q2 1999. 
 good, safe and clean fun?  didn't add to your corruption score?  is that the tubbing place? 
 yeah motherfucker.  i am gonna ball tonight.  i need to take my game up a notch.  tonight i am gonna blow up.  pass me the damn ball.  hopefully we don't play the team that dunks. 
 what is going on in dallas?  is that where you are from?  i heard it is fun to go out up there.  i am staying in town this weekend b/c i have sailing lessons.  i am going to go out sat night if i don't get sea sick.  i got sea sick when i was on the cruise so i don' t think that i am going to be much of a sailor.  let me know if you guys have a happy hour. 
 we should just not show up next week.  it is a 9 o'clock game against dudes who are going to embarrass us.  i would rather watch the real world or something. 
 admit it.  you watch road rules and real world.  you stay home all day sunday on the couch and watch 20-30 consecutive episodes.  i know you do b/c the only other thing on is nascar. 
 scroll down to the bottom of the email and double click on the attached file 
 something was wrong with the email system and all the emails i sent a week ago are getting there now.  everyone is emailing me asking what the hell my emails mean.  i pay attention to your emails. 
 i am going to stay home tonight.  i need my beauty sleep. it is also nice being at home alone b/c chad is out of town.  i probably won't go out until sat. 
 that sounds great.  thanks a lot. 
 who is inga? 
 you know what my porn name is?  it is francis marion.  you can figure yours out by taking your middle name and adding it to the name of the street you grew up on. 
 it sucks to be somewhere flat for new years 
 you always think that i am lying. 
 you are going to pat benatar?  i wouldn't admit that at work, you might get demoted.  i am not going out tonight.  i need my beauty sleep.  i am planning on sat night so either call me at home or on my cell (713)8258410. 
 I just wanted to rsvp for the ENA function on Aug. 2.  Matt Lenhart 
 looks like i might be coming to denver for a couple of days the first or second week of august.  i don't know how much time i will have but i will let you know the plans next week.  there is some kind of gas convention called coga held up there.  i think i will be golfing and meeting with people some of the time.  i should have some time though and we can get together.  i will let you know.  matt 
 i think i might be going to this gas conference on aug 7th.  that is a monday.  if that is the case, i will try to fly into town either fri night or saturday so i can have more time there.  i will let you know more monday. 
 i don't know the number at the hotel so you cant call me to move.  sorry. 
 Matt Lenhart 3208A 3-7176 Supervisor: Phillip Allen 
 i just got my ticket for vegas.  i am arriving fri the 18th at 7:30pm.  be ready to party b/c money doesn't sleep big boy. 
 i got my ticket for fri the 18th.  i arrive in vegas at 7:30.  be ready to party b/c "money doesn't sleep". 
 how was new years?  i stayed in town and went to prague. 
 i would like the broncos newsletter 
 wild west sucks.  the only good thing was that there was $1 beers.  i hated country music and there were a ton of necks there.  how was that movie? 
 looks like i will get to denver tues, aug 8th in the afternoon and leave thurs aug 10 in the afternoon.  i wont have much time but we will figure something out.  i have to work in the mornings out of the denver office and then we have some seminars to go to in the afternoon and some golf tourneys. i will figure something out and let you know. 
 what is the current head count on this trip? 
 it wasn't that bad.  i didn't get my ass kicked by some rednecks so it was ok.  you going out this week?  i might go out thurs.  if not we will hit downtown this weekend.  i will even drive my gremlin out. 
 i will have a little time.  one night you will have to hit the town.  drinks on the corp card. 
 it was scary but terrible?  how was volcanoes? 
 two steppin' is for people who cant dance & i am a great dancer so therefore i do not two step. 
 you guys like the worst places.  wild wild west, surf side sally's.  please tell me that the party won't end up at "shock 2000: the radioactive dance factory".  just let me know the plans & i will be there. 
 volcanoes was full of hotties?  i should have been there.  i might skip adrians and meet up with everyone later.  i hate adrians.  who knows. 
 tough loss.  pac 10 sure is tough for texas to beat. 
 you hate erika also. 
 chad is not going b/c he is in a wedding.  tim said he is a game time decision, so i wouldn't count on it right now. 
 i will probably go to woody's thurs if i have a good week. 
 why aren't you going? 
 tell him to take us out on it.  how much does a boat like that cost? 
 i am definately going to the tenn game.  i am going to try to make at least three games.  it is hard to do these trips as a student with no steady income.  give me a call when you get a chance. 
 i will try to get those names for you today.  if i don't do it today just remind me and i will get it done asap. 
 you going to vegas.  i just got my ticket. 
 i would sell my house and move on the boat.  i would probably buy a pet alligator to keep on deck to protect my property.  golf this weekend if i don't have sailing lessons.  they bagged me on the lessons last weekend. 
 send me that picture again.  i accidently deleted it. 
 jeff-  could you get me access to a foward curve for pv, np, & sp? thanks for your help.  matt 
 you are an 832.  i would try to get that changed as quickly as possible.  you don't want to be an 832.   i did get your message.  you love that song don't you? 
 yeah but i  am not going to tell people you are an 832.  if you meet a guy don't give him that number right away until you thinks he likes you b/c that could be a deal breaker. 
 i have a late basketball game tomorrow night that i forgot about. 
 probably around 10.  if not tomorrow definately thurs. 
 who cares about the last 4 digits?  it is the area code that matters. 
 just in case you didn't see it- 4 broncos made the 1st team all decade team. elway is the starter and your boy in sf didn't even make 2nd team tim. 
 you say brister could make the all decade team throwing to rice and young couldn't?  that is not saying much for your boy.  he is better than brister, just not elway. 
 do i need to stop using my previous i.d. and password and use this instead? 
 i just found out that i get in tues afternoon and leave thurs afternoon.  we will try to get together at least once. 
 i decided not to go b/c nobody really had any plans.  i didn't want to drive either.  chad is moving tomorrow.  are you guys partying this weekend? 
 i am going there for basically two days the second week of aug.  i won't have much time.  hopefully i will meet them for lunch or something but it is definately going to be a short visit.  at least i will be back two weeks later.  did grandma get her truck?    hopefully you and billy can make it over labor day weekend.  i just bought a new car.  it is actually a used chevy tahoe.  i love it.  it is so much nicer than the jeep.  it is too nice for me but as long as i am meeting my goals in savings each month i think i can afford it.  hope all is well.  tell billy hello.  matt 
 i am probably going to go to woody's 
 if anyone is up for getting some drinks at woody's tonight i am in.  i am going to test my new theory out tonight: hot school teachers don't have anything to do in the summer so they go out to try to meet guys with careers that can support them.  it is actually just a hypothesis at this point, but sierra on wednes. has added support.  let me know if you are in. and remember it is the in the name of science.  out 
 you are one of the lead researchers on the project.  we need you. 
 are we golfing sun afternoon? 
 where are you going after adrians. 
 we are going to cadillac and then the swan. 
 who is this? 
 how was woody's when i left?  who all is going out with you on sat? 
 you forgot to add stanford to your list.  i think they worked you over too. 
 me, chad, this dude steve and maybe a straggler or two. 
 are there any hotties coming? 
 how is everything in south florida?  things are busy here.  i am not storming the campuses for sorority chicks, but that isn't a bad idea.  email me your phone number again & i will try to write it down this time. 
 that is funny 
 I have a question on the generation number we are pulling from your database.  The hydro numbers are coming in positive and negative.  Could you please explain the difference there when you get a chance.  Thanks for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 here is your test.  don't lie. 
 happy belated birthday.  i will try to call tonight.  i was playing golf and didn't get home until 9 last night and went to bed. 
 yeah. don't mess with texas.  i didn't know you called. 
 $50.  not much for a shooter like me.  i will probably win it tonight at liars poker. 
 sure 
 you don't think the saints will make the playoffs now?  just this past weekend you were telling me that your in depth analysis led you to conclude a playoff berth for the saints.  you don't want to back up those statements after the saints preseason opener?  it sounds like every saint fan in august: predicting the playoffs in august and wearing a paperbag on your head by week 5. 
 you spelled sholes wrong. 
 worked good.  i downloaded a few songs from scour.com into your network. they are under c:\program files\napster\music. 
 are you going to buy or just cheer it on? 
 did you change your number?  i called once left a message.  there wasn't a greeting on the machine so i don't know if you got it or not.  i will be in town tues afternoon and i leave thurs afternoon next week.  hopefully we can get together for lunch or breakfast. 
 men's club 
 what city is that area code from? 
 actually i am staying at the adam's mark hotel downtown.  i will definately be able to see you guys at least once.  i am not sure what the schedule is so i will just play it by ear.  i wish i was coming in for the weekend, but the tickets were twice as much and they don't want to pay for my vacation.  call me tonight & i will let you know details. 
 you're hurting my feelings. 
 rocked 
 going out this weekend?  golf maybe tomorrow. 
 give me a call.  i will be home all weekend chillin'.  i will be in denver tues afternoon around 2.  i think we are golfing with customers when we get in and i have a dinner that night.  wednes i am in a golf tourney in the morning so maybe that afternoon we can get together.  i have a dinner wednes night. so if we don't get together wednes afternoon maybe lunch thurs before i take off. 
 this video is so funny.  these two guys are a couple of dumb asses. 
 how did you do on the corruption test? 
 how was new years in new orleans?  did you shoot your 9 in tha air @ 12 
 what did you go to dallas this weekend for?  it wasn't fun?  not much went on here.  i am going to denver tomorrow for work for 3 days.  golfing and boozing.  sounds good huh?  i will be back this weekend but i need to save my money for vegas next week. 
 i am going to vegas for a bachelor party.  should be fun.  i don't think you would have fun with us unless you were jumping out of a cake or something. 
 yeah 
 do a mud pie thing 
 sorry to hear that.  did you pass any of the sections?  this weekend was pretty laid back.  what did you do?  i am trying to save money before i go to vegas in two weeks so i will be laying low for a bit. 
 who sings that 80's song  "harley davidson - of a bitch".  that is the corus. 
 there are hurricanes sprouting up everywhere 
 can't make it.  i am saving money for vegas next week. 
 how do you like that ene now?  it is very strong.  i will be in tomorrow around 2pm.  you can reach me on my cell phone at (713)825-8410.  maybe we can get together tomorrow or wednes. 
 no it is 80's club stuff. 
 we can get her a lap dance 
 i get back from denver that night around 10pm so i don't think that i can make it. 
 that place sucks.  lets go somewhere else. 
 who you taking with the second?  can't trade it can you? 
 i am going to take stephen davis. 
 boondoggle.  golf & booze.  i need to meet with some customers. 
 plove only knows the skanks over at the pink pussycat, so that is an option. the girls are not that bad if we bring some clearisil for the blemishes and a couple of cases of beer. 
 i am going to take rodell meally.  he can recover from that acl quickly. 
 your wife isn't on this list.  you don't need to lie about going there. 
 sorry shooter 
 i wont tell.  you could be sakora pine.  that is a pretty good porn name. 
 that is the best news i heard all day.  how was new orleans. 
 i am a big shooter. 
 what is your brother in law's name? 
 I have been out of town the last couple of days.  If you want to meet today that would be fine. 
 you don't like my secretary?  what is going on?  how was your party?  i was in denver. 
 i would go but i need to save money b/c i am going to vegas next weekend.  i was there for work.  it was fun.  we just drank  and went golfing.  let me know what is going on tonight. 
 allegedly 
 i need rest.  i am dead. 
 nevermind.  there was a guy from louisiana at this conference who worked at reliant.  it wasn't your bro in law though. 
 i need to sleep.  i am worn out from denver.  i just went golfing and drinking in denver.  it was fun but now i am tired.  i need to save some money b/c i am going to vegas next weekend.  when is your cruise? 
 i sent her a gift certificate from amazon.  should be in the mail now and it is addressed to lori.  gas did come off.  weather looks nice everywhere.  how was new years? 
 definately.  let me know when you get back and we can go.  have fun. hopefully you won't hit any hurricanes. 
 have you heard any more about vegas? 
 i leave around 6 or 7.  someone needs to send an email and let us know what is up.  do we even have hotel reservations? 
 between 8 & 9.  who all is even going on this thing now? 
 this is funny 
 not  much.  maybe golfing tomorrow.  you still going to austin? 
 that made my day 
 there is no need to redraw 
 we are not redrawing just b/c hoskins quit and the guy with the last pick wants to get a better position. 
 i won't be able to pick up griese if i don't have the first pick 
 keepin it real in 2-0-0-1 
 i think he could go to the pro bowl and start ahead of manning this year. 
 can you follow me to the car dealership at lunch tomorrow at lunch so i can drop off the tahoe to get fixed? 
 i hope you miss that tropical storm in the gulf.  cant believe that there would be any hurricanes this time of the year out there.  did you see 'the perfect storm'? 
 i don't want my car to be powdered up.  it will look like i am driving a mary kay car. 
 foward me the email from jacques. 
 i guess you owe me $50 since you haven't returned with your score.  must have been a pretty high score.  you can pay me whenever or get my money to shirley. 
 that girl jennifer the secretary works up here now.  should i put in a good word for you? 
 what did you do on new years?  sorry i didn't come.  i didn't feel good and i didn't feel like driving 10 hours for a short weekend.  i was glad sunday i wasn't on the road b/c i felt like shit.  did you see lsu? 
 the web page will have everything 
 i think you must have set a record or something on it.  if you would have passed easily i am sure i would have heard from you earlier.  i think you scored around a 200 or something.  don't be a welch.  just admit you lost and pay your debt. 
 check the web again 
 are you looking for a job here or something? 
 use a printer and print it off 
 is that how one of your dirty stories started in that porn mag you have? 
 Here is the forecast.  Our meeting using these numbers won't be until tomorrow so they will most likely change shortly. 
 sorry to send this dumb email but i am supersticious. 
 thanks for sending that chain letter.  i am supersticious. 
 you can't send it back.  those chain letters don't work like that.  what type of car did you buy?  i cant wait to see it and take it out on the town to pick up chicks when i come home. 
 did you and mike go to maiden voyage? 
 teacher of the year 
 i won't be able to play friday.  i leave at 530pm.  i will check on job stuff today.  i will probably need you to email your resume to me when you get a chance. 
 oohh la la.  who was your "friend"?  did you guys read those stories together?  i am good.  i am ready for vegas baby!  it is going to be epic. 
 don't mess with married men.  that is bad karma. 
 i gave her a thrill. 
 two married guys? 
 are you looking to get in to i.t. again or more of a commercial role? 
 home wrecker. 
 send me your resume and i will get it to some people in both groups.  call me tonight and we can discuss this. 
 friday.  i am gonna pick me up a call girl and act out dirty fantasies all weekend.  i want to be dressed in diapers and spanked like a bad boy.  i want to have my diapers changed.  how much do you think all that would cost? 
 i got your email address.  hope you had a great new years.  love matt 
 it won't really go through him b/c he doesn't do the hiring. 
 when i am married i want a girlfriend 
 aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!  them is jus jokes 
 i was thinking a little younger 
 dem is jus jokes 
 i have a trade for you that will give you one more pick.  you give me your 2nd round pick and i will give you my 3rd rd & 6th rd picks.  two for one-zies.  let me know what you think. 
 the best moment of your life 
 cool.  i will be home by 8 tonight 
 do you want to make a trade for your 2nd rd pick? 
 mom said you weren't feeling well.  i just wanted to send you an email to see how you are doing.  i hope you feel better.  hopefully you will be able to make it to denver.  this should make you feel better, i am still terrible at golf.  i shot a 100 the other day, so i think you can still take me.  i will be in vegas this weekend for a bachelor party but i will try to call next week. 
 we just got that center wilkerson.  he is the best lineman in the country. 
 keep me up to date on his condition.  i will be in vegas this weekend so if anything happens please let me know.  you can reach me on my cell phone at 713-8258410.  your car sounds great.  see you soon. 
 don't deny it. 
 i was thinking that i give you a 3rd and 4th for your 2nd 
 those are pretty funny.  i am going to vegas this weekend.  i will play some slots for you. 
 i will play 
 does that get you through the night?  thinking of the passion and heat you felt in the cold & frigid air in colorado. 
 here is something to be proud of.  i can put this on a resume.  tom, you can say you lived it. 
 i haven't written all day.  sorry.  i usually just wait for you to write and then reply. 
 I will give you my 2nd, 5th, 8th  for your 2nd & 6th 
 you just slipped and fell b/c you were in such a hurry b/c your were so excited 
 i need to pick up my jacket tonight.  will you be there around 7? 
 i am going to vegas.  you always bring sex up anyway.  plus that is all we know of eachother. 
 vegas baby!  i spoke with jacques the other night.  he is going to leave a message with me at the desk.  so i will leave one there with you.  we are at harrah's accross from ceasars and mirage.  better have your game face on dog. 
 the theme for the weekend is " can til i can't" - drink from when i can see til i can't. 
 in 
 you fear it 
 let me think about it.  i am deep at wr.  show me a bid for griese and maybe something can be worked out. 
 do i have enough time to grow a mullet? 
 what about extensions or a weave?  do you think those would look natural? tell me what i should wear. 
 no thanks 
 vegas was fun.  i am tired.  i had to go to portland afterwards. 
 great.  he can go there with all the talent in the world and get run by the pac-10. 
 ah no thanks 
 i am in on this 
 i am emailing about the football pool.  bryan hull told me to give you an email and you could sign me up.  just let me know what i need to do.  matt lenhart 
 griese for duece 
 did you go on your vacation yet?  i hope you are not on it now b/c there is a huge hurricane heading into the gulf.  you could end up like gilligan. 
 are you guys going on a date or something 
 i will tell him i am your pimp 
 woman dont ya know i'll kill ya 
 i will take that bet. 
 i don't have hbo 
 you should thow a rager.  congrats 
 i hope i have a girlfriend after i get married.  that would be nice. 
 did i say something wrong? 
 which age comment?  the one when i said that you were too old to be my girlfriend after i get married? 
 yeah baby i am in town this weekend.  i called the h.r. woman and she hasn't called back.  i am gonna email her your resume.  it looked good. 
 hey, cheer up pumpkin.  you aren't thirty yet so don't worry about it. 
 um, why do your knees hurt?  have you been bad? 
 i am always good.  i know the secret.  but i haven't put my good secret to use lately. 
 she was on howard stern and some 18 year old won a prom date with heard and lost his v-card.  she kind of dated him for a bit.  nice girl. 
 you make them.  i just don't think they will win the next two nat'l champ. 
 give me edgerrin 
 i was about to accept that. 
 well compared to chad i get more action than a porn star.  the secret is a secret.  i can't let it out.  you saw that seinfeld. 
 Harry-  I just offered up a trade to you.  Take a look when you get a chance and let me know what you think. 
 where are you with your family?  i went to vegas and lost money.  watch out for that  hurricane.  if it strenthens think of me b/c i will be happy b/c that will mean that gas prices increase.  we will go out and party when you get back. 
 yeah.  uh thanks for calling  at 1:30.   you sounded mollered.  where did you go?  who did you go out with? 
 make some changes and i will send it to her today.  she didn't get back to me but i will call her again today.  i might go tonight.  what time is it tonight. 
 just send it to me from home tonight and i will get it to the lady tomorrow. let me know if you go tonight and i might tag along. 
 are you going to try to be an investment banker on wall street?  that would be cool.  i could visit & try to meet some models that i might want to marry. 
 i mean big 12.  i don't think they will win the next two nat'l championships.  texas definately won't. 
 i wish i lived the life of a rock star.  that would be good.  actually life is good.  work is going well.  do you feel better?  hopefully we can get out to phoenix over thanksgiving again so you can beat the tar out of me at golf.  here is my analogy of you & me at golf:  you are tiger woods on sunday and i am greg norman at the masters on sunday.  i will try to call this weekend.  love matt 
 you are in nyc?  no your not.  don't set me up with the dirty talker, i am afraid she would embarass me. 
 i hope it becomes a hurricane too.  huricanne = $$$$ for me.  call me when you get back from your 3 week vacation.  it must be really hard over there at deloit. 
 are you really in nyc? 
 you lucked out.  there isn't a hurricane. 
 i probably will party tomorrow b/c it is going to be the best day of work ever.  i actually kind of interviewed at csfb in nyc.  that would be huge if you got a job with them.  i know two guys that work there.   if you are in banking you better get used to 80-100 hours a week.  talk to you later holmes. 
 we cant go get drinks if you are in a body cast.  that would look to crazy. i would be trying to pour a margarita down the opening for your mouth.  i am glad the weather is good.  it really doesn't matter too much about the hurricane.  call me when you get back. 
 lucky fuck 
 i went to woody's last night.  there was such a hottie coming in when i was leaving and i would have stayed but today was such a big day at work i couldn' t be exhausted and hung over.  she could have been my wife.  i love woody's when it is warm.  ken's email is kenneth.shullklapper@enron.com 
 i meant the big 12.  i don't think that they will win the next two. 
 Toni-  Here is the resume I left you a message about.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 i told her that you were interested in her 
 sure.  maybe. 
 put it in the paper dog 
 marquis.  i like volcanoes better.  good day at work? 
 what does sp mean? 
 you must be on this "best conference" kick b/c your team lost.  sec had a down year by their standards, but that isn't the point.  lsu beat a good georgia tech team to win the peach bowl.  texas lost to a pac-10 team.  i don't need to pump up the lsu's conference b/c we won our bowl game.  i will pay you, but it is pretty sad that you are cheering for an arch rival that smoked you guys in dallas. 
 just open an account at www.wsex.com 
 this is a league where you pick all 16 games on the spread each week and if you get the most games correct you win $$.  it is only 50 
 looks like the flight will depart,  but they cannot give me info until tomorrow.  the flights today are taking off.  i arrive at 8:55. 
 i get in thurs night.  we can go out either fri or sat or both. 
 this guy is a regular carl lewis 
 i see your brother in law doing some trades on line with us 
 8-3.  tenn.  sucks.  we roll them. 
 i leave for denver on thurs. 
 lsu owns texas.  did we not beat you at basketball and baseball in their most important collegiate tournaments?  why does everyone from ut think they have such a storied program?  you haven't won in decades.  your current coach has proved he can't win big games.  you guys will be ranked high (as you were this year), but you won't hold that ranking.  texas has the easiest schedule and they will manage to lose an early one as usual.  all i heard last year at this time was that 2000 was supposed to be the year, but look how that turned out.  you guys should be a little more competitive next year against ou. good luck. 
 i heard you were anyway 
 we can get drinks wed if you would like. let me know when a good time is. 
 i get back monday night.  we can get a drink next week.  that actually works out better for me anyway.  what are you doing this weekend. 
 i haven't found out about my test yet.  i am pretty sure i failed.  i didn't study enough. 
 i called her and she still isn't there.  i wonder if she still has a job here. 
 she still works here.  she is probably on vacation or something.  i am sure she will get right back to daddy when she gets in town.  she sounds hot. 
 i am going to denver.  i will be ready for it next week. 
 i am going to denver tomorrow.  i am excited to get home for a couple of days.  how did you know i went to the black swan?  i saw some girl who was at that wedding we went to and she lives in your apt. complex. 
 i had manning but i traded him away b/c i had no backs.  now i have vodka collins starting for me. 
 did you talk to max?  what night should we go out?  if we only go out 1 night i vote sat.  if we go out both that is cool too.  what time is cu/csu? 
 i am going to go out.  give me a call at home or on my cell. 
 csu is the underdog and i would bet that they get punished.  tell max to stay out of the ghetto.  property there doesn't appreciate. 
 thanks for the email.  i am hopefully taking off tomorrow night, but i am not sure b/c  i am flying united.  it will be good to be home for a few days. vegas was fun.  i went for a bachelor party.  some of my friends are starting to fall.  i hope billie's mom is okay.  i will talk to you soon.  love matt 
 what the fuck are the highlands 
 isn't that where the vatos live 
 i have that work trip on oct. 21st.  is there another weekend that you could come to n.o.? 
 disregard my last email.  we might not be going on that weekend. 
 i called united and it sounds like my flight will fly.  see you tonight. 
 i can go that weekend. 
 is that your babe 
 we couldn't get in.  the line wasn't moving so we went to the hub.  i tried to call your cell phone and leave a message.  i got your message late last night about the movie.  my cell phone was upstairs and i couldn't hear it ringing.  how was mercury room? 
 nothing more sexy than a girl that can dance 
 what is going on?  i don't think we need your tickets.  if you want me to try to sell them there i will.  how was labor day weekend for you?  what did you do? 
 can you foward me the rules for that loser league? 
 can you send down your rockies forecast again?  i need to look at your numbers for the winter again.  thanks  matt 
 that game was great.  i was so impressed with griese & gary & the whole office.  the defense is a major concern.  i am torn between being impressed with what they did on the road in a hostile environment or being freaked out b/c of that defense.  st. louis had a good defense last year.  i hope their defense is still good b/c that would say a lot about our offense. 
 how was your labor day. 
 37176 
 the defense couldn't even stop them.  they have no place to go but up.  i am concerned about the d.  you need that to win in the playoffs. 
 olandis gary tore his acl.  he is out for the season. 
 nope.  we can hit the town this weekend.  i like that place the hub.  they play good music. 
 how did that happen.  i thought there was all mo's and no ho's. 
 who is that 
 Eric told me to shoot you an email to bid on a free agent.  I want to bid $5 on Mike Anderson of the Broncos.  Let me know what else I need to do.  Thanks, Matt 
 during the 3rd quarter 
 do i need to just send you a check for $20 or should i just send the $50?  is there just a tally at the end of the year with the payouts then? 
 congratulations!  is that in austin or houston? 
 denver was nice.  i just played golf and took it easy.  when is your test? are you watching the lsu game this weekend?  i think that we are going have a bbq somewhere for the game.  i will let you know. 
 daddy won the first week. 
 what are you going to be doing? 
 cram 
 we will finish top ten next year in the polls 
 you guys have happy hour every night.  what time are you going thurs? 
 so are you now an analyst - investment banker?  is your pay better?  are you going to work 90 hours a week? 
 , 
 you going?  if it is next weekend sign me up. 
 only problem is that there is an lsu game sat. 
 what does he trade 
 remember this.  we might need to go check it out after  the game. 
 i heard it was good.  i think we might check it out after the game. 
 bbq at tim's or something and then lets go to the crawl thing. 
 i am going to tonight. 
 Here is the morning ops.  Congrats on the new baby. 
 if shirley hasn't left town yet i think i can get him a ticket.  let him come even if nobody back out anyway.  it doesn't matter squeezing 1 more person into the room. 
 i can probably meet up with you guys around 7:30ish.  will you guys still be there at that time?  call me on my cell at (713)853-7176 if you guys go somewhere else. 
 i will drive if it doesn't rain.  my windshield wipers don't work. 
 hoskins car is too small 
 the girl i was going to talk to in this group is out today.  i will talk to her.  she is always asking me if i know any analyst who need work.  i am gonna be a rock star sat night. 
 this isn't porn is it 
 i will try to meet you there 
 did you open an account on world sports exchange?  if you open one use me as the referral and i will split the $50 with you and we can make a bet.  i might go meet jill and them for drinks around 730 if you want to go. 
 call the cell 
 queen 
 thanks for sending me another chain letter.  i am very superstitious. 
 how was last night?  sorry i didn't make it.  i was planning on going but i got home late.  i did check out woody's.  it was ok.  when do you leave for okla? 
 where did you guys go after cadillac? 
 have you signed up with world sports exchange?  refer me.  my user name is mlenhart.  we can split the $50 that they will put into my account and place a parlay bet. 
 sammy marcos and wayne gonz want to come 
 you have too much time on your hands. 
 when you do it give me a call on my cell and i will call in a bet. 
 i think we might go to someones place and then go out afterwards 
 i know someone else who wants to play coed softball if there are space available for guys. 
 try to find out where club monkey is going sat and we will front run them to the bar. 
 here it is 
 i have a good idea for that business.  there are all these gov't forclosure properties that we should buy up cheap.  we can discuss it more next time we get drunk. 
 i heard langley is out for the year.  who will fill that gap? 
 no subject = ebonics?  that makes no sense. 
 i heard it is 8.5.  i will try to talk to someone today. 
 it was ok.  i went to austin fri night and watched the ut game on sat.  how was that wedding?  was it worth going up to neckville, oklahoma? are you hitting the town this week?  let me know if you want to go get a drink. 
 do you have your resume to email me again.  i can't remember where i saved it. 
 i can get you on that team if you can get that girl to play.  i guess they need girls on the team 
 i am worried about them dropping like flies.  i thought last year we were injury prone but this year is worse.  i am still skeptical about the defense.  next week will tell a lot. 
 i want to do it.  it will be fun to be your boss. 
 not you please.  she can wear one.  i think it is on tues. 
 rules of attraction less than zero glamorama  read in that order. 
 i heard from the girl you beat up.  she told me you said "what are you looking at bitch?"  and then you told her "this is central fool, you'd betta recognize!".  sounded like you really took it to her.  i am going to the tenn game.  i am probably going to woodrows for the next game. 
 they told me to send in the resume to h.r. 
 i tried but they have to go through it anyway.  i told them to inquire about your resume. 
 it was just those three.  you have to read them in that order. 
 we should go to n.o. over the first weekend in december and catch the broncos at the saints 
 we can do that or go when we planned and hit the lsu game 
 mike-  here are some of the ops sheets.  let me know if you need some of the others.  the cali power sheet is down so i cannot send it. 
 what did the sluts look like 
 i lost your number in austin.  i tried to give you a call last night and clear up our argument  from saturday.  that got way out of hand and i apologize for that.  there is no reason for me to be such a hot head about that.  give me a call when you get a chance and we can clear up that mess. your parents got your stuff yesterday.  let me know what you want to do with that tv.  talk to you later.  matt 
 see about scheduling that weekend then.  it is the weekend of dec. 3rd. 
 i won 3 of 4 sunday afternoon, lost 50 sunday night and lost 80 last night. struggled at the end.  going out thurs? 
 is that nov. 30?  i probably cannot get there until fri.  i can get tickets 
 that is really classy 
 i am making money taking the other side of the boys.  they suck this year. worst part is that they don't have 1st round picks next year.  call chris gaskill.  he should be able to send you a file of those gas dailies.  later. 
 i cannot go. 
 Cooper-  Here is the list of the hour ahead scheduled flows:  Generation: Load:  Imp/Exp: Humb  Humb  COI_BG NP15  NP15  El Dorado SF  SF  Mead SP15  SP15  PV ZP26  ZP26  Path 15   If we can get the data starting 9/1/2000 that would be great.  Thanks again for your help.  I hope this isn't too much trouble.  Matt 
 i sent your stuff into to someone else in h.r.  i haven't heard anything yet.  you might hear something before i do.  if i hear anything i will let you know.  woody's tomorrow? 
 i've got a great haircut 
 saban should tell him don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. 
 i am having the weekend kickoff tonight at woody's.  sat i think i am going to hit woodrows  to catch the lsu game.  what are you doing?  did you go to dave matthews? 
 do you want to go up to dallas the weekend of oct 7th and catch the ou-tex game.  i heard it is wild up there around that time.  all ou and tx chicks. we can stay at emmitts or something. 
 sorry about last night.  dinner took a while at el tiempo.  i was dead after eating. 
 are you going out tonight?  we are going to woodrow's for the game tomorrow. 
 yeah call me tonight.  i might try to go get a drink and just hang out tonight.  game is at 6.30.; 
 how about the broncos?  they looked good.  defense is still suspect. 
 you missed a hell of a saturday night.  all these hot chi-o's were a woodrows watching the lsu game.  they were all in from out of town and we met up with them later to go out.  there were about 12 of them and i would say 7 were hotties. 
 what about football 
 yeah.  didn't you get it already? 
 what is up with cu?  they suck.  i'm not going to run my mouth about the broncos b/c i don't want to jinx them.  defense will get better as they play more. 
 call me back.  i accidently hit a button on the phone to disconnect. 
 i am in.  do you need anyone else to play b/c chad wants to play if we have room.  we could always use another pass rusher. 
 are the softball games tues nights?  when do they start? where are they?  i need to tell that chick. 
 you can play football.  we play tomorrow night at 7pm. 
 yeah.  both of you can go.  just show up. 
 looks like we are going to have to find a couple of loser fijis who can't find dates for the tennessee game and lift their tickets.  i am so fired up for that game.  tim just told me it is the 6:30 game on espn. 
 Cooper-  The sheet that you sent me earlier doesn't refresh anymore.  It is  saying that a rollback transaction is missing.  Let me know if I need to do anything to fix it.  Thanks for your help.  Matt 
 what happened to griese? 
 here is the info.  let that chick know. 
 just let me know 
 no.  tell her it is off of buffalo spwy. 
 so you are going to just stay in and tame the shrue all night 
 sounds like you would be calculating a book each day.  it might be a good entry into trading, but i would check with them on how they have their program set up to get people into trading positions.  let me check with h.r. today.  they move slow.  i would ask some questions on that posting to find out where it would put you eventually.  trading is the way to go.  more money in trading and your opportunities would open up throughout the industry. 
 i think she is in.  i would stay away from scheduling.  you definately don't want to do that.  we might go out tonight to sierra.  i will let you know. 
 Pat-  I am bidding $5 for nedney (kicker-denver) 
 where you been bra? 
 i just spoke to someone who said they would make sure you get in for an interview.  i will know more in a couple of days. 
 i still owe you $30 right? 
 it is good.  it isn't his best.  wait until you get to glamorama.  so you have us set up for the 30th. 
 we got one more girl to play 
 is this on mon or tues 
 she is the one who is going to play 
 off of i-10 
 give me a call at work when you get a chance 
 Sara-  I am sending the resume of a friend of mine who I think is a good candidate for the associate program.  Please get back to me and let me know what else I need to do to get him in for an interview.  Thank you for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 what does mmmcchhhaaa mean?  is that the scary sound from friday the 13th? things have been good.  just been working a lot and living it up a little. that is great that you started teaching 4th grade.  i watched florida play last week.  they got lucky.  we will have to make a bet on the lsu-flor game.  i will take the points of course.  i will let you think of the bet since you are into that stuff.  i went out with jen & max in denver.  i guess they are back together.  what is a good smaller town in florida to live in. one with golf courses right on the ocean. 
 anne-  any luck with those np & sp/ on-off peak curves?  let me know when you get  a chance.  thanks, matt 
 Toni-  Here is a copy of my friends resume again.  Let me know if you can get him in for an interview.  Thanks,  Matt Lenhart 
 i am not moving there any time soon.  i need to get rich and then one day i might. 
 lisa gillette kendra something bryan hull 
 kendra dromgoole lisa gillette bryan hull   each one is like matthew.lenhart@enron.com.  they are all firstname.lastname@enron.com 
 lsu is only a 10 point dog.  it is hard not to want to take tenn.  i might take tenn and call it a "hedge". 
 your resume is out and about.  that lady is moving it to people who need some folks. 
 did she reply?  make sure they still aren't in high school. 
 not if i know i am 
 i will take minnesota -2 
 sorry i didn't call.  i was at work and i couldn't.  fri was a bad day. 
 plauche said that he was definately in.  did you get the rooms yet?  if you can get two since they are so cheap.  that way we can get girls back easier. 
 call me b/c i will forget.  i will even pay for the call.  just call and then i will call you back.  i forget at night.  i have a lot on my mind. 
 where did you find that 
 there was a school shooting in new orleans 
 sure i do.  give me a ring when you can. i can't wait to talk to you 
 do we need more people.  i can try to get more.  let me know 
 i want to bid 10 on jeff feagles. 
 don't call that late.  call before then.  i need my beauty sleep. 
 kayci-  what is going on?  the address for the place we are staying at is 931 st. peter.  it is on the same block as the gold mine and runs perpendicuar to bourbon st.  i will have my cell on me fri and that number is (713)825-8410. i arrive in new orleans aroudn 5:30 fri night so we can meet up whenever you guys want.  if you guys need a place to stay there is plenty of space in this house.  be ready to party.  don't wear your camoflauge when we go out.  i don't want to be embarrassed.  just kidding. 
 that is b/c that pussy knows he wont play 
 7 
 do we need any more people (chicks) on our team? 
 that is totally cory 
 i am glad you reminded me b/c i completely forgot.  this couldn't come at a better time b/c i am fucking broke.  i haven't been this since school.  send it to:  1212 fairview #a houston, tx 77006  wait until you get to glamorama.  it is the best except for 1 nasty chapter. you will know when you get to it.  lsu is on espn this sat night.  look for me tied on to some 19 year old hottie  drunk off my ass.  i will have some pledges tie around my head and bourbon all over the front of my shirt.  just go ahead and over night that check. 
 they figured it out.  it was their mistake.  how is everything.  i am going to baton rouge this weekend for the lsu game.  i should be fun.  i will call sunday. 
 i think that i am going to take it easy tonight.  i am going to br tomorrow so i need my rest.  are you going to the lsu game?  i cannot wait to get back in town.  where are you guys going out afterwards? 
 we have a softball game chief 
 i don't know but the field is located off of i-10 
 so i will take minn (1.5).  you want that? 
 san antonio and vidor 
 did you get in  touch with kim 
 you must be bad luck for the tigers.  was it fun last weekend?  i havent heard of lz's.  what do you guys  have 8 happy hours a week? 
 i was just in town over labor day weekend.  my hoodlum friends and i didn't get into too much trouble.  so do you have to learn new "internet terms"  in your new job.  you need do be able to talk the talk with those it folks. well the job sounds good if you are going to retire in one year.  i think i am going to work until i am 40 then i am moving to florida to live on the beach.  so how is denver?  i miss the good weather.  have you guys been partying?  did you have any good gossip for me.  you need to fill me in b/c i am way out of the loop.  good luck with your new job and email me back when you get a chance.  matt 
 is this going to be the buying op for apple? 
 i couldn't believe it when i heard it.  i would just hold it.  i am going to baton rouge this weekend.  hope all is well.  take care. 
 we are playing tenn.  they are going to hammer us.  i am going in.  it should be on at 530 espn your time.  griese and davis starting sunday? 
 do you have an extra glove?  also let me know where the game is at tues. what is the next game you are going in for? 
 i am in if our football game is at 9 
 i got min -1.5 for $30 
 bama is a definate.  just call me tomorrow and we can go out there.  i hope there is a hottie working 1st.  i will hit singles all day. 
 i am in. 
 the lsu game rocked.  davey hasn't been playing b/c he has been hurt.  if he would have played last week we would have beat uab.  denver defense sucks. that game made me sick.  i can do can cun for sure.  just let me know the dates.  what happened to cu?  i heard marcus houston hurt his hip. 
 it was awesome.  i didn't get your message until last night.  i didn't have my phone with me there.  it was so much fun.  that was one of the greatest games that i went to.  where did you watch it?  it sounded like you were partying some. 
 i will be in for cancun for sure. 
 i guess that means we need to go back to some more games.  i cant believe we didn't go. 
 when are we going to go get drinks with celeste's friend that is the hottie? 
 how about that game?  did you get to see it?  tell celeste to set it up for thurs.  we will go hit some cool place for drinks. 
 i went.  it was incredible.  one of the best games i have seen there.  rohan is the man.  we would be 4-1 if he could have played last week.  big game sat.  we need to do something for the game. 
 what do you mean i wasn't doing so hot saturday night?  i thought i was in great shape.  i was dancing better than menudo.  i was hurting when we left sat.  i almost puked in my car when i was driving back to houston.  going back to football games is so much fun, but the drinking kills you.  i haven't drank that much for that long in a while.  it was worth it.  i am tired today, but it is nice for everyone to say how we kicked ass this weekend.  i still can't believe you didn't get tickets.  i had extras.  i could have hooked you up.  i heard brittney spears was at fred's on sat night.  did you hear that.  not that i am a fan of hers, i just heard that.  shoot me another email when you get a chance.  matt 
 yeah.  you?  we have an extra day also.  i want to go out sat. 
 sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i went to bed.  i will try to call you tonight or tomorrow. 
 sounds good.  how long would we stay in cancun?  i don't think i can take 2 weeks again this year.  i could meet you in n.o. and we could fly from there or if you have to go to cancun through houston i can meet you here.  i will try to call tonight after my softball game.  hope all is well. 
 have you ever been to monterey, cali?  i get to go there in two weeks for a pipeline meeting.  it looks gorgeous.  is grandma still staying in town with you? 
 you said some embarrassing things on the message.  just kidding.   this weekend will probably be low key.  i am sure i will go out sat.  what are you doing? 
 i am down in the crowd somewhere. 
 i dont remember monterey.  i think i missed it when i was curled in a ball in the back seat freezing my ass off.  i cant wait.  i looks awesome. 
 i am playing golf one day.  i am going to fly into sf and drive down the coast to monterey.  should be nice. 
 i ran on the field.  it looked awesome.  i had a blast.  it was one of the top 3 games  i saw at tiger stadium. 
 it is okay if i am getting old b/c i age really well.  anyway, men get distinguished as they age.  i don't care how old i get just as long as i keep my hair.  i can't believe you don't like freds when it is packed.  that is the best time to be at that place.  i do feel better at work today.  i found out i get to go to monterey, cali in two weeks for a boondoggle.  it is all paid for and all i will do is booze and golf.  i look foward shit like that now.    you should be going out every night while you can.  one day you will hit the real world and you can't do that.  lsu is not the real world.  you can still party a lot while you work, you just have to be in pain at work and pretend like you are not hung over so they don't think you have a problem.  i usually go out 2-3 nights a week.  i try to live like a rock star (like britney spears).  email me back when you get a chance. 
 what is up?  i didn't have your email.  anyway, i think you called last night and i answered and i could hear you talking to somebody, but you couldn't hear me saying hello.  dirty george does some sick shit.  he lost his hand up his ass the other day.  how is the new job? 
 we need to book a trip to club med can cun.  i heard it is just like that show temtation island. 
 are we on for drinks with the hottie? 
 cool bra.  what is up for the game this weekend? 
 do you get to go to ny ever?  sounds good.  are you going to start working 100hrs/wk? 
 i have a joke for you.  Q:  what two words clear out a men's bathroom faster than anything?       A: nice dick 
 i don't listen to nsync.  i like color me bad more.  they are more my speed. they have a more mature sound.  you don't know what a boondoggle is?  a boondoggle is where another company takes you on trip to discuss business over golf and booze.  they pay for it all and it is usually fairly extravagant.  they make this job worth it.  i am having a shitty day.  i am losing a shit load of money.  do you go out every night or something?  you are living the wild life.  what are you taking the gre for?  what the fuck is the gre for anyway?  is that the grad school test?  what is your major?  i can't remember what you told me.  speech something?  where are you going to grad school? lsu?  talk to you later. 
 you must be a hoodoo for the tigers.  i went in for the tenn game.  it was awesome.  you dont realize how good we had it at school until you leave. check out md anderson.  it is the top cancer research hospital in the country.  how is everything going there?  i talked to our babe kelsey walker a couple of weeks ago.  she was in houston for a bachelorette party.  she is still hot.   i also saw  brooke and emily last weekend.  brooke looked good. i am planning on going to jacques wedding.  when is it?  what lsu games are you going back in for?  i am definately hitting the bama game and possibly miss st.   talk to you later. 
 i spoke to her yesterday.  if she doesn't get you an interview with that guy she is going to get you one later.  game at tim or val's. 
 sounds good. 
 we can bring some shit.  is this girl from the same town as celeste?  i am trusting you that she is hot.  i don't want to show up for some drinks and have to sit next to some troll.  well just let me know.  we can get drinks any night next week. 
 i think mitch is going to come over also. 
 i have your juvenille cd & i might not give it back.  you in town this weekend. 
 i just got a 46.  my mom is so proud she raised a good boy. 
 see how you do on this test.  let me know your score. 
 how did you lose 26 points from the last time you took the test.   you cannot pretend some of that stuff didn't happen. 
 i actually scored a 96.  that is respectable.  it doesn't make me a dope addict or dog lover so i am comfortable with it. 
 i didn't cheat like you did.  there is no way your score can go down on this.  i think you need to retake it and be honest with the test and be honest with yourself.  let me know what you really score. 
 did you see the debate last night?  i was impressed with cheney.  i thought he was more impressive than either presidential candidate. 
 wade might show up if that is ok 
 i tell him to bring some food 
 i am not going fucking ice skating.  that fag might be.  i think there is a power trader named rogers herndon.  why?  so what are you doing this weekend? 
 we should go get some beers after work at that new place near tim called the station or something.  let me know if you are in. 
 i am staying in town for the weekend.  what are you doing?  i think that i am going out sat.  give me a call if you are going out. 
 whenever.  i am ready to go now. 
 you won't be able to throw me when you are on ice skates boitano. 
 give me a call at work or at home when you can go. 
 i didn't bet with her.  she still owes me $50.  we came back to reality. 
 you didn't miss shit on saturday.  merc room was full of nothing but cougars.  it was a waste.  we need to hit this place called toc.  i heard that it is great. 
 texas sucks huh?  how was your weekend? 
 do you guys want to play golf sat morning?  let me know and i will get a tee time before the game. 
 somewhere decent.  if you want in i will get a tee time today. 
 damn!  you got a 112?  did you answer yes to the animal sex question?  i scored lower than you.  i scored a 96.  my mother would be proud.  i am just an angel.    you should move to the french riviera.  i think i am going to do something similar.  i need to go anna nicole and marry a rich old woman and move to the carribean.  i think i could quit work and become some old blue hair's boy toy.  i would only be a couple of years.  i would probably be able to get a girlfriend on the side who is more my age.  all i would really have to do is get on a different sleeping schedule than her and i could totally avoid her.  fuck working.  i don't want to use my mind.  i think that is what i am going to work on this weekend.  i can go volunteer at some old person place and find a honey.  sounds like a plan.  talk to you later. 
 is excel (psco) going bankrupt?  have you heard anything about that? 
 she lies 
 i don't think i can make it b/c we have a west desk dinner that night. 
 there was nothing but blue hairs there.  all the chicks were lying about their age.  i needed to escape that place.  my hair looks great today. 
 they are getting tighter.  my new diet seems to be working.  i need to drink more water so my skin will get smoother. 
 thanks.  i might check it  out. 
 Here are the prices.  Let me know if you need any other points. 
 sure. i will give you a call before i pick you up. 
 how much does the league cost for softball 
 i don't know what time i will be back.  i need to do cardio after work and then eat.  you still up for golf sat?  i will get the tee time tomorrow. 
 i have a tee time for 5 on sat @ 12:07 if you want to play.  the tee time is at herman golf course.  let me know today if you want in. 
 i don't think we bet, but i will give you the benefit of the doubt.  since florida won that makes us even.  here is the math:  you owe me 50 i owe you 50 net = 0  florida's math dept. must not have been that stellar.  so you and max are buying a house together?  that is good to hear.  i don't know what i am doing for thanksgiving.  one of my buddies from school is getting married that weekend and i might just go to that.  what else is new in denver?  you still selling drugs?  so who is going to be the bread winner, you or max?  i have been meeting some girls.  a lot of cougars.  cougars make me laugh b/c they think they are a hot commodity or something.  where are you and max going to buy?  does he still like the 5 points area?  that isn't exactly mayberry. well practice your math and keep in touch. 
 i have a dinner to go to 
 i was having my toenails buffed, but i watched it.  i am heading downtown sat 
 are you in love?  what is his last name? claven? 
 well i am glad you are happy.  how is work.  i have been getting my ass kicked lately. 
 i work out at the met.  i am trying to turn into an adonous.  i need to do more sit ups, eat more chicken, and drink more water. 
 you guys want to do this?  i will play. 
 i wanna be a gooder speller. 
 i got a tee time sat at 10 am.  the course is cypresswood.  let me know if you are in or out. 
 how is everything going?  did you have fun in denver?  how about the cornhuskers.  they seem to be getting by barely.  it should be interesting as they play better teams.  have you been golfing?  i haven't golfed in a long time, but  i am going saturday.  i am also going to california next week and will golf there.  give me a call this weekend if you get a chance. 
 i thought i heard something but i wasn't sure.  i just didn't buy it.  how is everything going? 
 let's try that new place main station tomorrow night instead of kinneally's. it is a block from the dog house. 
 i have to work through the 26th of dec.  i can start vacation on the 27th.  i think that is the day you said you wanted to head to cancun.  let me know when you get a chance. 
 here is a good excuse to get out of that concert:  lsu football game at 7. you don't need to mention to them that we are going to tear up downtown afterwards.  no holds barred is the motto this weekend. 
 i have to be here on the 26th.  i don't think we get that day off.  if we do have the day off  i can do whatever.  they guy i trade the northwest is going to be out of town, that is why i have to be here. 
 i will check the vacation schedule.  i don't know if i have the 26th or the 24th off.  i will find out today. 
 you got to make her forget that dude.  your money 
 we went out too late.  there were enormous lines to get into each place.  it sucked.  we need to get there earlier.   i might not be able to play tomorrow night. 
 she cannot play on the team now.  she coaches or something like that.  i don't think bryan will be at the game either.  lisa should be there. 
 i might be able to make it.  i will know tomorrow.  are you in town this weekend. 
 why?  doesn't soy clean the pipes? 
 are you in if it doesn't? 
 are you staying in town this weekend? 
 so are you going to get that car? 
 that is scary. 
 that is just gross 
 i should be at the game tomorrow night. 
 looks like she is going to play 
 i am in for the happy hour 
 check this out.  it is a beau rivage special 
 double or nothing means  if  i win you pay me 100  and if i lose we are flat.  do you remember you lost $50 to me on jan 1?  your math is bad.  our bet isn't if i win you owe me $100 and if you win i owe you $100.  that doesn't make sense.    you need to stop sniffing the glue.  how is the house hunting going?  so are you and max going 50/50?  i haven't met all cougars. i met a little hottie who is an education major.  she is still in school.  i am going young so when i get married i wont have to turn her in as early. cougars don't have a long marriage expectancy if you marry someone who wants to trade you in when you are really old for a younger model.  geaux tigers. 
 sounds good. 
 what is up party girl?  i heard you are quite the dirty dancer. 
 are you playing softball tonight? 
 what field are we on tonight? 
 i will just meet you there 
 good one 
 1212 fairview #a houston 77006 
 check this out it is pretty funny 
 do you get in on it? 
 jeff skilling was walking by when i opened it 
 12:05 at herman 
 why did they cancel it 
 how does this work 
 do you know who the winner is?  i bet you want to go out with him b/c he has a new truck & boat. 
 yeah.  nothing turns me on like a woman in a truck.  does she have rebel flag stickers on the truck and calvin peeing on a ford symbol sticker? 
 there is chinese food up here.  i think i am going to run down to the delivery van and free the dogs out of the back. 
 i heard you were throwing a huge halloween party. 
 i don't understand your rationale in this bet.  i was up $50 going into our bet, you were down $50.  for me to now be down $100 is a $150 swing.  why would i risk $150 vs. you risking $50?  florida's math dept. is lousy.  when are you and max going to vegas?  i just got back in town from monterrey, ca. it was another boondoggle for work.  here is a stock tip for you: pxlw. check it out.  also ene.  very strong long term. 
 we need to figure out something to do for halloween on sat night. 
 30-40 
 he is going to get hurt.  your forgot that the saints are cursed. 
 it is a 2:30 game.  if we win i am at fred's right after.  fuck eating. 
 what time the game tomorrow? 
 we need you back for softball.  we need a catcher. 
 texas did go to a bowl last year and get run by an arkansas team (sec) that was blanked 35-0 in their last regular season game against lsu.  big 12 can say they are up this year, but the fact is there are only two teams playing football in that conference, ou/nu.  the other teams in the big 12 attribute their loses to a competitive conference from top to bottom.  i think they should change the name of the conference to the big 2.  at least the sec is full of good teams.  "the big 12 - you can't shine shit!" 
 are we hitting sierra tomorrow? 
 we do need a rivalry.  we can get a new rivalry and write a fight song about that team.  that will take us over the top. 
 i have no plans for halloween.  what are you going to do?  i was thinking about just throwing a pre-party and then hitting the bars.  let me know what you think. 
 Mr. Jacoby-  I wanted to see when was a good time to meet with you regarding the PRC process.  Any day next week during the afternoon would be best for Phillip and I.  Get back to me when you can and we will set up a date and time.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 i haven't thought about what i should be.  i need to think about it.  i will let you know.  what did you have planned for saturday? 
 you going out tonight? 
 i didn't go to br.  i was in monterrey, cali and didn't get back until late fri.  what are you doing sat night for halloween?  i haven't seen you in a long time what has been going on?  i need to think of a good costume.  maybe i will be another mullet, just a different kind.  how is the job? 
 you hate gollata huh?  fights are a waste of money b/c they are never good. i made my mullet wig.  it is a work of art.  i look like such a tool with it on, but my legs are still great.  i like my ankles too.  so you are just going to hit that party sat?  what else have you heard that might be going on?  i love halloween.  it is a lot of fun dressing up and getting drunk. let me know what you hear of. 
 i don't shave my legs, but honestly - i like those op shorts.  if you know where i can get some let me know.  i don't have an alchohol problem you do. what is aa like? 
 you have to be creative.  didn't you take arts and crafts?  i thought women were good at that. 
 if you are going to the one in the village i think you should try another place.  there is this place called chipotle on kirby two blocks down from bissonet.  it is the best.  they are out of denver.  it is much better than texadelphia. 
 i might have to be another form of mullet.  i will think of something for sat and let you know. 
 these are not like mission burrito.  i hate mission burrito too.  these are healthy. 
 you cant go off of what coulon says.  that guy cant eat anything. 
 i wish i could go every day.  i could live on it.  we will go some time. 
 no.  i am up for having people over and then heading out on sat.  if we get a big group together and go out it could be a good night. 
 you getting out early?  you going out tonight? 
 i am going to take that friday off and come in to br.  maybe we should set up a tee time around 2 or 3 pm. 
 i didn't say we were having a party, i said you were having a party.  i will spread the word at the analyst happy hour tonight.  i will let them knwo that you will provide drinks and food.  does susan know about your party? 
 we lost.  i hate playing softball.  it is no fun.  people are going to be upset with you if you plan a party and then bail out on it.  susan won't like the fact that you didn't tell her about it.  how is nyc?  have you hit the clubs yet? 
 what is going on?  i have missed some good games.  i wanted to go in last week, but i was out of town and didn't get in until late fri night.  i think i will be in for the bama game.  how old is your friend that is getting married?  a lot of my friends are starting to get engaged.  i can't believe everyone gets hitched so young.  what else is new? 
 sounds like your working hard. 
 lets get it on! 
 ditto 
 i get free lunch every day 
 what two words clear out a men's bathroom?          scroll down                                 nice dick 
 we are playing liars poker right now if you want in.  give me a call later if not. 
 stop the bad joke respnses and the fag 'miss you much' , 'love you much' messages please. 
 you're the seat saver 
 i will buy 2 for sure. 
 i got two tickets on the 50 
 you cant lose 30 points from the last time you took it.  you have to be honest. you are just lying to yourself 
 they better not lose to the fucking aints.  i don't want to be emabarrassed. 
 i just got a 28 
 i got an 86. 
 we need to think of something for halloween.  have you heard of anything? 
 , 
 we went to scudieros. 
 we all got laid by a gang of hot cougars.  i had to take your portion since you weren't there. 
 i was a man whore 
 it was pretty cool.  just some 70's shit.  lot of gold. 
 bob shiring got canned 
 i am an independent contractor. 
 how was dallas?  any good stories?  did you get married to your babe? 
 i think you see the writing on the wall that we are going to dominate.  who cares about the last two years, it is about now.  we are going to rope-a-dope ya. 
 are you going to ride in with us fri?  let me knwo.  we are going to leave at 12.  this is going to be a party weekend.  i am going to live on red bull. give tim a shout at 853-4755.  i cannot make the game tomorrow night.  i will be at the rest of them. 
 i will not be able to make it this week.  i will be at the rest of them. 
 is this in response to the unfunny email responses 
 i'm flakin 
 i will try to do that tomorrow 
 i can't go to the game tonight.  i have other plans. 
 yeah.  i am throwin a rager that starts at 6:30 
 mitch needs to know if you guys and that other girl are playing tonight.  let me know & i will email him. 
 the team needs you.  do it for the team. 
 lisa said she would play if she gets out of work on time.  i haven't been able to get ahold of bryan.  i would doubt the other chick would play, but if she does let me know what she looks like. 
 tell him to keep checking his mail and it might be there in a couple of weeks. 
 i suck at softball and i hate playing it.  i have a ' team building' thing at the rockets game. 
 Mr. Skilling-  Here are a few questions I would like to submit before your floor meeting on the 32nd floor  Wednesday.  1.)  Enron seems to be taking a new approach to their business by taking assets off the books and looking for new opportunities as a market maker in new markets.  Is Enron going to be just a trading company?  2.)  If Enron is just a trading company our earnings could be quite volatile.  How could this affect our stock price?  Will Wall Street be prepared to accept more volatile earnings?  3.)  Volume on EOL seems to be decreasing since the middle of the year and new platforms are being introduced into the market place.  Is this going to have a negative effect on Enron's stock price?  4.) What are some of the new markets Enron plans to explore in the near future?  5.)  Is Broadband coming along as quickly as Wall St. expects and how much of our stock price is based on broadband?  I hope these questions are in line with some of the issues you wish to discuss and I look foward to hearing you speak tomorrow.  Sincerely,  Matt Lenhart 
 i thought it was a funny comeback larry 
 tonight?  i am going to a basketball game.  i heard people go out and trick or treat on this night or egg kids. 
 lame reply 
 lame reply #2 
 thanks.  have fun egging the neighborhood kids 
 lame response #3 
 did kendra play 
 if your responses are witty then that tells me wit means retarded and unfunny responses.  are you going to sit ryan and i down and tells us how to give stupid responses to every email that comes out? 
 soy is discusting 
 the gas daily pricing is the correct one. 
 those guys can party 
 did you guys win 
 bobby shiring in the newest member of ees 
 do you still like apple?  looks pretty safe down here.  p/e is only 9.  what do you think? 
 bob was canned last week.  not suprisingly.  i will try to call you guys this weekend. 
 ou was impressive.  crouch sucked after the 1st quarter.  i think they told bob " don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. "  he was a nice guy, but didn't produce.  he once said to me " if i didn't have this goddam kid i could retire".  his kid less than 1 year old.  talk to you later. 
 it said if you do that it is bad luck 
 i told you he would.  it wont be easy, but for a year you would learn a lot. 
 i will try to line up a pig for you 
 lets meet tonight at 8 
 how was sat night?  i tried to call your house but the number isn't in service. 
 done. see you there 
 no.  it just means someone has a lot of ammo.  it isn't from that movie. 
 hey mom,  i will check on dates today.  i can probably come home the 23rd or 24th.  how was your weekend?  i went to baton rouge and watched lsu play.  i couldn't find cros anywhere. 
 i looked for cros but i couldn't find him.  i told him where i would be and i  was there the whole time.  my cell wasn't working on campus.  i gave him a call today to find out how we missed eachother. 
 i will check on whether or not i am going to go to new orleans or not.  i might go to dallas for new years if lsu goes to the cotton bowl.  i will find out soon.  best thing might be for me to fly back to houston on the 28th or 29th and if i go to new orleans i can just drive in. 
 broncos will roll the aints. 
 broncos just need to keep griese out of the french quarter on saturday night 
 how about them tigers?  6 wins with 2 games to go.  let me know when you want to pay off that bet. 
 it was fun.  i am tired now.  josh was wearing a ut shirt.  i think we are going to end up playing texas in the cotton bowl.  i think i would be an ass-whoopin' like texas never had.  what did you do this weekend? 
 how is dean's.  looks like a cool place.  how great would it be to party in dallas on new years eve and then begin the year by kicking texas' ass again. that would all major sports.  what is up for this weekend? 
 no.  i was dead on sat night.  i was out late on fri.  it was fun.  you should have stayed out. 
 you lost to stanford and haven't beat any good teams.  texas has no running game.  they are too easy to defend. 
 what is bounce? 
 i would rather throw myself off the enron building and bounce on the cement 
 give me a call again.  i lost your work number 
 i can't open these dirty porn cartoons at work.  how is everything going?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  max and jen just bought a house from my brother.  what are you guys doing for xmas?  or chanuka?  lsu might end up playing florida in the sec championship.  look out.  let me know  how things are going. 
 i can make it if we are the 7:30 game. 
 cros-  just wanted to shoot you an email.  let me know if you are going to get down to new orleans.  also, lets keep in touch on some of these real estate deals.  i am very interested in getting into some of these projects.  good to talk to you again.  matt 
 Cooper-  I wanted to know if you could send down the foward curves for SP, NP & PV.  I also wanted to know if I can access these curves daily here in Houston.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Thanks for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 could you send me a copy of those current curves. 
 i thought i got a copy from you last time.  i will check with ricter. 
 if you sign up on msn messenger brian hoskins is on there as "mr. right".  he was signed up as that on the trading floor msn list.  i couldn't believe it. 
 bring the money by whenever you want.  i should be at my desk all day. 
 call 853-0661 and say his name and you will get connected to his ext.  if it rains will the game get cancelled? 
 you lost, you need to pay me.  part of losing the bet my man.  where are you working now? 
 is there still a game or a number we can call? 
 let me know when you can meet in the lobby and i will go down there 
 i can't get down there by the end of the year.  so you are finally going to get a job?  that is good.  why cant your state get all their votes in?  if they don't vote for bush i am going to be so pissed.  sounds like max and jen bought a big house.  we might need to make a bet on the lsu-flor game in the sec championship. 
 When do you want to reschedule this meeting? 
 way to show up for the game.  we had to get a ringer, but she was pretty good.  she is one of those softball freaks that goes out every tues night looking to pick up games. 
 call me before you go down  3-7176 
 we lost by 1 i think.  i can't wait until softball is over.  i cant stand the two older guys on the team.  one of them got mad and was kicking a trash can and throwing his glove around.  don't leave me hanging out there again with some of those freaks.  i can't take it. 
 can i reserve 2 tickets? 
 thanks. 
 i think i will go with the cheaper tickets.  thanks for offering up those tickets.  it  is going to be an expensive weekend.  how about this election? 
 larry's uncle had some but they are like $50. 
 you need to send a warning with that 
 Jeff-  can you send down a foward curve for sp, np, and pv?  also, where can i get these curves daily? 
 lsu +3.5 
 i have to meet with h.r. today. 
 i think that we might go to two rows to watch the game b/c they have better food.  why don't you guys meet us there.  where did you end up in b.r.?  i went to fred's and bogies.  it was pretty fun. 
 hey grandma-  how is everything going?  is it cold in neb?  it really got cold here last night.  my windows frosted over.  how is neb going to do against ksu this weekend?  i think that they will roll them.  ksu isn't that good.  give me a call when you get a chance.  love matt 
 how was saturday?  you didn't miss anything at uropa. 
 how could you vote for gore?  especially if you want to become a teacher.  i am not scared to go to florida, i just haven't done it.  lsu might play florida in the sec championship which would be in dec.  we wont know that for two more weeks.  how else is everything going?  i am just keeping busy with work and partying.  get back to me when you get a chance. 
 i am just kidding.  those people were huge huh?  what has been going on with you?  are you hitting the town tonight or is it too hard to do that with your new job? 
 definately let me know when you come into houston.  there are a lot of fun bars around town here.  what happened to you on sat?  i was hurting on suday driving back.  that is the worst part of going back.  i heard oxford is fun to party at, but the fans there are assholes.  have a good time and keep in touch.  matt 
 i love saban.  he is the best coach in college.  i just said i like rohan better than booty.  you guys partying this weekend? 
 that is the saddest response i have heard.  teachers should be continually tested.  i had some idiot teachers that should have been fired b/c of their incompetence.  you shouldn't be scared to be tested if you are good at your job and half way competent.  democrats are so lazy.  how could you vote democrat?  al gore makes me sick.  enough of my ranting and raving.  what are you doing this weekend?  i am tired today b/c i went out last night.  this is a good scene.  probably not as good as miami but there is a lot going on now and our downtown is booming.    name some small towns that are cool to live in near south florida.  i heard naples is great.  i need to live on the ocean. 
 i am painting purple and gold tiger stripes all over my body. 
 bush.  dick & bush - it is just natural.  what are you doing this weekend? lsu is on espn2 at 7 your time on sat night.  how much snow did the mountains get?  get ready for n.o. 
 i am up for going out wherever.  ricky hasn't been producing too many 100 yard games lately.  our bet could go either way.  give me a call on my cell @ 713-825-8410 
 i doubt cros will end up going.  sat night is val's engagement party.  i just want to stay there for maybe an hour.  where are you watching the game tonight? 
 cooper-  are you guys having trouble pulling the hourly iso data?  if not, let me know so i can get this query fixed.  it is missing data for certain days and data for imports/exports.  thanks for your help.  matt 
 julie-  is that product updating daily for you?  if it isn't we have some term products for calendar year 2002 or 2003 that wouldn't have to be updated. let me know if you need those products on your site.  matt 
 fla- be proud! 
 griese was great, but it looks like he will be out for awhile.  ian gold is a stud. 
 , 
 i might be up for that.  i might have to go to a super saturday dinner, but if not i will definately do this. 
 i love natural gas 
 i cannot make it tonight.  i have a customer dinner. 
 not that type of gas- i love the natty 
 pretty good.  who is going out sat night? 
 dean's is cool.  i went there thurs.  i went to prague not to long ago.  it was pretty cool, but not somewhere i would hang out every sat.  i didn't do anything this past weekend b/c i think that i am getting a cold.  if we don't do dinner sat night let's definately meet out somewhere.  we need to explore downtown some.  how is the new job?  are you working 100 hours/wk? 
 this is so funny    ><http://www.mediatrip.com/shows/phone_flash.html >http://www.mediatrip.com/shows/phone_flash.html 
 please send the deal number again. 
 no.  yours? 
 i am going to shreveport.  one of my buddies is getting married.  you? 
 i want to stop by longview and meet the woman who won the truck 
 anyone up for woodys tonight 
 around 9.30 
 just me and you big guy! 
 we gonna get some bitches 
 no order there.  we will probably head over there around 9.30 
 i will have to remember those for when i go out next time. 
 i will give you a call later and we can meet up there or something. 
 do you still get worth magazine?  there is an article on enron and they use a photo from the gas trading floor.  you can see me in the photo.  i am at the top under the second flat screen on the right.  i am blurred so you can't really tell it is me. 
 we are going to hit woody's tonight if you are interested 
 i wish i could come up too, but i am going to head to that wedding.  i need to leave fri morning.  it is going to stay cold there until next week.  check out that article.  i haven't read it yet.  i will call this weekend b/c i will not be home tonight. 
 the one across from the pink pussycat.  hull and i are meeting there around 9.30.  i think there should be a lot of folks there.  give me a call on my cell and we can meet up there. 
 9.30.  it is gonna be tha bomb 
 get in touch with me if you guys come in on saturday.  we are planning on going out downtown most likely.  you can call me on my cell at 713-8258410 or at home at 713-807-1699.  should be a good weekend to be here.  i think there is a lot going on.  email me back. 
 this is that hottie from fred's 
 she is probably ugly 
 grandma-  nebraska sure got lucky.  cu choked at the end.  looks like lsu could end up playing nebraska in the cotton bowl. 
 did i spell disgusting wrong?  at least i didn't put it in a book for the world to see.  i have never had any of that stuff. 
 i went in and changed it. 
 i told her i was busy and don't call me.  i gave her my digits and told her to call. 
 and some oil 
 did you make it to woody's?  it was all poles and no holes when i was there. we are going to hit kennelleys after work if you are up for it. 
 i didn't get your message until i got home.  we will probably head over there around 5 or earlier.  i will give you a call before we head out. 
 we will be there around 5 
 what is going on?  i figured that you wouldn't be coming to houston due to the weather on saturday.  just let me know if you want to come in and we can hit the town.  i won't be in houston over thanksgiving or the following weekend.  actually, the following weekend i will be in new orleans.  my brother is coming in town and we are staying at my family's place in the quarter.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 that was epic.  i was so pissed i almost left the sports bar where i was watching the game.  we need griese back.  you ready for new orleans?  should be fun.  when are you getting there and what day do you leave? 
 our defense is holding us back.  they make me sick.  if we had a defense like baltimore we would be superbowl favorites.  i will try to fly in on that friday.  i am going to take fri and mon off. 
 i got the message.  i didn't think you guys would make it.  i am going to new orleans to meet my brother and just go out.  we are just going to party in the french quarter.  my parents own a place down there so we have a free place to stay.  one of my friends is also having an engagement party that saturday that i have to go to.  if you guys want to party in new orleans give me a call b/c we will be down there from that fri through that monday.  i haven't gone out in the quarter in such a long time.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 hey-  chevys are nice, that is what i drive.  so tom came up to north dakota to steal your car and didn't even buy you guys dinner?  that kid has no class.  things are going well here.  i have been seeing some girl for awhile now.  other than that nothing is new.  enron is getting all its employees new computers so let me know what billie wants to do with the laptop that you guys gave me.  if you guys want it i can send it up, if not i will keep it still.  it is a very good cpu.  i think you guys should buy a new lincoln ls.  they are very nice cars and i don't think that they are too expensive. has grandma set a date for our vacation this summer?  any time is really ok. give me a call when you get a chance.  i will be home all weekend.  love matt 
 this doesn't have an attachment.  how about them seminoles! 
 i will be out of town for the game 
 i think i am going to fly in fri afternoon.  i am going to work in the morning and then leave.  call me here at work and i will give you the fax number. 
 i don't have that many roomates.  they just tell you that b/c you will believe anything.  did you call me last night?  if you did i will get back to you soon.  that is odd that your friend from la. is jewish.  you don't see that too often.  i will visit....sometime.  don't pressure me on that. 
 i will give you a call.  things are going nuts here right now. 
 after work there is a eol happy hour at the state bar.  hull said we could all go, so if you want in let me know.   i am heading there straight after work. 
 he's got room.  i will give you a call before i leave. 
 i am actually going to fly into new orleans next friday.  i arrive around 6pm.  we can meet up at our place in the quarter when you guys want to come down.  i will try to give you a call next week.  i have to go to shreveport for thanksgiving.  one of my friends is getting married to a divorced lady with a kid.  the wedding should be fun except for the shreveport part.  i hate that place.  have a good time in lake chuck. 
 i got an email from that chick and she and her roomate want to meet us out. we will be set up. 
 no thanks.  superbowl sunday is a big day for me.  i will go out this weekend so give me a call. 
 i got all our bills in.  i will write checks for all of them and you can just write me a check for your portion which is $138.38. 
 i have the tickets for them that go in the envelopes, but i don't  have copies.  our bills our higher b/c our electric bill was up $25.  but i didn't keep copies. 
 i don't think i have the detail.  i am not adding uneccessary charges to your phone bill.  i tallied it up as i always do. 
 i am up for it 
 you never used to check it.  i always threw it away after i tallied it. 
 those are fucking funny 
 anyone up for going out tonight?  let me know. 
 i don't think we will get killed.  we aren't as bad as we played this week. actually i have tried sushi and those beans are good but i hate the sushi. 
 we are going to meet some sluts 
 ditto 
 i don't need another cpu.  the lap top that you guys gave me is very fast and i still use it all the time.  i will be home all weekend so give me a call when you get the chance. 
 did you get martha and billie's car?  did you give them something extra for hooking you up?  go to the web site www.adcritic.com and look at the fox sport commercials for the basketball promo.  there is one for the jazz, spurs, lakers and knicks.  they are hillarious. 
 did you see those commercials 
 they are so funny 
 I made a few changes from on the Socal forecast:  1.)  Put in the updated PV, NP, & SP power curves - now the generators are running at peak levels 2.) Increased Ehrenberg from 1.2 to 1.25 3.) Took off the weather adjustments when the new SP generation begins  The new forecast brings Socal storage to a max of 86 Bcf before Q3.  We can discuss this further on Monday.  Matt 
 did you guys play football yesterday 
 played paintball with people in risk.  it was a blast.  did you go out?  i had a date on fri but i didn't do shit on sat. 
 i hear you.  i was a nerd this weekend. 
 my number is (713)807-1699 
 i cannot make this tonight 
 got plans with this girl who's bday is today 
 daddy has got to get laid 
 happy birthday.  is everyone there being nice to you today?  get a to go box of cake so i can eat some.  the website with the funny commercials is www.adcritic.com.  go to "syncronized slammin".  that is funny.  also check out the top 100 and look at "spoof- '88 aries" and "blind date".  let me know what you think. 
 it probably is coastal.  they merged not too long ago. 
 go to www.amihotornot.com.  this is funny. 
 you have got to get a computer that is out of the 80's to see the cool stuff i see 
 did they buy you guys new "used" computers?  when i got my car it was new to me even though it was used.  we are just a much more advanced company. 
 want to play liars? 
 my dad could beat up your dad 
 give me a call when you get a chance.  i got your message this morning.  i don't think i will get to austin for at least a few weeks so it would be best if you just mailed the check. 
 just send one check and i will write the check for all three.  i will try to get the detail sent today. 
 do this test and let me know your score 
 i don't know.  i only have 40 bucks. 
 wow!  i got a 15. 
 i will play.  i just need some booty from her.  i am working like a dog on it. 
 what are you saying?  that i am a skank? 
 i know people who want to play 
 i got an 89.  i am a good boy. 
 why would you think i would have a high score? 
 i am just a little puppy dog 
 we hav e a tee time sat at herman for 11:40. 
 11 
 hells yeah 
 you up for golf sat? 
 playing sat @ 11:30.  you want to play liars poker later? 
 what is your ext. i will call you 
 get the key for the extra slave quarter so some of the girls coming fri have a place to stay. 
 we will play around 5 or 530 
 is this safe to open b/c i don't have a private office 
 rank and yank 
 i would but i am going to ruggles with that girl.  let s hit it hard on sat after golf. 
 i got your message last night this morning.  i was already asleep when you called.  did you go out last night?  i thought you were drinking and dialing me.  just kidding.  i will pick you up at 8:30 tonight. 
 fuck fri.  go out sat. 
 mci is mailing the bill so i will fax it to you when i get it.  just send that check this weekend b/c i am going to send in the bills.  also think of a good weekend for us to go up and party in austin.  mid feb is probaly the best. 
 is this safe to  open.  i don't want anymore of your porn 
 for someone who isn't into their birthday you sure are stretching out this celebration.  it is about as long as mardi gras.  830 isn't too late for me. i will be there with bells on.  when you become an adult, as i am, sometimes you get a little more tired.  and if you have to be at work at 7 am rather than 9 you get a little more tired.  where did your brother take you? 
 did you bring money 
 hopefully some can stay with us in the nice place and if any of them are ugly they can stay in the other place. 
 i don't get it 
 i gots to get PAAIID 
 i get it 
 what are you doing this weekend? 
 it is probably the second or third most important day of the year behind jesus's birthday and maybe superbowl sunday.  i had to throw a football reference in there.   my bad, 830 is a lot earlier than 9.  i think it is still dark at that hour.  well i would love to continue this fascinating dicussion but i need to get ready to play liar's poker.  i need to win some money so we don't have to wash dishes after we eat tonight.  see you at 830. 
 what are you writing thank you notes for? 
 i am sorry to hear that.  i had no idea.  i knew you told me he was ill.  are you ok? 
 i didn't know shirley's father died. 
 if you ever need to talk just give me a call.  i can't imagine it would ever be easy even if you were expecting it. 
 www.adcritic.com.  go to syncronized slammin then check out coppertone burn, artificial butter, can of picante.  those are on the right of the first commercial.  then go to top 100 and see number 17, and blind date. 
 there is more than enough room.  there is parking just in the street somewhere.  you might be able to get rock star parking in the front of the place.  if not, just find some place out on the street.  no camo or bright orange and dont make duck calls all night.  i will be there at 6pm.  should be a good weekend.  see you soon.  matt 
 patty sullivan gets the numbers each day.  i think her report is out on the web each day.  check with her and you can get the numbers each day. 
 are you a superfan of football after that game?  that game was brutal.  i think you birthday was more important than yesterday.  how was your party? 
 oh yeah- i forgot we covered that the other night.  there is no question about your birthday and the superbowl unless denver plays.  i went to a buddy's house to watch the game and left at halftime b/c i had no interest in the game.  your favorite band was on at halftime.  i know you were excited about that.  so why don't you come over this week and watch 9 1/2 weeks. 
 damn baby chill!   did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?  9 1/2 weeks isn't a dirty movie, it's a classic.  you will see.  so why don't you come over tomorrow.  but don't come too late b/c i can't stay up that long.  did you cry tears of joy when nsync was on?  i couldn't have made it in that band b/c i am too rugged.  those guys are little sallys. 
 how can you call those nerds beautiful.  the guy with the beard and the one with the dreadlocks are eye sores.  and those litte mos aren't more rugged than me.  i could kick all their asses.  anyway, why don't you come over between 7 and 8.  that will give me time to work out for the 8th time of the day tomorrow. 
 i owe you some money huh.  i forgot.  just send me you address again and i will mail the check tomorrow. 
 i was thinking about that earlier.  i could have used the money.  i couldn't even stay for the second half.  i ate all that papa john's and my stomach almost exploded.  i will play you one hand of liars for it. 
 come on shooter 
 is the one with the curly hair the one that supposedly dates britney?  there is no way she would go out with a geek like that.  you can come over whenever.   you wont ruin my workout routine. 
 try this.  it is pretty cool to see your baby pic. 
 nice stride by 
 i'll do curls for the girls 
 you're cocky 
 tell slim pickins i sent his check today 
 if that's what you call it 
 is your sister-in-law melissa richardson? 
 she is taking two guys i work with to the game tonight 
 i think so.  one of the guys seems to know her. 
 paul lucci.  he is the old guy i hang out with sometimes. 
 like 35 or something 
 go to aimr.com 
 no.  he is divorced though.  the other guy going is the one from a&m i told you about.  the old guy is hilarious.  he is the funniest person i know. 
 by the way, i never said anyone cheated 
 no.  i just don't want your sister in law telling these guys that i said that.  could ruin my rep.  you coming over at 730? 
 did you not go out sat? 
 you guys still suck 
 you guys suck 
 we went to tim's but it was pretty lame.  i felt like crap.  i am glad i didn't make that party, but i heard susan was russian dancing again. 
 i bet you are dying to see this movie 
 you got to be 100% to go out 
 you know i can't leave early and skip my workout.  how am i gonna stay such a stud if i stop working out?  plus, i am having a fat day b/c i only worked out once yesterday. 
 i cannot go tues night. 
 never heard it but i like the sound of it.  this weekend i am going to new orleans and my brother is meeting me down there. 
 are you tired?  will you do me a favor and at noon think of me touching you? 
 can't make it 
 a new site for lsu i heard about.  it might not be new to you, but if it is it is the most complete lsu recruiting page.  http://www.dandydon.com/index.html 
 i was tired, but don't worry i still had a good work out.  my legs are looking great.  you coming over again tonight? 
 did you ask that girl out?  if not go ahead and ask her out and we will make plans.  we can take them for margaritas then to galant night. 
 this is pretty cool.  see if you can find your picture. 
 your sister in law was looking out for you last night by asking all these questions about me. 
 that website is funny.  it just returns a picture of a baboon.  i totally forgot grandma's and tom's birthday.  i will call her tonight. 
 i called her again and left a message.  i might need to go through someone else. 
 i need your ssn# for this form 
 Mr. Jacoby-  I wanted to see if we could set up a time to meet next week concerning my PRC review.  Let me know what your schedule looks like and we will try to meet when it is convenient.  Thanks for your time.  Matt Lenhart 
 she was just asking what i do at enron and if i am nice or an asshole.  she is just looking out for you.  hopefully these guys didn't bury me to bad. you know you loved that movie so don't pretend that you didn't.  it sounded like it was the 7th or 8th time you saw it. 
 hey grandma-  sorry i didn't call you on your birthday.  i hope you had a good one.  what else is going on?  i have just been working and hanging out with this girl. i will call soon.  dad said we have our reservations for the family vacation this summer.  i will call you tonight or tomorrow.  love matt 
 i am heading to new orleans this weekend to do some partying.  no uropa, just sluts in the quarter. 
 happy belated birthday.  sorry i didn't give you a call.  what all did you get?  i will try to call you  tonight or something. 
 i don't want to know about you and any other guys.  i don't need to think about that kind of bad stuff.  those guys just told her i was money. 
 you spoke with your sister?  what did they say? 
 things are going well here.  nothing much is new in houston.  my life just seems to be work.  actually it is a lot of fun here.  mitch, val, and tim are here so we golf and go out a lot.  what are you doing at your new job?  did you change into a new field or just jump companies.  is natalie working? shoot me back an email when you get a chance.  matt 
 she will say that i am so money 
 they didn't say i was the coolest person they know at work? 
 i doubt that.  give me a call later. 
 did you go and sign up on that website?  there are a lot of people from our class on there.  what is going on?  how is san francisco?  can you pay your gas bill.  i trade energy in that area.  how is the nightlife?  are you dating at all?  life here is hectic.  i have just been working and going out.  when are you going home again?  i don't know when i will get back there, but i wish i was going back to ski.  shoot me an email when you get a chance. 
 let me know when you want to play liars.  next time i won't be as tardy.  i usually pay up quick.  glad you got your money. 
 where did you go last night?  is wednesday a happening night in denver?  did you pick up any talent? 
 i remember you.  you're not that old.  i am mature. 
 go to www.dandydan.com  or dandydon.  it is the most comprehensive lsu football recruiting site there is. 
 did you ask that ckick out for sat or not 
 let's do our bet tomorrow night.  i will give you 2 strokes. 
 i don't know.  what are you doing tonight?  call me later b/c i need to go film something for enron.  i am a movie star. 
 how is everything going?  what are you and al doing this weekend?  that is pretty funny.  i am glad you didn't put me in to the pic. 
 yes.  you need to come over more. 
 you need to b/c i can't have too many days like today.  you ready for an ass kicking like you've never had?  brink a jacket b/c i don't want to hear you complaining on the golf course. 
 i won't be in a bad mood.  i will be excited to see you . 
 around 7:30 
 i never see sammy.  i ran into him on a thursday night about 2 months ago, but i have not seen him since.  the girl situation is good.  i have just been dating this girl from texas a&m, but she is not a die hard a&m freak so it is cool.  do you hang out with bert?  i can't believe he is getting married. talk to you soon. 
 i bet you could teach me something huh? 
 i don't think you are really good.  i think a little luck fell into your lap.  any time you want a shot at the title let me know.  i will leave work right now to go kick your ass at that game. 
 somebody posted a 2000 bmw for sale on the enron message board for $30k.   i think you should get it. 
 how much longer are you president of the board of realtors?  did you hear about aunt martha?  she is pretty sick.  she was in i.c., but i think that she is doing much better. 
 i might travel the country looking for games 
 told you she would get back to you today 
 did you ever send that check 
 i will give you a shot at the title when you get back 
 golf sat at longwood.  micha got a tee time and needs three people.  let me know if you are in today. 
 $65 
 in or out? 
 your so money.  you won't have any problems.  you should have hit sierra last wednes- it was loaded. 
 do you want to play golf sat afternoon at longwood?  i will get a tee time late in the afternoon so we can party on friday.  let me know when you get this. 
 i think i am going to go on fri night.  i can only take that atmosphere for about one night.  when are you going? 
 i haven't been up to much.  what about you?  are you going to the rodeo thing this weekend?  i think i am going to head out there on fri.    let me know when you want to go get a drink. 
 i need to get some tickets too.  there are a lot of people heading there on fri so we can all meet up some where.  we can figure it out towards the end of the week. 
 lets meet up at the rodeo.  i know enron has a booth and one of my buddies is bartending so we can get free drinks.  you can drink your cpa sorrows away fri.  it should be fun there.  i will get in touch with you on thurs or something to let you know what is going on. 
 you in for the rodeo on fri night 
 it is gonna be the bomb dog.  i will try to get you and celeste a ticket 
 friday at the rodeo and sat who knows 
 i think they are here in a couple of weeks 
 what are you doing?  are you coming to hang out tonight?  i need some good luck. 
 d-i-r-t-y 
 no it was a good day.  i was nervous at lunch but i hadn't looked at all the info.  where did you go run errands at? the galleria? 
 did you get me a card or something there? 
 let's go ms jackson 
 i forgot.  i even put it out 
 what time is the game 
 i will be home by 6.  come pick up the jersey early so you can get your ass kicked at madden. 
 we have a tee time for noon on sat at longwood. 
 i have seen you play and i don't need to worry about shit 
 is this porn 
 no 
 you didn't think that was funny chief? 
 that sister comment was gross.  i didn't have a good day yesterday, but you can come over again tonight and try to give me some good luck for tomorrow. i am net up for the two times you have stayed over so i think we should keep it up.  did you watch your favorite show last night? 
 i got extra tickets to the bbq.  i say we start drinking around 6. 
 bet 
 micha will pick us up at my place saturday @ 10:30am.   it is a long drive out there. 
 what is going on in denver?  are you and max finishing the details on your wedding plans?  i need to get everyone's email who is going to attend the bachelor party if you have them.  let me know if you have them and how everything is going. 
 what is going on?  how are things in denver?  have you and max finished planning your wedding?  i need to know if you have everyone's email address that will be attending the bachelor party.  i have got to get the plans for the party together.  don't worry about it though b/c it will be clean fun. let me know if you have them and how everything is going.  matt 
 what kind of inside info? 
 okay i will answer your questions.  i made more money the first time you stayed over than i lost the second time you stayed over so i am net up.  here is a simple equation to explain:   2x -1x = x.    x is still positive.    i watched the show and i can't believe that i am that in to it.  so what are your rumors?  you have to tell now. 
 enron has been a piece.  looks like every company that deals in broadband is getting killed.  it is like they forgot we also do energy. 
 we will be there for about 1/2 hour to 45 min before tee off. 
 these videos are pretty good.  i saw the texas video the last two years. 
 go to www.mrfebruary.com.  i am not sure what it means, but i think that is the nickname for mack brown "mr. february". 
 it is such a sleazy show though.  and it is cheesy.  i am not cheesy, but i do enjoy it.   i thought you had some good rumors.  the equation was helpful?  sometimes it is easier to understand if you see the numbers.  come over tonight around 730ish or after friends since you don't want to miss that show. 
 this is kind of gross, but it is real funny.  i don't think this is your type of humor, but girls here at work thought that it was funny so hopefully you will too. 
 i laughed until i cried 
 totally serious 
 did you get my email yesterday?  i emailed you to see if you could get me the numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys.  go ahead and send them to me if you have them.  i would love to go to miami on april 6th but i might have a wedding in new orleans.  if i don't have to go to this wedding i will go to your engagement party.  things are good here.  i am still dating this girl that i was dating when i was home over xmas.  i guess we are boyfriend/girlfriend b/c she gave me the business last night on how she wanted to be treated and crap like that.  i like her though.  so how does that work for your wedding?  what all is the wedding party expected to pay for?  work is good.  i have just been working and partying.  email me back or i will call you and max this weekend.  take care matt   i really want to go to miami 
 what is going on?  are you  tired today.  i think we are going to meet at my place around 6:30 to go to the rodeo thing tonight.  let me know if you are going to come.  email me back  matt   ps-  hi jenn 
 it was so good to hear from you last night.  it made me feel so much better that you are home and ok.  hopefully everything goes well and we can see eachother in the black hills.  i will try to call this weekend.  tell everyone hello.  love matt 
 number is 504-598-1737.  he is in.  call if you want to go out b/c there will be 4 girls who want to party. 
 so we are going to meet at my place at 630? 
 today is very good.  you brought me the luck today 
 are you going to go out with me on valentines day? 
 i will ride with you 
 we are going to be at the enron booth around 7 tonight?  are you guys still going? 
 when is your bachelor party? 
 one of my friends is picking me up. i guess we will see you there around 7. 
 you had better not have another date.  you are a player though.  call me when you get home so i know if you are going to the rodeo tonight.  hopefully you can make it.  talk to you later. 
 you have to give me a second to reply.  so you are going to meet me there?  i can leave you tickets for the booth at my place or you can call me on my cell when you get there.    i will put your name on the list at the enron booth. my cell phone is 7138258410.  if i dont hear it call again.  if i don't hear it after the second time check the booth and i will try to put your name on the list.  did your friends say it was fun last night?  i will be drinking a lot tonight so don't give me grief like last time.  i am real sensitive. 
 what time are you going to go? 
 it was fun.  i am still dead.  way too much partying.  how was your weekend? 
 you can go whenever.  just let me know so if you meet me there i can look out for you around then.  i am going at 630 if you guys want to meet up then. 
 my place.  so you can meet us there or i can get your name on the list.  i can definately get you in no matter what so if you don't want to go that early you dont have to.  let me know.  i am going to wear my cowboy hat and my bolla tie. 
 are you going to the rodeo tonight? 
 around there 
 .sounds good 
 yeah.  we will be at the enron booth. 
 i don't know what it is about having a girlfriend, but it is the best way to meet other girls.  is she hot?  maybe we could meet up one night or something like that.  how was your weekend?  i went to the cook off both nights and had a blast.  how old is this girl? 
 ask them when would be a good time for them to go to phoenix one weekend.  i would love to go visit them in phoenix and golf for 4 days.  just see when they can go and i will coordinate the trip.   i will call them tonight.  love matt 
 i will let you know.  if i play lets up the money to $10/hole.  you are so bad i don't think i can lose to you. 
 did he go out on sat?  that would make him a real champ. 
 it was ok.  i spent a lot of time at the casino.  did you stay home or go to austin?  texas looked pretty good on friday.  how is your dad? 
 that is pretty bad since you suck so bad at golf 
 what is cheaper and when is the concert 
 do we need to wear disguises so we don't get killed?  lets get seat so we can sneak in booze. 
 lets get tickets 
 i don't think i will play on sat 
 i am just seeing this girl.  i has only been a couple of months.  lets all meet up one night and party. 
 it is only worth it for $10/hole.  you shouldn't even waste your money on a nice course.  you need lessons.  stop losing money to me and wasting your money at a nice course.  lessons will help. 
 i won $14 
 trying to get a head count on who wants to go to def leppard.   everyone knows they love def leppard so i don't want any replies making fun of me b/c i am going to the concert.  it is march 1st and it is gonna rock.   the whole thing is gonna be mullets and cougars so it should be fun.  let me know if you want to go. 
 i think i wrote down the wrong number.  call again. 
 i am in 
 everyone wants to go.  we will get a huge group to go. 
 you guys looked like you were discussing lots of interesting things.  i bet your boyfriend was upset. 
 when do we need to get tickets?  here is a list of people who want to go: tim bryan eric shana lisa susan 
 i am just teasing you, but you did introduce us to some guy you went out with who is an analyst here.  i had so much fun on sat night.  it was crazy. 
 you said " this is my sweet baby" 
 saturday is better for me.  just let me know. 
 depends on the year.  generally around 10,000 miles a year.   don't get anything with more miles than that.  and if you are looking for something aroung 98 or 97 see if it is still under warranty.  you are such a shooter! 
 my address is  1212 fairview unit A houston, tx 77006  i think my mom's address is  340 filmore denver 80206   but i am not sure  i will try to call this week. 
 just whenever.  i would rather go out as a group. 
 is anyone from denver going?  let me know what the guest list looks like.  i would love to go, but i need to check flights and all that stuff. 
 is that supposed to be funny? 
 i wanted to stay for a few weeks.  just kidding.  i am thinking 3-4 days. they is robbie and becky.  let me know what they say. 
 everyone wants to go 
 johnny cash is so  cool 
 lets buy 8.  i can put them on a credit card or whatever. 
 i was just kidding.  you are easy to tease. 
 looks like a deal.  i think i am going to go to your bachelor party and not miami.  i bet you are real excited about that.  lets set up golf for fri or sat.  you missed a good night on sat. 
 don't they have one every hour 
 that is good 
 lisa found this to pump us up 
 mo 
 looks bleek.  we need to buy.  these brokers suck. 
 hold up on that 
 i might have tickets 
 if you feel lucky 
 how are finals going?  what day are you going to come to houston?  any time is fine, just let me know.  should be a fun weekend.  we can head out downtown afterwards and hit some of the wierd clubs.  good luck with the rest of you finals.  matt 
 i got 6 tickets to the concert.  they are club level seats and should be pretty good.  we still need two and i can work on those b/t now and the concert. 
 club level 
 did you tell  her i have great ankles 
 i won't know until the tickets are delivered. 
 we might need 3 or 4.  i will get bass to get them 
 no.  i hate live music.  is this girl hot?  i don't want to meet her and get that dissappointed look on my face. 
 i didn't get them through the big e.  some punk broker. 
 that is secondary.  i am more of a face man.  just kidding.  kind of. 
 i will take your word for it. 
 happy valentines day.  i will see you tonight. 
 nice email.  anyway, congratulations on your recent engagement.  max saved you from becoming a major cougar like your buddy stacey.  just kidding.  i was really happy for both of you.  as far a my responsibilities as the best man, i need to make sure that we send max out of the single life in style. don't worry, there will not be anything crazy going on with hired entertainment or anything.  how is work going for you?  must be going well since you and max just bought a big house.  i will be in town on dec 22nd so be ready to go out. 
 hey annie!   good to hear from you.  how is everything going?  do you have a valentine?  i have one.  it is a girl i have been seen for a few months.  you are so lucky you get to go skiing.  i wish i could hit the slopes.  i haven't skiied in over a year.  you do need a rich guy to support you in san fran. it is so expensive there.  you could just go anna nicole and get some guy who is almost dead and inherit all his cash.  you're not that type of girl though which is good.  who else lives up there.  i thought erin and her sister lived there also.  i can't remember.  keep in touch and stay warm there.  matt 
 nice 
 can you record temptation island tonight? 
 you memorized the tv guide?  you really know your stuff. 
 there is a 1997 bmw 318 for sale here.  the price is $15k and i has 40K miles on it.  looks like it is loaded. 
 sluts? 
 told you i was sweet.  i will give it to you tonight. 
 it says velvet metallic blue.  i have no idea what kind of blue that is.  it also says that it is still under warranty. 
 sorry about leaving last night.  i know that was selfish.  you always stay over when it isn't convienient for you and i should have stayed.  i don't want you to think that i am trying to just walk all over you b/c i am not.  i did have a good time last night and i am sorry i ruined it at the end. hopefully you are not too mad.  email me later. 
 i will check today.  i received 6 yesterday. 
 here is a marriage video for you to enjoy 
 i would be comfortable around stacey.  she is cool.  i took my girlfriend out to dinner and all i got her was a card.  we had a good time until i ruined it at the end of the night and now she is pissed at me.  i didn't stay over last night so she was pissed.  i understand though.  i don't think i can make it to miami.  i want to go but i have to attend a wedding of a friend from college.  actually, i am going to caymen the last weekend in march with my group from work so if you want me to check anything out let me know.  i will scout the island for you and max.  i will give you guys a call this weekend. take care. 
 i am in on another tee time for monday.  i would love to take all your money and some aggies's money, but i can't.  we will play again another time. 
 i was just being an idiot.  i was just thinking that i needed to be at work really early and that i needed to be at home.  it was stupid and selfish.  i feel really bad today b/c that is not the way to treat you.  i promise i will make it up to you. 
 i am going to get a tee time for monday if you guys are interested. 
 i will get one for sun 
 you want in on sunday 
 we're done for sunday @ 12:30 at cypress lakes.  do you know anyone else who will play? 
 cool 
 wait for a little bit b/c i might have it filled. 
 0768 
 can you get me the rent check today? 
 your in 
 golf on sunday @ 12:30 cypress lakes. 
 there is no water.  just makes the name sound nice. 
 how do you want me to make it up to you? 
 you hate decisions 
 you are going to work me over for this aren't you? 
 i will take you out tomorrow night.  is that good with you? 
 so we are set to play golf at cypress lakes on sunday at 12:30.  we can meet up at 11:15 and get out there early to hit balls.  it is a pretty fun course to play and it has a lot of water on the front 9.  the back 9 is kind of dry.  should be fun. 
 i didn't piss her off at dinner.  i pissed her off b/c i didn't stay over that night after everything.  she was pissed and now i have to make it up to her.  that is ok.  so no one from denver is going to miami for your engagement party?  i wish i was going.  i would love to get to miami.  i will call you guys this weekend. 
 are we going out for your b day this weekend 
 anyone up for woody's tonight around 9:30? 
 that was hilarious.  i can't believe peta did that. 
 i was hung over yesterday.  i had a good time on sun.  i think you shot a 126.  you would have had to shoot a 53 on the back and i think you shot a 60. 
 Elizabeth-  Do you still send confirms to counterparties for physical deals done day to day?  AEP has a problem with one of the confirms on a deal done Jan. 31. They sold us two packages of 5000 at PGE Citygate for 12.30 and 12.40.  I entered this as one deal for 10000 at 12.35.  They need the confirm to match their records for each deal.  If you could send another confirm I would appreciate it.  Thanks for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 did that teresa lady call you yesterday?  she wouldn't talk to me at all yesterday.  her secretary said she spoke with you and she wouldn't take my call.  sorry i didn't call you to watch a movie last night.  i was dead from going out sunday and playing golf yesterday. 
 how is everything going?  did you eat with robbie and becky?  i mentioned to grandma and grandpa a trip to phoenix some time this spring.  they also said that they were going to come to denver in may so i think i will come home for a little bit in may also.  call me when you get a chance. 
 that is fine. 
 Cooper-  I am having trouble running the database with the scheduled power info.  Let me know if you are having problems collecting the data.  Thanks,  Matt Lenhart 
 thanks for your help. 
 Maria-   I work on the West Gas Desk in Houston.  Cooper said that you might be able to help me with a link we have to one of your databases that is not working. This link pulls the scheduled California loads, generation, and imports. This link has not worked since this morning.  Please let me know if you could help.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 give him one of these " i dont love you whore, i'm out tha door".  just kidding.  that is bad.  that would make him feel cheap and used.  i just wouldn't respond.  he will get the point.  i was in pain on monday.  i couldn't believe i felt that bad.  it was a good time at that joint though so it was worth it. 
 i think that is tomorrow 
 Maria-  I just checked it and it worked perfect.  Thanks for your help.  Matt 
 did you go  out and party? 
 let's go party.   we can get a group and go get some food and then hit the bars.  tim was supposed to send an email out, but i don't think he has yet. i am up for whatever. 
 did you and carolyn have a grammy party?   temptation island was dumb. everyone went on their dates and hooked up.  next week looks good. 
 go ahead and take charge. 
 i am not gettting old, i am getting distinguished.  what is wrong with her roomate? 
 let's hit el tiempo or something 
 at 730 or 8 
 luis mena and anyone who is cool 
 double click on the underlined website at the bottom 
 you up for woody's tonight? 
 why would you guys have a party to cheer her up?  that could make you  sick. it doesn't matter that i am getting older b/c  i age well. 
 strep throat is contagious.  you don't need to share a coke to get it.  germs travel through the air.  am i really losing my hair?  don't freak me out. 
 cassie would be fun to hang out with.  i don't know if you want to invite her pal though.  i am sure bryan doesnt' 
 i wish i was that guy from nsync 
 i know you're kidding.  i have healthy, vibrant, thick, flowing hair.    call me later. 
 what is up fellas?  don't worry we will be set up for the big party.  rooms and entertainment will be first class.  i need to know when everyone wants to go and how much everyone wants to spend.  i was thinking we could get a big suite and then we could have the party there.  we can hit vegas in august or sept.  let me know what your schedules look like and i will get the ball rolling.  matt 
 cool bra!  we will light it up tonight.  call boone dog. 
 i can't believe merlin has a girlfriend.  last time he had a girlfriend the other bush was president.  i will get us something nice.  we can get the rainman suite.  i won't let tom take a finders fee. 
 she blew me up 
 who all is going for sure:  merlin peder ryan scott tom me max's bro in law matt battaglia?? ( someone should get in touch with him) anyone else? 
 lets just have the party at the royal king motel on colfax and colorado blvd.  we will get that hooker scott hooked up with in high school to provide the entertainment.   it will be real fun. 
 he might be a mole.  no moles.  we can golf, bungee jump or do something wild like that.  is that the kind of memorable thing you want to do? 
 thanks.  today really sucks so far. 
 i'm busy 
 golf at a good course 
 what time?  i will be up for some boozing 
 which el tiempo are we going to tonight?  did gillette send out an email? 
 we can go downtown or uropa or whatever.   just whatever everyone wants to do.  what time are we meeting at el tiempo? 
 no.  go out after you're done at work 
 how is sept 7-9.  we will arrive the 7th(fri) and leave sunday.  let me know if those dates aren't good. 
 i don't think there is much going on there, but that would be a good time also.  could be cheaper.  what does everyone think about the big sleazy? 
 how about before that date? 
 how can we get that girl cassie to go?  do i need to invite her roomate? hull could keep her occupied. 
 lets figure a date and a location.  i know max wants vegas so i think we should go there.  if we need to do october that is cool too. 
 its all good 
 just drive down richmond and you will see it next to the pink pussycat. 
 how much does everyone want to pay?  remember we are picking up max's flight, room, and the bachelor party.  thurs-sun sounds good to me.  how does everyone feel about that?  merlin- what is the best date for you to go? 
 will do.  i will let you guys know monday what we've got. 
 i thought you said you didn't know where it is. 
 i am going out tonight 
 1996.  it had 65k.  $18k. 
 so what date do you want 
 9/21-9/23? 
 let's do the week before.  i think that works better.  actually i will check rates on both weekends and if one is cheaper than the other i will take that. 
 do you want to hit sherlocks around  6-630 
 no way.  nice. 
 sounds good 
 i called her 8 times when i got home last night 
 i got a room for sept.6th - sept. 9th.  it is the rainman suite at the mirage.  there are 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, and a huge living room.  with the room we get limo service to and from the hotel.  if there are 7 of us paying it will cost roughly $225 for each of us.  that is pretty cheap.  this way we don't need to get another room.  i also reseved a room at the luxor that can sleep 4 and a suite with 1 bedroom and a living room.  this will cost us $200 per night.  tell me which one you prefer.  we also neet to make sure everyone goes b/c if someone drops out it will cost us a lot more.  merlin, the suite at the mirage wasn't available for the 13th-16th.  get back to me soon.  you can email me back or call me at 713-807-1699.  later 
 i think i can go in that weekend.  do you want to go fri sat sun or just sat sun? 
 one room is going to have 2 queen size beds and then one will have a king size.  there is also couches in the living room and we can get rollaway beds to the room.  location is better at the mirage, but the luxor is really nice too.  let me know what you guys want today and if the dates are ok. 
 thanks for the money.  i received it on saturday.  i really needed it.  i would definately go to phoenix.  just let me know. 
 i think we will get better strippers with the shooter room at the mirage. 
 just give me a call and let me know what this in regards to.    853-7176 
 daddy got the rainman suite baby 
 $225 is for 3 nights.  i can cut it down to fri night and sat night and that will drop our costs to about 145/night.  if we do that we can golf sat morning and then hang by the pool and pick up sluts.  let me know if you guys want to drop the trip down to 2 nights. 
 we are in for 3 nights.  i haven't heard from merlin yet so he is the only one who hasn't committed to that weekend.  i also need to check with max. 
 that is funny shit 
 thanks for the email.  i can't believe i am 25.  i woke up saturday from a hard night of partying  and thought when dad was 25 i was born and now i am 25 and i still go out and party like an idiot.  oh well, it was fun.  how are you feeling?  i hope the dialasys is going well.  let me know.  love matt 
 none.  i will check again later b/c i would like to go. 
 i think we can get this girl for the party.  we will just have to tell her that we are big shooters with the rainman suite.        ? - salsa1.mpe 
 is sept 6th-9th good for you? 
 i think they call her "maddog murdock" 
 you can see the room we have on www.mirage.com.  go to suites and look at the floor plans.  the room we have is the hospitality suite.  it looks like the room on the movie "very bad things".    it doesn't show photos. 
 i got 6 and bass has 2.  tell him to just go b/c at worst we can get the tickets at the dome.  enron might have some floating around. 
 i went ahead and put a deposit down on the room.  with tax it will be $517.75/night.  if we have 7 people paying that will be $222/person.  if max's bro in law doesn't go it is about $260/person.  the deposit i put down is for one night so if anyone wants to cover some of their costs they can pay me.   so IT IS ON now.  sept 6th-sept9th.  i say we get some air brushed t-shirts that say "class of '94 - still partyin'".  just tell your girlfriends we are going to lake dillon to camp or something. 
 here is the list  max ryan merlin scott peder tom me max's bro in law (possibly)   i think we should pay for max's room and airfare.  i don't know how that usually works, but i think we cover that and the entertainment. 
 go to adcritic.com and go to the john werner bear fight. 
 sorry i didn't get back to you last night.  i didn't get your message until this morning. 
 i did a deal with someone on my desk so there is no brokerage involved. 
 i didn't go.  i stayed here.  how is work going?  have you been going out at all?  i havent seen you since sherlocks.  are you going to def leppard tomorrow night?  it is gonna rock.  let me know what is going on for the weekend.  i am definately going out on sat night. 
 you can't shine shit.  whoever drafts him in the second is wasting a pick.  i hope it isn't denver. 
 i can't get off for lunch but we should party before the concert.  we might go to tortucas or something to drink before hand.  where are your tickets? we are club level.  let me know. 
 hey lucky fuck.  i just gave you $20 instead of $15 for the $20 you gave me. so you still owe me $5.  i can't believe you didn't tell me i was making a mistake and stole $5 from me.  i am gonna have to regulate. 
 it is on thurs night for def leppard.  bass said that there is a tortuca near the dome where we can eat and drink some ritas before hand.  i think we should meet around 630-7.  let me know by tomorrow so we can figure it out. 
 i have heard the rodeo opens at 6:45 for rodeo activities, but the concert won't start until about 8:30.  someone up here went to duran duran last night and it said the same thing on the schedule.  i will call tomorrow and double check, but i really don't think they would start a concert that late, def leppard isn't that old. 
 i am glad nobody got back to me on putting in for the deposit.  i will hold $500. 
 yeah and we are going out tonight.  shawn is actually in town.  we should meet up. 
 does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no tequilla shots) or cabos downtown tonight.  let's meet around 6-6:30. 
 i heard you have extra def leppard tickets?  i could use a couple if you have extras.  let me know please. 
 i vote for ruggles at enron field. 
 can i have it 
 i  would go into relapse after one shot.  i would probably pass out at ruggles. 
 that is safe 
 thanks for trying 
 hoskins has no extra.  i heard it isn't sold out and we can pick one up easy.  tell him we are at club level. 
 ruggles it is.  let's meet there b/t 6-6:30.  i will definately be there at 6.  i'm not FOOLIN.  i want to party like an ANIMAL.    it is gonna be HYSTERIA tonight.  enought of the bad jokes. 
 here is the forecast.  thanks for taking the time to look over it.  i just want to go over production real quick with you.   i will call in about a half hour. 
 hopefully downtown baby! 
 that is real nice.  you hate fat people huh? 
 i will give you a chance to get out when we play again or i will have to regulate.  you don't want a shot at the title. 
 more cushion for the pushin 
 what the fuck is tome?  bring it old man.  you will be winded by hand 17. 
 thanks fellas.  i will cover the $510. 
 last night was so cool.  def leppard rocks.  i am going to a dinner tonight but i am going to party tomorrow night.  you? 
 some broker dinner.  it is just a freebie. 
 fri was fun.  i went to a broker deal and the wine was unlimited.  we were crushing $180 bottles for about 4 hours.  i will take it easy this weekend. i have a date with cassie fri, but that is all i will do. 
 how was dinner last night? 
 where are we drinking tonight 
 which question?  i don't know what i am going to do yet?  what do you think? 
 everyone up here loved that 
 i have spoke with her a few times for quite a while.  i would rather go some place that is loud and fun like el tiempo.  is there a place like that around? 
 pretty good.  i went to a broker dinner on fri and we ran a mean tab b/c of the wine.  what did you do? 
 i haven't opened it.  i didn't show anyone. 
 i want to get some ritas.  maybe i could go to el tiempo if they would let us back in. 
 well i am not going to take her there so i won't worry about that place this weekend.  you never said how dinner was last night. 
 what did you do this weekend? 
 you didn't think it was funny. 
 i won at the casino.  it was a profitable trip. 
 how much did you hate that brit 
 did you like his supply bag?  that killed me. 
 by the time you sent this i was already gone.  maybe we can do it again later this week. 
 daddy bought a big bertha and was stroking it last night 
 i bought a big bertha and i was stroking it last night straight and deep. 
 let me know b/c i want to go back out there. this club goes "bling"  when i hit it. 
 bout $250 with a new viser 
 i didn't do anything exciting at all this weekend.  i did play rugby on saturday.  that was fun.  sat night i went to the hub.  that place is so cool. 
 i love living alone.  it has been great.  i think he like austin. 
 Mr. Ponce-  I just wanted to get back with you on some of your customers.  Gas in California really came off and I just wanted to get the feeling of the industrials after the one day drop.  Give me a call when you get a chance @ (713)853-7176.  Matt Lenhart 
 i need to go work out first.  so let's plan for 7. 
 is 7 ok?  i can meet you at my place then or at the range then. 
 no dout boo n0 doubt 
 http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/inside_game/ivan_maisel/news/2001/03/06/maise l_insider/ 
 is telas on sheppard a pretty cool joint to go to on fri? 
 don juan lenharto 
 i don't think she has.  they never hung out in high school and just started living together in jan.  they were more friendly rather than friends. hopefully it will be fun.  she seems really nice. 
 i don't kiss and tell 
 just kidding.  we will probably just get drinks. 
 did you get invited to the wedding? 
 just thought i would let you fellas know that brooke burke, from E! wild on, is posing in playboy next month.  that is all that is keeping me going. 
 yeah.  you and your friends could just send one drink over after another to make me look like a stud.  sounds good. 
 just break your necks when i walk by to the bathroom or something.  i probably won't be able to keep her off of me after that. 
 give me a call when you get a chance.  i lost your number again. 
 between 1030 an 11 would be the best time to install the monitor. 
 send em 
 that is correct 
 they are with reliant canada. 
 pi phi chick from baylor 
 i can go to vegas either the weekend of the 14th of april or the 21st.  just let me know which is the better weekend. 
 ene sucks 
 i think tom, robbie and i should still try to get down to phoenix for a weekend.  talk to those two and see when a good weekend is for them.  i am going to come home in may also for about a week. 
 that date sound good to me.  we can stay at the mirage, treasure island, the alladin, mgm, ect.  there should be some websites like expedia.com which can find hotel rooms easily.  i can arrive thurs evening after probably around 6.  i will check flights.  it shouldn't be a busy weekend.  i can't wait. should be a great weekend. 
 p love has one. 
 let's go with dad in april.  you can go with those guys anytime.  plus you will probably want to go again after we get back. 
 i don't know any of the courses, but it should be easy to find one. 
 what was the name of that chop house restaurant on sheppard? 
 i can't go in that weekend b/c a good friend of mine is getting married.  we could do the following weekend if that is better. 
 that isn't normal? 
 maybe we  should try it for lunch when we are hung over. 
 i changed it 
 possibly around 3.  i would definately get 9 in 
 enron's stock has been getting punished.  a lot of my stock options are worthless.  it is so dark here right now.  it is going to pour.  i think i am going to head to denver for a week in may.  i am not sure which week, but i think that would be a good time to go home.  tell martha and billie hello and i will try to call you guys this week. 
 we should probably get tickets tonight.  i will call keneally's today to make sure they are selling tickets.  who all is going? 
 it is like $10/ticket so i am going to need some cash b/c i am not that big of a shooter yet.  let me call a little later. 
 kenneally's sat afternoon.  you in? 
 who is your new woman? 
 may sounds better actually.  let's try the first week. 
 great. 
 getting married to your sister in law 
 yeah.  i definately want to play.  if we get out there by 4 we can get nine in for sure. 
 don't quit your job at the handy helper.  i don't think you will make it as a comedian with those. 
 he is in now 
 i will try to leave at 3. 
 i say we get there around 2. 
 hull isn't going to make it.  his grandma passed away.  so you have to wait for me. 
 should we eat before we come over 
 i met your friend andrea this weekend 
 i met her at kenneally's on sat.  she was cute.  i am supposed to take her out on fri. 
 call me at 7138537176 
 i just heard about it 
 any time in may is fine.  i think i would go home at the end of may so if you want to go at the end of may that could work.  i am checking today to find out when grandma and grandpa will come into town.  i will let you know this week. 
 not this weekend but the following weekend.  you missed a great st. patty's day.  i have a date with some hot kappa from ut on fri. 
 A very successful energy trader parked his brand-new Mercedes in front of his office, ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out, a truck passed too close and completely tore off the door on the driver's side. The trader immediately grabbed his cell phone, dialed 911, and within minutes a policeman pulled up.  Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the energy trading icon started screaming hysterically. His Mercedes, which he had just picked up the day before, was now completely ruined and would never be the same, no matter what the body shop did to it.  When he finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief. "I can't believe how materialistic you energy traders are," he said. "You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else."  "How can you say such a thing?" asked the trader.  The cop replied, "Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down? It must have been torn off when the truck hit you."  "My God!" screamed the master trader. "Where's my Rolex?" 
 i will be out of town 
 so who wants to send me some money for this deposit.  max also left me a message that he wants to add two people to the party, does anyone know who they are? 
 i went to kenneally's.  it was a blast.  what did you do?  what have you been up to?  i haven't seen you in a while. 
 i am just giving you guys a hard time.  we can square everything in sept. 
 i didn't know she was married again.  good for her.  wednes i will be at a broker party.  this week is gas fair so i will be partying and golfing.  we need to  go out when you get in town. 
 we can square up in sept. 
 i hate this job 
 that is him 
 i hope it isn't his crack addict driver who was arrested over xmas. 
 damn.  she is fertile.  does your brother work at reliant also? 
 yeah.  i am trading gas.   i see your brother in law out in the market from time to time.  this week is going to be busy with dinners and golf.  tough life. 
 runs or robs? 
 sure. 
 free your mind and the rest will follow 
 met some girl from your hometown named ivana or something.  she works at dynegy. 
 golf lesson saturday.  she said she knew you.  black hair, short. 
 last week was ubeliveable and in two days it is all gone   my bonus will suck 
 yeah i know them.  dinner was fun. 
 what about those two? 
 i just know her from school and through you and i knew him at school.  i don't know them that well.  you going out this weekend? 
 we have been playing phone tag.  i will call her today.  i am still planning on taking her out tonight. 
 i think i told her i have great ankles and beautiful muscle definition in my thighs.  where should i go?  i was thinking el tiempo to drink some ritas. 
 what is lz's? 
 is that a good place to go for drinks afterwards or should i go somewhere else? 
 did you call me from your car while you were jamming or something?  i heard this music going and you were howling.  it is on my voicemail at work. 
 i shouldn't have erased it.  i heard that dude say your name. 
 congrats.  i hate my job. 
 you sounded like a mexican in a marriache (sp?) band.  you were rolling your r's.  i was just sitting there thinking "what the fuck?" .  you are a wild woman. 
 that is what i was thinking. 
 i don't know.  work pays for it. 
 sorry i didn't call you back on sat.  i had a date that night. 
 i downloaded some good shit off of napster.  you have got to see my list. 
 it went well.  i had a real good time.  she likes to party so we got along great. 
 please stop sending these to me.  it is embarrassing. 
 i got my new cpu and created the greatest rap mix ever.  you definately need to copy this one.  how was fishing? 
 i liked her much better than cassie.  i have 0 interest in cassie. 
 cassie is nice, but i have no interest in her.  i am taking this girl out again this week before i hit caymen. 
 no time for lunch dr. jones 
 why did you guys get all that stuff already?  you still have over a year.  is it still going to be in the caymens?  what are you doing for christmas?  i mean chuanaka? 
 i went to chili's.  i also let her have two drinks there ( i usually tell them to drink it slow b/c they are not going to get another).  then we went to 7-11, picked up some 40's and hung out in the parking lot.  it was pretty cool. 
 the dude changed my swing completely.  i am going to the range tonight if you want to go. 
 right back at you 
 is that wierd to break in to women's homes and watch them sleep?  if that is wrong i don't want to be right. 
 nothing is going on here.  i am actually going to grand cayman tomorrow for the weekend.  it should be an ok weekend.  did you go out on saturday?  i was hurting when i woke up sat morning. 
 i went to tilas and then downtown.  it was fun. 
 yeah.  a lot more.  i didn't feel like i needed to carry the conversation. who is getting married in b.r.?  michelle? 
 i didn't mean to be snippy.  i am just stressed.  how is everything going?  i am going home for a week.  i am looking foward to it. 
 are all the older people going to ask you why you aren't married yet? 
 just tell them you don't have a husband you have a "life partner" 
 how late are you working?  i have a reservation for 8:30. 
 what is going on?  i call your husband about two weeks ago and he never called me back.  i am leaving for cayman today so i will scope out the scene this weekend.  tell max to give me a call. 
 this is funny.  i just wanted to send it off to you guys before i leave to cayman.  i hope the weather is good in houston for you guys this weekend.  it is supposed to be a low of 77 and high of like 87 in cayman.  rough life. 
 i will be bumpin' to rosa parks at the beach tomorrow. 
 did you like "no asian men"? 
 i will let you know when i rub oil on her back this weekend. 
 i will try to find out this weekend when we are jet skiing. 
 mediatrip.com 
 i will have him sign the cocktail napkin. 
 let's save some money for vegas and just get him a george foreman grill. that will be about $3.50 each. 
 let me know the dates and i will come home around that.  how is everything going?  call me tonight.  i just got back from caymen yesterday. 
 just wanted to let you know i got back from cayman yesterday and it was low 77 hi 85.  it is going to rock. 
 yeah.  i will get there fri evening.  i think i am going to stay in the quarter. 
 i got the palace in n.o. for the weekend.  this is the big place w/ 2bdr and 2 bath. 
 why don't you just give him the sunglasses you kept after i let you borrow them over new years 2000. 
 i think ed sardella does that bit. 
 that shit was funny.  i even rated you on that site.  do you log in every 30 min to check your ratings. 
 no.  i had it in my back pocket and it might have dialed you.  i was at the u2 concert.  what has been going on? 
 cayman rocked.   it is such a nice place and everything was on the big e. 
 i haven't talked to her in about a week.  she bagged our date last week and we were supposed to reschedule it to this week, but i haven't heard from her.  i went to u2 w/ dynegy and sat in a luxury box.  it was so nice. 
 what is going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  are you still heading to phoenix this weekend? 
 i just went with some traders.  you have to love the gravy. 
 i know that.  i haven't had a chance to call b/c i haven't even been home.  i want to take her out again.  shhe is a lot of fun. 
 that is you dancing at sierra. 
 " i know i'm pretty but i ain't as pretty as a pair of titties" - the pimp in true romance 
 how much would i make working for a real estate developer? 
 it was great.  the weather was awesome and we did whatever we wanted and it was all on the big e.  i will give you a shout next week and we can get together then.  who are you going to phoenix with? 
 trading? located? 
 christopher walken was the guinea 
 are you going to outkast wednes?  they still have tickets at ticketmaster.com 
 it was really cool.  i am a little burned now.  what is going on? 
 those weren't my picks that were submitted. 
 looks like outkast has been cancelled tonight 
 i am going to new orleans for my friend val's bachelor party and an engagement party on sat.  what are you going to do? 
 i think i am driving.  i am going to leave fri afternoon. 
 looks like your boy gore finally bowed out.  it is about time that guy conceded the election.  why are you so stressed?  i bet that you are a stess hound.  how nice is it in florida? 
 i don't know.  i am kind of tired.  i sound like a lil bitch. 
 what happened? 
 do you know where to buy x b/c i heard she digs that.  what happened to her boyfriend. 
 is it on or not? 
 no problem. 
 that looks like my dog 
 what girl?  andrea?  we will probably get together next week. 
 i emailed her.  i will call her this weekend.  i think she left town yesterday and i haven't been home at all this week.  i have a very active social life. 
 no but i do have great legs 
 what is your ext?  i have a question about global markets.  just give me a call. 
 do you have any more funny stories 
 i think peder has a bright future if he gets drunk at work functions and drops his pants. 
 that's why we play the game 
 is your roomate sleeping one off? 
 what went on this weekend?  i am still tired from this weekend. 
 the party was fun.  it was good to see a lot of people i haven't seen in a long time.  i am just wiped out today.  i need a nap. 
 i will try.  is that wednes or thurs that you guys are going out?  i heard of a new cool place called the drink that  is near downtown. 
 i never take my stress out on other people.  new years will be great.  i think i am going to new orleans.  you will be missing me over new years. 
 i have no plans this week. 
 does everyone at work think you are gay?  i have 4 monitors and that blasted across them all and everyone was just looking at me. 
 i have no news, but we are gonna rock.  we have the rainman suite and we will have the hottest entertainment up there.  i was at a bachelor party this weekend and it was fun, but it won't compare to the one we are gonna throw for max. 
 peder was a virgin.  merlin got more? 
 let's get him all loaded and send him out on the strip naked. 
 i already read that shit 
 is this safe to open 
 is that it? 
 i think sept 6-9.  i am coming to denver in either may or july so we will iron out the final details then.  i will get the entertainment lined up for us.  i am going to vegas in two weeks and i will scout for some other shit to do. 
 i don't think they do that.  you don't want to pay someone to do that shit for you.  did your house really burn down? 
 it was no trouble.  let me know if you need anything else. 
 what about the angry dragon or the houdini? 
 i love the houdini and angry dragon. 
 you can borrow it whenever.  are you in town this weekend? 
 nothing going on here.  i went to new orleans this weekend for a bachelor party.  i am still dead.  so phoenix was nice?  i had a massage in cayman and i thought it was the best thing.  i couldn't figure out why a spa would be a good vacation until i had my massage.  give me a call when you get a chance. i will be home tonight. 
 you just sent a reply to all to everyone at enron. 
 nope 
 i need to book a jan trip to new orleans. 
 you guys win one wild card game and all of the sudden the saints are superbowl contenders. 
 no.  you are really on there. 
 we have improved our defense and our starting qb, who is better than yours, was out.  plus we will have two more stud rb's back and some new defensive personnel. 
 are you still partying tonight?  i think i am going to stay in, but i am definately up for going out tomorrow night. 
 i would love to play the saints.  as i recall we ran right through that great defense. 
 it was someone who looked like him who was acting as him.  his dad had him shipped away so he wouldn't ruin his chance at becoming the president.  i love that book except that one chapter.  i thought the book was hilarious. 
 will do.  thanks for sending these.  i appreciate it. 
 is everyone still up for going out tonight?  i am going to party like a rock star tonight.  let's hit downtown.  we don't have to try that place the drink.  how about silante's or something. 
 i think you need to do some bartender training tonight. 
 from indiana jones when the chinese kid says "no time for love dr. jones" 
 that is gonna be me this weekend 
 there is an offer to join a golf club called the houston oaks for $145/mo. there are 36 holes.  i heard it is a good couse.  it is up near 290 and hwy 6.  the only thing you pay for is a cart.  sounds like a good deal.  i heard it is a nice course.  i am thinking of getting in if anyone else is interested.  let me know today what you think. 
 the website is houstonoaksgolfclub.com.  it doesn't look that great online. check it out or ask anyone if they have played there. 
 this place is like a 45 minute drive so i am out. 
  this is a funny video.  hopefully you can open it up.  i have some other good stuff also.  are you going to go out tonight?  i think i am heading to silantes.  send me some funny stuff and i will give you a call later.  - FingerPig.avi 
 the real victor was the one in europe not the law student.  the law student was the replacement victor.  that is the guy they got to act as victor so he wouldn't ruin his dad's chances at pres.  great book.  what is going on for easter? 
 check out chad's name in this thing 
 i almost sent you that one.  that is hilarious.  that is what i dressed up as one year for halloween. 
 look harder.  it is a funny picture.  i think you had a 4.7 avg. 
 no thanks.  what aabout the happy hour with the hottie? 
 the law student was the replacement b/c the real one was such a fuck up. sorry i didn't call you guys back last  night.  i didn't get home until 8 and the sopranos was on. 
 i will be in vegas.  send her my regards. 
 i felt fine.  i was just tired but i didn't feel bad.  my golf game sucks but that is b/c i have a new golf swing after my lesson a couple of weeks ago. this swing is going to take me  to the next level.  i think if trading doesn't work out i will have something to fall back on. 
 you didn't think that was funny?  do i need to explain that one? 
 that was great.  that is as funny as i get. 
 you weren't on there. if you were i am sure you would be a 10. 
 congrats.  that is good news.  what else is going on. 
 ditto.  work is it.  i am going to vegas this weekend, so i got that going for me. 
 why not?  you don't like those things?  you get penis straws and everything. 
 i am going with work.  another boondoggle. 
 i am at the venitian.  i am going to stay in the rainman suite.  should be a good time.  i can load up and get some hookers and just have an old fashioned good time.  it is a good stress relief. 
 i am just kidding.  i wouldn't ever pay for it.  anyway i am going with people from work so it woulnd't look to good if i was bringing hookers into my room. 
 just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me. 
 i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon" 
 did you take his v-card?  i don't think i ever dated one.  i like my women fast. 
 why are you staying with her parents?  won't that kill some of your fun?  how good was the deal? 
 got to work dude 
 oh yeah.  he doesn't sound like a lot of fun - if you catch my drift.  what are you guys doing for the bachelorette party?  if you need entertainment i might be for hire.  i would totally give those chicks a thrill. 
 if i could get a guaranteed contract plus tips i would skip the trip. remember how great my legs would look dancing all over the chicks. 
 i thought that you said you were sharing a suite with them.  thanks for the pics. 
 1400 smith st. houston, tx 77002-7361 
 i have to hold off until vegas.  my liver is sore from this past weekend.  i have to go home and nurse it at night. 
 shooters. 
 are you going out tonight or something?  i think chad has a good opp in austin.  now i have somewhere to stay when i go to austin every other weekend.  i did have a good date the other night.  i haven't spoke with her since so i don't know if i am going out with her or not tonight. 
 for easter i just stayed in town and golfed all weekend?  what did you do? did you go to central and regulate some punks.  what are you doing this weekend?  i am going to vegas.  i haven't been home at all this month except for last weekend.  i have to go to buttfuck mississippi next weekend for a wedding. 
 val is getting married there.  his fiance, celeste, is from there. mississippi is so cool. 
 i got your jacket from bass 
 means you got a lot of ammo 
 nevermind 
 i haven't watched them at all.  every time i try to watch hockey they are not on.   i am gonna watch their next series.  who are they gonna play? 
 i don't remember the bet 
 are you hurting this morning?  my lifestyle has to change within the next 5 years or i will be dead. 
 i feel like a champ today 
 your past few months have been just as bad.  at least i didn't close uropa b/c i was puking in the bathroom. 
 is your dad ok?  what is hines?  is that a development firm?  i just didn't call her last night.  you can't call them the next night.  that looks pathetic if you do.  this way she can sit around and think about me for a day.  she is a cool chick.  nice, cute sorority chick.  well let me know if you go out. 
 i don't remember half of that night, but i do remember you in the bathroom. sierra is fun on wednesdays isn't it? 
 by the way, my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday. 
 who is better for the avs to play?  what has been going on in denver? 
 should be 7.20. 
 i hate notre dame.  tim, i need to get down to your office today. 
 maybe i will come home the 16th of may.  let me see and i will get back to you. 
 i can't come the last week b/c of work.  that is when prices get set for next month gas.  it is a very busy week and there is no way for me to get out of it.  when are grandma and grandpa coming? 
 are you on crutches 
 i don't understand that last email 
 if it is real estate development i would like to look into it.  let me know. i want to see what type of work it is. 
 i think the best guy to contact is a guy named ted bland or karen buckley.  i think he heads up the trading track program.  this is the best way to get into trading now.  you have to do 3 6mo. rotations in different trading support roles.  contact him and he should be able to get you more info.  hope that helps you out. 
 it is so good to finally get one of these state of the unions again.  i don't know if i can speak for everyone, but i sure have missed it.    it is just good to read all the smart, witty humor again.  i especially thought the part about screaming "who let the dogs out" was quite funny.  it makes it especially funny b/c the employees play along instead of yelling out "shut up nerd".   as most of you know chad and i no longer live together.  it was real tough to see him go b/c we are pretty close, but not as close as maziarz and i evidently are.  but every now and then i still get reminders that i used to live with chad  like the other day when i was vacuming.  i decided to vacum behind the couch b/c i had never cleand back there.  when i looked behind the couch the floor was littered with about 50 toenails.    at first i was pretty freaked out and i was thinking how could these toenails possibly get here? but then i remembered i use to live with chad and he had a nasty habit of pulling off his toenails.  i should have figured that he didn't dispose of them properly.  it is good to see that chad has figured out how to use the email system again.  last week enron sent out a company wide email and our boy chad replied back to the whole company.  i felt pretty embarrassed for him after he sent the first reply, but went he replied to the whole company a second time i just thought that he was an idiot.  now he will be known as the guy who replied not once but twice to a company wide email.  well, i sure am looking foward to the next state of the union.  i know i will since i am going to vegas to spend all my money at the strip clubs.   MFL 
 nope.  we talked a couple of times and tenatively planned to go out, but last time i called she didn't call back.  she sounded like she has a situation w/ her ex or she just might not like me.  that is hard to belive though. 
 how was mitch's bday? 
 i didn't get thrown out of a casino.  i had to leave this bar b/c they over charged us by $300 so i argued w/ the manager and he said i had to leave.  i was pissed, but i didn't get physically removed or anything.  these guys at this club tried to rip us off and i was pissed.   i didn't out do my birthday either.  we drank a lot but it was over long periods of time.  it wasn't like on my birthday when we just slammed everything as fast as we could. 
 did you talk to her recently or something?  i have been out of time a lot this month.  i went to vegas this weekend and i feel like shit now.  i had fun with her, but i really didn't hear too much from her so i  just took it as an indication. 
 did you get a stripper? 
 that is nasty 
 i got a few of them.  i have a rash now in my lap. 
 you should see the rash 
 ho w have you been?  i haven't been up to much just going out and stuff.  are you going home for the holidays?  i am heading to denver this weekend and will be there through next week.  what are you doing over new years? 
 it isn't oozing, just itching.  it was worth every penny.  i think this hooker really liked me. 
 thanks.  i heard boone was in rare form though.  i am dead tired right now. 
 i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi.  i am not looking foward to that but don't tell val.  the following weekend i will be ready to rock. 
 i don't know but i don't want to make it.  i just want to stay home. 
 tim should have it.  so are you getting nervous.  vegas rocked.  what time does the wedding start and how long of a drive is it?  i bet you're nervous. let me know if we need to keep  a car running out front. 
 i am glad to hear it.  it is  ok, it isn't like i need the money or anything.  how was your date? 
 did you get her to sign a service contract?  i won about $700 
 thanks for that email.  i just opened it and everyone say that shoot across all 4 screens of mine.  i will talk to you later b/c i have to go up to hr now. 
 no. i like the rockets a lot, but not as much as the nuggets.  i will be home on fri. 
 oops i did it again 
 what time are you going to get into town? 
 what happened to the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again this year? 
 we might go get some food and spirits after work if you are interested.  i am going to butt-fuck mississippi for val's wedding.  i will be in town the rest of the month so i am ready to start tearing up houston again.  let me know if you are up for drinks after work. 
 just call me on my cell phone.  i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink. 
 there is a band?  what is going on this weekend? 
 let me know when you want to go out.  i can go out any night. 
 did they look lazy?  they always seem over-confident. 
 sounds fun.  i think i am going to go out there at lunch and get some dancing in. 
 i am heading to new orleans for new years.  chad actually went home for the holidays and is moving to austin at the beginning of the year for a govt rotation for enron. 
 i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch. 
 what is your cell number again 
 you didn't send the number.  just call me on mine @ 7138258410.  i am thinking tealas and sitting out on the porch. 
 that is disgusting.  watch for me i will be the one dancing like a maniac. 
 430 is good 
 what are you going to dc for? 
 do you know those girls? 
 i was going to come home this weekend if you knew them.  we would have to set up a service contract with those chicks. 
 you just know b/c you saw the movie.   didn't you ever see indiana jones? 
 i will try to talk with mike later this week.  is he in development or accounting?  thanks for calling him for me. 
 what is shawn's cell phone number?  he was supposed to stay at my place last night and he didn't show up. 
 yeah baby.  i was there two weeks ago and there were hotties everywhere.  i am going to come home in the early part of july and we will figure out the final details. 
 i found a bunch of tickets to fargo.  most run through minneapolis.  the cheapest is $432.  the earliest arrives at 12:30 and they have one at 2, 3, 5.  let me know what you guys have and i will coordinate the times accordingly. 
 those were pretty good.  how is everything in phoenix?  it looks hot. 
 it was supposed to have some pics 
 i am going to try to rent out my place and get another hopefully. 
 did you like the blond with the white sweater? 
 shawn is in town tonight and wants to get a bite to eat if you are up for it. 
 i will let you know.  i need to run after work. 
 email me back or just give me a call tonight. 
 what are you doing at work so early?  i am already pumped to go out this weekend.  fri was bad for susan and eric.  they were the only one doing shots.  everyone else was fairly sober and just hanging out.  it was pretty discusting.  let's hit the town this weekend.  maybe even thurs.  how was dc?  i heard that place is a blast. 
 i heard dc is fun.  i don't care what we do.  we were talking about going to boone's sat and hang out on his porch and drink before we go out.  i think he has a patio in his backyard. 
 what is it.  i got to know.  i need some new chicks.  i need the weekend. today totally sucks.  what are some good books to read? 
 no, but i saw that they won tonight.  it was close.  is sakic going to be ok? 
 i thought you were going to say you thought of the witty comeback the next morning when you both woke up. 
 this is for mom  i just want some clothes from polo.  or some colonge from polo - called polo sport.  what do you want? 
 i bought my ticket.  i arrive on that saturday @ 12:20pm.  i will email grandma. 
 hey grandma.  how is it going?  i just purchased my ticket for grand forks today.   i get in on saturday the 9th @ 12:20pm.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone.  love matt 
 what is grandma's email address? 
 i just ordered my ticket about 5 minutes ago.  i arrive in fargo on the 9th at 12:20 pm.  the ticket was $430.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone. i think it will be fun.  i am going to bring my clubs.  i have a new golf swing after a lesson i took a few weeks ago.  hope all is well.  thanks for picking up the bill for my ticket.  i really appreciate it.  love matt 
 i hope this isn't a pic of a naked old man again.  what has been going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while. 
 you didn't have fun at the small town wedding?    i had to go to one in mississippi this weekend.  it was actually fun.   vegas was two weekends ago.  that was a blast.  work covered everything so i lived like a rock star that weekend.  where are you moving?  maybe we can get drinks or something this week. 
 did they look good or lucky to win?  how is roy playing? 
 you said the line worked well and when i first started reading that i was like "hey now!".  you never know.  you could be a wild woman on vacation if you never have to see those people again. 
 why would you shoot yourself?  chicks go home with guys all the time. 
 how long do you have your lease at midtown? 
 how was your wedding? 
 i went to val's wedding.  it was a blast.  how did a wedding get busted by the cops?  what type of people went to this thing? 
 next week is good for me.  let 's just go get a drink after work or something.  who is your new roommate going to be? that sucks you have to waste a saturday moving. 
 this is still my email.  what is going on?  how is your business doing? 
 i think i met a few of your friends that night, but i don't remember who is who.  it seems like such a long time ago. any time is good for me next week. let's get together on tuesday?  let me know if that is good for you. 
 nice.  i knew that would be a better choice.  saturday night is on dog.  we are going to golf sat also if you are in.  let me know.  tee time is at 11. 
 745 sucks.  we will hit it sat night. 
 that was a mistake.  i don't know what i was thinking.  i need to stay home. 
 i cannot go to denver the last week of may b/c i have to be here for work. the last week is when we set gas prices for the next month.  i think the best thing for me to do is come to phoenix one weekend.  i have been golfing lately.  i got a lesson and the teacher gave me a new swing.  i am kind of struggling with it now.  i think it will take me to the next level.  i will try to call you and grandma this weekend.  matt 
 you staying warm up there?  looks like the wind chill is sub 30.  what do you and billie have planned for the holidays?  i am heading home on friday.  i am looking foward to getting home.  hopefully the weather wont be too cold. well i just wanted to say hello.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 he went home already.  we went to dinner mon & tues.  i am just going to chill this week and party on saturday, maybe even friday a little.  are you going out tomorrow? 
 enron would probably do something like this, but i think you need to contact that charity group.  they might already have a team.  it is good to see that you are such a philanthropist. 
 you going to golf or go play ultimate dork frisbee? 
 i have a tee time for sat @ 11.  let me know if you think you can play today.  the course is sienna plantation. 
 saturday is definately on.  fri i am up for whatever.  maybe happy hour and turn in before 2am for once. 
 Coach Jim Haslett had put together the perfect New Orleans Saints team. The only thing he was missing was a good quarterback.  He had scouted all the colleges, and even the high schools, but he couldn't find a ringer quarterback who could ensure a Super Bowl win.  Then one night, while watching CNN, he saw a war-zone scene in Bosnia. In one corner of the screen, he spotted a young Bosnian soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand grenade straight into a 15th-story window 200 yards away --ka-boom!  "I've got to get this guy!"  Haslett said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings the kid to the New Orleans and teaches him the great game of football, and the Saints go on to win the Super Bowl for the first time in history.  The young Bosnian is "canonized" as the Great Hero of football, and when Haslett asks him what he wants, all the young man wants to do is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl." "I don't want to talk to you," the old woman says. "You deserted us.  You are not my son." "I don't think you understand, Mother!" the young man pleads. "I just won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No, let me tell you," the mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives yesterday, and today your sister was kidnapped in broad daylight." The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says " ...I'll never forgive you for making us move to New Orleans." 
 > Two buddies, Tony and Steve, are getting very drunk  > at a bar  > when suddenly Steve throws up all over himself. "Oh,  > no. Now Jane will  > kill me!"  Steve says.  >  >  Tony says, "Don't worry, pal. Just tuck a twenty in  > your breast  >  pocket, tell Jane that someone threw up on you and  > gave you twenty dollars  > for the dry cleaning bill."  >  >  So they stay for another couple of hours and get  > even drunker.  >  >  Eventually Steve rolls into home and his Jane  > starts to give him  > a bad time. "You reek of alcohol and you've puked  > all over yourself! My  > God, you're disgusting!"  >  >  Speaking very carefully so as not to slur, Steve  > says,  >  "Nowainaminit,  >  I can e'splain everything! Itsh not what you think.  > I only had a  > couple drinks. But this other guy got sick on me...  > he'd had one too many  > and he just couldn't hold his liquor. He said he was  > very sorry an' gave  > me twenty bucks for the cleaning bill!"  >  >  Jane looks in the breast pocket and says, "But this  > is forty bucks."  >  > "Oh, yeah... I almos' forgot, he shit in my pants,  > too." 
 he is a winner.  kansas might turn into a 6 win a year program with cooper there. 
 yeah.  i think they will go to the rose bowl. 
 look for some gifts i sent home for lori, mckenna and grandma.  they should get there before friday.  if not let me know.  i got mckenna something from etoys and i heard they are having some problems.  their stock dropped to $0.28 yesterday from $82 last year so i don't know if they even care anymore.  see you this weekend. 
 the joke reminds everyone of suzy b/c she drinks a lot. 
 rohan davey 
 you better be able to golf tomorrow. 
 you obviously haven't seen my new swing.  you need to be on your best game to take my title. 
 totally 
 i bet your teeth are on strike too b/c all the bile in your stomach is eating them up after you threw up for 2 hours 
 all i know is we can never go back to teala's.  i don't want to get banned at front porch also SUSAN! 
 especially since boone bought some weed from the waiter 
 susan forgot to reply to all.  i think this was directed at you bass.   susan said: why the heck am I getting all the crap on this one....I'm not the one who came back to the table with puke on myself. 
 tell grandma i can't wait to hear her sing. 
 what about when he was gargaling puke trying to say " i am a trader at enron" 
 i think we should wait in line at the grasshopper next time so we don't waste our night.  we will know for next weekend. 
 what is up with the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again? 
 how was moving this weekend?  did you still want to get a drink after work tomorrow? 
 this is their last hope 
 how was happy hour?  i was golfing when you called and i didn't get the message until late. 
 if they don't win i read that they are going to break up the team 
 they have to be worried about you in ebs if you come in to work hung over on mondays 
 it is a good work out for you to move up 3 flights of stairs.  did you move it all yourself or pay someone to do it?   mi luna is good for me tomorrow. i love their ritas.  how about we go around 7.  i can pick you up or just meet you there if you are going straight from work. 
 we have diff # for jp.  as of 12/17 we have a bal of 11.346 in jp. 
 6:30 is fine with me.  i will meet you at the bar. 
 have you guys reserved a room for caymen yet?   i heard the comfort suites is where everyone is staying.  let me know if you guys just want to load everyone up in one room like back in high school. 
 comfort suites is like $800 total for 4 nights.  cheap as it gets down there.  i was just thinking we would all pile in and save some money.  only condition is that ryan doesn't go on a booze cruise and piss on himself. 
 i think they sell tickets for that dude's concert at the hollywood food store around the corner from my house. 
 that actually works out better for me.  i will meet you at mi luna at 7. that is the place in the village correct? 
 that is right.  i was looking at our operations group numbers which are incorrect. 
 i think they have two rooms with two double beds in each.  jen knows the details, but i heard we need to make reservations 