 Bush names businessmen to Pentagon civilian posts 04/24  16:08  WASHINGTON, April 24 (Reuters) - President George W. Bush said on Tuesday he planned to nominate three top businessmen to the civilian positions of Army, Navy and Air Force secretary at the Pentagon.  Bush chose James Roche, corporate vice president and president of the Electronic Sensors and Systems Sector of the Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC), to be secretary of the Air Force.  Before joining the private sector, Roche served as Democratic staff director for the Senate Armed Services Committee and as principal deputy director of policy planning at the State Department.  Thomas White, Bush's choice for Army secretary, is currently vice chairman of Enron Energy Services (ENE). He served in the Army for 23 years, retiring as a brigadier general and was executive assistant to the current Secretary of State Colin Powell when Powell was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Bush also said he intended to nominate Gordon England to be secretary of the Navy. England is currently executive vice president of General Dynamics (GD), where he has worked for 17 years.  All three nominees must be confirmed by the Senate. ((Washington newsroom 202 898-8300, fax 202 898 8383, email Washington.bureau.newsroom@reuters.com)) 
 ok, whatever 
 Rogers Herndon - eto tot muzhiuk, kotoriy el donut!!! On ochen' klassniy, nado popast' v ego gruppu. 
 Patrick,  with regard to the deal we did on ICE, their confirmation is right. It should be Gas Daily TETCO M3, not Z6. Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Vladi Pimenov  x37625 
 Patrick,  we fixed the deal. Thank you for bringing it to my attention.  Vladi 
 lapka, konechno mozhno takoy zhe kamen' naiti, vse sdelaem, ne bespokoisia 
 Select pts.REF_PERIOD_DT, pts.CURVE_AMT FROM EGS.EGS_CURVE_DEF def, EGS.EGS_CURVE_POINTS pts WHERE def.CURVE_DEF_ID = pts.CURVE_DEF_ID AND def.CURVE_CD='NG' AND def.BOOK_TYPE_CD='P' AND def.CURVE_TYPE_CD='PR' AND def.EFFECTIVE_DT = TO_DATE('01-Oct-2001','DD-MON-YYYY')AND pts.REF_PERIOD_DT BETWEEN TO_DATE('01-Nov-2001','DD-MON-YYYY') AND TO_DATE('01-Oct-2007','DD-MON-YYYY') order by pts.REF_PERIOD_DT 
 Karen,  Here is my job description. I tried to make it broad to fit my possible move to another groups on the trading floor.  Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Vladi. 
 Hi everybody,  Here is the new slide template. It is reduced in size and also has more space available for information.  Dipak, Justin and Patrick, please make sure that you don't link to the data, your files were the biggest in size.  Vladi 
 just checking ;) 
 Nu che, Len, ti segodnia pridesh'? 
 we already bought the CD, gonna learn stuff by next spring 
 compro una CD de espanol para mi i mi novia Bonda. Nos Vamos a estudiar mucho para preparar por el viaje al Equador 
 Amanda,  please send the new template to everybody in the group.  Vladi 
 Gracias, amigo. No te preocupes, te boy a llamar, no estoy miedo de tiempo diferencia  Vladi 
 that's the right number 
 thank you very much Chrisito!!!  I should be home at around 9-10 o'clock we'll just go to a restaurant with Natalie today, the the big party is tomorrow. And I'm leaving to Moscow on thursday   A caballo!!!  Tu amigo Vladi 
 Spasibo za pozdravlenia!!!!  Postaraus' otmetit' ne xuzhe chem ran'she, kogda mi stoboy zazhigali ogni.  Poslednie novosti: Shipitsina rodila devochku 15 chisla, vse proshlo normal'no, zovut Dasha.  V chetverg ultayu na rodinu, tak chto pishi komu peredat' priveti  Vladik 
 Victor, thanks for forwarding these messages. Could you please also add Jon Mckay to the list so he could get all the pipeline updates. He is trading all the M3 and Z6 basis now.  thanks,  Vladi 
 Lapka, spasibo,  I tebia ochen' liubliu  CHMOK!!!! 
 funny 
 Home phone: (713) 993 00 67  Emergency Contact Name: Natalie Bondareva  Emergency Contact Phone: (713) 993 00 67 
 Hey guys,  in light of my quickly approaching 26th birthday I wanted to invite you all to dinner on tuesday October 2nd. I hope that nice company (and plenty of alcohol) will help me to forget about my age for at least one evening.  So, what do you say?  The place: Buca Di Beppo (Massimo can translate it for you), 5192 Buffalo Speedway. Map is attached. The place is really nice, not too expensive and a lot of fun. I think we could reserve a private room.  Time: October 2nd  7:30PM.  Please let me know if you can make it so I would know the exact number of people.  Hope to see y'all there.  Vlad. 
   check out www.ubswenergy.com <http://www.ubswenergy.com> 
 http://www.arabia.com/news/article/english/0,1690,53160,00.html 
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/business/newsid_1196000/1196928.stm "Aeroflot was able to get rid of most of its oldest planes. It has not crashed once in the past 10 years and its safety record is now considered equal to that of British Airways and Air France. " BBC 
 Chris,  I am sending you the file I was working on for John Lavorato if he asks about it while I am at the dentist.  If he wants another printout I've put it on your desk, otherwise I am gonna be back around 11.  Vladi 
 Jane,  Here are the GD prices you were asking for. Let me know if you need anything else  Vladi 
  Due to the change of servers and moving of all ERMS  databases to the new locations old curve fetch files are not working properly.  I got our IT guys to fix the file you gave me. Everything looks OK now.  I got the new file attached.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Vladi 
 LApka, ne rasstraivaisia, eto bivaet. Mi tebe novoe kupim, eshe luche.  tvoy liubiashiy zaets 
 budet sdelano....  tol'ko chto dali kontrakt, ta zhe zarplata, nikakix bonusov, no zato net non-compete 
 nxb@allegrodevelopment.com 
 thanks man 
 Kim  I actually need all the data exported to excel.  Thanks,  Vladi 
 Chrisito,  thank you  very much for your warm letter.  I also wish you the best in this New year and want to tell you that you are my best friend too. I hope to see you this year.  A caballo!!!  Tu amigo Vladi  P.S. this is the right address and number 
 Privet Pasha!!!  I am still at Enron (although I might have a new employer early next year).  I also wish you the best of luck this upcoming new year. We all need it.  Happy New Year from Texas!!!  Take care,  Vlad 
 John,  Thank you very much  Vladi 
 Kimberly  could you please change my phone home to (713) 993 0067 and cell phone is (713) 515 43 19 and send it to everybody?  I would greatly appreciate it.  Vladi. 
 Geof,  I would greatly appreciate of you could help me with your expertise on brushing up my resume when you have a minute.  Vlad 
  How to Explain Enron to Your Children:  Feudalism - You have two cows. Your lord takes some of the milk.  Fascism - You have two cows. The government takes both, hires you to take care of them, and sells you the milk.  Communism - You have two cows. Your neighbors help take care of them and you share the milk.  Totalitarianism - You have two cows. The government takes them both and denies they ever existed and drafts you into the army. Milk is banned.  Capitalism - You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows. You sell the milk and retire on the income.  Enron - You have two cows. You sell three of them to your publicly-listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Islands partnership secretly owned by the CFO of the publicly listed company who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more, and that these and certain other cow-related activities give milk, both realized and unrealized/notional, at an annual run rate of 1.54 billion gallons 
 vladislav@lycos.com 
 let's change it to 2.645 
 c'mon, Biliana, stay positive 
 vladislav@lycos.com   STAY in TOUCH!!!  :) 
  For those with too rosey an outlook...... 
 Alejandra,  here is the information that I hope you'll be using from time to time: :) e-mail: vladislav@lycos.com birthday: october 1st phone no.: 713 993-00-67  Although my phone no.# might change if they kick me out of Enron :), I think my birthday and e-mail won't.  Stay in touch!!!  Vladi.  P.S. Please forward me your info too. 
  http://www.moscowtimes.ru/travel/index.html 
 V obshem ,vse po poriadku.  Kogda priexal, uzhe na vtoroy takoe bilo vpechatlenie, chto nikuda i ne uezhal, vse blin tozhe samoe, vse tol'ko rabotu pomeniali, a tak v printsipe odna i ta zhe fignia. U menia stol'ko za poslednie 2.5 goda proizoshlo, chto I ozhidal chto i u vsex takie zhe ogromnie izmenenia. No vse v tselom po staromu, chto v printsipe grustno. Narod poxozhe zaela obidennost' i rutinka. No v tselom situatsia poluche chem I uezhal, s rabotoy i den'gami I ponial problem bol'shix net, chto ne mozhet ne radovat'.  S Mashkoy i Azarovoy I kak bi voobshe i ne planiroval vstrechat'sia, s Taney xotel, no ne poluchilos', I ey zvonil paru raz, nikto ne otvechal. S Shipitsinoy tol'ko raz posle priezda razgovarival, u nee vrode vse normal'no, mozhet pereedet na zimu vo Floridu, tam teplee.  Naschet ostavat'sia ili uezhat' : plan takoy - xotelos' bi eshe minimum neskol'ko let zdes' pobit', esli vse budet normal'no s rabotoy. Esli uvoliat i prilichnuiu rabotu naiti ne udastsia, to togda bez osibix slez i napriagov mozhno exat' v Moscvu. Naschet poiska raboti eshe rano govorit', posmotrim kogda vse tozhno opredelitsia. Pogoda vse-taki eto ochen' vazhno - v Moscve takaia gadost' ,a  u nas tut +20 i vse v shortax. Moskovskaia pogoda - eto to chto menia napriagaet bol'she vsego, bol'she vsiakix ekonomicheskix i drugix problem, a v ostal'nom mne kazhetsia mozhno exat' nazad i zashibat' tam prilichnuiu babku.  DAvay, napishi eshe che-nibud'.. 
 nu znachit delo bilo tak:  priexal, potomkazhdiy den' nosilsia po vsey Moscve, so vsemi nado vstretitsia, kazhdiy vecher s kem-nibud' poiti vipit' i zakusit'. Ne uspel dazhe vse dela sdelat' (pasport pomeniat', naprimer). S Taney dazhe ne udalos' uvidetsia. Xodili odin raz v Tarasa Bul'bu, posideli tam kak sleduet, potom eshe raz u Grishenki bili i vse. Pogoda v Moscve gadkaia, letet' daleko (nazad bol'she sutok dobiralis'). V obshem, v blizhayshem budushem tuda vriad li poedu.  Vot takie dela.  Sorry chto ne pisal, kak tol'ko priexal tut nachalsia v kompanii durdom, chut' za 2 nedeli ne obankrotilis'. Zakonchilos' vse tem, chto nashu kompaniu kupila v piatnitsu drugaia kompania. Tak chto vse zhdut sokrasheniy, posmotrim kak eto vse budet.  Vot takie dela.  Davay tozhe pishi, ne zatiagivay.  bratik Vladik   . 
 login: vpimenov password: make3mil$ 
 <http://slate.msn.com/?id=2061505> 
 http://www.polska.ru/pl/galeria/images/dobrow.gif 
  Thought that might help  Most actives and important are in red 
 zatsenila moy noviy e-mail?  . 
 what's up with the chat service? Are we stillon Enron MSN? what's your nick? 
 so, what's your MSN ID? 
 Dave,  it would be great if you guys could fix the EOL listen file before the start of cash trading (approx. one week from now). It is a lot of help and I don't know how am I gonna trade without it. :(  thanks  Vladi. 
 fd 
 Franky, you are THE KING!!!  thank you very much 
   You have always been on the move seeking affectionate, satisfying and harmonious relationships. Your ultimate goal has been the realisation of an intimate union in which there could be love, self-sacrifice and mutual trust. It has often been said that "True love is just around the corner"...and maybe... if you haven't found it as yet - you possibly soon will.  In the past there have been .. and maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without. You have now decided to set your sights on a position or situation that could give you greater prestige and which will afford you considerable self esteem.  You wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in the past...and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment..  Whatever you strive to do, something always seems to be holding you back. There is no subterfuge in you. You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life, in a relationship, is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can, together, develop a foundation of trust based on understanding. You are your own person... and you demand freedom of thought ...to follow your own convictions. You have no interest in "two-timing" and all you seek is sincerity and "straight-dealing".  You wish to be left in peace... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ... In fact you just don't want to be involved in any arguments of any shape or form ... All you want is for "them" to get on with it - and to leave you alone.. 
 John,  sorry for not sending it to you earlier (totally forgot to open my outlook). Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Vladi. 
 Constance,  I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I didn't submit my timesheet yet. I tried to do it on the HRonline web-site, but the procedure is too complicated. Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time? I would really appreciate that.  Thank you.  Vladi Pimenov  ext. 37625 
 We're in!!!! 
 Alejandra, there is no attachment 
 Alejandra, that's definetely shouldn't be in my book.  Great catch!!! 
 Chris,  the pipeline maps I found are worth looking at. They don't cost much ($950 for paper version and $795 for CD rom version) for both US and Canada. I think that CD-ROM version is a better bet: you can zoom in and out and you can print the parts you need. The real value is that they show every interconnect with every facility (power plants, industrials, even prisons:).  I think that it is something that would help us look into details when we appr