 6103 is on the original e-mail from tammy shephard. 
 Jim,  Please provide a quick update.   I was unable to participate in your call today because of a market risk mtg. with UBS.    I will be out Wednesday through Friday so I would like to hear directly from you what FERC's state of mind was. 
 This is Mirant's argument.   Don't think it will hold water, but you never know. 
 We don't need a floor talk.  I asked Tom to set up a meeting in 30C1 with origination, mid-marketing, and services.   This is not going to be a floor talk. 
 I would like to be able to select days, months, years, etc. for historical liquidation.   Somehow, we need to make the cubes or Metastock more user friendly so the traders will actually use them.  I have tried to use the cubes and, although the data is extremely powerful, scrolling through all the years and months is quite cumbersome and drilling down is a pain.  Can we somehow improve the user friendliness of these tools.  Thanks. 
 Find out if owners of current season tickets get grandfathered for equivalent seats in the new arena.   If so, I would be interested.   If not, I would say no. 
 I like our traditional measurment better.   This is good data, but is more relevant for cash traders than term traders. 
 I have received 
 Yes, authorized.  Thanks. 
 I am not approving any new Kobra applications. 
 This is a test.   Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 This is the retail book, not the wholesale book.   You can get confirmation on this issue from Bill Bradford or Elizabeth Sager. 
 thanks for the heads up. 
 Could you please create an org chart by function (retained employees) and org chart by function (severed employees) so we can reconcile to make sure we have not missed anyone.  Once we have done this, we can create a seating plan that is optimal.   Please e-mail me the org. charts so I have an electronic version.  Thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Please kill this request.   I get 4 everyday. 
 Thanks.   That will work fine with me. 
 The only issue I have is everytime I login I have some Windows Installer program I have to kill and it takes me an extra 2-3 minutes to keep closing files before I can get into my desktop.  I don't know what caused this, but I am assuming some file you installed is still trying to run.   In addition, the dial-up through Citrix is very very slow.   Is this normal?  Any thoughts?  Thanks for all your work - the printer works just fine 
 Your thoughts on this guy? 
 Please stop sending me this report. 
 OK - Tim did say he blew up trading options in the West.   Played the "premium is profit" game selling summer calls at Palo Verde and we all know what happened.   Bye Bye Ricky. 
 My Holdings page is still not netting.   I just purchased 5000 DYN shares - please make sure the netting works.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Get him in the door.  Work with Kim Melodick in HR to make it happen. 
 Looks fine.   You need to start learning.   Work with Kim. 
 I think I can get Jeff King done with a simple title change from Associate Director to Director with no salary change.   His current salary is already Director level type comp.   I potentially may need another 25k, but the title is a "feel good" issue that is important to Jeff.   Please talk to Doug directly on the justification. 
 See request below. 
 It's the trader's option.  Most will probably not attend. 
 The time is right in the middle of trading on an AGA day.   Therefore, it is unlikely that anyone managing a stack will be able to attend.   I would suggest having Tom May and/or Lloyd attend. 
 Agreed.  As far as I'm concerned, we are arbing the market. 
 No.   We buy and sell where we see value.   We don't even look at the other exchanges. 
 I would like to recommend to following allocations of retention $'s - THIS CREATES NO NET IMPACT ON TOTAL $'S ON THE SPREADSHEET  Gain 575 cash 450 equity (Rogers Herndon, John Forney, Joe Wagner, Tom May)  Re-allocate in the following manner: Cash		Equity Arora		+75k		+75k Gilb-Smith	+25k		+25k King		+25k		+25k Gupta		+25k		+25k Misra		+75k		+75k Suarez		+50k		+50k Carson		+25k		+25k Imai		+25k		+25k Steffes		+50k		+50k (we will lose key reg people if we don't pay) Nicolay		+50k		+50k ("                            "                            ") Novosel		+25k		+25k ("                            "                            ")    Please call with any questions.   I feel very good about keeping nearly all of these people at the levels above and we could lose some key ones if we don't do this. Again, I am not spending any additional $'s - I am simply taking from other people who will not be part of UBS.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I would treat it as business as usual.   If we are still having Associate/Analyst Super Saturday, we certainly can attend an energy panel discussion. 
 Can I get a deal like that for my house.   Wow!  I'll be here until about 2:30 today. 
 Wednesday is the worst day due to AGA.   We normally trade until 4:00 pm on AGA days.   Therefore, I would suggest Tuesday or Thursday. 
 Please have Mark call me at work today.   My phone # is 713-853-5035. 
 Thank you.   Is the black cover going to be removed so other employees know the spot is reserved? 
 We have a meeting with Evans Automation next Saturday 11/10 at 10:30 am (near Kemah).   Please mark the calender.  Thanks. 
 Posoli Work Phone:  713-830-8663 
 Very efficient CC gas units in Entergy and ERCOT are setting price.  Midwest and Plains has gas setting price 4-6 hours per day and coal the remaining 10 hours.   The NE markets (NY and NEPOOL) are the only markets with 10,000 HR gas units setting price across the entire peak.  Keep in mind that current temps are truly "no load" temps for East power (no heating or cooling demand).   The addition of new combined cycle units in our market have been destructive to forward heat rates.  Later. 
 I'm fine with it.   They will only see through Cal 03 though. 
 Please set up a time with my asst. to discuss job opportunities in East Power.   Bring a hard copy of your resume. 
 I view the sharing of the fundies databases and associated web sites (gas and power) with the Estate as a serious commercial issue that we should not ignore.   The estate can not only use the proprietary information as a competitor in the trading business, but they could potentially sell the data to multiple competitors.  I can't imagine that this data was agreed to be shared by UBS and the Estate.   I am not planning on giving any of the data to the Estate.   I feel very strongly about this issue and the rest of the commercial organization does as well.   One of the keys to maintaining a competitive edge in this business is our huge headstart in this area.   Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Make sure we are crystal clear on being able to fill this position physically at any VEPCO interface (hourly or day-ahead), and the PJM/VEPCO PJM LMP index is for pricing only. 
 The LD should be the hourly index. 
 The LD calc should be the hourly index and we need to eliminate the Peak Day designation damages. 
 Dana is interested in talking to JT about a scheduling and/or hourly job. 
 I will buy 5x16 unit contingent power $3.50/Mwh below my curve for 02 only for into JEA delivery.   I will buy firm LD at my mid for into JEA delivery 
 My preference is normal energy only LD language.  If we agree to use an index pricing point (like PJM/VEPCO interface), then a fair trade-off is to eliminate the capacity ratchet. 
 No interest. 
 Please e-mail me the latest East Power Org Chart (including services and Genco).  Thanks. 
 We plan to be done trading at 1:00 pm on Friday. 
 Thanks Joe.  It was a pleasure having you as part of the team.   I respect you as a person and a professional and I wish you nothing but the best in your future career.   Please stay in touch with the team.  Good luck Joe. 
 The UBSW Energy on-line products should be limited to the locations below through 2003 only.   Off-Peak markets will be only in NY, PJM, NEPOOL, and ERCOT.  NEPOOL PTF NY Zone J (FP and Basis) NY Zone G NY Zone A Ontario (FP and Basis) PJM East Hub (FP and Basis) PJM West Hub PJM West (Basis) Cinergy Com-Ed (FP and Basis) TVA (FP and Basis) Entergy (FP and Basis) SOCO ERCOT South (FP) ERCOT North (Basis)  Casey - Please see above the markets that will be Fixed Price (1-30 day market) and Basis/Spread (forwards).  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I apologize for my earlier comments.   Everyone is having a rough time with the current meltdown of the company.   I have been here 7 years and I am seeing everything I worked for coming to an end.  It's not your fault and I do apologize. 
 Agreed. 
 I sold 5,000 MMBtu/day of Cal 04 NYMEX at 3.79/MMBtu. 
 The hourly index is a must for me (the day-ahead index is unhedgable for us and we would give them free money for the next 10 years).   It is important to understand that under the new proposed structure, VEPCO will call on this energy many more days than they do now and it is very important that we create an index that we can hedge. I will not due this deal based on a day-ahead index - it must be hourly at the interface we defined.  Please clarify your call option vs. firm delivery comment. 
 We will not be trading on Thanksgiving.   However, we will have a skeleton crew in here on Friday.   I proposed calcing P&L on Wednesday and not on Friday. 
 Please place on my calender. 
 What do you mean only the left side. 
 What a piece of shit this whole BTU market is.   Your mid-offer spreads look very reasonable to me. 
 Yes. 
 Fine. 
 King, Carson, Suarez, Gupta, Broderick, Schiavone, Misra, Wang, and Ballato also need to be able to trade gas (or there equivalent trading books need to be able to trade gas if the above names change). 
 Agreed.   I think Bradford already blew up the Constellation deal. 
 Thanks.   Sounds like you are having a blast.   See ya on Sunday.   How about them Canes. 
 sold 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 05 nymex at $3.695/mmbtu. sold 5,000 mmbtu/day of cal 04 nymex at $3.58/mmbtu. 
 The old lady says no.   So far, there is 5 power guys that will play if the game is on. 
 No interest in pursuing this business. 
 Any value in this? 
 I'm supposed to be in Disneyworld with the family for my first vacation in two years.   Sorry, but I can't swing it. 
 I usually do, but she's been holding out. 
 Please put Allan Stewart Contact information (get from Rogers) in My Outlook contacts - home, cell, work, address, etc. and put a reminder on my calender to call him to re-establish contract relationship.  Also, please put a reminder to call Fred Giffels regarding consulting agreement and FPL. 
 I'll defer to you and Lloyd on this one. 
 Please attend. 
 Have HGP attend. 
 No. 
 I talked to Giffels today and he mentioned that SONGS units are under serious security scrutiny given its location.   He gave us a 50/50 probability that Indian Pt 1&2 (30 minutes north of NY City) and Pilgrim (15 minutes north of Boston) would be shut down in the near term for security reasons.  He mentioned that SONGS was also a candidate.   I personally don't think the probability is that high, nonetheless, the rumors seem to be in the market. 
 Please attend meetings 1 and 3 and provide meeting summaries directly to Rika for internal distribution.  Thanks. 
 I will be out Wednesday through Friday on vacation.   Please have Dana Davis, Fletch Sturm, Rob Benson, Andy Zipper, and Doug Gilbert-Smith represent East Power in my absense.  Thanks. 
 Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.   I would like to start the database clean with only the key hubs listed:  NEPOOL PTF NY Zone J NY Zone G NY Zone A Ontario PJM East Hub PJM West Hub PJM West Cinergy Com-Ed TVA Entergy SOCO ERCOT South (FP) ERCOT North (Basis)  Let's use this opportunity to clean up Enpower and start with a truly clean set of books. Team - Am I missing anthing?  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Your summary is accurate.   I appreciate you and Fred coming to Houston for the de-briefing and we look forward to extending our exclusive relationship.  Thanks. 
 Please handle.  Thanks. 
 Please attend. 
 Enjoy your holiday.   Hopefully, we will be up and running by the New Year. 
 I'll get back with you on this within a couple of days.   Do you want an indicative bid for 7x24 bus-bar energy (2, 5 and 10 years).   We would not bid on the entire 1000 MW - maybe 150-200 MW.  thanks for the info.  Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Any nuclear specific info?   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
  This is crazy.   We should not be giving the fundy web data to the estate. 
 NEPOOL info from Giffels.   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Update from Giffels.   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Yes.   Kevin Presto UBS Warburg Energy kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com Phone:  713-853-5035 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 None of the meetings 
 I run the power group.   Your question should be directed to Lavo. 
 I have done multiple trades today and I also did several last week.   Please clean up my Holdings page to net longs and shorts.   How is your office reacting to the news about UBS acquiring our energy trading operation?  thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Does Nat's organization look OK.   Looks OK to me. 
 I just sent you the promotion justifications.   After further thought, Maria Valdez should be promoted to CS Manager, not Commercial manager.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 See changes attached with one subtraction (Joe Step) and one addition (Doug Gilbert-Smith). 
 The ESCA energy management system (EMS) in an industry standard software package to provide control area services and energy accounting in compliance with NERC standards.   We used the software and hardware for remotely controlling/operating/dispatching our peaker plants and also used the software in 3rd party "outsourcing/services" deals in ERCOT and SPP.  I hope this helps. 
 calender 
 Calender. 
 Is this the office I selected?    Please confirm. 
 Don't worry christi - I recognize what a great job your group did this year.   It was by far the best regulatory effort (from a power perspective) with more results than any of the previous 7 years I was at Enron.   You and your team deserve a great deal of credit and if we can keep this team together, we will reap the benefits for years to come. 
 Can I hire Martin Lin back into Netco from the estate.   He has provided va= luable transmission & dispatch modeling expertise to our fundies group (he = worked for Vince in Research).   We have lost Anna Santucci to CMS and this= would not change our headcount in the fundies group.  Additionally, if I was forced to cut additional bodies, most of the cuts wo= uld likely come from real-time (3), options (2), regional trading (2), logi= stics (1-2).  For Martin's planning purposes, I need to know something ASAP.   Thanks. 
 Joe Holmes from IdaCorp (208-318-2100) called and expressed interest in Enron's services deals in the NA, presumably in the West.  Don - can you have someone follow-up.   thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 OK. 
 Yes, that would be fine.   I would also like to talk about my fixed annual fee.   Based on the way I trade, and the amount of asset accumulaton, I think my fee is too high.   Please call me about this issue so we can discuss. 
 Thanks. 
 Please begin scrubbing the 02 and 03 new gen book again given the current situation in the energy market.   I would like a new forecast in 30 days if possible.  In addition, I would like begin running the unit commitment model (dispatch) and "knock" the cob webs off everyone.   Let's plan on having a meeting to go over what the new daily reports were going to look like - wasn't Gus working on this?  What is the status of the transmission modeling?  Can we integrate the system dispatch and LMP simulation models?   Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Please cancel out the short and long KM position in the Holdings section.  thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Thanks Chris.   I agree with the approach.   It would be nice to handout a bound copy to all of the East and West trading/marketing desk heads for a thorough review to make sure we have not missed anything.  See you tommorow. 
 Do you want me to put docs in front of Harry, Rogers, and/or Doug?  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Can we update the laminated card with the most recent headcount and phone #'s.? 
 Same as Chris. 
 I concur with Jim on approach with one clarification.   Transmission providers discussions should include both a trading rep and marketing rep. 
 shapiro is a lazier version of Steffes. 
 Christi Nicolay and Sarah Novosel are the two best regulatory people.   In terms of pushing the timing, political clout is going to be more important which in the past would have come from Kean and Lay.   Obviously, that will not work anymore.   I have a good relationship with Larcamp (FERC head of Staff) and might be able to help with the politics.   I think FERC is going to want to hear directly from  the new owner.   If we want speed, I recommend we use the expertise of Christi and Sarah combined with the overall political clout of the new owner.  You are not off base with Steffes at all. 
 Please print and save file for me. 
 Please save and print for me. 
 Whoever has the latest aggregated Implementation Template, please forward copy (copies) to TJ so I can review the consolidated lists for:  Regulatory Trading Agreements Transmission Service Agreements EOL Products  TJ - Please follow-up to make sure I get the latest version.   Thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I want to make sure we get the hardware and software (I agree that this is = already the property of ENA) into Netco like we have the rest of the softwa= re/hardware critical to the trading organization.   The payable is sunk and= should be left with the estate. 
 All East Traders will have East only trading rights except for me.    With respect to regions, assume the same organization as we ended with in early November.   The one change is Rogers in the SE along with Suarez, and Carson.  MW - Fletch, Russell, and Jason SE - Rogers, Suarez, Carson ERCOT - Doug, King, Schiavone, Saibi NE - Dana, Benson, Gupta, Broderick, Thomas (off-peak), Misra, Rogers, Makkai, Step, Schneider Options - Arora, Stalford, Wang, Gualy Real-Time - Forney (ERCOT), Baughman (MW/SE), Miguel (MW/SE)  Remember, all of the desk heads will have gas trading authority as well.   None of the prompt month cash traders will be trading gas. 
 kmpresto@hotmail.com 
 Do you already have this list.   Please send all templates to Chris Calger, Elizabeth Sager, and Mitch Robinson.  thanks. 
 Please incorporate Dana's changes into the Master. 
 Yes. 
 Please print a copy of each for me. 
 Attached are Dana's additions. 
 Maybe.   If we truly believe this is a credit starved industry with huge liquidity problems, then we should be able to dictate the terms for dealing with a AA entity........ end of story.  We should send this message early and often.   If we don't, the market will percieve that negotiating "one-off" terms for trading docs is acceptable.   I disagree with this approach from a long term philosophical standpoint.   We either believe our bullshit or we don't. 
 Please get final version to Tammie by COB tommorow.  thanks. 
 Please send this attachment to the same list I just provided.  thanks. 
 FYI - trumped already. 
 Attached is the spreadsheet version of the template we discussed this morning.   I have added the additional columns everyone requested.   I would now like the business unit leads to fill in the blanks such that we have an initial Power Implementation Plan that can be delivered to Louise on Friday.  With respect to East Power (I am out Thursday and Friday), I am delegating to all of my desk heads the responsibility the following: 1) Have all of the forms attached spreadsheet forms complete 2) A product offering sheet is added to the template.  Fletch & Dana - Please take the lead on creating the product offering list (physical and financial).  My recommendation is we put products out through 03 for all regions (financial and physical).   Obviously, the physical products will be contingent on receiving a power marketing license.  Cory and Don Baughman - Please take a crack at identifying all of the transmission service agreements we need for the East (Christi has started a list already).  Please call me on my cell (713-856-3923) with any questions.   Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Andy can trade all regions and all commodities (just like a desk head).    He is replacing Harry. 
 FYI. 
 Please put on my calender and remind everyone on Wednesday.  Thanks. 
 The same attachment was sent again in case you had trouble opening the previous file.   I am sending from home via the network and have been having some problems.   Sorry to e-mail you to death. 
 The attached document should complement the documents sent earlier by Chris Calger.   Hopefully, the combination of the two will provide some organization and focus at our 9:30 am meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the "NETCO" Start-up initiatives. 
 Please keep Rogers contact info for his vacation.  Thanks. 
 I believe Wabash has also terminated.  Don, As you know, we had a meeting like this the week prior to Christmas and had an accurate list at that time.   Our group can do nothing about delays between actual termination notification by the counterparty and communication to trading that termination has occurred.   I think the meeting is warranted, however, we are not going to completely eliminate the timing issues.  I will see you on Wednesday at 2:00 pm. 
 See note below.   Upon confirmation from Portz, please remove Wabash from the non-termination counterparty list. 
 Did you submit my expenses from the CT trip? 
 Obviously, we will not deliver (or receive if we are long) if the transaction would result in negative cash flow for the estate on a "net counterparty" basis.   Therefore, FE and TXU obligations would not be met for the 1st week of January because they result in negative cash flow.  Cory, Please make sure going forward that we only include positive cash flow counterparties in the weekly projections.   Please exclude the TXU and FE positions from  the net position report as well.   We will likely begin filling the non-pool positions starting next Wednesday.  Jason - Please send to Cory (I was unable to from home) 
 Don,  This looks good.   You have my blessing to proceed with approval from the cash committee.   You can reach me at home (713-856-7483) if you have any additional questions.  Thanks. 
 175k/yr.   Wow - you get em. 
 Wisconsin's offer is a joke.  Carl - This is is clearly a two-way termination or they would have no offer at all (I'm assuming you understand the difference).   We can buy Cal-02 Com-Ed under $30/Mwh all day long.   This is a position we will deliver on to preserve the in-the money value.   I would make it clear to Wisconsin that we intend on delivering in January and every single month thereafter because it creates positive cash flow for the estate.   We also have broker quotes that show the market is 28 at 29 for Cal 02.   I would accept nothing less  than $1.2 million.  Thanks. 
 Olgethorpe has officially terminated as of Dec. 20, 2001.   Please see attached. 
 Please send me a summary.  Thanks. 
 I cancelled this over 4 months ago.   Someone might have assumed by terminal. 
 You are very welcome.   You have been a fantastic asst for me and could not have achieved what we have as a group without you.  Thanks again for all of your hard work and have a Very Happy Holidays! 
 We are not to discuss credit issues with any counterparties. 
 Did this meeting get confirmed? 
 See you Monday. 
 We need to do what the contract says.   No one knows what the real intent was. 
 I would not pay alot for this given the transmission issue.   The best place for park and lend is JEA. 
 I would have interest if you package together 50-100 MW of these small units to create a more liquid block of power. 
 Jeff Shorter (your counterpart at TXU) just called me to inform me they will not be trading with Enron until further notice.   They are evalutating their net exposure with us, including London.  His number is 214-875-9632. 
 Just Morgan Stanley requiring tighter credit terms so far. 
 As of 11:15 am, East Power has sold approx. 600-700 gas contracts and bought approx. 3 million Mwh's. 
 We can't make a daily capacity market in the current environment. 
 No need to copy trading.  Thanks. 
 Please proceed with Stacey on taking the prudency you are comfortable with.   Stacey will have to get approval from Louise and/or Lavo.  Thanks. 
 I won't be in until about 9:30 because I have to get my drug  test done. 
 Let's go tonight.  I have a staff mtg. at 4:00 pm and we can go after that.  Does this work for you? 
 Probably Wayne Herndon.   We need to lock him down ASAP.   You and I need to have a beer this week to discuss ENE in general and what you want to do next. 
 Are we making sure everything is done on our end to liquidate and manage the EES retail positions effective 1/1/02. 
 I agree with this approach and I'm fine with this allocation.   My objective is to get everything as accurate as possible so the proper price signal is being sent to retail and wholesale origination.   I caught the scalar issue when we were looking at 4 hour tolls vs. 8 hour tolls vs. 16 hour and I could tell there was a disconnect.  thanks. 
 I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.  Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right. 
 Do you know this guy? 
 We have some serious issues.   Downgrade, collateral called, liquidity crisis, issue more equity.   I can see $12 pretty easy.  I think both Lay and Fastow are gone. 
 No problem.   The only problem right now is ENE's stock price.   Wow - you get em. 
 Probably Andy Fastow.   His personal hurdle rate is 29% 
 I want to make sure the info is protected and if legal and regulatory are comfortable, then I am. 
 The whole group.    Please type the short agenda I have prepared.  Thanks. 
 I will show him a 50 MW block. 
 The meeting has been moved to tommorow at 11:00 am.   We can discuss these = issues before the meeting. 
 Garret Tripp would be better able to answer your questions for the Canada nuclear facilities.   With respect to forward hedging in the US, we have never seen British Energy hedge anything.   I believe they have transition contracts with the utilities they purchased the plants from. 
 My phone interviews are complete.  Please send someone to pick up my forms. 
 I am interested in firm LD fixed price energy delivered at the Gannon bus-bar.   I have no appetite for unit contingent in the current market.   TECO has an entire system they can lean on.  I would consider bringing the gas, but you would have to involve Scott Neal's desk for transport and valuation becomes complicated.   With respect to volume, I would not want any more than 100 MW.  My strong preference is fixed price energy - no toll.   Volatility is getting smashed and it doesn't make sense to pay for vol in a spread option.  We are a much better bid for 5x16 or 7x24 energy. 
 They have over 2500 MW at Wansley over 2 coal plants and 4 gas turbines (in CC).   They can offer LD at this location 
 I told TJ the phone interview needs to be in the afternoon.   No way will 11:45 work.   We need a  4 or 5:00 pm phone interview, preferably tommorow.  Can you please coordinate with TJ.  58 SOCO trades yesterday.   5 already this morning. 
 Thank you very much for the nice gift (and, of course, the $1).   I appreciate you girls putting up with me and doing a great job for the whole floor.  Thanks again. 
 Ader has managed to get cross-wise with another good employee.  =20  Ader's "supply group" has essentially stolen Roger's approved ERCOT LSE acc= ounts.   Rogers needs these LSE accounts to serve load in ERCOT and now he = has none.   This is BS and should not be tolerated. 
 Looks fine. 
 I received zero. 
 Please arrange a room for an East Power Mtg at 10:00 am this morning.  Agenda:  UBS Warburg Energy Closing/Implementation Organization/Roles On-line products (which products and when) Power documents (EEI and ISDA) 
 PM call with the whole group, including Suarez.   Can you find a date that works for everyone. 
 Can you please set up a meeting and we can discuss. 
 I don't understand this e-mail. 
 Rika and Lloyd.  This is work in progress with a realistic completion date of May 2002. 
 Why can't we use AEP's position against them in their own backyard (Ohio). = AEP's position is that you can't have effective retail markets without re= al-time energy markets (which I agree with), yet there is no real-time ener= gy market with ancillary clearing prices in AEP's service territory in Ohio= .  Can we use their own testimony against them? 
 We need an immediate legal review to see what are on-going $ risks are in E= RCOT.   The deficiency of $6500 is no big deal when they allocate to all of= the QSE's on a pro-rata basis, however what if the deficiency is $100 mill= ion and we our pro-rata share is $3 million?  Do we have any legal recourse?   Do they suspend the deficient QSE immediat= ely? 
 I'll pay the extra $'s.   I would like No. 480 in the new garage. 
 TJ has my calender.   Just about any afternoon will work with this group. 
 We'll go after him. 
 I give bankruptcy 50/50. 
 Can he come over to our trading floor around 11:00 am?   I can give him a quick tour and then give him a macro overview of the NA energy markets.   Please confirm via e-mail and directly with my asst. (TJ Black at 713-853-5800).  Thanks. 
 Resume looks impressive.   We should definitely interview him.   I forwarded e-mail to Louise to see if she knows the guy from her London gas trading days. 
 Do you know this gentleman.   Suarez is high on him. 
 I would support this 100%.   It is consistent with the direction that Whalley, Lavo, and Delainey are headed with the retail risk management group. 
 What other offer? 
 Outstanding.   As usual, you are the king. 
 From East Power's perspective, the East PJM development site is the only site/turbine of interest and we should pursue pending transmission analysis to ensure the site is within the congested area of East PJM. 
 Thanks. 
 I'm $2  bid for this spread in Cal 02. 
 Please participate and give group overview.  Thanks. 
 No. 
 Please print and put in binder for me.   Please combine the document from yesterday in the same binder so I can read the whole package while I'm on vacation.  Thanks. 
 He's making his rounds.   I believe he is talking with Corp Risk and Reck.   I get the impression he doen't want to be anywhere near an energy commodity that has a relationship with power (which, of course, is all of them) 
 OK. 
 Florida might be a better location than New Jersey.   Can you say sunshine? 
 What time works for you guys? 
 I need to leave at 3:30 today to go to my stepson's football game.   Unfortunately, I have a 2:00 and 3:00 meeting already.   Is this just a general catch-up discussion? 
 Please follow-up with this gentleman.   Never know. 
 Are all of these units in our database? 
 Notice on the tags when we go hourly could be 30 minutes or less.   Additionally, if we use them as sink when we go hourly, they will have to be part of the day-ahead tag.   If these issues are not crystal clear with them, I have no interest in even showing an offer. 
 We don't need gas at this point, but we should be planning to add this. 
 I believe he has signed.   Confirm with Dana Davis. 
 We need the hourly option to allow for non-GTC sources, but we will deliver into-GTC border hourly. 
 Good luck. 
 I would like ASAP (by new building) a huge wall map with the logical RTO boundaries that has all of the large generators and substations (nodes in LMP) and LSE's territory color coded.  This will become the tour location with a description of the regional markets and the energy hubs within those super regions.   It will also help our traders get accustomed to electrically significant areas whether than NERC regions. 
 I did not realize we were going to reserve on spreads which create zero net position and almost zero credit risk.   The new forward correlations are 90+% per the var model and it looks like your credit model is still using the old correlations. 
 He is a definite hire.   I thought I communicated that last week. 
 Please put on my calender. 
 Will he let us go hourly at least 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly.   This essentially would require they provide parking and lending for up 20 MW in the Cal and 40 MW in the June-Sept.   Can we at least get a 50 MW block in the June-Sept period? 
 There should be no credit on a TVA/Cin spread.   The correlation between the 2 markets is 95% plus. 
 Ask him if Scherer 1,2,3 and/or 4 would work?   Let him know that an odd lot would command a $2.50-3.00/Mwh premium on top   In addition, even if we used Scherer, it would be from any one of the facilities therefore the transmission would need to be able to use any of the Scherer units as a source. 
 Do we have 4 or 8? 
 Go ahead and cancel. 
 roundtable meeting. 
 Let's sit down and talk.   I think we should fill from within our current desk.   I have some ideas. 
 Please make the following revisions to the peak and off-peak position reports:  Remove ERCOT wind position completely from the report (PPA has been terminated) Add ERCOT north zone positions Add ERCOT south zone positions Show separate positions for FL/GA border and FPL/FRCC Add PJM-East positions (show separate from PJM-West) Off-Peak position still shows SERC-FL (this location no longer exists) - Florida positions are either FL/GA or FPL/FRCC.  Thanks. 
 TJ,  Please provide me with the latest hard copy so I can have one final meeting with my direct reports to get final confirmation for East Power seating.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the info Heather.   In terms of forward curve, Entergy is the worst place to be long assets right now.   The equipment is probably of more interest as it relates to a packaged development for the Midway project in Florida. 
 We are already completely full.   In fact, we are already 2 seats short for my own group. 
 Sounds like he might fit in the LMP/transmission/congestion management group.   As I mentioned, we are attempting to create an Eastern Interconnect LMP model to model congestion in every region.   This will lead to the creation of hubs and basis markets.  Ravi might be a good fit for this group. 
 This has not been booked.   I was told Q4.   What is this? 
 I don't like the 2nd bullet - not positive enough.   We are the dominant player in the power market.  With respect to volumes for term trades, the risk group will have to provide that to you.   I can tell you that the volumes have increased in the term market by a significant factor (at least 10 times relative to last year). 
 As a follow-up to our meeting on Saturday, I talked with the designer of my house (Todd Rice with Rice Residential Design) and the electrical plan is not on a CAD system.   The electrical plan was hand drawn.  If you need a copy of the plan, my preference is that you deal directly with Todd and his staff as I am very busy during the week.  Todd Rice Rice Residential Design 11111 Katy Freeway Houston, TX  77079 713-984-8604 
 Go ahead and run with it. 
 Lakes on Eldridge subdivision:  5410 Morning Breeze Houston, TX  77041 
 We'll see. 
 I have a conflict on my calender.   I can meet at 3:00 only on Thursday and will be out on Friday. 
 I told TJ to coordinate with you.   5:00 pm is fine tommorow.   Please confirm with TJ. 
 Please coordinate with Kay to set up a time that works for both of us.   5:00 pm tomorrow is good. 
 Sold 150 contracts per month of Feb-Mar 02 at 2.81  Sold 50 contracts per month of Nov-Dec 02 at 3.24.  Bought Cal 06 at 3.60. 
 I am having Lloyd Will review. 
 Do these look reasonable.   What are the costs charged to fundies?   The allocations are confusing to me. 
 Late afternoon.   Have Fletch and myself interview.   He has already been in here for one interview. 
 John,  What about Eric Benke?   Did you review his resume? 
 I received your voice mail and I'm OK with electronic signatures.   However, for the 1st 60 days, I still want to review.  thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Your thoughts on this guy for SE cash and/or term spread trader? 
 Ok. 
 Please provide my asst. (TJ Black @ 3-5800) with meeting time and location. 
 You can count me in.   We can have 3 hours of EES bashing.  Thanks. 
 I will attend only if the whole group is represented (gas, oil, west power, and east power).   Once we have confirmation for all relevant parties, please let me know. 
 You are right.   They are on crack.   This would be at least $3.50/Mwh over Cin.   They have gas deliverability issues in the winter and there alternative fuel is No. 2 oil.   Therefore, CPL East is a big premium Nov-Mar.   The bid/offer for this location is large due to transmission risk. 
 I have been getting lots of requests from our friends.   I'm just giving you a heads up.   I have no problem with the URM group, unless, of course, they become part of EES. 
 Please send an e-mail to "Experience Enron" and let them know the tours need to be conducted as far away from the trading floor as possible and limited to no longer than 5 minutes.   I don't want any of our screens visible to the customers, not matter who they are.  Thanks. 
 Please follow-up with this guy.   Looks like a retail load aggregator looking for wholesale supply. 
 How many days do I have left? 
 Lloyd - Don't worry about the formatting.   After playing around some more, I have a new way that works fine for me.    The main issue is keeping the database live with all of the historical information.    We can figure out how to format.  thanks. 
 No interest. 
 Please grant full access to Dale Furrow in retail risk management.   Dale is a VP under contract and is a key member of the retail risk management staff.  With respect to the URM employees under Dale, please grant them the more limited access.  With respect to the EES employees (Ozzie, Beth, Greg Woulfe), I do not want any access granted at all. 
 I am getting more like you every day.   Given what's going on in EES right now, I don't trust anyone.   Therefore, I am going to allow access to the portal to only EWS employees that you are comfortable with.   Obviously, this includes Dale.   With respect to the rest of the EES group, I am not going to grant access until the entire organization is doing the right thing for Enron's shareholders. 
 Excellent update Mike.   We have good momentum with some key "players" on the ropes.   I view the next two months as critical in moving the Midwest to one functional market. 
 I bought 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 04 NYMEX NG at 3.315 and 3.32 from Arnold this afternoon. 
 Full access of the complete portal should be limited to core contract employees only.   We have a scaled down version that we have made available to the marketing group. 
 Make sure Rogers is at this meeting. 
 We are losing lots of deals in ERCOT on price.  This is part of the reason they are being so aggressive with customers and alternative suppliers.   I have received this feedback directly from Rogers and Janet. 
 Looks like Ader & Co. at work in ERCOT.   I view this as a big problem.   These customers need to be covered by wholesale.   Both of you should take this as a slap in the face. 
 I talked to him this morning and feels comfortable with his marks.   He is long, so he better.   Like I told you yesterday, I wouldn't hesitate to to be more aggressive on the front in ERCOT, particularly in the North where Doug is long.  I'll keep you posted. 
 These are not good fills.   When I gave the order DIS was trading at 21.87 (21.86 at 21.88).   I can understand 2-3 cents but not 9 cents. 
 FYI. 
 The loss is part of the $1.45 million.  The loss occurred due to generator repairs. 
 Calender 
 My management book is going to take this $1.45 million hit 
 Thanks for the info Mike.   Our real-time market is a complete piece everywhere ($10-18/Mwh).   Generators are beginning to puke MW again. 
 Could you please make sure this is on my calender and ensure that Jeff Keenan and Dave Duran are also aware of this meeting.  Thanks. 
 They are pursuing because I requested to pursue.   The reason for the e-mail is to place management emphasis on this opportunity. 
 As most of you know, NRG's proposed purchase of two coal plants in Conneticut (UI's territory) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at FERC.   The purchase and sale transaction between Wisvest and NRG was originally entered into almost two years ago.   The proposed purchase price of $350 million for 1000 MW of coal was a "bargain price" at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of CT.  Over the past 2-3 years, the State of Conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and Wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they "puked" the plants to NRG for $350/kW in early 2000.   At a minimum, it is expected that $100-150/kW of SCR and/or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the CT regulatory bodies.  My strong view is that, as a practical matter, the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in CT.   The area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire Eastern Interconnect.   The load pocket is significantly short MW and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area.   In a true "locational marginal price" environment, the prices would likely be similar to Zone J in New York   Currently, pricing in NEPOOL is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads, regardless of who causes the congestion.  In the recently proposed "single NE RTO" model, it is about 80% certain that the PJM "locational marginal price" market model will be implemented sometime between mid-2003 and mid-2004.   At that point in time, consumers in the congested areas of NEPOOL (in-city Boston and CT) will be exposed to higher energy prices, while consumers in Maine, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island should see lower prices.  Given the facts above, coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets, I think EWS should pursue discussions with Wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in NEPOOL and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset "node".  If we could buy these plants for approx $250/kW with $150/kW of environmental upgrades, the resulting "all-in" (depr, fixed & variable O&M, fuel costs, NOx, SO2, capital reserve, interest) 7x24 plant cost would be approx. $34-36/Mwh.    This is lower than our energy only socialized NEPOOL curve.   Additional upside is derived from positive basis, ICAP, ancillary services, emissions allowances, and long term requirements sales to LSE's.  Lavo and Louise - This could be the "Alberta PPA" for 2002.   Lots of "hair" but lots of upside.  Any thoughts? 
 How exactly are we exposed? 
 Rika,  Please provide an analyst to support this effort.   This information will benefit both EWS and EES as we move toward combining the genco/control area/unit dispatch function in the new building.   You may want to request additional support from Jim Meyn's group, as this will ultimately effect structuring valuation. 
 What do you need from me?   Do you want me to meet with him?  talk to him on the phone?   go to lunch?    is he looking for a job?    As you can see, I don't have much information of the objective here. 
 Let's go ahead and release. 
 No, my understanding was we were going to give them curve access.   I never agreed to give them the fundies data. 
 You have the right Kevin Presto.   I have been employed at Enron now for almost 7 years.   I currently oversee the company's power trading and marketing business in the Eastern US.    Unfortunately, I spend entirely too much time at work, but I love the job and Enron's culture in general.  How are you doing?   I have not seen any of my Tri-City classmates in many years.   I think the last time I saw you was at Mark Bayless' wedding (85-86?) if my memory is correct.  Where is your job located and what work have you done with Enron? 
 Canes play Penn State at College Station and the natty market made a new low today.  Give me a call this weekend.   I'm taking the fellas out for drinks this afternoon. 
 Let's try to get 8 playoff tickets for the desk. 
 Please print and save for our Lake McQueeney trip.   We should plan a mid-September trip to New Braunfels. 
 Check to see if King or Herndon know him from their days at Dynegy. 
 I am not going to make an into-GTC market.   I'm going to make an on the GTC market which is significantly different.   I do not want to educate the market on the difference. 
 How is Brian Butler a "5" if all you have received is positive feedback? 
 Thanks. 
 Can you figure out a way to get my new card without be being there. 
 What about DIS 
 With respect to Narsima, I agree with Rogers.  With respect to Steve Wang and Guatum Gupta, please work directly with Harry and Dana.   I am continuing to push responsibility down to the desk heads and that includes personnel issues.  Thanks. 
 I am interested in lakefront property on Lake Travis which is within 3 hour drive of Houston.   Given the technology sector meltdown, I am looking to "bottom fish" for lakefront property that provides great long term real estate value.  Please feel free to e-mail me with "value" opportunities that come up.   I did not find your CD-ROM user friendly and I prefer e-mails with attached property listings that meet my requirements.   I am looking to spend 200-250k for lakefront property that has previously sold in the 275-325k range.  thanks. 
 Rogers,  Are we are discussing the Phoenix project at this Wednesday's meeting?   Is Terry going to be there? 
 Sounds like you are as busy as I am.   Yes, my parents still live in the same house in Kennewick.   My Dad retired from teaching in WA (collecting WA retirement) and has been teaching in Hermiston, OR for the last 7 years.  Just to clarify, Enron's international business model and North American business model are quite different.   I work in the Enron North American business unit which has been extremely profitable and has pioneered the deregulation of the natural gas and electricity markets in the US.   Enron NA's focus has been on creating efficient wholesale markets in gas, power, crude, pulp & paper, metals, etc and then providing the market with a logistical delivery and price risk management intermediation function.   We are very cost effective in this function because we achieve huge scale and scope in the market with minimal fixed costs.  Enron's international business model, on the other hand, entailed constructing capital intensive infrastructure power and gas projects with leveraged project financing (with project financing supported by long term sales to government utilities).   This model is OK provided the business risk, currency risk, international risk, change in law risk, legal risk, etc. is priced properly by the debt and equity providers.  I will let you conclude which business model is better.   I think you will see Enron applying our successful NA model into the international markets that have an economy and regulatory environment that supports a "free-market" model.  Later. 
 I have both days on my calender.   I'll get TJ to resolve.  Thanks. 
 Calender 
 Thanks Jay. 
 As usual, your position is way too logical.   Do I need to attend this meeting? 
 Ok. 
 My understanding is that Shell can put them back to Calpine.   Remember, the deal was an all-requirements supply deal for all of Shell's retail obligations in ERCOT which are now zero. 
 Please ensure that real-time prices for ERCOT, PJM, NY, and NEPOOL are added to the cube database.   I have been analyzing the data today and the real-time clearing prices are not there.  Thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I will handle the non-TVA SERC deals until John Suarez joins the group. 
 Are we sure we can live with everything else in the PJM Single RTO proposal? 
 Any interest in attending? 
 I read the proposal last night, and although it is not perfect, it is a big= improvement over what we have today.   Therefore, I (and my team) support = Enron's endorsement of the PJM Proposal (with your timeline condition).  Thanks for all your good work. 
 You should attend if you think you will get value from it. 
 What is the exact delivery point?   Does it include capacity?   Is it a daily call?   monthly call?   All options are quoted by Harry Arora. 
 I want only firm delivered LD offers for this position.   Please make this clear in our proposal and make sure the volume shape is exactly the same as our JEA obligation.  Thanks. 
 You've got that right.   I'm am short all of the power and am getting frustrated.   I am breaking all of the trading rules by ignoring the price action which continues to be somewhat bullish in power.   There seems to be very solid fixed price support at these lower levels.  In particular, the NE markets refuse to go down despite the fact that Benson has been a fairly aggessive seller the past two days in the 02 and 03 period.   For the 1st time in a couple of weeks, however, the cash market is showing signs of weakness.  Overall, I am very bearish and my position reflects that.   Like you, I have worn some curveshift the past month. 
 The source sink issue continues to be a huge thorn in our side and costs my group significant $'s every year.   I estimate $10-15 million per year is lost by our cash traders every year due to the inflexibility in the daily and weekly market.  Therefore, we should continue to fight this issue hard to rectify as soon as possible.  Thanks. 
 I sit at 06543 (will be moving Wednesday/Thursday).   I can meet mid-morning tommorow.   Get on my calender with TJ at 35800.  thanks. 
 No. 
 I generally agree with your approach.  We may be able to assign our contracts to a competitor and actually get paid (because of margin in contract vs. current market), particularly if competition is not pricing this risk or choosing to ignore it.   Potential candidates are Green Mountain, New Power Co, TXU, etc.  Any thoughts? 
 Fine.   I don't need to attend. 
 Calender 
 Calender. 
 Thanks.   Any assignment would have to be confidential.   I don't view an assignment any different than the unwinds that we are currently doing directly with the customer.   If there is a positive NPV trade, we should do it.   "Assignment" maybe the wrong word.   Maybe we can transfer the ERCOT switching risk to another supplier or back to the customer. 
 Can you please make sure Kim Melodick attends my meeting with Jim Homco that I believe is scheduled for tommorow afternoon at 5:00 pm.   If Kim cannot attend, I need to move the meeting to a time when she can be there.  Thanks. 
 Yes, we probably can because ESCA is the vendor and we have a great relationship with them.  I will ask Doug and/or Forney to follow-up. 
 Please follow-up with ERCOT ISO and/or ESCA to find out if there is a technical limitation with the software.   Can we please get an inside opinion on the "real" issue and the "real date" so we can properly assess wholesale and retail risk as a company.  Doug and Rogers -  Please work together on who is going to take the lead so don't have two different Enron people inquiring.   We may also want to consider using Tholan's intelligence group. 
 Please call me and I will give you the real story.   I don't want to put it in an e-mail. 
 Obviously, coordination with gas and power fundies (rika imai and chris gaskill) is important for almost all projects unless confidentiality is necessary given the nature of the project scope.   My view is No. 1 is part of Rika's core day to day world.   No. 2 and No. 4 are more special project in nature and this is a gap you could help fill.  I will be out Wednesday through Friday so we should sit down tomorrow. 
 We need to make it our responsibility so we have consistent tools applied in all of the markets. 
 This transaction was never in the trading books and all P&L and decision-making was within the origination group.   I may have recommended that Ozzie buy the balance of year coal, however, all $ impacts and decisions were within the control of orig/corp development.  Therefore, Heather, Ozzie and Don Miller are the parties that must deal with any of the contractual issues and intra-company monetary issues. 
 Sounds good. 
 Is this relevant information. 
 The average guy has no idea what is coming.   T&D costs are going to explode and so is wholesale power (increased O&M, security, employees, capital improvements, risk premium, etc.) 
 I'm fine with this approach. 
 Thanks.   Sounds like a solid no. 
 I am missing an Enron 10,000 share sale from Monday of last week.   The sale has not shown up in my on-line "holdings" report as it normally does.  I am assuming this will be corrected today.  Thanks. 
 Does it retain my custom profile? 
 Does this mean yes? 
 Chemistry is very important to me and I am rewarding Carson for his loyalty and "low maintenance".   In addition, he demonstrated much improved risk management skills that last 6 months of last year.   Mike (working for Fletch) is very capable and will do a great job for us in the SE.    Eric Saibi will come over from ERCOT and run the cash books in the SE.  I will be happy to talk Marcello to see if there is another fit.    With respect to the NE, I also want to move some of the young guys up - they have worked hard for the past 12-18 months in real-time and fundies roles and deserve a chance before an outside person. 
 What is Zydeco?   No to Chinese. 
 I say we don't make any changes until we get in the new building and we will have a better feel for the vendors. 
 Please get info from Lloyd. 
 I did a spread today with Arnold:  Sold 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 03 Bought 10,000/MMBtu/day of Cal 05  Paid $0.12/MMBtu for the spread 
 Let's discuss tommorow. 
 I talked with John today and he wanted me to remind you about the e-mail you voluntered to write regarding the transition of site profile accountability back to EES.   If you recall, we decided on a 2-3 month transition with some sort of drop dead accountability for all P&L risks associated with the site profile/DSM positions.  Do you remember this?  If so, John and I did not receive the e-mail. 
 What time are we meeting? 
 For files/calender. 
 Not at all.  Please attend.   However, we will need a bigger room.   Can you coordinate with TJ to make this happen.  Thanks. 
 With respect to East Power markets, I would like a fixed monthly premium in addition to the wider bid/offer in return for Refco's access to our markets. 
 Please print and put in green folder (ignore redlined version) 
 thanks for the heads up.   I will forward this e-mail to EOL and Legal.   I understand his point. 
 FYI.   Looks like PIRA will be releasing a bearish material balance and 02 gas price outlook soon. 
 Any recommendations to correct this? 
 FYI. 
 Thank you.   See you this Saturday at 10:00 am. 
 Christi is leading the SE RTO initiative.   As far as meeting, tommorow at 3:30 works for me.   Please confirm with TJ at 3-5800.  Thanks. 
 Can you please coordinate this meeting to ensure it is productive.   We may need an initial screening mtg. to assess whether the tool can help us from a fundamental/trading standpoint.  Thanks. 
 I will pay $500k over the mid-curve.   Morgan and JEA will be your best counterparties.   I would proceed by showing them a bid for the shaped obligation that is flat to our mid, thus leaving you with 500k of orig value.   Before we show a written or verbal bid, please get approval from me.  Thanks. 
 Have they started construction?   Is the plant a peaker or combined cycle? 
 I think they are probably pricing calls vs. cancelling the project. 
 I have already moved someone from ERCOT to SE Power.   We are set. 
 After reviewing our position in more detail, we are quite long MWH's in the NE market, therefore the 5 year 7x24 PJM East bid (100-125 MW) would be closer to $4-5/Mwh below the current mid.  Additional purchases above 125 MW would be discounted further for VAR and liquidity reasons.  With respect to Florida, I would still pay the mid for Cal 02 (shaped like JEA short) and mid minus $2.00/Mwh for 50 MW of Calender 04-05.  As I mentioned in the meeting, EES/EWS would also provide a bid for ICAP/ancillary services in PJM and NEPOOL where the company has existing short positions. 
 I suggest setting up a meeting with all of my desk heads after your meeting with REFCO.   At that point in time, you can provide an overview of the deal structure and we can talk about East Power requirements. 
 Did UBS waive the employee CP? 
 When will we close? 
 I will be in town Monday and Tuesday.   Out Wed-Fri in Florida.   I will definitely help on Monday and/or Tuesday.   I can make arrangements for backups later in the week if necessary.  Let me know. 
 Please make copies for me and put in a folder. thanks. 
 Calender. 
 Casey has a list of all the East Power curves.   Frank - Stop re-inventing the wheel.   This stuff has been done already. 
 Pushkar and Ellen Su are not SE Power offers.   They are offers for our interest rate books/FX books.   They should not fall under Power headcount. 
 Please put Russell's info in my contacts. 
 Gas or Power?    Gas is Scott Neal and Power is Doug Gilbert-Smith for ERCOT (TX) and Fletch Sturm for LA/AL (Gulf Coast).  The Williams energy traders know these folks so these questions must be coming from non-commodity people at Williams. 
 My guys are telling me that all of the broker sheets we collected are now in your hands.   The validation for East Power should be very easy because we collected broker quotes almost every day and marked curves nearly every day.   If there are gaps, please let me know.  With respect to vol curves, I am having Wang and Stalford go back and validate. 
 There is one left - Net 10000 DYN short with 10000 DYN long.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I agree with the delegation except for Chris Dorland.   Tim Belden needs to determine who validates the West Power curves.   With respect to vol curves, Steve Wang and Rob Stalford need to validate.  What time period are we validating? 
 Yes, Wang and Stalford picked this back up yesterday. 
 Please coordinate with Kim Melodick to make this happen. 
 Harry is getting with Kim Melodick (HR for wholesale trading) to coordinate the transfer. 
 Doug Gilbert-Smith runs our Texas power group. 
 Yes, I will call you tonight or tomorrow to give you an update. 
 Let's bring him in for an interview. 
 Access approved. 
 Please put on calender 
 Per Lavo, he would like to see ASAP the break-even price on the reg-switch options where length was booked and when wholesale goes below tariff, we can cover and re-create free option.  When can we have summary valuation of this done for East positions? 
 Doesn't it become a free option if you can serve physically or reg-gen via utility tariff.   For example in Illinois and Ohio, wouldn't these markets create free options if the wholesale price goes below reg gen? 
 Are drinks on the house? 
 Based on what Fletch and Doug are doing, I would increase your #'s significantly.   Your liquidity data is very conservative compared to Fletch and Doug.   Your forward volumes are approx. 20% of Doug and Fletch and your ST data is about 50%.  I would complete the form based on the liquidity we saw in Aug and Sept. 
 Before we book the New Albany sale, Lavo would like to have a final meeting with myself, Lavo, Louise, Stuart, and Don to go through final economics and determine appropriate booking.  Stuart & Don - Can you set up meeting? 
 We will pass. 
 thanks. 
 $100k. 
 A former FPL employee (Ken Olan) will be calling you regarding a potential alternative to Orimulsion.   The fuel is sourced from US refinery and can be burned in the same manner as Orimulsion, creating two fuel sources.  Let me know. 
 Agreed. 
 I slept great. 
 Please call me as soon as we find out about the Duke board mtg results.   I need to know ASAP. 
 If I picked 6102, why am I getting 6103? 
 Please put in contact book. 
 Greg,  My brother is looking to make a career change from teaching (currently a biology teacher at Richland High School) into something where performance is rewarded.  He is an extremely hard worker who is ultra competitive.  Do you have any needs for entry level hourly guys?   I think he could learn the business quick and do well in our industry.  I know there is a ton of market uncertainty in the West right now with the California debacle, so I'm not sure if you need people or not.  Let me know if there is any chance for an interview and I can have my brother send a resume.  Hope everything is going well for you and your family.  Thanks. 
 Is the deal done. 
 I received an e-mail from Greg Wolfe.   They do have needs for entry level people.   For whatever reason, he did not receive the attached resume in my previous e-mail.   Please send me a final version of your resume so I can forward to Greg.  thanks. 
 What advantages does this bring for East and/or West Power (other than less mid-yr reviews to do)? 
 Lloyd Will is my fundies interface, and, in general, we have received very good support from Research. 
 Wow - imcompetence at its best. 
 Please give the names of the plants effected ASAP. 
 This list is wrong.   Can you reconcile our headcount by functional group with this "incorrect" headcount. 
 Sounds fine to me. 
 No trading on the 4th 
 Please summarize and hand out to traders.   In addition, create a section on our web site for enviornmental related matters. 
 As you can see, I was copied on the original e-mail. 
 Please handle. 
 My recommendation is that Berney's retail structuring group value the generation deals that are intended to serve retail load. 
 Can you believe Duke paid book value.   Wow!   They even accepted all the risk associated with the Power Systems BS. 
 Cover letter and resume from my brother are attached. 
 I think they are low in FRCC by $1.00-1.50, and I will fix tonight.   The GTC and FL/GA marks are good.   On-Peak in FRCC, however, I will be moving down some, particularly in the shoulder months starting in 03 as alot of combined cycles are added in Florida by both utilities and merchant players. 
 No problem.   $0.50/Mwh is enough for this service.   You don't need to pay a $1.00/Mwh.   I would say anytime she gets more that $75/Mwh, she gets a $1.00/Mwh to keep her motivated to sell at the highest price.  Sound OK? 
 This is all wrong - Amy has latest list. 
 It was actually Stuart Zisman. 
 I can speak with Chris Ahn when he gets back from his honeymoon. 
 Terry,  Please set aside 30 minutes on my calender sometime next week to talk to Su= zette.   I don't know her so your help in setting up the meeting would be a= ppreciated.   Please coordinate with TJ Black (3-5800). 
 Isn't this an EOL cost? 
 Thanks for all the hard work and your efforts are greatly appreciated by the power desk.   Is there any chance I can talk you out of your resignation.   I would like you to come work for Lloyd Will and help with our services business and RTO interface initiatives.  We are in the process of completely revamping our systems, and your knowledge would be a huge help in pushing this initiative.   Your thoughts? 
 Yes.   His phone number is 503-464-8481.   I forwarded the resume and cover letter this morning, so I would wait at least one day. 
 Absolutely.   I may have to smooth over the Jim Mehn issue (Chris committed to go to wholesale structuring) 
 Please coordinate with my asst. (TJ Black @3-5800) to set up an afternoon meeting next week. 
 Duke has indicated that the cannot complete the proposed commodity/loan transaction with my proposed collateral threshold exemption.   They have indicated that creates "accounting issues" for there accrual book.  Therefore, I need to know the cost of credit to assign to the proposed cash flows.  In rough numbers, we receive $200 million in the first two years and return $250 million in the last two years.  Because of this, in years 03 and 04, our collateral posting will be significant.  Let me know your thoughts ASAP on Monday morning. 
 Still no fix.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Who is Guy?   I agree Rogers, however, you need to help me finesse the situation.   The "just say no" approach will go nowhere with Delainey.   Let's talk about a workable approach.   Hang in there. 
 Can we make sure this goes on the Web site. 
 Thanks Joe.   I will have Tom and/or John follow up with Rob. 
 Thanks. 
 FYI. 
 We can honor the original ticket grants. 
 Please get a $ amount from Deffner's group on the collateral cost issue.  Given the shape of the loan, Enron will have to post significant collateral on the 03 & 04 positions, and I need a PV cost associated with collateral requirements of this loan package.  Please talk with Bradford with respect to credit $'s. 
 Rika,  Please assign an analyst to show all generation in the Com-Ed control area.   The primary owners are:  1)  Edison International (former Com-Ed coal plants) 2) Com-Ed (nuclear and some GT's) 3) People's (Elwood and one other merchant plant) 4) 5-6 miscellanious merchant plants (includes Allegheny's Lincoln Center facility) 
 Thanks and good luck. 
 Who called it a new business? 
 I agree with Rogers.   Because only one entity can mark curves and I have once again made this a requirement for all traders to get re-acquainted with value in the market, it makes sense for Netco/UBS to mark curves until the cutover occurs.   At that point, both entities will assume separate responsibility. 
 Did you use Florida curves from Friday?   The curves are much lower Friday vs. Thursday. 
 Agreed.   Actually, I think you are being too aggressive. 
 I need the reg gen postion, transmission position, distribution position, and ancillary position.   If you have to bundle the T&D and ancillary into one position, that is fine.   However, I want the pricing assumptions for the individual pieces and our best guess for the MWh position.  Thanks. 
 Based on the # of EES people attending a meeting that is about tariff prices (ie. EWS , I would hate to see the expense side of the EES ledger. 
 Ridiculous.   I have been forwarding all of your e-mails today to Lavo and Louise.   I am trying to build a case to get Ader and Bernstien (Bert and Ernie are my new nicknames) re-assigned and away from our supply business. 
 Sounds good. 
 Looks good. 
 Thanks. 
 Good info.  Thanks. 
 No more e-mails.   I still don't have the forward FPC tariff curve.  How is this so complicated. 
 Good info.   Thanks. 
 When is the MISO set to go commercial? 
 What are the biggest needs in fundies right now?  I would like a fundies rotation, risk books,  and real-time.   Risk books or fundies should be the 1st rotation and real-time should be the last. 
 Wes Colwell needs to create a new cost center for the new retail risk management organization.   My understanding is that Delainey has agreed to pay the costs for this year.   Please confirm with Wes. 
 Calender. 
 You are still missing a significant grant of restricted stock in 2000 and 2001.   Can you please include these grants in the portfolio manager.   I have requested this several times now.  thanks. 
 No problem. 
 Lloyd and I will be assembling a team soon.   All discussion should go through Lloyd. 
 Please remind me to file expense report from CT trip.   In addition, please block my calender from Feb 6th to 10th for Florida (Miami) vacation.   Please also change the March vacation to March 9-13 (Disneyworld).  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Yes. 
 I am still not pleased with the information display on the cubes.  It is way too difficult to view daily information and move from month to month to observe historical heat rate liquidations and $/Mwh price liquidations.   The tables on the top need to have dates and summary info.  Please assemble a project team to make the data more user friendly.  thanks. 
 We should value the project.   A combined cycle in Eastern NY may make sense. 
 Stuart Zisman will be your contact. 
 Yes, that's correct.   Sorry, but with Matthew coming back that same weekend, it just isn't going to work.  Have fun. 
 I need a presentation prepared for this meeting with Lay and Skilling.   It should be very straight forward with a demand picture by region and supply picture by region.   Maps with the regional reliability councils noted and overall supply/demand from 96 to 2000 should be the basis for the presentation.  Maps and graphs are very useful.   The presentation should be very macro in scope.  I would work with Gasill's group to make the presentations for gas and power somewhat similar. 
 The date works fine. 
 For the 25th presentation, I need the following:  A pictorial description of power generation sources:	1) Nuclear 2) Coal 3) Resid Steam Unit 3) Gas Combined Cycle 4) Gas Simple Cycle 5) Hydro  I would like to show annual demand by customer segment (residential, commercial, industrial) for the East, West, and ERCOT and supply by generation type for the same major areas.   A table which shows Mwh consumption by demand segment and generation supply by source would be useful.   In addition, total capability by supply source  Some of this same info can be used for the 30th presentaiton. 
 As I discussed with Joe Deffner, the Duke transaction we recently completed (loan in a commodity deal), we were unable to get the "exception language" for collateral.   We did the transaction at LIBOR - 10bp and even when we add 65-75 bp for the cost of an LC, the transaction still provided a competitive source of cash.  The confirms we sent incorrectly placed the "exception language" and I am correcting that today. 
 Yes - coordinate time with TJ Black. 
 I would like to discuss SE desk head opportunity with you.  I have spoken with Jim and he has given me clearance to talk with you.   I would like to meet this afternoon if possible. 
 Sounds good.   I'll see ya at 4:30. 
 I would like to discuss a term trading job in East Power.  I have talked with Fallon he is OK with me talking to you.   Do you have time to meet later today (5:30 pm) or tommorow. 
 What do you expect.   Enron is one of the top 25 companies in the world. 
 I am not interested.   Dave Duran may have interest and I will forward this e-mail to him. 
 On the new phone card (some later date), please include Rogers Herndon, Jeff Richter, Tim Belden and Anthony Dayou under retail risk management (new category on the card).  Thanks. 
 Please drop by to give me an update.   Remember we need positions broken down by component (retail gen, reg gen, ancillaries, tariff, etc.) and positions by customer.   We also need P&L by component and by customer.  Thanks. 
 I am not aware of the is RFP at all.   Our orig group provides zero info.   I will forward to Ed Baughman. 
 Who is working on this? 
 Calender. 
 FYI. 
 I used to get an e-mail every day with the component var.   I would like to start receiving this again. 
 I would like hard copy executive summaries of all of the RTO orders 
 I do not agree with this approach.   We are so busy managing stacks which could lead to someone forgetting to inform settlements to send a termination letter which would then kill the trade.  I strongly object to your recommended approach. 
 The curve sheet is fine, but I totally diagree with the morning report and demand forecast.   I would not give these to the risk group. 
 Let's discuss this in our Monday meeting.   In general, though, your approa= ch seems reasonable to me. 
 I'm good for $50.   You can collect next time you are in Houston. 
 I like your approach.   Would the Norfolk location fill the UI short as well so we could potentially get a double benefit? 
 Your welcome.  My wife's uncle died of Luekemia approx 2 months ago. 
 How are we precluded from extending our current contract.   I never agreed to that.  That's BS. 
 Through separate desktop. 
 No problem.   I need to know by mid-week, if possible.  Thanks. 
 Fine. 
 None that I am aware of.   We need to take positions that support our long term view of competitive energy markets for all consumers. 
 You need to go through Don Black and Anthony Dayou. 
 4:30 is good.   Should I expect good news? 
 I'm meeting with Suarez at 4:30.   I can meet with you at around 5:00.  Sound OK. 
 Thanks for the update.   You are doing a great job and I appreciate you all your hard work.   I don't have to worry about any of the administrative issues, and that makes my job much easier.  Have fun on the trips and make sure you and Amy get well.  Thanks again. 
 Right now, all of our trades are fixed price at a specific hub.   We will be moving to basis markets in some locations in the very near future. 
 No problem.   He can expense it. 
 I need 2 additional tickets for the Washington game that are next to my 4 season tickets.   I will call you later today to give you my AMEX to get the parking pass and confirm the specific seat location.   Patrick never called me to confirm the seats in the front row of the upper section, therefore, your message is the first confirmation I have received.  Thanks. 
 Your thoughts? 
 I think this guy should be independent from the fundies.   There may be special projects that are "highly confidential" in nature that should be directed by you, Hunter, Tim and myself.   I think Robert would be more successful in a freelance role.  Other input? 
 Please put the Kinch Kato e-mail address in my address book.  Thanks 
 I agree with Dick. 
 Please review resume.   She comes highly recommended by Paul Racicot.   She is part of the EBS redeployment. 
 The pricing information on the website is fine. 
 No cash, but yes to the confidentiality agreement. 
 Does 5:00 work? 
 Please put on my calender. 
 Can you please add Rogers to the interview list.   I like Dale as a candidate to run the URM desk.  Given that Jay Lewis has expressed interest in moving into a marketing role under Dave & Janet, we very much need a solid sr. person to run this group.   I understand the West is trying to get one of Jay's people to come to Portland.   Is Dale a candidate to run both groups?  If Jay leaves, we are big time short. 
 Agreed. 
 Louise indicated that credit has agreed to allow credit-worthy counterparties to trade through 2004.   The following are the counterparties East Power would like to have 04 access on EOL.  Dynegy Duke BP Energy Aquilla Morgan Stanley El Paso Williams Reliant AEP Constellation Calpine Merrill Lynch Allegheny Conectiv Mirant  Please let me know ASAP who gets approved and when EOL will grant trading rights.  Thanks. 
 OK - Doug can have Smith Day and Jeff Miller work to get the retail certification. 
 That is very possible because Calpine was selling 02 and 03 natty early yesterday. 
 Can you make sure and attend.  Thanks. 
 I have been assuming around 10k.   Talk to you later. 
 Stuart Zisman can answer this question. 
 Congrats. 
 Please approve access. 
 They have agreed to grant us access.   I granted access to power curves based on the understanding they would grant full access to all coal curves. 
 Per Gary Hickerson & Kevin McGowan, EGM agreed to make all coal curves (including PRB) available to power desk if we provided the power curves to the equity group.   Therefore, please ensure we receive this info in a timely manner.  Thanks. 
 I want our VAR to be accurate on all accounts and I will settle for nothing less. 
 Please send me the CD.  Thanks. 
 Please complete Hayden's form for your respective regions.  Keep in mind that this could act as potential position limit set forth by UBS so be careful in completing this form.   In addition, UBS has a liquidity reserve used to adjust curves when marking P&L.    The "liquidity reserve" accounts for the fact you can't liquidate at the mid and with big positions you probably can't even liquidate at the bid (offer).  Thanks. 
 What is this? 
 I need until Friday to get this done.   This has been the busiest trading week of the year.  Thanks. 
 I will have TJ set up and Lloyd attend.  thanks. 
 Please place on calender. 
 Calender. 
 Yes I would like to attend meeting regarding NRG deal and let's have a position meeting this afternoon at 4:00.   Does that work?   I will keep my ears open for Zone J and G markets.   PJM East markets are rarely shown except for summer spreads which are now $18-25/Mwh (approx.) for 02 and 03. 
 I have a fundies mtg. with Skilling at 3:00 and I should be done by 4:00.   Let's plan on 4:00 for NRG in my office and positions meeting after at whatever location works for you. 
 Sounds good.  If you need anything from me, let me know. 
 Who does Janel work for now? 
 We need it w/in the first 30 days. 
 That's fine. 
 Yes we need PRB 8400 and PRB 8800 curves.   My agreement with EGM was coal curves in exchange for power curves.  Heather - If I don't get the PRB coal curves by the end of this week, I will have to remove access to our power curves. 
 Please print the agenda for myself and fax copy to Evelyn.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the note and good luck. 
 I was told 2:00 pm. 
 Thanks. 
 No problem. 
 Yes, my brother. 
 I'm sure there will be a long line of requests.   If we have any extras, I will throw them your way. 
 I am locking up all of the hourly leads and having a discussion with them regarding there top performers and contract status this week.   It is becoming increasingly difficult to put non-managers under contract, so that is my challenge for the hourly group.   Having said that, I concur with your suggestions.  I am assuming you are presenting Narsima and Edith there promotion and contract packages.   Please confirm. 
 We need all historical data preserved in all markets (price, vol, trades by counterparty, volume by counterparty, broker vs. EOL, broker prices, EOL prices, etc.) 
 Glad to hear it. 
 FYI. 
 We would prefer physical rights that we can take day-ahead and/or real-time (5 minutes ahead, if possible).   Rather than an obligation (like FTR's), we prefer an option (spread on pricing that can only be positive when exercised).  I would want to condition the transaction on having one RTO in the NE with LMP pricing in effect for the entirie NE market on or before 1/1/2003.   Assuming we get over those hurdles, this would likely be viewed as a capital project internally (fixed cost structure), therefore, we need to earn a minimum of 25% expected return (after credit).  Obviously, there is a huge unknown on the CT vs. Long Island forward curve with the changing market conditions.   This makes pricing this deal extremely difficult, particulary with the returns we would need to show.  Call me with any additional questions. 
 Only if nuclear fuel storage problems persist.   The nuclear fleet, if unencumbered by NRC or spent fuel storage problems, will operate at 90-95% (95% during non-refueling years and 90% during re-fueling years).  Remember re-fuelings are now on a 24 month cycle and the next big cycle is spring and fall of 2003.   The 2002 re-fueling outages are actually less than normal. 
 I hear you on the liquidity Rogers.   With Rob making those markets effective next Monday (he is on vacation), we will find out if term liquidity is possible.  Please trust me on this issue.   You will see a significant difference within weeks, not months.   At a minimum, you will at least have price discovery through 2003 on calenders (they may be $3 wide in New York, but that is better than no market).  Keep pushing on this issue.   With the volatility in the NE over the past two weeks, I'm sure you understand our reluctance on term markets in these illiquid areas.  As far as 02 or 03 quotes for E PJM and/or NY, I have heard no markets today and neither has Dana.   The pool is blowing up as we speak. 
 I would pick the one with the highest return and put 100% in (most likely Stable Asset Fund) 
 They mitigated the shit out of prices (our Pepperhill project was dispatched at $300/Mwh the whole day). 
 Please review.   Is there a value proposition for us? 
 Rogers is meeting with Janet to sell this concept.   If necessary, I will follow-up. 
 If they are all in the coal group and we get all of the coal curves and transport curves, then the answer is yes. 
 Make sure this gets all of your attention and is done right.   I think we also need retail capability in ERCOT. 
 Make sure we get something in writing.   What is the appropriation risk? 
 We still need something in writing from Janet. 
 With your retail short position in PJM, I assume we are short ICAP as well.   We should have your guys or Ader & Company follow-up on the 42 MW that is available.   Hopefully, it is in E PJM. 
 Yes, I think so.   He works for Duran.   Do you need to me to do something? 
 We liked Alton.   He was a very hard worker.   We ranked him 2 or 3. 
 Do I need to attend?   We should not have Fairley at this meeting. 
 Good luck John.   I appreciate your praise and wish you success in your future professional endeavors. 
 I think we finally have everthing.   Thanks. 
 How's everything going?   Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 Good info.   Thanks Billy. 
 I think you are probably correct.   Upon closure, you will probably be marking your own curves.   Having said that, you should probably begin now. 
 Yes. 
 Absolutely.   Please call Lloyd Will to get access to our new intranet site which has an unbelievable amount of data on historical prices, loads, new gen, HDD's, CDD's, outages, etc.  Our new fundies group is 100% better in terms of data quality and presentation. 
 Are we using this load now? 
 Could you please enter the following Paine Webber Account Reps into my address book (include phone & e-mail)  Thanks. 
 I have book positions in the NE market and am very comfortable with our curves through 2004 in all of these markets.    NEPOOL came off very hard today ($2.00/Mwh through 2006) while the NY markets were off only $0.50 - $1.00/Mwh.   I am paying close attention to these markets given the corporate risk and I don't see any marks unreasonable given where 02 and 03 are actually trading.  Again - I will continue to monitor as we work toward integrating the positions.  Thanks. 
 Please send me a resume before I agree to any meeting. 
 I keep the curves very tightly controlled due to proprietary reasons.   I lose control of who has access outside my group, therefore, I have chosen to not make it available.   EOL has prices in all markets through 2003 which should be all you need to perform your analysis. 
 That's fine.  I thought we already did this. 
 Yes - Power Risk Management is more appropriate (trading is the closest to risk management) 
 We are in jail in off-peak as well and are trying to buy.   Most regions have markets on-line through 2003 (TVA, Ent, Cinergy, Com-ed).   In NY, there is zero liqidity for off-peak.   PJM West has pretty decent liquidity through 03.  I hope this helps. 
 One group needs to mark curves.   I personally think it is easier for us to mark curves because we have traders in every region.   I simply need to make it a priority again.   I can go either way, though.   We definitely don't want two sets of curves.  Let me know. 
 Our marks are fine (at least through 04 where we occasionally see #'s).   I don't think it's appropriate to shut down anything.  We need to price the product properly and off-peak needs just as much margin as on-peak given the increase in coal prices and the effects of load growth.  Rather than shut down products, increase the price to reflect the current risk in the market.   We are chipping away at our off-peak position day by day and we have bought some NYMEX coal.  Am I making sense?   In addition, I am working with Doug to buy 7x24 from FPL in North Texas (for both desks).   We will probably have to pay $3.50-4.00 spread to get 3-5 year 7x24 deal done.  With respect to NE, the outright prices are much higher and resid is the marginal unit for off-peak, therefore, in some ways the risk is easier to manage. 
 I just told Dana to get NE off-peak on-line for 02 and 03. 
 Good question.   We need to shift as of a specific date with fixed load obligations in the EWS retail books. 
 Could you please take care of this for me today.  Thanks. 
 Agreed. 
 Please handle for me ASAP.  Thanks. 
 Good info.   Consistent with reports from McGowan.   I am now short 02 at $39/ton and long 03-04 at $32.50/ton.   Love the spread given my view of natty.  Since the report is almost identical to info I have received from McGowan, I don't see any pressing need to call Alan.   You are certainly free to call him if you want. 
 I lost $2 million in new deal P&L putting the spread on because they have their curves so srewed up.   With respect to your question, I think the answer is yes because I can sell 02 on-line by controlling the stack (limit orders) and the coal group will sell 03-04 at $35/ton.   I now own this at $32 because they mis-mark their curve in 04 by $4.00/ton (ie negative $2 million in new deal P&L.)  The bottom line is it was painful putting that spread on. 
 Totally agreed.  It is an absolute joke down there. 
 Having any luck.   Look at my coal markets. 
 Casey Evans has all of this. 
 I defer to Dana on this issue. 
 Should be Dana Davis 
 No problem.   I can't think of any of their employees I would want. 
 Did you check with Liz? 
 I will do Carson and Juan.   I am having Juan do all of his SE hourly group.   With respect to Forney, I will either do myself or have Doug do it. 
 Let's try the alternative.  Thanks. 
 By Friday, we should be above 75%. 
 Thanks alot for the info. 
 Look forward to hearing from you.  Thanks. 
 Williams will have weather model and research material several minutes before the general market.   Universities receive the data before the market and this alliance will get the weather data to Williams as if they were part of the university.  Any thoughts? 
 Harry is out.   We are not extending an employment at will offer.   Please destroy the contract offer and "drafted" employee at will offer. 
 Please put in my address book. 
 Calender. 
 Yes, Lavo and Louise are both aware.   This is a lateral transfer.   Eric will be working directly for Fletch. 
 Yes. 
 This is the spread option which I am able to reconcile.   The big P&L discrepancy is on the pure TVE fixed price positions which are off by $1 million+.   Please continue to reconcile with Grace Kim.  Thanks. 
 Fine. 
 Sounds good.   We may want to consider diesel installation for Lincoln Electric as well.  I am beginning to think that diesel installations is our primary solution to cover OPPD short for May-Oct 02. 
 I would say 2,000,000 for Lavo approval.   Whether than signature, I would go through deal specifics and get verbal approval. 
 I do not use. 
 Please increase my H:/drive limit.  As Managing Director for East Power I require the ability to retain more than 500MB.  Please contact Lloyd WIll at 713-853-3383 if you require any additional information.  Thanks.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 Please print and put in green binder.  Thanks. 
 Good info on new plants.  Lloyd - Can we get this spreadsheet on our website under fundies tab.  Thanks. 
 I think we should install 15 minute metering capability and start serving these customers physically.   In order to grow this business, we need to find out if we can serve retail load directly in an efficient and cost-effective manner.   The quicker we can achieve physical delivery capability, the quicker we can define our true cost of serving these customers. 
 Any news on the diesel units installed at OPPD substations? 
 Approved. 
 Happy to do it. 
 We have approx 120 total seats for retail risk management on the 5th floor.   I think its important to put all power related retail functions (risk management, tariffs, structuring, risk reporting, etc.) on the 5th floor.  If you do this, then there will not be room for the retail gas group, which means you need to work with Tammy Shephard and Wes Colwell to get room on the 6th floor for retail gas. 
 The MTM amount needs to be gross margin, not revenues.   What deal was done for summer Cinergy on Friday?   Did Rogers sign off on all of the BECO deals? 
 I agree. 
 I was looking for tommorow.   I'll pass on tonight.  Thanks. 
 1.  Lloyd can trade any region with 30 day limit and total position limit of 100 MW.    Lloyd will do mostly spread trades. 2.  Per our earlier discussion 3.  Ontario is part of the NE and we plan on having an Ontario market maker.   I have to sort this out with Milly.   Please stay silent on this one until we get the deal closed. 4. 
 If they are still available, I'll take them. 
 What is the 11:00 deadline for?   I should be able to sign on my timeline. 
 Calender 
 I didn't receive any home information.   I'm interested in resale homes, new homes and lots.  Thanks. 
 Sounds interesting.  Clearly, we would pay a some premium on the front end for the Boston location.   Work directly with Dana on the specifics. 
 Done.   I'll come him today. 
 I confirmed he signed a couple weeks ago. 
 Rogers will do a fine job with this group presentation.   I think it is important that Rogers builds credibility with the marketing organization.  I'm sure you are OK with this. 
 I think I could make a case for decreasing ECP, because some of the uplift actually sneaks into the ECP (must run units for 6 hours etc.).   I would argue that the pool will dispatch more competitively when generators know that a peaker can run for 30 minutes at $100/Mwh.   This forces baseload units to offer very competitive pricing for all hours to ensure dispatch.  We have seen what the additional peakers in the East does to volatility and energy clearing prices, in general.  What are your thoughts? 
 Can we enter a retainer agreement with Sarah at Bracewell and have her attend this meeting on our behalf.   Jim - What is your budget for this year on outside services? 
 Did Rogers sign his contract or is he still holding out? 
 Is this going to get done?   My sense is this would reduces energy uplift charges and reduce energy clearing prices.   Do you agree? 
 I already read this article.   Price action is wicked bearish on our stock right now.   Fortunately, I have been doing a good bit of hedging my long Enron position. 
 Done. 
 We have this already by comparing daily reports.   I simply look at the change in daily postions.   Both Lavo and I are OK with the current reports. 
 After talking with Rogers, it sounds like a conference call at 1:00 pm tommorow would be more productive.   Rogers and Don are still working through logistics of the move to the 6th floor and solidifying some of personnel issues.  Does 1:00 pm tommorow work for you?   We can call you from my office. 
 Add $0.50/Mwh to the off-peak component of the 7x24 price and everything else looks fine. 
 Fletch Sturm (works for me and runs the MW power group) will be following up with you or Allen.   We need to make sure we coordinate with gas and west power so no duplication is occurring.    We need to also make sure that UBS is not already a client who receives PIRA materials. 
 Another addition to the team. 
 Sounds good.   I talk to Tim about twice a week. 
 This will be done by early next week at the the latest. 
 No trading.   It's a NERC holiday. 
 This is a classic.   I want to bring this guy in for an interview.   If he is as good as he says he is, we have to hire the guy.   You will get some good laughs. 
 I will only be attending the first 90 minutes of this meeting, so adjust the emission meeting to reflect that.  Thanks. 
 Why not use the actual correlations we have observed over the past 18 months.   Simply calculate forward gas price movement to forward power price movement (Bal 01, 02, 03, etc.)on a curve by curve basis, and you will find gas/power correlations on a forward basis are very high (80+%), at least in the Eastern markets. 
 Thanks Michelle.   Good job. 
 We'll discuss when you get back. 
 He's solid. 
 FYI.   Please coordinate with Hunter and Belden on what we need. 
 Definitely attend. 
 The only way the coal deal will go forward is if you prove you can get long term supply (pet coke, PRB, other, etc.) for $1.00-1.15/MMBtu delivered to the site.   The economics need to show a 8-10% IRR in order to justify the commodity risk.  In addition, we should explore IGCC in Florida.   The gas/coal spread is much larger in this market and the proforma economics would be much better. 
 Yes, I agree.   Remember, John has asked to go through a deal and this is a significant transaction.   I suggest going through the deal over lunch. 
 What free money.   If you are referring to the contract, it was not enough free money. 
 Calender. 
 I am interested in single family residences at Deering Bay, specifically lots. 
 Yes, you are correct.   Todd is making the changes I requested and we probably have at least another 2 weeks before I get a final plan.  With respect to your latest Contract, I have 2 minor changes.  The only one with any significance is the counterparty name.   I expect Mitchell-Carroll Custom Homes to be the signator to this Agreement.   Having a "shell" LLC entiity sign the Contract would be like me having my step-son sign the Contract.  I want the "real" balance sheet to be on the hook for meeting the contractual obligations, much like you want my personal balance sheet/income statement to be the responsible financial counterparty.  The other change was wording and does not effect the contract intent.  Talk to you soon. 
 East Power is flat. 
 Thanks. 
 Have you spoke to Greg Whalley about Kristen Albrecht, Dierdra McCaffery, Jim Brysch, and Heather Kendall.   We need to move forward on putting these teams together, and the above individuals were key candidates indentified to re-build the retail risk management organization over the next 6-9 months.  I would like to hear back today on how we plan on proceeding with these individuals.  Thanks. 
 I'm fine with it. 
 Your perception is correct.   Remember 4 years of culture is at work here.   I told Rogers this morning, we have to move to 35, clearly define the process for pricing deals, and begin changing the mindset of the marketing organization with respect to value.  The whole situation on 6 is considerably worse than I originally thought. 
 Thanks.   It never hurts to ask. 
 Sounds like you are on the team.   I am assuming you will start full-time on Monday.   Whalley has already assured me you will be part of this re-build process which obviously requires full-time focus.  Please confirm. 
 Is JEA deal booked against FL/GA curve or SERC curve? 
 Can we make 02.   FPL needs 02 start dates. 
 Remember our deal.   After trading day is over (for next 2 months), you stay until the risk calcs are done and help in whatever manner is necessary to improve the process.   In addition, you should take responsibility for calcing the ERCOT books (term and cash). 
 Friday is a terrible day for tours in power.   My entire desk leaves at 2:00 pm on Friday.  I would suggest the gas floor for this tour.   The customer will be very unimpressed if we have limited staff here in the middle of the day. 
 We have a # of counterparties whom credit will allow daily trading and/or balance of month trading (with no forward trading).  It would be much more efficient for the trading organization and the counterparties to have functionality within EOL that allowed for better credit screening.   We have moved away from the broker markets, and the current screening mechanism forces us to trade in the broker market with credit limited counterparties.  I would like to get this changed ASAP, if possible.  Thanks. 
 Please net longs and shorts for DIA and DYN.   I will do almost all trades on-line, therefore, I would like some mechanism to make all trades net on the Holdings page.  Kevin Presto East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 We need to add Jay Lewis and 4-5 people with T&D tariff knowledge to the curve team as well.   This process will entail specific wholesale curves plus a complete review of the T&D tariff curves.  These teams need to work together to ensure the sum of the parts equal the whole.   I am assuming everyone on the team agrees. 
 ICAP exposure needs to be capped at the default price (currently 8.75/kW/mo).   Because Zone J is deficient capacity, the market is actually trading higher than the default rate.  In addition, we need to scrub the ancillary components. 
 Attend. 
 I still need the info I requested to comment intelligently. 
 I need project names next to these que spots, including the project sponsor.   I can't make a determination unless I know the specific project and the project owner. 
 Kim,  Add another 8-10 for retail risk management.   You can take from the same list I have already provided to you and Lavo. 
 I think there a great DG opportunities in both Boston and Manhattan.   We will be working hard over the next several weeks to get proper city-gate curves in place to reflect true location marginal pricing, particularly in areas where we have exposure and new deal activity.  thanks. 
 For 01 and 02, congestion/energy uplift/transmission uplift is $3.50 to $4.50/Mwh.   Current EES curves are light in this area.  For 03 & beyond when LMP is adopted in NE ISO and socialized allocation is eliminated, the congestion component alone in the Boston area will be well over $10/Mwh (based on actual congestion $'s from May 99 to date in the Boston area).  Much like the Dallas situation, these locational congestion charges can be significant and Rogers and Don will begin immediately developing delivered energy pricing curves for specific locations that go well beyond the wholesale pricing points we mark right now.  I hope this helps. 
 If you don't get a response from Elizabeth, just call her or walk up to the legal floor.   On something as important as this, I would go directly to Elizabeth's office. 
 Lloyd Will will send to you today. 
 Next week is better.  Please schedule an afternoon appt. with my asst. (Tamara Black 3-5800) 
 No development as of yet. 
 If it becomes an asset management deal, we need to involve the services desk (Tom May and Jeff Miller).    The trading & marketing outsourcing deal is the most appealing to me. 
 Fine.  Use the same charge code you have been using. 
 His resume looked good.   I'm OK with the hire. 
 Please begin working on filling our Associated short position in 02.   I would like to take this risk off the books.  In addition, please find out what a buy-out of VEPCO would cost us.   With Rogers transitioning to run our retail risk management, I would like to clean up our customer positions.  We also need to continue to explore a JEA buy-out.  Thanks. 
 Lloyd Will, Juan Hernandez and Don Baughman (plus Kayne Coulter) should be the East Power reps at this meeting. 
 Fletch and I are dividing up Rogers postions (Fletch taking Peak, I'm taking Off-Peak).   To make it fair on everyone, I am allowing Rogers to take $4 million from Prudency C attached to JEA.  (Rogers has created this positive balance himself over the past 12 months with deals he has done in FL & SOCO).  In addition, I will be assuming all customer deals (VEPCO, JEA, Associated, MPMUC).  We will mark the curves in Entergy and TVA where Fletch is comfortable taking the position (off-peak also needs to be marked down).  The $4 million from prudency will absorb most of the curve shift.   All of Rogers postions will stay in Wholesale.  All parties come out with a fair solution. 
 I talked with Gary Hickerson and I am OK with granting Michelle Cisneros access for her specific valuation purpose (pricing access is for 2 years only). 
 Please send the updated org list to Calger.  thanks. 
 I need prudency C summaries ASAP.  Thanks. 
 Thanks Charles and I agree with your conclusion - a competitive market will not exist unless the tools create a clear price signal for all congestion. 
 I did look and couldn't find it. 
 I would like another 15" monitor mounted on my trading desk.   When can I get this done. 
 I'm sure Vlady can get it to you.   In general, I don't save my e-mails. 
 If I can find it. 
 Sounds good.   I think we will significant synergy benefits immediately.   The cultural barriers will be broken down and information will flow from wholesale to retail and vice versa. 
 We should be pursuing the buyout and asset development simultaneously and the most economic alternative will prevail. 
 In the interim, Fletch and I will assume responsibility.   Obviously, we will be trying to identify a replacement over the next couple of months.  We will be doing some position re-alignment today - transferring some of Rogers positions to Fletch and/or myself at tonight's mids.   I will then re-sell/re-buy some positions back to Rogers which cancel out opposite positions in the retail book.  I will give you the specifics before we mark. 
 Great trading asset, but fixed costs are enormous.   The entire value proposition is based upon $15/Mwh spread between peak and off-peak (which is clearly there today).    My view is this spread collapses over time due to DSM/DG/real-time pricing and true hourly price signals in pool based markets.  We should look at the asset, but recognize the fixed costs are huge. 
 Don't know his capabilities well enough to make an accurate assessment. 
 Thanks for the update John.   I have a great personal relationship with Paul Posoli (run there whole shop), so if you need anything let me know. 
 Plant development should focus on sites in NY City.    You assumptions are correct related to NE. 
 I would like 6 Analysts and 4 Associates.   I provided my top 20 wish list to Lavo last week.  Thanks. 
 Willis should be an Associate trading track position.   I forgot to clarify with Kim on original offer.   Remember, we have to go through Paul Johnson at Austin Energy.  I would like to get the offer letter out today. 
 As you probably know, Rogers (in the East) and Don (in the West) will be working directly with the wholesale desk.   Tim and I will ensure a fair balance is achieved between retail and wholesale.  As an Enron shareholder, I fully appreciate that we need explosive growth and profitability out of EES, particularly with reduced volatility in gas and power markets over the next several years.  I am commited to ensuring that the retail risk management organization is offered all the tools, information, systems, competitive pricing, etc. to allow EES to offer fully bundled competitively priced products to retail customers.  I look forward to working with you and Dave in continuing to grow this business. 
 Yes it is irrelevant.   Now that we have competent risk managers making the decision, they will know how to effectively hedge these deals.   Furthermore, pricing is always available on demand.   When each trader has 30-40 products to manage in a volatile market, they are not necessarily going to put 03-10 for peak and off-peak in every region.  It becomes very cumbersome to manage the year over year spreads when the front is moving so violently. 
 Ground pictures from various angles will do.   My expectation is that I will continue to get weekly updates and the booklet I described will contain the info I requested in an organized manner.  Thanks. 
 I submitted my request to Kim Melodick approx. 1 week ago.  Kim - Please make sure Lavo and Louise have my wish list for Analyst and Associate candidates. 
 White water rafting in Colorado. 
 Calender. 
 I can be reached on my cell in Florida.   In addition, you can leave messages with the hotel voice mail (I am staying at Ritz Carlton on Key Biscayne).  I will also be checking e-mail at least once per day. 
 Ron Green is the President of FPL Energy and Mark Maisto is the President of FPL Energy Trading (sub of FPL Energy).   I have Mark's contact info at home.   Send me an e-mail at kmpresto@hotmail.com and I can reply at home with his contact info.  You would be a great fit for their shop. 
 My candidates are already through their rotations and are essentially finished with what we have defined as the trading track. 
 Highly Confidential 
 500k right now.  I am prepared to pay a $1 million development fee as well. 
 Agreed.   Thanks. 
 FYI - Can you help Ron sort through these issues.   With OPPD's cooperation, we can easily overcome these issues and make May 02 in-service for 150 MW of rented diesel generation installed at OPPD distribution substations. 
 No development is easy.   I see nothing on your list that cannot be overcome.   Please develop a plan to have a 150 MW on-line my May 02 with rented diesel equipment.   We would install the diesels at OPPD distribution substations.   We may have to do 15 different installations to acheive the desired result.  Last year Com-Ed and IPL completed an installation with CATs in 3 months.   The key is to get OPPD to cooperate with interconnections at the distribution substations and we will get credit for losses.  Please work with Terri and Ed.   If you need any additional info after working through a plan with Terri and Ed, please let me know. 
 No, I have sent 3 copies to Lavo. 
 I received them.   Thanks. 
 Thanks for the hard copies.   Can you please send me an e-mail with an electronic copy. 
 Please call me when you get in to discuss hole in SE.  thanks.  Kevin Presto Vice President, East Power Trading Phone:  713-853-5035 Cell:  713-854-3923 Fax:  713-646-8272 
 I forgot to mention that today's curves will be down another 5%, therefore, the prices in the spreadsheet are too high. 
 I'm not in the business of providing firm pricing via e-mail.   As always, all prices from the desk are indicative until customer is ready to pull the trigger.   As a rule of thumb, prices are good for about 15 minutes.  Therefore, let's be clear with the counterparty that we are in a volatile energy market with pricing moving 5-10% on some days.   For example, summer power is down $20.00/Mwh over the past week and June is down $10/Mwh.   Summer 02 and summer 03 are down $7-8/Mwh over the past 3 days.  Thanks. 
 I would like to acknowledge David Portz for his hard work and diligence in drafting and actively supporting the negotiation of the Green Mountain Power all-requirements transaction in ERCOT.   David worked long hours ensuring all tight timelines were met and facilitated quick contract turnarounds on numerous occasions.  In addition to Green Mountain, David has exhibited the same hard work and diligence on other Texas transactions (San Antonio, misc. QSE contracts, etc.) 
 Tuesday April 17th. 
 I will do the interview.   Please schedule with my asst. (TJ Black at 3-5800) 
 Let's discuss this at our 3:00 pm meeting today.   Please put on agenda.  Thanks. 
 No electronic copy - Evelyn saved a hard copy.    The quote was related to Enron's activity with TVA. 
 Joe is set to rotate to real-time MW on June 1 and Bill Rust is taking his scheduling place.   I have no problem with Joe going with you.   With respect to Narsima, timing may be an issue (transition), however, I should be able to make that happen as well.  With Busby, Bernie, Joe and Narsima (timing an issue), you have some competent support at the outset   In addition, there is almost certainly some capable people within the 200 person existing organization that have had no management direction and no discipline.  Hopefully, the dust settles and the transition can start next Monday.   We also need to figure out what we do with your existing positions. 
 The genco room needs to be with power and the size needs to be increased as requested by Lloyd Will. 
 Ryan is waffling.  I talked to him this weekend and he said his wife wants to move back north.   These weather guys need physcology treatement.   Dave now thinks this UBS deal is full of risk.   I think the Friday event has everyone freaked out.  Sorry to ruin your Sunday evening.   With respect to fundies, I already have my guys working on this. 
 A written summary is fine. 
 I need a summary on this issue.  Thanks. 
 Can I get the interview package (including resume)  Thanks. 
 Doug Gilbert-Smith, fletch sturm, rogers herndon, rob benson, and mark dana davis. 
 What is their proposal? 
 What is this? 
 Please print and put in binder for me (4 tabs for Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4).  Thanks. 
 FYI - Another opportunity for mid-market to extract value from the market. 
 Are you OK with this? 
 test 
 I gave you his resume 3 months ago.   I am sending another copy upstairs today.   He would be a manager level hire.   No, he is not the ex-metals trader.  I would like to hire this guy ASAP. 
 Can you send me another copy of the pros/cons matrix and the function descriptions.  Thanks. 
 As I told John this morning, we have similar issues with Var in the East.   The correlations between gas & power for the entire curve are based on the front month and the correlations between regions are also based on the front month.  I have requested changes to the Var calc several months back and have been assured it will be completed by the research group soon. 
 The first report looked good, however, I would like to see the owner name, and technical configuration.   In addition, I would like pictures of each facility. 
 I tore the Agreement up because he would not sign it. 
 Willis is an Manager candidate 
 No I'm not OK with this.   We have never paid in the past.   Is it different if we request 02 only? 
 I vote No. 1.   I think the necessary synergies between gas and power marketing in TX can be accomplished at you and Milly's level. 
 When do the guys that signed contracts get the paperwork for option grants and restricted stock?   They are all asking me. 
 Change the request to 150 MW per period.  Thanks. 
 We would like to hire Willis Phillips from Koch.   Rogers, Dana, & I have all interviewed him and think he is a can't miss candidate.   The bad news is that he was referred by a headhunter (the fee is 20% of first year package).  This guy is quality and I want to make an offer.   Please let me know if I can proceed ASAP. 
 Thanks Pearce. 
 Org chart for today's meeting. 
 Right now. 
 I had to leave early yesterday so I am just getting around to reviewing.   Looks good.   I will call with any comments.  Thanks Tim. 
 FYI. 
 Thanks for your contact list.   Enron also looks forward to working with Oneok.  Attached is a list of individuals (with titles) within our trading organization whom you will be interacting with.   Please call me with any questions. 
 I don't have this finalized yet until final personnel decisions are done. 
 I have your list and will be sending you an e-mail shortly.  Thanks. 
 FYI - Org. Chart.   Do you want me to have my asst. replicate for the West? 
 They need to talk with Ed Baughman to define a deal structure. 
 Please make sure that all visitors maintain a considerable distance from the trading floor.  Thanks. 
 Make sure we keep all visitors at a considerable distance from the trading floor. 
 Yes attend. 
 Please follow-up.   Thanks 
 Thanks for the update.  I also talked to John and he expressed the same doubt. 
 Rogers and I have our weekly trader's roundtable meeting, so we are not available for the tour. 
 Congrats Janice and good look with your new job. 
  Please put on calender and remind all desk heads to invite people who have signed up.   This includes you, Tina, and Claudia. 
 FYI - Please follow-up. 
 I would recommend sitting with the real-time traders (they trade, reserve transmission and schedule the power in real-time).   You can coordinate with me. 
 John Dorbone (sp?).   You can get his phone # on Gleannochfarms.com web site.   They have 4 custom builders (Tom Bailey, Pine Oak, Country Village, and Tom Hale).   They recently fired Coventry and Frederick Harris.  I have not made a decision yet, but I am considering Gleannloch as an alternative.   It would be a big positive for me if you could build the house. 
 Please schedule a meeting with TJ Black (3-5800) 
 Please handle.  Thanks 
 Approved 
 I talked to Julie Havilend about Paine Webber keeping my on-line portfolio manager updated with all of my Enron options.   Entering options is tricky and I was hoping you can provide that service for me.  Let me know. 
 Myself and all of my desk heads will be interviewing candidates Wednesday from 1:00 to 5:00 pm. 
 Quarterly. 
 Come see me tommorow morning. 
 Rogers can be reached by e-mail at drherndon@aol.com.  He would like updates on activities everyday if possible. Thanks. 
 I need approval for this ERCOT Schedule C.   The e-mail from Stacey outlines the details.  Thanks. 
 Keep it up.  Our markets are getting even tighter. 
 Deny the request and the requester needs to send a formal request directly to me with solid justification. 
 Because we have lost several people to retail risk management (Rogers Herndon, Narsima Misra, Jim Homco, etc.) and John Forney has moved to ERCOT hourly, I have been forced to manage an EOL stack for multiple markets.  Therefore, all tours during trading hours (6:30 am to 3:30 pm) will have to be provided by non-trading personnel.  Sorry, but we are in our busiest season and I cannot afford to have my traders away from the desk for even 10 minutes. 
 Looks great. 
 Green Mountain prudency has been approved by Lavo. 
 Yes we are aware.   thanks. 
 Edison International purchased all of Com-Ed's gas and coal plants approx. 2 years ago and now sells the output of these plants back to Com-Ed through 2004.  The operators of the plant are threatening a strike and it could have huge implications with plant availability until replacement operators could be found.   I would like your group to closely monitor this situation and provide me daily feedback. 
 I don't agree with either 7 or 8.   The 0.1 LOLP generally results in 20-25% reserve margins which are excessive.   Reserve margin is a meaningless measure in an efficient commodity market because supply and demand adjust to price signals to keep the market in balance.  My view is that ICAP should be eliminated completely and, if utilized, transitional only for a 1-2 year period.   The other alternative is the ISO to have a reliability auction whereby quick-start units contract directly with an ISO for meeting reliability reserve reqs. 
 Please put Steve Marland's Cell number in my Address Book. 
 Several names in my Lotus Address Book that did not transfer to the new Outlook platform.   The names that did not transfer have text next to them.   For exampe, Todd Rice did not transfer and his name on Lotus Notes has "Office Number" next to it.  There are several other examples of this.  thanks. 
 Send to Lloyd Will for his review.  Thanks. 
 Doesn't OATI already do this? 
 I would like a consolidated report on all generation projects monitored to date.   My recollection was we had identified approx. 50-75 projects to monitor.  thanks. 
 How come you never show EOL #'s for East Power.   I would like to see East Power included in the e-mail report.  thanks. 
 Looks great.  Thanks. 
 I have not hired a replacement yet.  No meeting required until I find a replacement.  Thanks. 
 please put on my calender. 
 All fixed price locations (ERCOT, Ent, Cin, TVA, SOCO, Com-Ed, PJM, NEPOOL, etc.).   The biggest Cal positions are Cin, Ent, PJM, and NEPOOL. 
 The highlights I would focus on are:  1) East Power has traded over 600 million MWh's YTD 2001 (compared to 450 million MWh's for all of 2000) 2) Averaging 350 trades per day on EOL for 2001 YTD (compared to 100 in 2000).   In the last two weeks, EOL daily transactions have averaged nearly 500. 3) Significant improvement in liquidity in all markets - EPMI now trades actively through 2005 in nearly every eastern market. 4) Positive P&L in every Eastern region 5) Outstanding return on VAR. 
 thanks Vince.   I read about this in MW Daily and on Bloomberg.   I think it will be a good project. 
 Will do.  Thanks. 
 Please put on my calender and create interview package. 
 Wow. 
 Let's bring him in for an interview.   Have Johnny Palmer set up. 
 Filing looks good.  My vote is go forward with a clean 205 filing as attached.  If we file the 203 as well, FERC will gravitate directly toward that.   I think we retain more flexibility if we stick with the 205 approach.  Other thoughts?   I will be in Florida (vacation) Wednesday through Friday.    I can be reached via cell and TJ will have my hotel phone #.    In addition, I will check e-mails at least once per day at the hotel business center. 
 Agreed. 
 As soon as I get access to crude, resid, & coal curves, I will grant access to power curves.  Thanks. 
 Looks fine. 
 Please have Grace (or her replacement begin including NYMEX coal, PRB 8800 Coal, Resid 1% and Resid 3% in the curve handout everyday.  Thanks. 
 Please provide power curve access to Jen Fraser in EGM. 
 Please place on drive that the traders can access. 
 Good to hear from you and thanks again for the baby gift - much appreciated.  The family is great - Caitlin just turned 3 and Dane is now 4 months old.  I hope Fran and the kids are doing great - how's your new addition?   We will be going to Miami Sept 13-16 (Miami revenge on Washington) and hopefully we can hook up for a beer.  As far as the guy from Citizens - we really don't know that much about him.   Where is Tony Altman - under a bus somewhere? 
 Portfolio looks good.   Is it valuing options properly?   Can you rename the portfolio "Enron"  Thanks. 
 I am trying to change name to "Presto - Enron" and it won't let me.   How do I change name? 
 Please grant Steve access 
 Thanks 
 I want to make sure that we are adopting a policy whereby any material changes to employment agreements for individual employees are adopted across the board so we are creating consistency for all employees with respect to contract terms and conditions.  I think this is very important from an execution and timing standpoint.   I want to be able to represent to employees that "lawyering" the docs to death is not necessary, because we are going to maintain consistency for all employees.  I would like an affirmative yes on this question by Tuesday am.  Does everyone agree? 
 The options are not valued properly.   The market value is calculated based upon the value of the underlying, which grossly overstates the market value of the portfolio.  The restricted stock (basis of $0) is valued OK, but the options are not.  In addition, the year restricted stock and option grant is not yet in the portfolio. 
 It would help me if the grant dates were listed in the Portfolio details.   This will help me determine if we are missing anything.  Thanks. 
 Did you get my message on option valuation in the portfolio? 
 Except it can't be negative because they were grants at no cost to me.   The problem is the combination of restricted stock which is total market value and options which is gain/loss need to be added together to get total portfolio value.  I was hoping you could trick the system so portfolio value was accurate. 
 Thanks. 
 I think you forgot the cash postion.  I would rather have on-line valuation, even if the $'s aren't perfect.   I like to look at my personal equity portfolio (includes Enron hedging) separate from Enron granted stock and option value.  One portfolio is liquid and the other is not and I monitor differently. 
 I already signed something on this.  Unless I hear otherwise, I am going to ignore this e-mail. 
 Thanks. 
 We just successfully bought out of the 02 OPPD capacity and energy obligation.   Therefore, we don't need to proceed with the diesel installation.  I have instructed Terri to make your group whole on any costs incurred pursuing the diesel development in Nebraska.  In addition, I would like to pursue an 02 LM6000 project inside Ameren (approx. 100-150 MW).   This would be a strategic asset to create a control area around and utilize the flexible interconnections Ameren has with multiple systems.   We also have significant retail load obligations behind IP and Ameren in Illinois.  thanks. 
 750k is BS.   Ron has only been working on this for 3-4 weeks.   He has made one trip to Nebraska.   I expect more like 50-100k in costs incurred.   This is precisely why I told Ron to work directly with Terri on this project.  With respect to Ameren, Ron should work directly with me and Lloyd Will.  thanks. 
 Fine with me if Hunter and Lavo can support it. 
 It needs to look like our wholesale reports (postions shown behind each utility).   In addition, peak and off-peak should be on separate pages.   We should have two views:  1) By utility 2) By counterparty 
 Are you a mind reader.   I set up a once a week meeting every Monday at 4:00pm (EB641) to go through East Positions (wholesale & T&D) and discuss process, deal review, big risk items, new deals, etc.  In attendance will be:  Berney Busby Don Black Rogers Herndon Jay Lewis Joe Wagner Narsima Misra Jubran Whalan  I recommend a bi-weekly meeting with the group of 6 (Belden, Presto, Lavo, Richter, Black, Herndon).   I will assume Kim will coordinate with the asst's to schedule time and location. 
 Calender. 
 Make sure TJ puts on my calender. 
 Wednesday doesn't work for me. 
 OK.  I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday. 
 Not yet. 
 Please respond to request below.  Thanks. 
 I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k.   This is pretty easy math for me.  I know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.   I would like to get this done ASAP.  Thanks. 
 Are we going to attend? 
 Thanks. 
 Please adjust calender. Thanks. 
 thanks for the invite, but I won't be able to make it. 
 Do you have a list of people for the special trip?   What do you think?  Cabo Courdelane (sp?) Vegas  We need to get the list of names to aviation ASAP. 
 I would support 90 MW at Homestead. 
 Could you take a crack at a draft for the Skilling/Lay presentation.   The presentation should focus on supply/demand (97-02), RTO progess in each region, and the progression of heat rate curves (expanded last year and compressing this year), pricing history, volatility graphs, etc.  Thanks. 
 I agree.   We don't know the base value of the current deal, so how can we make an incremental value decision on a restructuring. 
 Mine.  Looks good.   We should get one suite as well that we can use as a beer drinking hospitality room.   I'll confirm dates with you later today or tommorow.  thanks. 
 Please put together package.   What is this interview for? 
 Thanks Rogers.   I think Steve would fit in with our group well.   I probably need to wait at least a week to let the dust settle on our own people issues.    My guess is we will end up losing 2-3 people and outside candidates then become viable. 
 Rika, This is fine.   However, the Genco related info should be screened. 
 I understand and agree with everything, except 8% was the agreed upon interest rate as noted on the economic runs which establised the demand payment between my book and New Albany, LLC.   It is clear that 8% was the agreed upon rate and the true-up needs to be from 9% to 8%. 
 Please make a recommendation that keeps this individual.   I have given my views, and they are falling on deaf ears.   Please give me a solution that keeps the employee and saves the company money by avoiding replacement cost at 75-80k.   This seems like a real simple business decision and we are making it difficult. 
 Calpine is in complete disarray right now, and the entire future of their c= ompany hinges on CA honoring their long term above market contracts.   Calp= ine's non-CA portfolio is getting killed and I don't think they have hedged= effectively in the non-CA locations. =20 Given these circumstances, the word "below market" is an "f" word, particul= ary with the legal concerns they also have.   I would place a low probabili= ty on getting to a value proposition that makes sense for both parties at D= ighton, particularly with the legal issues. 
 Looks like Enpower is "on the side of the road" with respect to capturing and valuing retail deals.   As we discussed in yesterday's meeting, Plan B is a more robust spreadsheet that unbundles the components and values them separately and creates postions by risk component.  I know this is easier said than done, but we need a tactical solution that gives the group confidence that value and positions are correct, rather than a bundled black box batch value with hard coded assumptions. 
 I think so.   To top things off, there building downtown flooded and the tr= aders are working out of there house.   They have no idea what there positi= ons are, and they are trading almost exclusively on EOL from their home com= puters. =20 What a joke, huh. 
 Please work with Stacey and Donny Vinson to credit New Albany LLC with the 492k. 
 I talked with Lavo and we agreed Herndon and Black should go as well.   I think Zufferli would make 14, but we should be able to squeeze.  I am calling aviation today and I plan on arranging the following:  1) Plane goes to Portland and picks up your guys at 9:00 am on Friday 6/21 (or 6/28 if more notice is required) 2) Plane picks up Houston guys at approx. 3:30-4:00 pm (Houston time) 3) We arrive in Cabo around 7:00 pm. 4) Plane returns to Houston 6:00 pm Sunday 5) Plane continues to Portland and arrives around 8:00 pm (Portland time)  Let me know if this works for you guys. 
 Carson is done and I just talked with Suarez.   I told John he needs to make his decision based on the economics in his package.   150/150 is a great package for Suarez.   I would be uncomfortable increasing based on other areas where we may be short.    Good news on Craw. 
 Didn't we already hang Richter with this at the Monday mtg.   By the way, Lavo has indicated he will just attend our Monday meetings every couple of weeks instead of having a separate meeting. 
 No, I won't be using. 
 You caught that.  I guess that's fair.   We would likely leave around 1:00 pm CPT which would put us in Portland at 2:30 (West time).  Does this work? 
 We need to send someone.  Thanks. 
 You are 100% correct.  That is my impression as well, and that is why I set= up the Monday meeting.  Going forward, the format of those meetings should= be:  =091) Richter presents his area of accountability (West wholesale prosition= , risk systems, deal capture system, status of =09projects, schedule, etc.) =092) Black presents his area of accountability (deal review, west tariff, = and gas) =093) Herndon presents his area of accountability (East wholesale & East ta= riffs) =094) Bernie presents his area of accountability (deal structuring, deal va= luation, new model construction) =095) Busby presents his area of accountability (risk systems and portfolio= valuation - works with Richter) =096) You and I find the holes and provide direction.  Your thoughts? =09 
 Sounds OK for now.   Long term, your portfolio manager should know how to value options. 
 The following people will be making the trip:  Portland			Houston Tim Belden			Kevin Presto Mike Swerbzin			Fletch Sturm Bob Badeer			Dana Davis Jeff Richter			Rob Benson Tom Alonzo			Rogers Herndon Matt Motley			Don Black Mark Fisher John Zufferli  Could you please coordinate with aviation to arrange the Falcon 900 to pick up the Portland crew Friday morning with and then confirm flight details with myself and Tim Belden.   We may have to arrange for Don Black and Rogers Herndon to fly on commercial flight due to space limitations on the Falcon.   Let me know if 14 is over the limit so I can let Rogers and Don know.  Thanks. 
 50k.   Thanks. 
 Thanks. 
 A group of 14 people (West and East Power) will be taking an off-site to Cabo June 22-24.   We would like for you guys to join the group for a wild weekend in Mexico.   That's the good news.  Due to space limitations, we need you guys to fly commercial from Houston to Cabo (on company $'s, of course).   On the way back, you would fly on the company plane, and Zufferli would fly commercial directly to Calgary.  We plan on departing Houston on Friday 6/22 at 3:00 pm and return Sunday at approx. 6:00 pm.  Are you guys in?   We will have a blast. 
 I understand.   If I have too, I will dip into my money.   I think the requests are reasonable and fair with respect to individual's peer group. 
 You will probably be glad you didn't go.   If the boys are in jail in Mexico, you may have to run the desk the next week. 
 Rogers can't attend due to family conflict, therefore, you will be on the corporate jet.   You should be getting a copy of the flight schedule from Kim Hillis via e-mail. 
 Please make sure the meetings I need to attend are on my calender.  thanks. 
 No chance.  He gets nothing other than the pricing model through structuring. 
 Means broken and needs fixed - like your Mercedes. 
 I bet your insurance is a 3 times higher than Calgary. 
 Could I please get an updated valuation summary on the sale of New Albany.   Do not include the $10 million capacity unwind in the economics.  I want only the MTM effects (the accrual benefits are gravy).  Thanks. 
 done. 
 Your welcome. 
 He was under Ed Baughman until approx. 1 month ago.   He is now the Entergy/SOCO scheduler. 
 Below are contacts if you need help over the weekend with new docs, employee questions, etc. Amy Fitzpatrick   Cell:  713-859-6266 Jeanie Sloan   Cell:  713-553-7049  I need to know by noon on Sunday who is in and who is not.   For people not committing, try to get there contracts back so we can re-allocate $'s as necessary.   All contracts signed by Sunday at noon will get a $2500 check from me personally.   I encourage all of you to contribute to the fund to entice early signing.  If you need new docs printed, please contact Amy or Jeanie at above #'s or call me.  Harry - You and your guys situation is different, therefore, ignore the Sunday issue.   However, please contact Amy and/or Jeanie to generate contracts for Steve and Rob (use the $'s we talked about).  List of key employees who have not signed:  Gupta Suarez Carson Broderick Misra Wang Stalford Ballato Imai  The ERCOT desk is almost done (1 more to go) - kudos to Doug  UBS CONTACTS  IN HOUSTON WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20 Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other Anderson, Mimi  Data Administration     203-353-9121    203-719-6448 Brown, Anthony  All Issues      212-253-6313    212-821-2346    646-244-6311 Galasso, Jill   Data Administration     203-277-2067    203-719-3614 Lee, Jenai      Data Manager    718-788-8468    212-821-6073  KEY CONTACTS WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20 Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other Bliss, Melissa  Front Office    203-655-4678    203-719-6358    203-253-4339 Eastwick, Jacqueline    Front Office    203-966-9294    203-719-4575 Martin, Audrey  Front Office    212-423-5764    203-719-4699    917-468-0237    860-824-7707 Luecke, Susan   Operations      203-602-3332    203-719-6916    914-830-4528 Ciliberto, David        IT      212-253-5477    212-713-3276    917-319-5360 Reichman, Peter FCD/Legal       914-939-4161    203-719-0276    917-417-8914 Knight, Linda   CRM/HR/Market Risk      203-438-5397    203-719-4681    917-848-7251  KEY SPECIALIST CONTACTS WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20 Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other Raman, Kumar    Immigration             212-891-7515 Digiacomo, Larry        Reloction/Int'l Assignees       203-248-4560    203-719-4686    203-696-8646 Hart, Tracy     Compensation Policies   203-358-9687    203-719-4688 Raimondi, Vince Benefits        203-563-0535    203-719-0656    203-563-0535  HOUSTONIAN HOTEL        713-680-2626 War Room - Magnolia Room 
 The way you set up the portfolio is very confusing.   Why not have two portfolios:  1) Enron - Restricted (all stock with a $0 basis in this portfolio - should be $400k+) 2) Enron - Options (all ENE stock options - gain/loss column will show intrinsic value)  Thanks. 
 After setting up the portfolio, please customize the view to show the most relevant data.  Thanks. 
 Yes, I think we should make a formal break.   We have separate accountability for retail gen (wholesale plus ancillaries), and I think reg gen plus T&D should have separate accountability as well. 
 We have made great returns on the front of the curve and the back of the curve.   We have significant Cal 02 through Cal 05 positions, that have provided solid profitability.  It is completely inaccurate to say we have made all of our money on the front of the curve. 
 In addition, make sure we understand the steam obligation and it's effect on dispatch flexibity and heat rate.  It appears the 8000 Heat Rate is assuming above market steam sales are buying down the heat rate.   Solar turbines in combined cycle (without a steam sale credit) would usually have a heat rate around 10,000 Btu/kwh.  The lower heat rate is probably predicated on providing 24 hour steam, which means less dispatch flexibility and producing off-peak energy at a loss.  Make sure we are modeling these dynamics properly. 
 I am trying to customize the view and I keep getting an error.   Can you check into this problem.  I want the view for both portfolios to be:		Open Date Quantity Purchase Price Last Price Cost Basis Market Value Gain/Loss Gain/Loss%  Can you make this the default view setting.  thanks. 
 You got it.  I'm learning.   I hope this translates in P instead of L. 
 Thanks. 
 The $5 million is strictly an internal trading #, and is irrelevant from an acct. standpoint.   We can ignore it for the DASH. 
 Do I need to attend.  If so, please put on my calender. 
 Remove. 
 Calender. 
 Approved. 
 You have the latitude to put your key people under contract.   Edith was very clear when I talked to her that she wanted to transition into a marketing role where she would interact directly with customers. 
 I concur.   You know we are likely selling New Albany this week and I am assuming ENA's premium obligation can be terminated in the event of the sale of the asset. 
 Your kidding right?   What's the term?   Remember, I only agreed to the terms for 2001 only. 
 With respect to the flight to Ft. Lauderdale on 9/13, can you see if Steve or Continental can improve our row 25 seats to a bulkhead row for both the outgoing and return flights.   Let me know.  Thanks. 
 Agreed. 
 This was not clear and the only thing I agreed to was a premium for 2001. 
 You got it.  I will be in Cabo this weekend with Wolfe's boss (tim belden - my counterpart in the West) and I will talk with him about their real-time trading needs and timing. 
 EPMI purchased 225 MW of Calender 03 NEPOOL ICAP (Installed Capability) from Calpine at $1.35/kW/Mo.   The parties agreed via a recorded phone conversation (Paul Posoli and Kevin Presto) that the LCRA lawsuit would be dropped and neither party would have any further obligations with respect to that lawsuit.  The parties attorneys have 48 hours to agree on lawsuit termination language, at which time the ICAP transaction becomes a binding obligation on both parties.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 I support this.   This wan an oversight on our part. 
 You didn't attach anything. 
 Joe will get promoted at year-end.   Associates are not eligible until 18 months of service.   We placed Joe in Superior. 
 Has East Power recognized the 750k refund? 
 Yes, I am very busy today.   I will get back with you tommorow or Friday. 
 I'm not doing this interview.   I told Dave Duran we have no interest, and I'm not going to waste my time on this individual. 
 Short and sweet.   I like it.   You will have to sell your competitiveness and work ethic, because you bring zero experience and your resume reflects that. 
 I will talk with Belden this weekend and I'll get back with you on next step. 
 Can you show me on an Ameren transmission map exactly where this project is. 
 Greg works for Enron North America Wholesale Services (he is Vice President in West Power over hourly trading, middle marketing, and services business).  You got em. 
 Please call Bill Rust  x33801 reg TVA Jan/Feb Transmission when you get a chance.  Thanks Tjae 
 Below are the assumptions agreed for booking the New Albany spread option:  EPMI East Power Book pays New Albany a fixed demand charge for the next 5 years as follows:  2001 $4.72/k/mo 2002 $4.63/kw/mo 2003 $4.54/kw/mo 2004 $4.45/kw/mo 2005 $4.36/kw/mo  As consideration for the demand charge, EPMI has the right to "toll" gas through the facility and receive power in return at a fixed heat rate conversion factor of 12.5 MMBtu/Mwh.   In addition EPMI will pay New Albany $1000 per start (for maintenance reserve fund) and $1.00/Mwh for variable operating costs.  The New Albany, LLC will receive an 8% return on capital.   Book value will be depreciated from $409/kW basis on 1/1/2001 to $336/kW on 12/31/2005.  The facility output assumption is 360 MW with a 95% availability in the summer and 75% availability in the winter.  Jenny - Please revise the booking of New Albany in Rogers book effective tonight. 
 Could you please come check Kevin Presto TV....he thinks the cable is out of it. Thanks Tjae 
 You can set up the Tv's now per Fletch thanks again,,,,Tjae 
 Below are the EPMI proposed bid/offer spreads for EES.   These are very aggressive markets given the liquidity issues and regulatory uncertainty that still exist in the Eastern Interconnect.   There are no other counterparties in the market that will consistently make the