 Billy,  We will try to make it to the party.  Right now its about 50/50 whether we will make it.  It we do not make it enjoy yourselves otherwise we will see you then.  Dick 
 Bill,  I already have the number for Mr. Osburn.  Thanks,  Richard 
 Kay,  Here is the information that we discussed.  I will work with you on this regarding renewable energy.  Richard 
 Chris,  I have reviewed the Confirmation Letter and have the following comments and/or questions: PREAMBLE PARAGRAPH ONE Company name should be Riverside County Waste Management Department.  PREAMBLE PARAGRAPH TWO There are various references to "this SC Agreement", which is not a defined term anywhere; should the reference to "this SC Agreement" really mean "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement"?  ARTICLE 2 SECTION 2.1 has a reference to SCE1 which appears to be different that the reference to the Delivery Point, which is defined as SP-15? SECTION 2.2 has a reference to to Attachment 1and there is no Attachment 1. SECTION 2.4 (v) was deleted and SECTION 2.4 (vi) was renumbered as SECTION 2.4 (v). SECTIOM 2.4 (v) indicates that the Index Price shall be the Dow Jones Index NP-15; why is this the case when earlier in SECTION 2.1 the Delivery Point is defined as SP-15?  The last sentence indicates a name of "Hanson" which I believe should really be "RCWMD". SECTION 2.5 again has reference to "this SC Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement".  Also, there is a reference to "RCWMD's usage", shouldn't the terminology in the case of this contract be "production" and "deliveries"?  ARTICLE 3 SECTION 3.1 should have the following added to the beginning of the sentence "RCWMD". SECTION 3.2 again refers to terminology "energy deliveries and usage" which I believe should be "energy production and deliveries".  ARTICLE 4 SECTION 4.2 refers to "consumed" which I believe should be "delivered" or "produced". SECTION 4.5 has a reference to Attachment 2 and there is no Attachment 2.  There is again a reference to "receive" and "consume" which should probably be "deliver" and "consume". SECTIOM 4.7 refers to "Term Purchase", which is not a defined term, at least in the Confirmation Letter.  There is also a reference to Exhibit A and there is no Exhibit A; we previously referred to Attachments rather than Exhibits so we need to make sure that we are consistent.  ARTICLE 5 SECTION 5.1 contains language regarding Scheduling Coordination services, is this fee normal and did you intend for it to be included in this contract.  ARTICLE 6 SECTION 6.1 contains reference to "this SC Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement". SECTION 6.2 contains reference to "this Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement". SECTION 6.6 contains reference to "this Agreement", which I believe should be "this Confirmation Letter" or "this Master Agreement". SECTION 6.8 contains reference to "Schdule ____", which appears to be absent.  When you get this e-mail lets talk about the comments.  I would like to have a conference call with Riverside on Wednesday October 31st.  Regards,  Richard 
  Peggy,  Pursuant to our telephone conversation attached is the letter from Edward McKenna, ISO-NE, and a copy of the Protocal for the Initiation of Membership Termination Proceedings.  Richard 
 Stacey, =20 Elliot and I would like to discuss a few issues with you regarding the MS R= PS Comments.  What time do you think that you will have to discuss? =20 =20 <http://www.energy.ca.gov/renewables/documents/index.html#greenpower> =20 =20 =20 F-1:  Need to require that all current renewable facilities, including all = current existing boimass facilities are certified prior to the start date R= PS =20 F-5:  Not sure that I understand the issue surrounding compliance on a prod= uct level - let's discuss =20 F-7:  While we are very pleased with the Division's inclusion of banking, w= e do not understand the need to restrict the limit on how much Supplier's a= re allowed to bank as the shelf life for Renewable Energy Credits is alread= y limited to the two compliance periods immediately following.  We would al= so ask that you not limit the ability for Suppliers to transfer banked Rene= wable Energy Credits during the allowed compliance periods.  We feel that t= he Division should encourage as much liquidity as possible in the Renewable= Energy Credit market.  We understand the Division's concern regarding tran= sferable banking and potential problems with market power, however, we feel= that the GIS Administrator is charged with closely monitoring potential ma= rket power situations.  We would prefer that the Renewable Energy Credit ma= rket be allowed to operate as indicated above from the beginning and if it = is determined that market power issues exist then appropriate changes to th= e market can and should be implemented.  We feel that markets operate best = with few restrictions. =20 =20 F-9: Section 4. Not sure I understand the difference between the percentage= of sales versus the actual MWh's - let's discuss =20 F-9: Section 5. Not sure that this language makes sense - let's discuss=20 
 Rogers,  Enron Energy Services, Inc. ("EESI") submitted application to become a NEPO= OL member, to be effective January 1, 2000.  EESI was approved by the NEPOO= L Participants Membership Subcommittee at its January 24, 2000 meeting.  On= e requirement of NEPOOL membership is to satisfy the Financial Assurance Po= licy for NEPOOL Members.  EESI, Enron Energy Marketing Corp, and Enron Powe= r Marketing, Inc. are all members of NEPOOL and have chosen to satisfy the = Financial Assurance Policy by issuance of Performance Bond(s), rather than = corporate guaranty, due to Enron's disagreement with the Form of Corporate = Guaranty required by NEPOOL.  EESI, via Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, issued a Performance Bond in th= e amount of $8,000,000 in June 2000; the Performance Bond was reissued in J= une 2001 in the amount of $8,000,000.  EESI received a letter from ISO New = England dated October 10, 2001, addressed to Becky Pitre (EESI Settlements)= and received by Becky probably October 12, 2001, indicating that EESI's cu= rrent Performance Bond was insufficient and that EESI needed to increase th= e amount to $11,703,018.75 to cover EESI's current activity level.  Becky d= elivered the October 10th letter  to my attention whereby I took the letter= to EESI Legal Department (Karen Cordova) and informed Karen that EESI need= ed to increase the Performance Bond to $20,000,000.  Karen requested Credit= Department (Nichole Gunter) initiate an increase in the Performance Bond t= o the $20,000,000 level; to the best of my knowledge the initial conversati= on with Credit Department was October 12, 2001.  In telephone conversations= with ISO-NE, Enron's Credit Department personnel were informed by ISO-NE t= hat in order to avoid Financial Assurance Default the matter needed to be r= esolved within ten (10) days of the date of the October 10, 2001 letter (Oc= tober 19, 2001), however the letter did not indicate such.=20  I was notified by Credit Department on October 16, 2001 that the bond compa= ny Enron utilizes for performance bond(s) would not process our Performance= Bond request for increase until Enron paid the bond company for outstandin= g invoices for "other" performance bonds (bond  renewals), approximately $1= 50,000.  The "other" performance bond invioces had been bounced around EESI= , since June 2001, to various individuals (i.e. Greg Sharp, Mark Mueller, J= eff Golden, Scott Mills) and had still remained unpaid.  Payments for the "= other" performance bonds were made and the bond company processed our reque= st for increase in the EESI NEPOOL Performance Bond to $20,000,000, which w= as issued by the bond company on October 23, 2001, executed by EESI on Octo= ber 23, 2001 and forwarded via FAX and Overnight Mail to ISO-NE on October = 23, 2001.  EESI was unable to comply with the October 19, 2001 deadline to = resolve the Financial Assurance Default due to complications with the bond = company as mentioned above.  Credit Department personnel informed ISO-NE pe= rsonnel that EESI would not meet the October 19, 2001 deadline, but was wor= king diligently to resolve the matter; Credit Department personnel sent via= FAX, a copy of the request to the bond company for revisions to the Perfor= mance Bond to ISO-NE personnel on October 19, 2001. =20  I notified Dan Allegretti, (Enron Government Affairs & Chariman, NEPOOL Par= ticipants Committee) of the entire situation prior to October 19, 2001.  Da= n indicated that he did not think there would be any problems, but to get t= he matter resolved as quickly as possible. Dan advised me that the implicat= ions of the Financial Assurance Default would result in communications to t= he Membership Subcommittee and that when the next letter was published, the= following month, EESI would no longer be listed as being in default.  On O= ctober 19, 2001 another letter was sent to Becky Pitre (EESI Settlements) f= rom Edward McKenna, Vice President & Chief Financial Officer informing EESI= that "Enron Energy Services, Inc. has not maintained the required level of= financial assurance for 10 days or more, and has had a total combination o= f 3 financial assurance and/or payment defaults in the last 12 months, whic= h qualifies them as having 2 (two) Level 1 defaults.  The ISO has been in c= ontact with Enron Energy Services, Inc. through multiple telephone communic= ations, and to date the financial assuvance default has not been cured.  Th= erefore, per the established procedure, we are forwarding this information = to the NEPOOL Membership Subcommittee for action by them."  According to Da= n Allegretti the Memberhsip Subcommittee reports to him, as Chariman of the= Members Subcommittee, and he would discuss the issue with them.  The previ= ous two Financial Assurance Defaults mentioned the October 19, 2001 letter = occurred (i) December 2000, when payment was received 1-2 days late and was= automatically resolved when payment was received and (ii) September 2001, = when Financial Assurance Default occurred and was resolved through market a= ctivity.  To the best of my knowledge, EESI was unaware of either the Decem= ber 2000 Payment Default or the September 2001 Financial Assurance Default,= and no information was received by EESI from ISO-NE relative to either inc= idence.  According to (i) Protocal for the Initation of Membership Termination Proce= edings and (ii) conversations with Dan Allegretti, the issue should be reso= lved with the receipt on October 24, 2001 of the Performance Bond by ISO-NE= .  I have also advised the ISO-NE, in the future, to send communications to= EESI's Credit Department and not EESI's Settlements.  Also, Dan Allegretti= is investigating the facts leading the the October 19, 2001 letter with re= presentatives from ISO-NE.  I left message for Molly Harris as you requested. I was able to speak to De= nise Furey and Nichole Gunter, who both indicated that they would speak wit= h Molly as they all work together. =20  Let me know if you need any additional information.  Richard =20  =20 
  Alex,  Let me know if you need any assistance.  Richard 
 Elliot,  Attached based on our discussions.  Richard 
 Christy,  I will call you in the morning to arrange time to get together.  Richard 
 Jennifer,  Attached is an e-mail from Peter @ Riverside Waste County Management regarding Enron Energy Services, Inc's payment of invoices prior to September 2001.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Richard 
 Rogers,  I will be on vacation Thursday December 27th and Friday December 28th.  I can be reached via pager at 888.620.2373.  Richard 
 Rogers,  I will be out of the office on Friday January 4th ("Discretionary Holiday").  Richard 
 Suneet,  It was good to be able to speak with you today and it nice to hear that everything is going so well for you.  Anyway, attached is the public information from PJM eCapacity that we discussed today.  Let me know if I can do anything else.  Dick 
 Vivian,  Thanks for your assistance.  Richard 
 Suneet,  Don't forget to send your resume when you get the opportunity.  Thanks,  Dick 
 Chris,  Attached is my mark-up of the Riverside Waste County Management Department Confirmation Letter for your review.  After you get an opportunity to review please contact me and we can discuss prior to "proposed" conversation with Riverside on Wednesday October 31st.  Regards,  Richard 
 Chris,  Kathleen Croissett, Enron Wind Development Company, had contacted me asking me whether or not the agreement(s) were terminated.  EESI did not terminate the agreement(s) and EESI had not received any termination notices from Green Power Partners which is why I was trying to find out from you what you knew regarding the delivery of power from such facilities.  Late Friday I received a call from Lisa Pitts, Enron Wind Development Corp, however she did particularly say what she wanted.  I did leave a voice mail message for Lisa Pitts, however as of yet have not received a call back from her.  Richard 
 Dung,  Congratulations,  Both Natalia and you look like very proud and happy parents.  Dick 
 The Agreements between Enron Energy Services, Inc. and Green Power Partners I LLC, are for a term endinging December 31, 2002.  The Agreement between Fetzer Vineyards and Enron Energy Services, Inc. is for a term ending April 30, 2002.  The Agreement between Lost Arrow, Inc. (Patagonia) and Enron Energy Services, Inc. is for a term ending December 31, 2002.  Additionally,  Enron Energy Services, Inc. has entered into various agreement(s) with Enron Power Marketing, Inc. to sell additional "green tickets" from the Greeen Power Partners I LLC facilities in California:  EESI sells to EPMI, 1MW ATC, through December 31, 2001 (EPMI sells to EEMC) EPMI sells to EEMC, 1MW ATC, through June 30, 2003 EESI sells to EPMI, 21 MW's, Sundays Off Peak, through December 31, 2002 (EPMI sells to LADWP) EESI sells to EPMI, 14 MW's, Sundays ATC, through December 31, 2002 (EPMI sells to LADWP)  I do not know for sure how whether or not EPMI still plans to deliver to EEMC and/or LADWP, however if they plan to continue these sales and depending on our decision relative to Fetzer Vineyards and/or Lost Arrow, Inc. (Patagonia), we may want to keep the Green Power Partners I LLC Agreement alive.  I have discussed the EPMI deals with LADWP with Chris Foster, EPMI Portland Office and am currently awaiting an answer from Chris as to the current status with LADWP.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Richard Ring 
  There was a problem with this message previously.  I was not sure who received it previously therefore I have sent again. 
 Personal Information:  Richard Ring 8002 Bromley Drive Houston, TX  77055 713.722.8057 (Unlisted Number) 
 Jennifer,  Attached are two files (i) PDF File of December 2001 NYISO Bill and (ii) Excel file with December 2001 NYISO Invoice detail.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Regards,  Richard 
 No problem. 
 Guys,  Mike wanted me to forward this message to you both.  Dick 
 Phil,  Seeing you today in the Energizer today reminded me that I owed you an e-mail with Candy Bywater's telephone number.  Here it is!  Candy Bywaters 832.668.1135 
 Kay,  Based on our conversation it looks like Kinko's would be interested in purchasing approximately 8,800 MWh's per year for a three year term (approximately 26,500 MWh's) over the term of the deal.  Our offer price for Texas Renewable Energy Credits (sourced from within the State of Texas) would remain at $6.00 MWh.  Richard 
   I made a tee time on Saturday January 26th at Fox Creek at 9:30am.  Let me know if you are interested. 
  Stacey,  I enjoyed visiting with you at lunch.  Enron, as we once knew it, is not the same without you.  Here is the URL address for the Hewitt Associates LLC, Enron's Savings Plan Administrator that I promised http://resources.hewitt.com/enron/  The telephone number for Hewitt Associates LLC is 1.800.332.7979.  Take care.  Richard 
 Deb,  Attached is a spreadsheet that shows my analysis of the Enron Wind Development Corp (Green Power Partners) contract(s).  The asumptions contained in the analysis assume that the following contracts remain in effect through December 31, 2002:  EESI's sale agreement with Lost Arrow, Inc. (Green Power Partners) and Patagonia EESI's sale to EPMI for resale to EEMC (1MW ATC) EESI's sale to EPMI for resale to LADWP(1) (21MW Sundays Off Peak) EESI's sale to EPMI for resale to LADWP(2) (14MW Sundays ATC) EESI's sale to various retail small commercial customers and Fetzer Vineyards  Let me know if you need any additional information.  Richard 
 =20  --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Elliott,  I am not sure how long I will remain at the current location, but my work address is 1401 Smith Stree, Enron Center South, #06183.  Richard 
 Peter,  The name of the Enron Attorney that you can have your attorney call is Mike D. Smith, 713.853.9503.  Mr. Smith is going to be out of the office for at least one week after today so I suggest that you have your Attorney attempt to contact him today.  Hope this helps.  Regards,  Richard 
 Mike,  Andy and I plan to attend.  See you then.  Dick 
   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Mike,  The "deal" is between EESI and Riverside County Waste Management Department (RCWMC) is dated April 17, 2000 and the term commenced on Sepetmber 1, 2000 and ending on September 1, 2010.  Based on our bankruptcy filing RCWMD stopped delivery of power on December 6, 2001; RCWMD invoiced EESI for power production for September 2001, 0ctober 2001 and November 2001.  I do not know if they were ever paid by EESI.  I do not know of any invoice for the first six days of December 2001.  EESI (myself) and EPMI (Chris Foster) were in the process of renegotiating the above referenced agreement with the plan for EPMI to take over the purchase of power and scheduling services with EESI being the purchaser of the "green tickets"  from EPMI associated with the power production.  There were some major issues to overcome in the renegotiation regarding the "fixed price", "volume committments" and "penalties".  I do not know who, if anyone, is currently looking at this agreement to make any kind of determination EESI's and/or EPMI's desires for the future of this agreement.  RCWMD sent various letters dated December 10, 2001, December 13, 2001, and January 8, 2002 requesting response from EESI.  The December 10, 2001 letter indicates that RCWMD considers the agreement terminated effective December 2, 2001.  I had previously spoke to you about this agreement in December 2001.  It is my opinion that we should not continue this agreement and we should consider RCWMD's offer to terminate the agreement with the exchange of the non-performance panalties for the termination payment.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Regards,  Richard 
 Mike,  The agreement covers multiple projects; to date there is only one project that has come on line.  For the one project that has come on line during the non-performance penalty could be in the range of $150,000 to $640,000, depending on the resoultion of the "effective online date" for said project.  The non-performance penalty was our strongest negotiating point in the ongoing effort to restructure the agreement as there is a potential for penalties for each project for each year of the contract.  The agreement contained some fundamenal flaws in order to be able to book the mark-to-market for the agreement.  I do not have a good handle of the "early termination payment" except to say that there are approxmiately 390,500 MWh's.  The average contract "fixed price" is $33.10 MWh.  I would need to find out what the nine year fixed price from the power curves is to estimate but my best stab would be to estimate the nine year fixed price to be $25.00 MWh which would result in "early termination payment" of approximately $3,200,000 ((390,500*33.10) - (390,500*25.00)).  Richard 
 Elliot,  Total annual MWh's is approximately 8,800.  Richard 
 Mike,  What's your fax number? 
 Its on the way. 
 Tina,  Please let me know when the move to ECN is expected to take place as I will be out of the office Feb 6th thru Feb 8th.  Thanks,  Richard 
   --------- Inline attachment fol