 Linda had no contact with Treasury...she will check around in early a:m. -------------------------- Rick S. 
 The Following are our  recommended changes to the agreement( I would also like to discuss the waiver of conflicts section with you):  Page 2, item (3) should read "The payment of a "project fee" of $175,000 upon the achievement of each milestone described in Exhibit A to this letter.  Item (4) should read "The payment of a "project fee" equal to 2% of the project's total cost upon the achievement of the milestone described in Exhibit B to this letter.  Exhibit A should read as follows:  Individual milestones subject to "project fee" payments:  1. With respect to Haywood Power I, L.L.C. ("Haywood Power"), the abandonment by the Tennessee Valley Authority ("TVA") of its proposed 320 MW expansion of its Haywood County, Tennessee facility ("Lagoon Creek"), which results in Haywood Power being allowed by TVA to interconnect into an existing 500kV open bus position in the Lagoon Creek substation. Achievement of this milestone shall be evidenced by the interconnection specifications set forth in an Interconnection Agreement between TVA and Haywood Power, and the milestone shall be deemed to be achieved upon execution of said Interconnection Agreement.  2. With respect to Haywood Power, the decision by TVA to eliminate the Network Upgrade related to the reactive power requirements as set forth in Haywood Power's System Impact Study, presently estimated at a total cost of $5 million.  Achievement of this milestone shall be evidenced by the Network Upgrade requirements set forth in an Interconnection Agreement between TVA and Haywood Power, and the milestone shall be deemed to be fully achieved upon execution of said Interconnection Agreement to the extent such Network Upgrade cost is eliminated. To the extent that such Network Upgrade cost is less than $5 million, but greater than zero, a pro rata portion of the $175,000 project fee shall be paid.  3. With respect to Calvert City Power I, L.L.C. ("Calvert"), the elimination of TVA's present requirement for Calvert to pay for a Network Upgrade consisting of the construction of a new 30 mile 500kV transmission line from Cumberland to Montgomery. Achievement of this milestone shall be deemed to occur upon (i) Calvert having determined in its sole and absolute discretion that the overall project economics of its 510 MW generation facility are viable, and (ii) execution of an Interconnection Agreement between TVA and Calvert.  Exhibit B should read as follows:  The development and construction of a generating facility in cooperation with or partnership with certain distributors of the TVA (a "Development Project"). Any such Development Project shall initially be proposed by Wyatt or Sideview Partners, Inc.exclusively  to Enron. Enron shall have thirty(30) days to make a determination as to whether to proceed with any proposed Development Project. Enron shall not have any obligation to proceed with any Development Project. At such time as all definitive agreements related to the Development Project have been executed, the Development Project shall be deemed to be an approved Development Project (an "Approved Project"). For purposes of payment of the project fee, the milestone shall be deemed to be achieved, for Approved Projects only, 50% upon the commencement of construction of the Approved Project, and 50% upon commencement of commercial operation of the Approved Project. For the avoidance of doubt, a project fee shall not be payable for any Development Project unless it becomes an Approved Project as defined herein. 
 I heard more about Viviana before I left London last week and apparently her concern she was'nt being properly guided or mentored- despite her apparent current performance and your  lack of time, I think we do owe her an action plan at mid-year at the latest and a decent opportunity to redeem herself. Please let me know how I can be of assistance. Thanks. 
 If this is who( Governor Davis) DGA and NDN chooses to support despite the fact that his lack of leadership has imposed  incalcuble pain and costs on California,  please remove me from your e-mail and any other  lists from here forward. Thank you. 
 Do we still want this? 
 I'm leaving at 1 o'clock- I don't know if that works or not. 
 Looks fine,  except it should read Government   in heading rather than "=20 governtal. Thanks. 
 It is critical to our nation's energy future  to achieve robust competition in wholesale power markets in order to ensure that electricity can move most effectively from where it is produced to where it is most needed. To that end, this Administration will strongly encourage the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission( FERC)  to actively exercise jurisdiction over all aspects of electricity transmission in interstate commerce and place all uses of the grid under the same rates, terms, and conditions.  This jurisdiction must also be extended by Congress to cover non-FERC jurisdictional power authorities. 
 Thanks 
 Could each of you get me by next Friday( May 18,2001) a list of the top 5 priorities for each of your respective areas....and, if, possible, a consensus document reflecting the top 8-10 priorities for the entire group? A brief description of each of the priorities would be appreciated with an attempt to quantify, where possible, the value associated with each of the priorities( either value potentially created or loss of value avoided). Thanks. 
 One additional point I should have mentioned on last e-mail...While it was good to spend this visit exclusively in the office, I want to find additional ways to contribute to the group during my future stays in the London office. If there are meetings outside the office, with regulators or others, where I could be of value, please let me know. I will try to give as much advance notice as possible of future stays in Europe. I'm feeling my way through this new role  and will be looking to the four of you for guidance, b