 Angela -  The value proposition for a customer is related to which buckets of cost would be bypassed by switching to DA.  If a customer goes DA after August 24, 2001 (based on the discussion about surcharges in the legislation that has only passed the Assembly Energy Committee last night - with still a very low probability of success of being signed by the Governor), the customer would pay for SCE undercollection (PG&E isn't being discussed on this piece), DWR bond costs, and DWR net unavoidable.   The hardest piece to calculate - which Belden said on the last call he simply couldn't given the tremendous uncertainty - is the DWR net unavoidable.  If the customer has been DA since July 1, the customer could avoid the DWR net unavoidable (but the legislation could change or not pass and the CPUC could do something else).  Each customer needs to appreciate this latest information and make a determination about what these amounts will be - the key question I'd ask a customer is that they need to try and keep their options open.  Of course, all of this assumes that the CPUC doesn't go back and suspend DA even earlier than July 1 or something else crazy happens - remember this is California.  Jim 
 For the Monthly Update. 
 On coalitions, I was thinking about other market participants.  Agreed that= Cinergy could be the vehicle.  Also, maybe make an informal presentation t= o FERC before any filing, etc.  Jim 
 FYI.  These bills are currently moving through the California Legislature.  Not sure if the bills will be signed into law.  Please call with any questions.  From my quick glance, only good news is that it appears that the Windfall Profits Tax would not apply to retail contracts in effect on date of enactment.  Jim 
 Bryan -  Pls include on the Monthly update.  Jim 
 ???? 
 Lisa --  Rick Shapiro has offered to present.  I think that we can work up some presentation for 45 minutes.  Let's discuss soon the details. It is on his calendar.  Jim 
 The latest information we have -- President Lynch of the CPUC said today that the vote on suspending DA would be taken tomorrow.  Proposed Decision remains at suspending as of July 1.  There is still a possibility that the CPUC will hold this vote.  In addition, there continues to be a legislative fix that could override this decision.  Please call with any questions.  Jim 
 Fine.  Jim 
 Michele & Rick --  Please see the note below.  It is critical for you to call your clients (Ja= ck in the Box/Burger King and Wendy's) to try and convince them to push the= ir industry lobbyist to ask for a change in the date.  Call me at 713-853-7673 or 713-851-2499 (cell) to discuss. =20  Thanks,  Jim 
 I've asked Sue Mara to try and develop through AReM some form of legal action that the industry could file if the CPUC goes through with its current plans to retroactively suspend DA as of July 1.  Our goal should be to file tomorrow evening (assuming CPUC action).  To make sure that we are on board, it probably makes sense to have a phone call to discuss the draft sometime tomorrow early afternoon (1pm PST?).  I will leave it to Sue Mara to arrange with the people on this e-mail a conference call to discuss the draft.  My choice would be to not have Enron file the paper, but rather work through AReM.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Christi --  I am comfortable with trying to settle.  I hate that this new Commission has to litigate this case.  It is important, however, that we focus FERC staff on the broader policy changes necessary throughout the industry and not just on Entergy's tariff.  Jim 
 I think that California needs to make a final decision on whether it wants competitive markets or not.  I wonder if PURPA has anything to say about meeting incremental Utility needs and what that does to the CDWR contracts?  I don't see Enron getting engaged in this quagmire unless there is a clear business reason.  Jim 
 Rick --  Any insight into this statement about Whalley and Frevert?  I'm guessing that this is just Lay's vision of what is now impacting our company?  Appreciate your thoughts?  Jim   Lay wasn't more specific about the two men's assignments. ``They'll be looking at all of the businesses -- the wholesale unit, government affairs. Anything that affects Enron,'' Lay said. 
 Hi Sweetie --  Out here in California.  Trying to rally support for competition.  Hope you and Grace are having a good day.  I love you,  Jim 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 David --  Here is some info the Windfall Profits.  Jennifer can keep you updated.  Jim 
 Please review first section.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 no. =20 
 Please include Becky Cantrell in this meeting.  Jim 
 Your call. 
  FYI 
 I would probably utilize either EPSA or WPTF to make the filing.  This is an attack on the competitive generation industry and better to not have Enron point any fingers at a key "potential" customer.  Jim 
 FYI 
 When: Tuesday, October 30, 2001 12:00 PM-1:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Can you make this phone call?  Susan is on vacation. 
 When: Tuesday, October 30, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  I'll be on the call.  You guys are of course welcome.  My thought is that we need to push EPSA to do something on this.  Jim 
 I will be attending.  I'll cover.  Jim 
 They are active throughout the West - mainly California.  We can use them.  Both are good.  Jim 
 Kevin --  Last update that I know about for CDWR costs.  If Sue or Jeff know of later $ figures, please advise Kevin.  Also, my understanding was that the CPUC simply disallowed the CDWR from having straight passthru without review.  They may get to charge 100% of these dollars, but needs CPUC approval.  Jim 
  Let's set up the meetings.  Don't you think?  Jim 
 thanks for sending this out.  Jim 
 I haven't processed a bill. 
 FYI. 
 Thanks for getting the info to Keeney.  Jim 
 I don't know if we need to do anything.  Seems like they are just acquiring= the MAIN facilities, not market design material.  Have you spoken to anyon= e at ARTO to inquire?  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Linda --  Have you heard anything from DOE on this??  Jim 
 It will be difficult to understand the impact of our credit decline on a per transaction basis.  It is probably sufficient to communicate with the Credit department (under Bill Bradford) for wholesale and the EWS Services Group (under Evan Hughes) for retail.  I spoke with Evan Hughes and he is going to have CSC run a report of the tariff obligations.  He will send the info to me and I'll forward to Amr Ibrahim.  Thanks. 
 Marcus N. says that everything is done on our emergency project this morning.  Sam Behrens will write an opinion letter to allow the move without the need for a 203 filing and everything else is in place.  Steve Montovano has/is confirming that in PA, OH, and NJ there are no outstanding tax or regulatory matters.  We probably want to put in place an update to Clinton's MBR that would allow for A/S trading.  Should we just have Sam do that work??  Jim 
 Tom --  I received a call today from the CPUC (came through the main Enron number) - a CPUC staffer named Joyce at 415-703-2199 (no one was interested in giving the last names).  Someone named Dan at the Quail Ridge Research Station (7001 Hwy 128 Napa, CA 94558) called the CPUC to complain that he was inappropriately switched from PG&E to Enron.  It's a strange situation - the Universities own the bldg and land but a Trust pays the bills.  He says that "the facility isn't anywhere near the campus."  The PG&E account number is ZNL8242005.  His phone number is 503-752-0873.  I told him that we would look into this and get back by end of business Thursday.  The CPUC staffer is Joyce at 415-703-2199 (no one was interested in giving the last names).  My guess is that UC/CSU listed this account on a switch request but didn't ask Dan.  What should we do??  Jim 
 =20 
 Fine.  People are shocked.  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you also please process Jose's documents?  Jim 
 FYI.  Do we need to communicate this to the trading / logistics groups?  Jim 
 Gloria --  I wanted to make sure that our License in TX allows us to use e-signatures?  EES is opening a pilot.  Jim 
 Marcus --  I would recommend that Enron not do anything to modify the Clinton MBR tariff at FERC right now.  It may make sense for Sam Behrens to work up a "clean up" filing to be ready to go upon any action.  Pls give me a call if you want to discuss or would like us to take a different approach.  Jim 
 Here are some thoughts from me.  Jim 
 Lara --  I would think that Alan Comnes would be good (if he can make it) to go.  Jim 
 FYI.  Who are they hiring as lobbyists?  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Scott --  Good to hear you were ok.  Let us know if you need anything.  I'm stuck in DC right now and trying to get home.  Jim 
 Leslie --  It's my understanding that Janine is just reviewing the Eastern US.  If I'm wrong, Janine please correct me.  Thanks 
 Let's sit down at 5pm to discuss.  Jim 
 Maggie --  You may want to attend - Global Markets?  Jim 
 Amr --  Not for us to contact the ISOs about our Material change.  Jim 
 Great job!!!! 
 FYI. 
 Thanks.  Appreciate the quick response.  Jim 
 How about 10am Tuesday?? 
 FYI. 
 ok. 
 Leslie --  Did any of the gas commercial people respond?  Also, any communications from ENA and Barry T. on this?  Jim 
 Great. 
 let's discuss at 5pm 
 I don't think that Govt Affairs should do anything on this (and not sure if there is anything to do). 
 I'd say 6 pm at Daily Review or Marks.  What does everyone think?  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Guillermo --  Looks good to me.  I'll discuss with Amr to ensure his agreement.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Having this e-mail on the agenda for the upcoming meeting is very helpful.  Jim 
 Sue --  My thoughts on the filing.  1.    Pretty hard line with Comm Wood.  I don't have any problems with it as written, but comments like "CYA not Calif Youth Admin" is not appropriate. 2.    We don't deal with the requirement to submit contracts?  Should AReM address this?  My understanding is that for contracts with customers below 20kw we need to submit something (maybe with the price and term blacked-out)?  Is this correct? 3.    In the conclusion, don't we want to ask the PUC to take some affirmative action - tell the industry that they will never implement retroactive suspension, that their is no cost shifting, and that DA customers can extend without penalty?  The filing simply asks for no harm.  Thanks,  Jim 
 The PPO - Power Purchase Option - is a unique program based on the IL restructuring law.  Texas has no analogous service.  I agree with your statement that we don't need an RTO, we need to fix the physical retail transmission rules.  It's important to keep consistent messages.  Jim 
 Thanks for our new model.  Pls let me know how it is going.  Jim 
 Lisa --  I appreciate your note greatly.  While we didn't always win, we did always give the other side the fight of their lives.  Electricity markets in the Mid-atlantic (and throughout the country) are better for the work you did over the last few years.  Best of luck in your future plans.  I'm sure that we will talk again, and often.  Take care,  Jim 
 I agree that we are losing money.  That's not the reason for getting out of this case.  What is the upside?  Even if we win, we are only forcing FERC to reconsider at some later time.  Is this really the best strategy?  Jim 
 Here are my thoughts.  I have to be honest, I'm struggling with the Transco / RTO split.  Jim 
 Luiz --  I don't think that I'll send this given the current direction of the PUC to move forward with TX.  I do think that these points are important and maybe Jean R. can get them in verbally as appropriate.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Yes, but I think we may lose that rating.  What is the impact if that were to occur?  Seems like we should (a) identify our situation given today's environment and (b) identify the impact of one further downgrade.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Janine -  Ok for you to cover the whole country.  I had forgotten our discussions.  Please discuss NM and AZ with Leslie Lawner.  Jim 
 Here are my thoughts / issues with the EPSA paper:  1.	The EPSA paper indicates the preferred option of the 5 models that FERC Staff proposed.  Should EPSA at least indicate that it stands ready to analyze other solutions that may be proposed?  Gives EPSA an "out" of this recommendation if it proves later that FERC's application of the Delivered Price Test is unworkable.  2.	 I don't understand when EPSA says "Our recommendation, therefore entails a more stringent method of assessing market power" on page 2 of the draft?  Why should EPSA indicate that it is comfortable with a 20% Economic Capacity test to FERC.  I would argue that 35% is the minimum we should entertain as an opening position.  Also, is there a fear that a power marketer would have to meet this test in "real-time"?  Having a once and done for three year application is ok, but if we are conditioned that we can't get beyond 20% in any market, what does this do to trading and how would this be reported?  3.	  The discussion on Available Economic Capacity and its implication for having a "bias against new entry" is confusing.  Maybe we should clairfy our concerns.  4.	The argument that ALL new generation is by definition pro-competitive needs to be strengthened.  It should be explained in the context of the Delivered Price Test.  Also, it that still true if a party which holds 100 MW in a 500 MW market builds a 100 MW power plant - now 200 MW in a 500 MW market?  Maybe I am missing something.  5.	EPSA needs to make the argument that Conditioning MBR on vague rules is wrong and anti-competitive earlier in the paper.  This is my biggest concern - that we are perpetually subject to some refund risk when the market "breaks" even though our fundamental presence has not changed.  6.	I don't understand the EPSA paper on RTO versus non-RTO markets.  EPSA endorses something but I'm not sure what?  What does this mean if I sell on TVA's network?  I appreciate blanket authority, but I wonder about exactly how this would be constructed?  Would this be similar to the natural gas marketer blanket authority?  Also, doesn't this play into the hands of the transmission monopolists who don't want competition - if they never set up an RTO they never face competition?  Jim 
 I spoke with Ashley yesterday.  Awaiting NG's filing.  No plans right now.  Will keep you in the loop.  Jim 
 FYI 
 I probably shouldn't be so serious, but I think the current situation at Enron has made me less fun.  Jim 
 The $$# is 530MM 
 Yes.  I had called him to set up a meeting.  We talked recently in PA when he told me he was taking the job.  I'll arrange lunch (if everyone wants to) soon.  But don't delay talking with him.  He wants as much help from Enron as possible.  Jim 
 Rick --  We do have an on-going dispute with the PAPUC about our assessment for gas sales.  The charge is $150k.  We are suing with others the PAPUC to argue that we are not a utility and therefore can't get assessed.  Jim 
 Trying to run down the information.  Jim 
 Howard --  Did we deal with the EES letter from NYISO MMU?  Pls let me know.  Jim 
 FYI.  Not sure if we can afford this, but if you think it's helpful let's talk.  Jim 
 Thanks for the info guys.  Jim 
 Resend 
 Do we need to file on the NOPR on Partial Day Recalls??  Will EPSA file?  What position will they take?  Should we talk with Joe Hartsoe about his position?  Jim 
 Got it.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Was the amendment approved by FERC?  Jim 
 FYI.  Will you attend the meeting at FERC?  Jim 
 Fine.  Why not have this as the first element of EISB Wholesale Quadrant??  Jim 
 Ray --  Have you looked at the testimony?  It appears to be hitting the key points.  Is there anything else that we need to be doing to make sure that our case is as strong as possible?  Give me a call.  Jim 
 Not sure.  Probably won't be ready until end of year.  Jim 
 Attached is a summary of the SCE meeting to discuss our Negative CTC claim.  Call if you would like any additional information.  Jim 
 Marchris --  Pls provide John with any further information.  Jim 
 If we do take over this type of role, what issues and information would the NYISO be entitled to?  We are pushing DG and load curtailment very actively.  Jim 
 Melinda --  Let's talk soon.  I want to make sure that you understand all of the implications of this decision.  Jim 
 Alberto --  Pls ask Sue Mara where these stand.  I thought that the FERC didn't approve.  Jim 
 Pls send asap the information to have me submit to Rick.  Thx,  Jim 
 Good to hear from you!!!!  I hope all of your family is well. I was in DC o= n Tuesday am and drove in last night. =20  Jim 
 Rick --  Andy is looking for about $1500 for tuition reimbursement.  I would, if we can afford it, pay this.  I indicated that going forward we could not make any committments but finishing his college would be helpful.  Thoughts?  Jim 
 Sounds good.  Maybe we can employ the Gov one last time before the end of the year to try and message a "workable" solution --  let's just decide what that is (maybe some bare minimums on RTOs)?  Jim 
 Look at this web site  www.southerncompany.com  Go to the section "NEWS & ISSUES" section of the web site.  They compute the cost of moving an electron from New Orleans to NYC.  Jim 
 Rick --  Are you going to put out the new org chart by this Friday?  Jim 
 Howard --  How did this mistake happen?  Does their tariff allow for restatement of prices?  Does this cost the desk $$?  Maybe the NYISO shouldn't be doing this?  Jim 
 Harry -  This is the meeting.  Jim 
 The TX MONTHLY story.  Jim 
 We should inform FERC Enforcement.  No formal filings.  Jim 
  Bill --  Joe Hartsoe (Fed Reg Affairs) got cc: on the demand letter from PJM.  I assume you have the letter.  If not, please let me know - Joe sent me a copy.  Jim 
 I'd say $395 is fair.  Jim 
 No known timeline yet.  I'm still discussing internally.  Jim 
 I would recommend that either Steve or myself call Bittenbender to recommend Kirk House - we met with him on the RTO discussions.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 We are pulling this together and will talk with Marcus Nettleson as appropriate.  Jim 
 I still think that Enron should be advocating some form of Negawatt program= for non-retail access states.  Using an RTP tariff that more closely track= s the wholesale prices from an RTO balancing energy market with locational = signals can be used without any retail access and can have the load respons= e needed to keep prices from skyrocketing - of course this would require a = DA market because the signals need to come in ahead of the usage.  By the way, I disagree that we need a wholesale rate for capacity.  We shou= ld make sure that we put this in our comments on RTO Week.  Jim 
 Great news.  Are there any other MD Commissioners that Ms. McDonald thinks we should visit with?  On the idea of NYISO vs. PJM, I was reading in Restructuring Today yesterday about some elements that NY thought was better than PJM.  I think that we need to "find" three things to give to the NYISO in the development of a single market...allocation of FTRs comes to mind.  I agree that PJM and its staff are the key elements, but maybe getting over this rhetoric will be made easier if we concede that NYISO does something well??  Should we do another round of New England meetings to push our support - with McGreevey winning in NJ, will the NJBPU change its focus?  Jim 
 I am beginning to agree with Dave on Governance - that a for-profit TransCo may not be in our best interest.  Let's talk about how to change the wording.  Jim 
 Wanda --  Can you break out for me the ISO and PX money due?  I need to make sure that our Settlement is consistent with our FERC Refund issues?  Jim 
 I can attend.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Ok.  But let's keep the time and $ minimal.  Jim 
 FERC will be the ultimate decider on Admin Cost Adder, not the IURC.  Not s= ure why this is even in the Settlement except to ensure that IURC won't int= ervene at FERC.  We should not sign based on this information.  Jim 
 Yes 
 We need to ensure that the EDI rules are final and allow Enron to switch billing options early next year (see #2 below).  Let me know if there are any issues.  Jim 
 Are they going to send a new invoice with changed amounts??  Do they know not to do anything going forward?  Jim 
 Also, we should have a talking point response to the NARUC points (would be good to come from EPSA).  Jim 
 After the PHC today, we should have a better feel where the parties are and what the discussions will provide for.  Sue, can you make sure that Jeremy and team have a synopsis and outline of next steps.  Thanks. 
 FYI. 
 Thanks.  If the May 2002 date starts to slip, pls let me know.  Jim 
 Let's discuss this afternoon.  Jim 
 Rick called Lynne Church to discuss maybe having EPSA put out daily "papers" on market issues.  EPSA did this at the FERC RTO Week and it worked very well.  Jim 
 John --  Thanks for the update.  As long as the FERC is fully in control and the ERO is not a "self-regulating" organization, I assume we'd be ok.  The ERO must be fully under the control of FERC.  Jim 
 I didn't say that was ok.  She was to move on Nov 15.  Jim 
 Help as much as you need to.  Jim 
 Harry, Janine, & Bob --  Joe Short works on Project Phoenix (rebooking of old EES deals).  He is interested in any analysis that we may have provided related to the Simon Properties deal with the Master Meter issue.  If anyone has any old files on this, please send his way.  Also, any updates on where we stand (e.g., Ohio court cases) would be good.  We probably need to have a review of our rights and obligations so that we can properly book the deal.  After we get Joe our info, we can regroup to determine next steps.  Thanks.  If anyone has any questions, please call.  Jim 
 Joe --  I forwarded the call from Phil to Bill Bradford and let Kevin Presto know.  If you hear anything else, pls let me know.  Jim 
 Thanks.  I don't think that I want to travel to Europe right now.  Market opportunities are slowing down.  I think that we'll go to Mom's for some time.  You can always come over through the weekend to see Gracie.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks for the update - I'll keep my fingers crossed.  Jim 
 ok. 
 I think that Christi's write up is great.  I've only changed two things.  If anyone has any more changes, please get to Janel ASAP.  Jim 
 Pls let me know.  Jim 
 Sue --  Please work with Diann to determine if their calculations are tariff driven= or simply an internal process of SCE.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks for asking.  This is a very strange place.  Our core trading is doing very well.  It appears that management decided to put some huge bets at the Corporate level without any risk management.  I'm doing very well.  Marianna is expecting our 2nd child next May.  Grace continues to grow and become a little person.  Hope you and your family is doing well.  Jim 
 I didn't know that I was all powerful.... 
 Barbara --  Any decision on the payment?  Jim 
 Just to keep you in the loop on SCE negotiations.  Jim 
 Who will attend and present?  Jim 
 Should we work through AReM?  Jim 
 Amr --  Can we use cash as collateral for PJM??  Jim 
 Can you please add this to the general write-up for each ISO?  Thanks 
 Pls print and have for my NARUC phone call.  Jim 
 Can we move it to 3pm?? 
 FYI 
 thanks 
 Mike --  Ashley Brown called to discuss a meeting with the Stakeholders in Columbus, OH on either Dec 4 or Dec 5.  He would like our participation.  Also, he would like us to let our friends in the industry know about this upcoming meeting.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I think that Enron is interested supporting your idea.  Let's weigh in with appropriate language that counters the below language -  I think that the state-level parties (and the IURC) have an interest in the MISO acknowledging that it is an Indiana utility with SOME degree of accountability re (at least) bundled retail load to the Indiana Commission and the Indiana parties.  Please work with Sarah N. to create a reasonable response and our key arguments.  Jim 
  Interesting ideas on Reliant and Orion asset transfer.  Jim 
 In our discussion of the Duke model, we don't outline when the cap would be set?  Would the Duke model give our traders certainty before the fact and certainty that no refund is due if we don't exceed.  Maybe make this point stronger.  Jim 
 Pls print for my NARUC call.  Jim 
 No need to prepare anything.  They'll do most of the talking.  Jim 
 Luiz -  Please get internal comments from Thane Twiggs, Sue Mara, Steve Walton, Dan Staines, and Dave Perrino before letting Doug go public with this document.  I want to make sure that we are correct in some of our analysis (for example, I think that you may have misinterpreted the FERC in the California discussion).  Jim 
 So the short answer is that EES needs to change its procedures?  Also, is t= he 50kw right for all markets?  Jim 
 ok 
 thanks. 
 Rogers --  FERC has already filed a policy statement providing for cost recovery of "security" upgrades assuming they are reasonable.  I know that the Bush Admin will now have the response as its top priority.  I think that it will take a couple of weeks before we really understand the implications for further energy reform.  FERC postponed announcing its Work Plan this week but my guess is that Chairman Wood will continue down his course.  Retail competition in different states was already under fire from the California situation.  Not sure if this week's events will have any major changes.  Thanks. 
 I hope you are having fun at the Nutcracker Market.  Tell Christi and Susan hello. 
 I like it.  Our argument should be that the MISO is not an Indiana public utility.  I'd put it in the dialogue just to keep from having the process work out poorly.  Jim 
 Tom --  You may want to go to this event and report back to Susan Lindberg.  It could provide a nice overview of the status.  Jim 
 Sue --  Did you ever reach Terrie Wheeler?  Jim 
 We already knew it.  More importantly, I'd extend his thought to every competitive retail market in the US!!!!  Jim 
 The tough question may be taking a long-term cash committment and transforming it into a single NPV payment (discount rate issues), assuming that is part of the options.  Jim 
 Darran --  Pls submit an RCR for me to discuss at today's meeting.  RCR - EPSA SE RTO Study.  $60k.  Jim 
 Texas gas plan. 
 Thanks. 
 Then let's proceed with that model.  Someone needs to tell Jean B. not to get involved.  Jim 
 Christi --  Let's talk.  We are arguing against NERC, but Kevin needs to understand that something must be in its place. We have a policy that we are supporting - giving reliability to FERC - and that is Enron's approach.  Have you communicated that to Kevin?  Also, on RPS and energy source reporting, I agree but this may be a part of the final package.  Also, the language I read allows the FTC to construct a process that makes it possible to not use day ahead markets.  Jim 
 In what forum will this be discussed?  Jim 
 How about 9am tomorrow?  Jim 
 Dave --  I assume you are following this?  Jim 
 Thanks.  Let me know how the desk sees it.  Also, please make sure that we talk with EES gas (Don Black).  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 I want to go down with you.  Thx, Jim 
 Lisa -  While Wanda and I with the FERC team agreed on a process of moving forward, I want to make sure that the documents properly deal with how the FERC haircut will be handled.  When will you have a new version to read?  Jim 
 thanks 
 Thanks. 
 Is everything ok?? 
 Attached please find Sept's Government Affairs report.  If you would like to discuss, please let me know.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Haven't got anything today.  If I get some, I'll send to EPSA.  Thanks. 
 Thanks. 
 How about Tuesday the 20th?  Should be relatively slow.  Jim 
 Rick --  I intend to take off the following days for vacation through the year-end.  Mon Nov 26 - Fri Nov 30 (5 days)  Wed Dec 26 - Fri Dec 30 (3 days)  Thanks,  Jim 
 Elizabeth -  Let's please meet this week to update this web site.  Jim 
 A good summary of current RTO activities.  Jim 
 Gary --  Do you still have a contact at Waste Management?  I hear their financial troubles seem to be under control.  Just wanted to start some inquiries?  Jim 
     --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 I am trying to identify generation assets owned and/or controlled in ERCOT by Enron and its affiliates.  The information I have been provided is that Enron only has Ponderosa Pine Energy Partners LTD - 263 MW.  Is this correct?  Do we have any long-term capacity over the DC Tie? Do we have any construction in progress? Any other positions (e.g., Capacity Auction) that may be considered by the PUCT in the merger?  Is there anyone else I should talk with about this information?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Houston time 
 Sue --  Here is the list of key customers in CA that may support our efforts.  Please work with Tom Riley to coordinate.  Jim 
 We spoke with Roger Yang.  They don't have anything on the shelf.  I started to look at the PG&E web site and figured out that you'd have to have a PhD in Oper Research to re-compute the PX Credit on an hourly basis.  Jim 
 Harry --  FYI. 
  Ok to travel.  Jim 
 Yes.  Have fun.  Jim 
 Chip --  The e-mail I referenced in my voice mail.  Please call if you have any information.  Jim 
 Also, please look at this file. 
 Thanks Chip.  If you hear anything else, please let me know.  Jim 
 Isn't Friday the Potluck?  If not - yes.  Otherwise, how about Thursday? 
 Can I get a copy daily? 
 Thanks. 
 Steve --  If you have not called SCE yet, now may be a good time to do so (given the failure of the Legislature to resolve their problems).  Jim 
 Rick -- Let's discuss bad messaging at NARUC meeting at our Thursday meeting.  Jim 
 Please arrange a call in # for 4pm Thursday. 
 We are trying to identify assets and contracted positions that Enron will either own or control in ERCOT to process the PUCT merger analysis.  If you have any information on existing or planned assets or positions please let me know.  If you want to discuss, please feel free to call me at 3x7673.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Attached is a summary of PG&E's notes on how they calculate the PX Credit (until January 19, 2001 when they hardwired $150/mwh).  We continue to try and get a handle on how the FERC Refund case will impact the PX Credit and Negative CTC.  If anyone has any issues or comments, please let me know.  Thanks.  Jim 
 I put it together from notes on the PG&E web site.  I may ask Roger to review.  Jim 
 Gloria --  Before we move forward, please talk with Steve Montovano.  Thanks. 
 Greek --  Here is our current list.  Thanks,  Jim 
 The $$ should come from the business people.  Jim 
 Great.  I briefly looked at your papers - the idea is very promising if you can find the agency/government.  Jim 
 yes. 
 Thanks for the thoughts.  I fully agree on BF costs and DWR costs.  I believe that you are right on Est RT$ = CAISOM Imbalance, but I need to check.  On the question of retroactive ratemaking, it is my understanding that you are correct.  PG&E probably won't rebill, but will need to put in place an adjustment to the going forward PX Credit to "collect" the overpayment of Negative CTC.  All of this means that the impact of the FERC refund is less than 100c on the $ for the Negative CTC.  Jim 
 Alan --  The only way to collect the "overpayment" is to artificially reduce the PX Credit going forward to thereby allow for more CTC.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Once done, let's have a phone call with the wholesale electricity team to discuss before sending to Ashley.  Jim 
 Except that my understanding of the SCE model is that the CTC structure will continue beyond 3/31/02 (and may then apply for PG&E).  I agree that if you were to go to a bottom's up, it would require the CPUC to put in place a surcharge for remaining stranded costs (non-generation, for example QFs) and a second surcharge for Negative CTC "overpayment".  Key question is who will pay the Negative CTC "overpayment"?  On trying to understand the PX Credit algorithim, my concern is that to understand how much the "overpayment" was during Oct - Feb, we need to understand how costs hit the structure during that time period.  Otherwise we don't know what form or amount of discount is required in the Settlement talks.  Jim 
 Lisa -  Something to think about.  Do we want to try and expand the issues to resolve the Settlement?  Jim 
 Rebecca --  Pls work through Gloria and Bevin Hunter (in Austin).  My understanding is that PUCT filing deadlines are always 3pm, but Bevin can take it over to the PUCT this evening.  I assume that you will create the report and Gloria will draft a simple cover sheet filing. Gloria, we may need Marianne Carroll to sign??  Jim 
 Bob Frank will be coordinating with Services from Govt Affairs.  JIm 
 FULLY AGREE. 
 Thanks for the tip.  Why don't we try to have lunch in early December - I'm going to try and take off the week after Thanksgiving.  Jim 
 Ray --  Let' s hold a call in early Dec (I don't need to be on the call) where we go through the FERC case for Belden.  Give me a call to discuss.  Jim 
 I intend to produce this monthly.  We had been doing it before.  If you have any questions about the matters included, please call.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Julie --  Enron would be willing to move forward with the Boston Pacific study (at the $15k) level.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Well.  Haven't they got themselves in a pickle?  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Before we take this on, let's talk about how it fits into our priorities.  What will be happening that we must cover?  Jim 
 I am planning on calling in from home.  Do we have a list of issues/states that we want EPSA to focus on?  If you send me your thoughts, I think that we can send to EPSA before the phone call.  My list -  1.	Florida Wholesale (EWG w/o CCN) 2.	AZ opposition to the APS - Pinnacle West generation "sale" 3.	Continue pushing at state level for NOx fairness in allocation to IPPs 4.	Re-instate Direct Access in California.  Many EPSA members (led by Williams) will fight against direct access.  I won't push hard here.  Jim  [Steffes, James D.] 
 Ok.  I agree.  Jim 
 Don't worry.  Appreciate the thought.  Jim 
 Here are my thoughts --  1.	Agree that offering Transmission Provider waiver given RTO status is premature. 2.	Maybe strengthen argument that both unbundled Provider of Last Resort type service and bundled Utility sales service should be included in the affiliate definition.  At a minimum, in places like PA, where the Utility sales service is a direct competitor, there should be no difference with any competitive player.  In a state like GA, where the Utility sales service is a "monopoly" by statue (i.e., bundled retail), I still think given the ability to cogenerate, it makes sense to have these providers take transmission service similar to our service at wholesale.  Maybe make this argument earlier and as the core focus.  I fully agree to include these providers in the definition. 3.	Leslie, call Christi N. to discuss examples of how Native Load Exemption has caused problems (we've put in earlier filings). 4.	The question of "Holding Company, etc." -- We should argue for an exemption. 5.	I am also troubled by the "administer" term.  FERC should prohibit any "helping" by the Transmission Provider of anyone in the marketplace.  Maybe focus FERC on clarifying its positions. 6.	Emergency sections -- Keep the language you have that never applied to natural gas industry (and could be a real problem given a CAISO type situation - ask Alan Comnes for thoughts).  Probably don't object but want to make sure that if Emergency develops there must a pre-set timeframe for going back to normal business. 7.	Everything filed at the FERC related to Standards of Conduct should be posted on the OASIS.  I didn't understand the final bullet point comments.  Is this policy or a statement of something to come?  Jim 
 Can we talk this week on our response?  Jim 
 Elizabeth --  I'd like to let Bryan take over this project.  Jim 
 Does EPSA agree that FERC should require all Transmission Providers should agree to an RTO of the FERC's choosing or lose MBR for all affiliates?  That's the other message Lynne should put out.  Jim 
 EEMC has filed in MD for a gas license.  It is on the calendar for this Wednesday.  There have been a number of letters sent dealing with "questions" on our license.  Govt Affairs is concerned that this will be voted down by the PUC given everything that is going on with the company and our incomplete record.  We would recommend that the agenda item be removed this week and we deal with the outstanding issues.  If anyone has a significant reason not to pull the item, please let me or Harry Kingerski know as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Harry --  I think that we need to talk with EWS Tariff risk to make sure that we are on the same page.  I am concerned that some of Gloria's statements may not end up happening with the final tariffs.  Please advise.  Jim 
 I'll call Ashley and relay the message.  Jim 
 FYI.  Any thoughts? 
 Janet --  Here is the org chart that captures our discussions.  I think that this org and the # of people is the lowest level that can even try to meet the combined needs of ENA and EES.  Total headcount = 21.  The personnel cost = $6.4 MM (total for ENA and EES).  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Jim 
 Harry --  Rebecca is ok with pulling the MD license until the issues are corrected.  Also, who is following up on the VA license?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Dan --  I will get with Evan and his team and pull this together.  Of course, much of the activity with Utilities is driven by their requirements and judgements (which change over time).  Jim 
 Thanks. 
  Ray --  I assume this makes sense and you are incorporating into the case?  Jim 
 I'll ask around floor.  Given my background, this position does not sound like the best fit - I'd rather be more on the long-term contracting (origination) side or business development.  Thanks for the inquiry.  As you know, things are pretty crazy right now here at Enron.  I intend to take the week off after Thanksgiving and intend to give you a call during that period.  Have a great Thanksgiving.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Let's do it at 5pm tonight at Teala's.  Jim 
 Janet -  1.	The best split is probably just 50/50 on personnel.  While everyone is in a specific box on the org chart, many if not all of the people are flexible enough that they can cover different roles.  The $ on outside services may be able to be split differently going forward (for example, if EES wants something specific on a state PUC matter). 2.	In terms of approving outside service expenditures, I would like to sit down with you, Louise, and Rick to work out what the best method of working through the approvals.  I will try and set up some time the first week of December. 4.	I have put Steve Montovano in the NE Gas box.  This will increase the budget by $400k (based on historical figures).  I have attached a new org chart to represent this change.  Also, Dan Staines (who is not on the Org Chart) has an Employment contract that ends 6/12/2002.  Dan has been working on Florida and Northeast RTO matters and continues to help East Power with the NYISO TCC auction.  We can sever him, but his contract will need to be paid off ($87k).  Govt Affairs also has a contract for support with Joe Connor (ex-Southern exec) to support our SE activities.  I am trying to get a copy of the contract, but I think that it is in place until 8/02.  My recommendation is to use these guys through their contracts instead of a large payment today.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I would recommend that if we keep Roy Boston we not keep Pat Keene and move Bob Frank to Texas with Roy Boston in the Mid-C.  Jim 
 As with everything else right now, I take no offense.  It was a pleasure meeting with you.  I wish you all of the best.  Jim 
 Gloria --  We need to keep this type of information in our matrix on Recent Contact.  Jim 
 Something to think about --  Topics to be covered in the Texas Intrastate White Paper:   1.   Current state of the Texas Intrastate Market 2.	Areas for improvement 3.	Proposed future state of the Texas Intrastate Market 4.	Strategy for implementation 5.	Actions for implementation 6.	Appendicies: a.	Form of transport contract b.	Gas flows in Texas c.	Basis price history 
 Diann --  I was under the impression that we had taken all necessary steps to protect our customers?  Is this problem just related to residential customers?  Jim 
 Please do.  We could discuss on the regular NERC call at 2:30 Tuesdays.  Jim 
  FYI 
  Check this out.  Jim 
 Ashley --  First, hope you have great Thanksgiving Holiday.  Luiz Maurer and others put together the following set of questions for NG to potentially discuss at the upcoming meeting or earlier.  If you have any questions, please call me.  Also, Enron will sign on to a petition to for extension of time in the NG/ARTO case (not sure when this is due out).  Some other people were pushing it and with everything going on here at Enron we needed more time to respond.  Please don't take this as a signal that we can't continue to discuss and maybe help find a solution.  Thanks,  Jim  =============================  1) Profit-RTO - Where does your proposed organization fit in the attached graph in terms of end state ? Stage III? Stage IV?    2) Regarding document "Response of National Grid USA to questions posed by the Commission": Does it imply that core, for profit functions should not be subject to a stakeholder process? Wasn't the NETA design subject to an extensive consultation, even for profit, NG core functions?  3) If each Transco manages it own OASIS, how can we avoid fragmentation (balkanization), pancaking and many other negative aspects and seams that the RTO process is trying to eliminate? How can you achieve one-stop shopping? By outsourcing those functions to one single third party?  4) As a follow up question, what are the mechanisms to assure that this "potential" fragmentation may lead to underinvestments in T, particularly in important inter-tie investments?  5) What kind of PBR mechanism are you envisioning for the Transco-RTO? Are you thinking about including "external" measures such as cost to provide ancillary services, congestion costs or costs incurred in energy balancing?  6) Are you envisioning an RTO-Transco model which will assume that all transmission assets in the region will be divested? Or can the model live with a "light" RTO where part of the assets are divested but others are not (and sign an operating agreement with the RTO. Would your proposed Matrix of RTO Functions (page 9) still be robust under this scenario?  7) Can your proposed RTO model dovetail with an LMP/Congestion Management system based on financial rights? [Our understanding is that NETA completely reorganized the UK pool. The UK system now looks like a "self-dispatch" physical rights model]  8) As a follow up of the previous question: Assuming Alliance adopts a self-dispatch, physical rights approach similar to the one NG operates in the UK today. Don't you think that this will create significant barriers/seams with other neighboring RTOs, considering that there seems to be a general trend towards security constrained dispatch, LMP and financial rights for most RTOs in the US?  9) If your proposed system can be dovetailed to a central dispatch, LMP/financial rights, shouldn't some functions in your "Martix of RTO Functions" be collapsed? For example: management of congestion prices, calculation of congestion, operations of energy markets and generation redispatch?  10) Procurement and deployment of ancillary services is listed as non-core. However, in the UK system, this represents a significant role of the Transco, with incentives and penalties attached to its achievement. Is there a different vision or do you assume that those functions will end up being developed by the RTO and consequently will be part of the PBR formula?  11) Generation interconnection. Obviously, your proposal did not go that far. Conceptually, do you favor a system whereby T fixed costs are recovered via a postage stamp rate across an entire region or do you favor the UK model whereby fixed costs (use of the system) are calculated based on incremental cost and have a strong locational component (and connection costs are treates separately, according to a shallow method?  12) Establishment of transmission rates. How to reconcile the fact that those should be regulated and you propose that the Transco itself will establish its T rates? Are you thinking about some possible non-regulated activities?  13) You stated that separation and control of T assets persists, to a large extent, in the Collaborative Model proposed as part of the Southeast Mediation. Do you think that the Independent System Administration model is superior in this regard? What are the key important differences in your view in the conceptual design of those models 
 Nice to meet your brother.  Do you have a map of the 25th?  Jim 
 Yes this gets at my issues.  I want to build your matrix and Rebecca's together.  No where do we deal with reporting yet?  Also, we need to have some systematic approach to updates and naming "point people".  Jim 
 I received a call late today from the CPUC (Joyce @ 415-703-2199).  Someone from Pac Tel called and said that his service was switched without authorization - Mike Benson with Payphone group @707-253-8892 or 707-292-1766.  Lamar -- who is the client rep for Pac Tel?  Can they get into Pac Tel and try and find out if we have done something inappropriate?  We need to call this guy back by Monday EOB.  Please let Jeff Dasovich know so he can call Joyce back - I'll be out on vacation next week.  Jim 
 Christi --  I'm out next week.  This is a bit touchy with the changes coming.  Why not have Jose agree to go  (no one else) and if necessary we'll backfill.  Jim 
 My thoughts --  1.	Great job. 2.	I would change the message in the conclusion (and elsewhere) that the work should be done at the same time -- The Commission should act quickly to establish the scope and configurations of RTOs, WHILE ALSO WORKING and then begin the process of creating a standardized pro forma transmission tariff and market design to be implemented by these RTOs. 3.	Thanks for getting in "Network Plus" - it's the little things that matter. 4.	Maybe strengthen that just standardizing is not enough - real integration across seams is imperative. NY and PJM have same tariff same model but haven't worked well for a long time.  Thanks. 
 LUIZ --  Attached is a version that I changed.  Mainly formattting the intro.  I think that our current draft is too long without a short synopsis up front. We want a White Paper that reads like an advocacy piece.  Please add to whatever you are doing.  Also, move forward with contacting Larry Ruff for (1) his analysis of your and my combined draft and (2) a simple affadavit on this.  Govt Affairs will pay up to $10k for this work out of our current budget.  We need to have this finished by Tuesday EOB.  CHARLES -- We need to make sure that Monday and Tuesday someone calls everyone on the Committee considering changing these rules on Thursday.  Let's get the list and start lobbying actively.  Call me if you have any questions.  Please talk with Doug Gilbert-Smith about who and where.  Maybe Christi and Jean Ryall can help.  CHRISTI -- Pls make sure that Steve Walton and Sarah Novosel are ok with this statements.  Thanks.  Jim 
 We need to be very cautious about signing on to documents that seek to delay the start date of any RTO - unless and until I hear something different from FERC, my going in assumption is that Enron will be one of the only voices on this issue.  We should only give on this issue when real value is being created.  Why not file a "me too" on the issue of seating of the Board w/o agreeing to everything else?  Jim 
 Not sure if there is much to do.  I was just sending this e-mail because I saw Alan working to find a copy as well as John Shelk's team - wanted to make sure we weren't duplicating efforts.  Jim 
 Ginger --  Can you please approve?  Jim 
 It's been amazing.  Jim 
 Pls pay. 
 No. 
 Jaime,  Please add James Steffes, user id is jsteffe, to the App_BlackBerry group for BB usage.  Thank you for your help,  Matthew Campbell 
 PSE&G called yesterday to ask for an LC or cash collateral of $1.0 MM to displace our Corporate Guarantee of $1.3 MM.  They are sending more information in a letter to Bill Bradford copied to me.  THere is a 5 day turnaround - early next week this will be due. 
 Yes.  He is now a big-time headhunter.  I hope you had a great Thanskgiving.  Things are crazy here.  Jim 
 Let's talk early next week. 
 Right now we are trying to develop some info and the right messages.  This is the same everywhere.  Our gameplan right now is to work this next week.  Jim 
 It sounds better on FM - you can pick up the wonderful vocals.  Didn't hear too much from Rush on the drive - he was probably in a bunker worried that the Taliban was after him.  Jim 
 Bob --  We need to pull together the rules, etc. for a change in assignment w/o consent for small commercial in NYC and TX by 3 pm tomorrow (or earlier). Grab me and we can discuss.  Jim 
 We will need to let everyone know early next week - working on msg -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Wade -  Anywhere that we have Supplier Consolidated Billing Enron put up some form of credit to cover 45+ days of Utility charges.  So while I am unsure of the form of collateral, if Evan provides a list of where we are doing Supplier Consolidated Billing, we should be able to construct a Collateral Obligation worksheet.  We also have collateral in each ISO (NE-ISO, NYISO, PJM, CAISO).  It will take some time to de-DASR to Dual Billing and until our accounts switch, the Utilities will hold the Collateral.  Jim 
 Password = jinglebells  Jim 
 Christi & Sarah --  Do we have to do something related to this?  Thanks.  Jim   Note also that in a separate development FERC simultaneously opened a broad investigation under Section 206 of the Federal Power Act to apply the new market-based-sales policy to all U.S. sellers nationwide. What this means is that, although only three utilities are mentioned in this initial order, it is expected that FERC will continue to take steps to constrain what it believes to be erratic wholesale markets. Reportedly, some 30 companies are awaiting similar reviews by FERC to determine if the commission believes they exert market power. The 206 investigation reportedly also requires power providers with market-based sales authority to amend their tariffs within 60 days to provide FERC with open-ended authority to order refunds if the commission determines that market manipulation has occurred. 
 Did you hear anything on WM?  Jim 
 Julie --  Given our current situation at Enron, I wanted to let you know that we will not be able to support the SE RTO Study.  I assume that you were already thinking this.  This upcoming week should prove to be another amazing ride.  As soon as we come up for air, I'll call and fill you in on the developments.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 This is the price tag for COBRA from Enron.  Looks like $600/month.  Jim 
 FYI.  Jim 
  More info. 
  Dick --  With everything going on at Enron these days, please use the following contact information -  Jim Steffes 14354 Carolcrest Houston, TX 77079 281-759-8270 msteffes@mindspring.com  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI 
 Chantel  --  Please call me at 713-853-7673 to assist with any questions.  Jim 
 Please keep me in the loop on developing opportunities. 
 Pls send to Mike Terraso with Environmental Policy.  Jim 
 I would recommend that all letters as such should go to Harry and me.  I think we will be getting a number of these.  I would say that we will try and communicate something proactively to the PUCs around the country by Wed am.  Critical that our message is consistent and clear.  Rebecca, any thoughts?  Jim 
 Jeff --  Please don't forget to get load #s or de-DASR customers - probably 50+%.  Good info to cover our "remaining" customers.  Jim 
 FYI.  Let's deal with this early tomorrow.  Jim 
 Harry --  EES filed yesterday.  My thought is to focus on keeping our licenses so that we can return customers in an orderly fashion.  Jim 
 Christi --  When is this meeting?  Also, Dave Forester is looking for someone to present (through Rick Shapiro call).  Is this the same meeting?  Call me.  Jim 
 Mike --  Going forward, should all enviro be sent to you? 
 Please send all questions on environment to Mike Terraso.  Thanks. 
 Evan Hughes are we Dual Billing our current ConEd customers? Gloria Ogenyi will we owe more $$ if we don't switch to Dual Bill?  Scott Gahn what are the issues if we do switch?  Thanks. 
 Pls hold for inclusion in CPUC letter today.  Jim 
 Thanks.  I've enjoyed working with you and more importantly, getting to know you.  Best of luck going forward.  If you ever need any thing, please don't hesitate to call me.  Jim 
 Thanks Becky.  I've truly enjoyed getting to know you better as we've worked closer these past few months.  You've taught me alot about natural gas issues and if I can ever do anything for you please let me know.  Jim 
 Thank you -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Appreciate the thoughts.  I especially appreciate your hard work over these last few weeks.  Jim 
 Sandy --  Pls forward final CPUC letter sent today to this group.  Thanks. 
 FYI. 
 He is at the State Dept.  (202) 647-8931  SchriverRG@STATE.gov  Glad to hear things are well.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Kay --  A couple of things --  1.	Jim Steffes not Jeff Steffes 2.	My cell phone is 713-851-2499 not 2489.  Thanks. 
 Jeff pls call Bryan Gottfredson at 713-942-7307 to discuss possible job openings in CA. 
 No Yeung + Lindberg are gone -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 In speaking to the PUC today, they are under the impression that we are currently physically serving Compaq and JC Penney.  Is this right? If so, don't we want to deDASR them?  Jim 
 In OH I believe that the MSG service continues (transfers with the customers) so it's just any discount we gave above the MSG rate.  Jim 
 Good news.  Also, Rich Drom called from PJM wanting to know if someone from Enron was attending the Members Mtg this Thursday (no) and if what did we want to do with the confidentiality of our credit (I think that we should agree - not PJM's to distribute).  Your thoughts - I'll call Drom back tomorrow.  Jim 
 Thanks Ann.  Pls send to me going forward (at least as long as we're here). 
 Jeff --  Pls call. 
 I agree.  In fact, in the conversation with the Chairman of PUCT, I told him that we were sending all of our pilot load back to TXU before Jan 1.  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Jim 
 Ok. 
 Christi --  I want to call Susan tomorrow and let her know about the mess up on her.  But I want her to understand the issues involved.  Let's talk as soon as possible.  Jim 
 Your message was forwarded to me regarding Dan Allegretti and NPCC.   Can you please let me know what Dan's role was in the organization and any other information?  Thanks,  Jim Steffes 713-853-7673 
 Don --  Sempra called today and said we had been nominating but not delivering any gas since Saturday.  Customers are on penalty gas.  What is the story?  Should we just put these customers back to the Utility and let them find another marketer?  Jim 
 Sandy --  Can you please send all letters sent under Dan's name to him tomorrow.  You may want to send to Esmeralda.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Call u later -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Ok -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 I don't understand what is happening - on the earlier list, Susan and Charles weren't on it.  If you want to discuss this, please call me today.  Jim 
 Charles and Susan are in the building.  Robert where can I find you to discuss some issues?  Jim 
 Here is the contact information.  Jim Cunningham Managing Director Burson-Marsteller 230 Park Avenue South New York, NY  10003-1566 United States of America  (212) 614-4562 jim_cunningham@nyc.bm.com 
 Thanks.  Pls send out.  Jim 
 Christi --  Who in ENA leadership could we talk with about finding a "champion" for Gus Engheim (environmental permitting), Bob Frank and Harry Kingerski?  Steve Kean is talking to Ben Jacoby about Gus.  Who else - maybe Scott Neal on gas for Harry Kingerski and Bob Frank?  Let me know.  Jim 
 Peggy --  Have we done anything on this messaging?  Jim 
 Delete last sentence -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Rick -  Please be advised that James D. Steffes will replace Tom Hoatson as Enron's representative to the PJM Members Committee.  Thank you,  James D. Steffes Vice President, Government Affairs Enron Corp 1400 Smith, eb4716c Houston, TX 77002 713-853-7673 (p) 713-646-8160 (f) 713-851-2499 (c) 
 Sam behrens can help -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Agree with bob - we are done -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 He said he'd call.  Let's call him at 4 -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 I sent a note to national grid saying hold our dasrs -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Still need to get with bkty lawers. Later today. Will call.  Tomorrow approval ok -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Diann --  So it is correct to say that EES is responsible for the final bills?  If yes, how much $$ is this?  Jim 
 yes.  also there is one at www.1400smith.com that I helped set up.  JIm 
 Jim Steffes 14354 Carolcrest Houston, TX 77079 281-759-8270 (H) msteffes@mindspring.com   Thanks 
 Yes.  Thank you.  Jim Steffes 
 Amy --  I am surprised about Dasovich already getting something.  I would recommend the following amounts.  Montovano	$108,000					75,000 Comnes	$0 (started late last year)			50,000 Walton		$65,000					50,000 Yeung		$36,000					40,000 Lindberg	$20,000						40,000 Frank		$55,000					40,000   Can we talk tomorrow to finalize?  Pls give me a good time.  Jim 
 Amr --  Hope things are well.  I saw a notice for a meeting on Caribbean Energy Jan 31, 2002 in Miami by CBI.  The information is at www.cbiglobalenergy.com.  Thought maybe you'd want to go and flash yourself around.  Take care,  Jim 
 I don't have her number but call San DIego and ask for Sempra. -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Call Greg Sharp -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Cpuc sent ltr on switching - I'll fax -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 I don't know Aldie Warnock.  Thanks for the idea, but I'm going to try and get out of the regulatory world.  Might as well try my hand making $.  I know John Orr and John Meyer.  Not sure about going back to the traveling of RTO world.  Let me think on it.  Let's still do lunch sometime next week.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Thanks -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Anthony & Evan --  Who should process this?  Jim 
 There was a discussion today involving Home Depot and our inaction regarding not having sent out a DASR.  To make sure that we are all on the same page (please let me know if anyone disagrees with the following) --  1.	We (meaning EES broadly) do have customers with metered demand greater than 1 MW (otherwise known as non-Price to Beat).  2.	For non-Price to Beat customers that have not been DASRd or have no contract, the Affiliated REP will provide service to the customer beginning on their first meter reading after Jan 1, 2002 under a blanket Term of Service Agreement (let me know if you want copies) under the following price terms =  TXU Energy Services cost = $5 per kw for Demand (based on highest demand in last 12 months) + $50/Mwh + $100/month + Delivery Costs + Taxes. Reliant Energy Services cost = [1.5 * Daily Gas Index * kwh] + [{1.15 * Capacity Price} * kw (billing demand)] + $490/month + Delivery Costs + Taxes.  3.	If the customer does not pay their bill, they will then be placed on POLR service.  4.	The AREP offers month-to-month service with a 30 calendar day notice provision for cancellation.  5.	Next opportunity to DASR these customers will be Dec 16, 2001.  6.	When we find a buyer for the Texas book or all of the company, EES intends to obtain permission from the customer to assign the non-Price to Beat customers.  This implies that we will not be sending out the Opt-Out provision to non-Price to Beat customers.  Jim 
 Thanks Marianne.  We've been in contact with the PUC but we will need some help next week.  Are you in Monday?  Jim 
 I don't know of any EES collateral at PJM.  Very small position in PECO territory.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Angela --  To follow up on our discusion about TX customers (e.g., Home Depot), are there any other customers that you are going to include in the sales effort (not including CA)?  I want to make sure that we include these customers in our analysis.  Thanks 
 By "these customers" you mean the non-mass market - ie, Home Depot?  Jim 
 Monday is better -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Great.  Jim 
 Sue -  Lyndon's info is:  (713) 751-3048 (w)  ltaylor@h-s.com  Happy Holidays,  Jim 
 Once again, Enron shows that it has the best damn reg affairs team in the world - maybe universe.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I'm ok with this.  Jennifer will be good for RTO campaign.  Jim 
 Steve --  Christi left you off this list.  Please include your thoughts on this worksheet as well for Eastern gas.  Thanks,  Jim 
 No.  We worked with Paul in the Indianapolis office.  Jim 
 Friday 10am is best with me.  Pls include Christi Nicolay and Susan Lindberg.  Jim 
 Or doing some interviewing -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Christi pls send spreadshet -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 Call Jeff Brown - he use to work there -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 To follow-up on NEPOOL matters --  Last week, the NEPOOL Members Comm did not take any action against Enron.  I received a call today (that I intend to return tomorrow) from Dave Doot - NEPOOL Secretary.  He would like to have a phone call with Enron's attorneys and credit people to figure out how to manage our credit issues going forward.  The reason there was no action last week was because NEPOOL hoped that they could work something out.  I do not know what the bills are for EES/EEMC/EPMI?  I will call Dave Doot and find a good time for later this week when I can arranage a call with the appropriate people.  Call with any other questions.  Jim 
 Harry --  Let me write-up some things on this and will send to you.  Hope everyone is well.  Jim 
 Maureen --  Thanks for the information on the switching of the "held" customers.  We will process through a standard EDI transaction.  I am trying to find out who would work up the credit amount.  When I find out, I'll e-mail you.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Marcus and Ed can we talk today about this.  Is there a good time?  I need to get back with NEPOOL today.  Also, while our business dropped off, I am guessing that NE-ISO has been arranging energy for our UI load and our payable is growing pretty quickly.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Talk w/ Joe H to confirm that we are consistent with preferred P/L policies.  Jim 
 Didn't know about this.  Have we compared this list to our gas market termination list?  Jane - Can you please send me the list?  Jim 
 Customers we will start to de-DASR probably next week.  VERY CONFIDENTIAL 
 I see that UC/CSU is on this list.  Have any buyers been interested in their load?  Jim 
 Dan, etal --  Someone from CSC was on the call (Allison Hafner).  TXU said the meters were to be read by Dec 13 with final EDI files sent to ERCOT by Dec 14.  ERCOT would process a REP of Record change on Dec 13.  Looks like everything is ok.  Jim 
 I will review the list.  But I need someone from gas team and someone from power team to help.  Let's talk at 9am meeting tomorrow.  Jim 
 Can we get together this afternoon to discuss calling NEPOOL?  How about 3pm?  Jim 
 Let's meet at Christi's desk on ebS5 and find a conference room.  Jim 
 Suzanne --  Becky Cantrell had entered Enron into a number of dockets before FERC related to pipeline rate and other matters (not sure if there were protests).  I would greatly appreciate you coming over to 47 and going through a number of filings so we can either (a) stay in the case or (b) remove our name as an active party.  Elizabeth Linnell has the papers on 47.  My initial thought is that Enron does not need to continue in these cases, but the NewCo will want to understand what to join after formation.  We may want to talk with commercial types to gauge their thoughts.  Please let me know if you can take care of this.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Paul --  I have no information as discussed below.  Jim 
 Mary Lynne -- Is this for both EES and EEMC?  Is EPMI in this bill?  Can we pay separately by company?  Jim 
 Doug --  The PUCT called out of the blue and indicate that they would like to talk with you about this information.  Have they communicated with you about this?  Jim 
 They would like to talk to you.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Please add so we can get to Fallon on Monday.  Jim 
 Doug --  It seems to me that keeping the PUC somewhat appeased makes sense.  I'll try and get some formal questions, but sooner or later they will want to talk directly. I appreciate that this is a pain, but maybe it's a good opportunity to push to get rid of balanced schedules?  Let's sit down on Thursday am and talk.  Jim 
 Please comment ASAP.  Want to get to Fallon.  Jim 
 PJM sent a bill for the 2002 Annual Fee (for $5000).  Upon paying the fee, EPMI will be able to access E-Schedules.  PJM is looking for payment on December 20, 2001 along with our November grid payment.  I assume that no Enron company will need the E-Schedule system after January 1 and therefore we will not be making this payment?  Please advise.  Jim 
 Also have we returned our physical PJM customers yet?  Jim 
 With the cancellation of a number of Surety Bonds by our providers, we are faced with a potential credit crunch in NEPOOL.  Also, it is my understanding (although I haven't seen anything) that our Nov 2001 bills are due in all of the markets on Dec 20, 2001.  Christi and I are trying to work out our payment plans (if any) and other requirements to keep our books afloat.  We need to have support on understanding any payment obligations (and bills if we have them) and issues (e.g., Annual Fees).  Who can we talk with for each market?  Thanks,  Jim 
 When: Tuesday, September 18, 2001 4:30 PM-5:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 FYI.  Call if you need anything.  Jim 
 Jim --  Here is a quick and dirty overview.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Jim 
 Lisa and Dave --  Are you the right people to discuss payment or modified credit terms for EPMI?  The issue with NEPOOL is that our UI/CMP/NSTAR wholesale reqts deals would be harmed if we don't pay these guys.  I don't know if we should pay, but I need to figure out who is on point for paying if that decision is reached.  I know that John Llodra is trying to sell these positions.  Jim 
 Bob --  Please follow up with Juan so we can ensure coverage.  Jim 
 Mary --  I need to know the other bonds that aren't cancelled.  Are there more?  Jim 
 Come to 9am mtg -------------------------- Jim Steffes Enron 
 FYI.  Thought you'd be interested.  Jim 
 I am trying to pull together a list of the pre-petition and post-petition claims against EES and EEMC (and EPMI where collateral may exist as one entity) as well as any other obligation in the key power and gas markets.  I hope to have this tomorrow.  Jim 
 Let's talk tomorrow.  Jim 
 Alan --  1.	Is Sue Mara going with you?  Who else is going?  Anyone from commercial or scheduling?  My understanding is that Ray Alvarez is attending?  2.	Do we have a list of issues that we want to go through with the CAISO?  Maybe outlining our Top Ten before the meeting and getting internal agreement (maybe even with the other participants) makes sense?  Thanks 
 Wade -  There may also need to be another $100k for EESI.  Jeff is checking.  Jim 
 Chris -  I did discuss Enron's payment issues with PJM with our team.  To make sure that we are on the same page.  1.	No additional collateral is required at this time. 2.	EPMI owes on 12/20/01 = $1,704,182.63 EESI owes on 12/20/01 = $134,456.58 3.	The Annual Fee is also due on 12/20/01 = $5,000 (one fee for all affiliated companies).  I will call you tomorrow.  Jim 
 ISO-NE is seeking the following by December 20, 2001 to continue Enron's presence in the market --  EPMI Amount Due	$2.1 MM Security	$112.1 MM  EES/EEMC Amount Due	$6.2 MM Security	$22.2 MM  1.	We are verifying these figures (ISO-NE may have EES and EPMI Amount Due reversed) 2.	The process post 12/20/01 is unclear - not sure if Enron companies can schedule without posting Security 3.	Surety Bonds have been revoked and Safeco/Fireman's sent notices that Bonds can not be used for post-petition claims EES	#6131506	$12.0 MM EES	#11133420767	$8.0 MM EEMC	#11133420783	$14.4 MM EPMI	#6131468	$12.0 MM EPMI	#6107679	$40.0 MM  I can't imagine that Enron will post collateral in these amounts.  In the CAISO market, Enron has 3 days of projected expenses as Security coupled with a going-forward power supply.  May be an alternative worth considering?  Any other questions, please call me at 3x7673 
 How do I take care of this?  Jim 
 Ed --  Can you please draft a letter (similar to what Paul Darmitzel sent to gas LDCs) to send to PECO Thursday to indicate that placing our physical load customers on bundled POLR service is not objectionable to EES?  We have a bill due in PJM this Thursday that may not get paid.  If we don't pay PJM on Thursday, our brief analysis of the PA Supplier Tariff is that PECO can pull these customers back.  The customers in PECO are GNO (e.g, Suiza), so not sure what the contract issues would be - maybe Michelle can help here.  My understanding is that the contracts should allow EES to serve using Utility power, so we should still have the right to determine to reject or not.  Please let me know if you can do this and if there are any issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Troy --  A few questions --  1.	The counterparty "PGE" - is that Pacific Gas & Electric or Portland General Electric? 2.	When do you think that you would have the "Unknown" researched? 3.	I assume that the costs associated with ERCOT or CAISO are captured in the EPMI and ENA payables?  Thanks. 
  Ed is drafting the letter and coordinating with Michelle.  Jim 
 My understanding is that Jim Wood is making the recommendation on Etown. Correct?  Jim 
 Dave --  I wish you and your family all of the best.  May you have a happy and prosperous New Year.  Please keep in touch.  Jim 
 Diann -  Sorry about all of this confusion regarding residential customers.  This guy was listed on the Ken spreadsheet (about T&D bills) as being an EES customer in November.  Is this a residential account?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Guys --  Don't know if we need to do our own study.  Probably want to get with this prof to discuss.  I agree with his analysis that the electricity markets needs a bunch of sellers - means we should push for distributed generation.  Thanks 
 Janet --  FYI.  I intend to take vacation this Friday, all of next week, and Dec 31.  Unfortunately, Harry Kingerski, Bob Frank, Jeff Dasovich,and Christi Nicolay will also be on vacation.  If something urgent comes up, you can call me at home (281-759-8270) or on my cell (713-851-2499).  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks.  Diann, I know that the last few months (year?) has been tough on all of us.  I appreciate everything you've done.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Does everyone have access to the O Drive / Public Affairs directory?  I'd like to keep an external contact list (PUCs, Utilities, etc.) and any material we are creating (files, documents, etc.) in this area so the entire team has access in case someone is out for the day.  To get into this, go to MY COMPUTER, find the O Drive and then find the Public Affairs folder.  If you don't have access, please let me know.  Thanks,  Jim  P.S.  If I don't get to speak directly with everyone, I hope that y'all have a safe and happy Holiday Season!  See you in the New Year. 
 Paul --  Why so "unhappy"?  Isn't this the best time of your life?  I know that I am truly looking forward to telling my grandkids that I not only worked at Enron, but I survived the "collapse".  Don't worry about the O drive thing - I'll take care of it.  Jim 
 Wade -  I would recommend that no one pay.  The wire instructions are at the bottom of the earlier e-mail.  The $ are pre-petition.  Thanks. 
  Ed --  I'll put in a call to discuss with them the contact point.  Jim 
 May need to post TX PUC collateral.  Jim 
 Linda --  Yesterday you mentioned I had a small work assignment during the meeting.  Didn't get the exact details.  Any info is appreciated.  Jim 
  Charles --  Please work with Susan Lindberg on this as well.  Jim 
 I only have one question - the NYISO may be replaced by a NERTO as soon as this year in December.  What is the timeframe of the contract?  Also, the NYISO rules may change - what happens to our deal?  Do we have rights to restructure?  What happens if ICAP or UCAP goes away as an obligation?  Jim 
 I'll be on holiday during this time frame.  Don't wait for me.  Jim 
 John, etal --  Not sure if there is any real "issue" we can push.  Maybe something on the P/L side (see Joe Hartsoe).  Clearly this idea that RTOs will be anti-security is mistaken - it just implies that there should be redundancy of systems.  Jim 
 Pls fax to SF office today.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Bryan --  Add this to the report database.  THanks.  Jim 
 Susan --  Muchas gracias.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Does change in law mean the implementation of the NE RTO?  That process is underway and whatever happens with its implementation we should already have a knowledge of?  Jim 
 Call Thane Twiggs.  I'd also be interested in seeing this through - there was a little confusion about Enron's position earlier but we are now ok.  Jim 
 Tammy --  I sent this report to John and Louise last week.  Intend to make it monthly.  Similar to earlier.  I will include you on it going forward.  Sent to John's asst.  Call with any questions.  Jim 
 Is this good or bad for Enron?  My take is that this doesn't help us push f= or ONE RTO. =20 Jim 
 Please add to Reg Orig section.  Jim 
 Don't know where you guys are with the negotiations, but here is another small issue with PG&E that would be nice to work through with them.  Jim 
 Michael -  I've asked the outside consultants to give us a % change for the impact of the refund case.  Try to give these to you asap.  Ray Alvarez will you please follow up with CRA and Jan Acton?  Thanks,  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Leslie --  What would it cost for outside counsel to do the hearing?  Maybe running an RCR through with the biggest $$ allows Shapiro, etal to discuss next Tuesday?  Jim 
 I think that this list is fine.  Any thoughts to including the key Industrial customer and legal rep for the Munis / Coops while in this area?  Jim 
 Sounds good to me.  Any thoughts to have Milnthorp support the Conservative= s and Devries (or someone else) do the Liberals?  Jim 
 Should we try and agree with the other market participants on a list of issue prior to the meeting?  Maybe coordination also with FERC staff prior to the meeting?  Don't want to appear that this is "ganging up" but we do need to be prepared to go in with a clear idea of what is a "good" meeting.  Jim 
 too late. 
 I will be attending.  Jim 
 Christi --  Like we spoke about yesterday, the key play here will be to understand the retail opportunities.  Let me know how your efforts to get a good synopsis goes.  Don't forget to use Jennifer Thome to help in this effort.  Jim 
 thanks for the reply.  we will be reviewing the applications in due course.  probably best to work through the standard process. 
 Becky --  FYI.  Does EGM have any past advocacy on NURF?  Jim 
 I'd let Alan make the call.  As long as we understand the issues well, maybe no reason to take commercial to the mtg.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  SBX2 18 and SBX2 85 are important to follow.  Jim 
 A couple of thoughts --  1.	Ashley Brown and Rick have a great relationship.  Don't hesitate to use Rick to find out some details if you need him.  2.	Are we supporting this?  I don't understand why we would agree to make NG the MM with this process / paper?  Thanks. 
 Howard -  Have you and Jeff Brown talked about the MG deal?  I want to make sure that you understand fully and appreciate any issues / concerns.  Thanks. 
 Do we need to have a phone call with you, Harry K., Charles Y., Sarah N., Christi N., John Shelk, Gloria O., Vinio Flores to make sure that Enron is on the same page?  I don't think that we will see much support from the business people, although maybe you and I can sit down with Evan Hughes to get his buy-in.  Let me know.  Jim 
 Do we need to have a meeting to work through this?  What outside counsel is supporting the sale right now?  Jim 
 Dan -  Spoke with Janet Dietrich yesterday.  Slight change to our advocacy versus our Monday discussions.  After meeting with Sean Holmes, it was agreed that our policy work would say (1) no retroactive DA suspension (at least not earlier than Sept 1), (2) don't end DA but study how to allow it to continue.  If the CPUC does suspend without retroactive, the fear is that re-starting the CA market will be very difficult.  Please call me when you get some time.  Jim 
 Thanks.  As long as the business guys (and King & Spalding) aren't preventing the appropriate filings, I'll assume this deal is done.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Does Howard understand your deal and the going-forward issues (if any) that he needs to be aware of?  I want to make sure that he knows what is important and unimportant to this (and other load curtailment).  Jim 
 Paul --  Please give me a call (if possible today).   I am taking vacation from tomorrow through next week Friday.  Jim 
 Linda -- Pls put on my calendar.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Bob --  Did we send this?  Jim 
 I'll be going.  You should go if you want to go.  It's a good opportunity to network.  Jim 
 EEI's work is nothing more than the NERC language (but shorter).  Still the key difference - self-regulating versus standard setting.  Given that EEI seems to believe that the Canadian issues are minor, why get rid of the self-regulating nature?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for the updated list.  I will include it in our database.  Please continue to coordinate with Roy Boston on the "info" reporting.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please set up some time (about 1 hour) after I return from my vacation with Dave Duran and Rick Shapiro and myself to discuss Enron's Wholesale & Retail Advocacy Positions.  Thanks.  Jim 
  FYI.  Please try and attend.  Bob, it would be good to have your issue list on the TFG Brief and next steps before the meeting to this group.  Jim 
 Bob --  Any concerns with this language?  Not sure if we are even going to file, but want to be ready.  Sue --  While this draft talks about July 1 retroactive date, I'd guess this would be filed if the CPUC does anything before the Ordering date?  Jim 
 No, but I'm happy to ride with almost anyone.  Jim 
 Bob --  Jeff talked with Fielder.  Your thoughts on next steps?  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Janine --  I would have EPMI be the party of record.  Also, please make sure that Susan Lindberg gets a copy of all filings to pass along to the Midwest desk.  Thanks,  Jim 
 on holiday 
 I am trying to find out if anything went out and if so, will be in touch with the document.  Jim 
 Alan -  Appreciate your thoughts.  Jim 
 yes. 
  FYI 
 Richard  --  FYI. 
 Please add to the database.  Jim 
 Thanks for the informative phone call this morning.  Having the key issues presented in one place was very helpful.  To follow up on the meeting, the following are action items for the group.  1.	December 1 Market Readiness Update Meeting  Thane Twiggs (wholesale) and Nancy Hetrick (retail) will have at this time an understanding of the billing and settlement issues (or not) with their respective areas.  We need to ensure that EES and EPMI are able to get the necessary information to make sure that their bills and settlements are working and that we can bill our retail customers.  I will ask Linda Noske to set up this meeting.  If anyone hears anything else about the market delay, please let Jean Ryall know immediately.  As of right now, it is my impression that we all agree there is no delay scheduled???  2.	Congestion Pass thru to EES' Retail Customers  Thane Twiggs, Nancy Hetrick and Jim Steffes will get with EWS and EES counter parties to try and work through the ability of EES passing thru congestion to its customers per the contract language.  I will lead the process of consulting with EES legal.  3.	Wholesale Issues (Thane Twiggs)  a.	Define workable TCR Product b.	End Balanced Schedule requirement c.	Fix Capacity Auction process, including credit matters d.	BENA/OOM/AS e.	Settlement & Billing  4.	Retail Issues  a.	REP - ISO - Utility Interface (Nancy Hetrick) b.	Reliant PTB (Pat Keene) c.	TXU PTB (Pat Keene) d.	Reliant Negative CTC (Pat Keene) e.	TXU Negative CTC (Pat Keene) f.	EES / EPMI License (Gloria Ogenyi + Nancy Hetrick)  5.	Information Flow  All policy statements from anyone within Government Affairs should be first vetted with Jean Ryall to ensure consistency and conformity.  Also, all people on the TO: list above should be included on all e-mail traffic.  I know this may sometimes slow down response to business people, but I think that we can all agree that no one has all the information in this very fast moving environment and unless we have a central clearinghouse we may send the wrong messages.  It is also critical that all commercial people interested in Texas need to hear about the latest.  By having Jean Ryall in the center, she will be able to ensure that no one feels "cut out".  The bi-weekly meeting should be held with Jean Ryall as Host to follow these issues in a timely manner.  6.	Wholesale Products  Thane Twiggs was going to keep the team apprised of our products and pricing info on a regular basis so we are informed about the market.  Finally, it is critical that everyone work together to get the best results possible for Enron in the Texas market.  This is our "home" base - we need to make sure that our business efforts win big.  Thanks for everything ya'll have been doing to achieve this result.  Jim 
 Beth --  Who on your team can I get to move forward with this report?  Jim 
 PLEASE INCLUDE THIS INFORMATION. =20 Jim =20 =20 
 Vicki --  I have heard recently that EES is signing up customers in Texas that "passes thru" congestion.  There may be some billing and settlement issues given ERCOT's systems.  Basically, we will not know based on our bill from ERCOT what each customer's congestion was.  I want to make sure that EES billing can determine how to charge this?  Who should I talk with?  Jim 
 Ok.  Jim 
  Leslie --  Please let me know what you need to get this issue properly defined by EES.  One option, maybe, would be to take the customers back to sales service.  Would there be any problems with this?  Please let me know.  Jim 
 If Reliant is interested in filing, we should seriously consider using EPSA.  Reliant is a member of EPSA.  We could get EPSA to work through Larry Robertson maybe.  Let's discuss next week in Houston.  Jim 
 Mike --  You should contact Lisa M. about the SCE meeting arrangements.  I will be there in spirit only.  Jim 
  Bryan --  Please include the first 3 on the Regulatory Ventures section for next month.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 I would probably not sign on directly, but would support the document with the additional thoughts --  1.	I don't understand a 6 month collaborative to work through SMD - this only extends the implementation. 2.	Need to push harder on doing away with the Reserve obligation. 3.	I would argue that the RTO need not run a Day Ahead market.  Also, why does a Day Ahead market provide "sufficient capacity committed in the right places for the next day in order to supply load reliably"?  California has a DA market and people simply did not participate.  The argument that a DA market replaces a Unit Committment process doesn't seem complete? 4.	The position and implications on CM and RT market going in at the same time needs to be made more clear - does this mean that Enron supports delaying all RTO "activity" (e.g., OASIS, single tariff, rates) until CM is complete? 5.	What is a "point-to-point" financial hedge?  Does this imply node-to-node?  Can we include some discussion of market "hubs"?  How could I obtain a hub-to-node hedge?  Also, what about the allocation or auction process for FTRs?  How should existing transmission arrangements be managed? 6.	Do we agree to Incremental pricing vs. Rolled-In?  Will this cause any heartburn for ETS?  What about the cost of expansion to meet the needs of incremental generation?  Should this be borne by the system or the generator?  My thought is that this is a big piece and Enron should probably file its own comments rather than sign on.  Sarah Novosel is working on Enron comments.  Jim 
 Sarah --  Please pound EPSA into submission on the NE RTO.  Jim 
 Alan --  I assume that you will lead Enron's response to EPSA's comments?  Should we have a discussion of this filing before the EPSA meeting on Friday?  Pls give me a call.  Jim 
 Interesting.  Seems to me that EPSA needs to help AZ do better by its citiz= ens - it's not just APS that's a "bunch of neanderthals" (to use a Rick Sha= piro phrase). =20  I don't understand something else - Is Mumaw APS' and EES' counsel in AZ?? = How is this possible?  Jim 
  Understand.  When you speak of the gas desk, are you talking to Scott Neal and Frank Vickers or Don Black??  We should make sure that both groups recognize our message.  Jim 
 Sue --  I agree with your arguments.  The other problem with SCE's analysis is that= they had a DEFINED stranded cost amount and they deserve that money. =20  What California did (my explaination) is that SCE was offered frozen rates = for 4 years.  All of the margin they "earned" was shareholder's compensatio= n for moving to direct access.  If the total $$ of margin was $0 or less, t= his implies simply that SCE had no generation stranded costs. =20  The entire argument that SCE is making forgets the $Billion that they have = kept from consumers through the fixed rate. 
 I think one thing that is good is for every California call you make us go through the key bills in some organized outline.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Becky--  I spoke with Don Black.  Please work with Donna Greif to get this done.  She is responsible according to Don.  Also, if possible so we don't have to rush our IT and pay extra money, what about asking FERC to give us a 15 day delay for filing.  Probably just file to do it and ask for forgiveness.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Can you please resend the fax to Barbara Hueter about the TN legal bill?  Thanks, 
 FYI.  Use as necessary. 
 Linda & Sarah --  Please get with Jean to discuss.  I don't think that Enron needs to send this right now with everything else.  Jim 
 CA supreme court filing.    [Steffes, James D.] 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Probably also want to talk with Brad Nebergald.  Jim 
 CONFIDENTIAL -- DO NOT DISTRIBUTE OUTSIDE THE COMPANY.  Attached is a spreadsheet of how prices may change with the FERC Refund case.  This is still subject to change.  Hope this helps with the Negative CTC calculation and negotiations.  Jim 
 1.	Dynegy vs. ComEd at FERC  Dynegy filed a complaint at FERC that tries to disallow Firm LD from being used by marketers under the ComEd Network Service.  IP claims that is losing $ MM because customers are not paying for Capacity.  This will impact our ability to "go physical" starting next year.  2.	MISO vs. ARTO  IP is a member of the ARTO.  EPMI continues to try and establish only one RTO in the region.  I think this is why Dynegy won't state very clearly that 4 RTOs makes sense.  No $ impact, although this decision may impact our ability to "go physical" starting next year in Illinois.  3.	CTC Bet in ComEd  My recollection (talking with Harry K.) is that we pre-sold a CTC roll-off in ComEd that could cost our business around $10 MM if it doesn't happen.  Most talk in Illinois is that CTC should end early for big customers, so not sure if this is an issue.  4.	Delivery Service Tariff Litigation  ComEd and IP have filed to increase their rates on Delivery Service Tariffs (but not on Bundled customers because there is a statutory rate cap).  EES told us originally that this could cost as much as $50MM, but current estimates are closer to $10MM for ComEd and $2MM for IP.  5.	PPO (Power Purchase Option) Termination  ComEd is pushing to end the PPO service.  PPO provides a re-sell service to marketers while sharing the Mitigation Factor with customers.  It is the service we use to "deliver" today in ComEd.  IP will probably terminate this service because their stranded costs are expected to end sooner, hence, not a major issue for IP?  6.	Relative Size of Current EES Book  ComEd	=	7.8 MM Mwh (extends through 2010) IP	=	1.3 MM Mwh (extends through 2008)  Hope this helps.  Data will improve with more time.  Jim 
 sounds like the right approach to me 
 lower rates first - they still don't get it 
  Does this process conform w/ regulatory reqts? 
 yes.  just info.  may help to have Sue Landwehr on call to hear your thoughts.  JIm 
 Good memo. 
 Sue --  Please follow up with Roskow at the CPUC.  I hope that he can get an answer before EOB Monday next week.  Please keep me in the loop on this.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Keep up the good work.  Jim 
 Please include as appropriate.  Jim 
 Looks good.  I agree that making arguments about merchant generation "stranded costs" is questionable, better to couch this as "structural impact on market participants".  More importantly, if I bought 50% of generation in one market, and FERC changes their rules, seems like I either (a) sell generation and take the loss or (b) get regulatory risk insurance.  FERC has the right to make markets work.  Finally, on the issue of blanket authority, I think that the CAISO model is a good example of why this may not work for Enron.  In the long-run, as a market-maker, Enron needs workable markets.  A good test case would have been this - under FERC's proposed rules, would FERC have granted market-wide waiver in California?  If FERC is comfortable with the result, than move ahead.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Becky --  I hope that I didn't come across too strongly just now.  Our budget is again under fire by the business groups and I want to try and do everything we can to create value for the businesses.  I appreciate what you are doing on this.  Thanks for everything.  I understand the bind we are in with timing and the importance of getting this report in to FERC.  Jim 
  This story appears to be about residential.  Do we know if C&I has feared so poorly?  What are the problems with entering the market for those customers?  Have these customers been angry or pleased?  Jim 
 Jean --  Please take the lead working with Mike D Smith to clarify that we don't have any issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sue & Kerry -  Do you know if anyone is going to this?  Should we work with EPSA to publish an EPSA piece that corresponds to this?  Jim 
 HERE IS THE NEW FILE. 
  What do you think that about having Kerry take the lead on all MAPP area RTOs while also supporting Roan in MISO/ARTO?  Not top priority but I think this could be a good opportunity.  Jim 
 Lamar  -  There is alot of noise in the media to find some customers who will state for the public record that they will be harmed by the retroactive suspension of DA.  At one point, you were going to get some customers' names & contact info to pass along to the media.  Any luck?  Karen Denne with PR is getting quite a few phone calls from California media sources.  The strategy has to be to downplay Enron and have the customer pitch "their pain" by this action of the CPUC.  Give me or Karen a call.  Jim 
 Your call.  I'll support you on whatever you decide.  Jim 
 I saw this recently.  It's true AND funny.  This place is amazing.  Jim 
 Thanks.  It was a nice dinner.  Jim 
 I don't think that it is one of our top issues.  I'd recommend that we stay out.  Jim 
 Janet --  Going forward Govt Affairs will coordinate with Services and Product Development (and other EWS and EES groups as appropriate, e.g. Credit) to ensure compliance with (1) licensing/registration, (2) bonding/security, (3) regulatory reporting, and (4) other.  I have asked Gloria Ogenyi to lead this effort for us.  We will need other groups to appoint a Lead for their teams as soon as possible (I will work with Evan, Legal, and Product Development to find out the appropriate people).  I fully concur with Rogers that within all new Product Development activities there must be a clear analysis of our obligations and appropriate resource allocation to continue supporting the market activity.   As important, just because we don't want to attract new business in a given market doesn't mean that our responsibilities have ended.  We need to ensure that our Product Development activities are accounting for the costs of these obligations over the long-term.  To ensure that we are selling in accordance with applicable regulations, I would recommend that Gloria be on the Product Development sign-off sheet.  In addition, we have already begun reviewing obligations, etc. for our current market activity (both wholesale and retail).  I will talk with Gloria to build the matrix of issues you referenced.  Our goal is to make current all of our market obligations.  I will call you to provide an update on the market review when I have more information.  If you want to talk about this, please call.  Thanks,  Jim  PS - I'll ask Gloria to give you an update on the IL bonding status. 
 Can we talk about this and a number of other issues tomorrow?  I'll try and get Linda Noske to arrange a time.  Jim 
 Thanks.  It makes sense for Gloria and Rebecca to get together (I am available to talk tomorrow and have asked Gloria to set something up).  Also, we need to work together to make sure that EES' reports, taxes, and other requirements are filed in a timely fashion (with the right internal groups).  On the IL Bond issue, there must be a disconnect between us and the ICC.  The ICC believes that our Bond isn't current.  Maybe we can figure this out together tomorrow?  Call if anyone has any questions.  Jim 
 Agreed. 
 FYI 
 Please get this to Fundamentals.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Janine --  What does this do to our current book of customers on MSG?  Will our $$ margin evaporate?  Is there some other "solution" on how to restructure the FE retail market?  What wholesale issues does FE need to change to help the EWS desk?  Jim 
 Lisa --  You should also attend.  Jim 
 Ok.  But if this case ends up in Settlement, we should have our priorities outlined before the case.  Jim 
 Attached please find the Nov GA report.  Please call with any questions.  Jim 
 Mike --  I'm guessing that Sue and/or Jeff have responded.  The short answer is that there are going to be a number of legal tests before we are "completely" in the clear.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Let's get together (just you and I) and figure out how we can make sure our teams are working together.  I am sure that you don't want to worry about this stuff any more than I do.  How about for 15 minutes after the EES Op Comm on Monday?  Jim 
 Had a call from Tribolet.  He agrees (as does Lisa M.) that we need to rationalize our California legal support.  Can we outline our key cases?  Also, my opinion is to continue to use Mike Day but have YOU as the only "point of contact" for approval of work.  Let's talk today.  We will need to talk with Vicki.  Jim 
 Documents developed for NARUC by Janel, etal.  Jim 
 Glenn Thomas was the chief guy in the Gov office during PECO but was relatively quiet.  He is now the Chair of the PaPUC.  He will probably just discuss how wonderful a job PA is doing.  I don't think that he'll want to pick on Calif.  If you want to talk with him prior to the meeting, I can give him a call or Steve Montovano can arrange something.  Jim 
 FYI 
 That's good.  Jim 
 Agreed. 
 Did we want to get off the Creditors Comm. 
 Your thoughts??  Jim 
 Here is the note. 
 Any issues for the P/Ls or for Tim Belden in the West?  Jim 
 FYI.  Also, does the same obligation present itself in Illinois?  Are there any restricitions or obligations on EES as a marketer in IP territory?  Jim 
 FYI.  Jim 
 A couple of thoughts --  1.=09NG is trying to schedule a meeting in Columbus either Dec 4 or Dec 5.  2.=09I did speak with Ashley.  He indicated that NG has no specific inclina= tion to avoid LMP in the real-time.  He did not, however, confirm that NG w= as indifferent.  3.=09I am very concerned with the implication that Mike highlights in his p= oint #1.  NG may simply have misstated its intentions.  But clearly this po= sition makes it difficult for NG to join MISO under Appendix I (they would = be giving up too much).  4.=09I agree that what NG is really saying is a for-profit RTO with ownersh= ip of some (but not necessarily all) transmission plant in its footprint.  5.=09Let's try and coordinate our discussions with Paul Dawson in the Londo= n office to gather his thoughts on NG in the UK market.  Luiz -  Can you please develop some questions / talking points based on the= attached comments that we can transmit to Ashley Brown prior to the meetin= g?  Thanks 
 Jackie --  Pls send me a copy of the report.  Thx. 
 Mike --  EPMI is the QSE.  As long as our customers don't mind that we are deciding their congestion charges internally, then this should work.  My concern was that our customers would balk at Enron deciding how much of our costs they should pay?  Jim 
  Guys --  I understand the differences.  Becky is going to get on the EPSA call tomorrow and tell them that we are ok with the NOPR (and will file as such) and that EPSA should make sure to not blow up the NOPR (or try).  Becky if EPSA wants complete agreement, then they shouldn't file.  Grab me if you want to talk.  Jim 
 My initial take is to keep engaged through Perrino.  I'll try and make the call this Thursday.  Jim 
 Donna --  I'd say that it is a commercial matter.  Try and push the bill back.  I know that Paul says his RC is closed but someone above him has to have some $$.  Jim 
 Jean --  Why not ask Marianne Carroll to draft a short note on the current status of the docket and likely outcomes/timing?  Thanks. 
 My number is 713-853-7673.  See you Tuesday. 
 Nancy --  1.	Are we able to vote? 2.	If yes to #1, what is your recommendation for our vote?  Thanks,  Jim 
 We need to discuss the economics of this on our book (assuming that these costs hit our pocket and not our customers).  Jim 
 Denise --  Do you have a listing of all bonds that EES (and its affiliates) has in place for retail marketing, including wholesale ISOs? Speaking with Gloria, we don't keep this information in Govt Affairs.  Rebecca Fite keeps bond information required in the State licensing processing.  The place that I think that is missing is Wholesale Service providers (e.g., ISOs).  I think that we need to expand this idea of Bonding to "Financial Guarantees" including with Utilities, States, and Wholesale Service Providers.  Maybe the best way to start is to work backwards from EES active markets and determine what is needed in each locale?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Andy --  I was speaking yesterday with Chuck Ward.  He indicated that we continue to have (or may have soon) litigation surrounding our ownership interest in Cornhusker.  This is important primarily because the Texas Public Utility Code requires that the PUC approve any merger of generators that will have a combined ownership of over 1% - which Dynegy and Enron will have.  I want to make sure that we represent our ownership interest to the PUC appropriately given the current dispute.  If you have any specifics, please let me know or give me a call.  Thanks,  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Why does Edison care about DWR stranded costs?  Are these the costs of the bonds or the above market long-term contracts?  Jim 
 I assume we are happier with this message? 
 Rick --  Please find attached the asset report in Texas.  Enron's ownership depends on what day the filing is made (for instance, Indian Mesa won't be active until Dec and may be sold immediately).  Also, there is an on-going arbitration with Cornhusker about our ownership right.  Andy Edison has the lead from EWS legal.  Jim 
 Rick --  Here is the information on staffing and outside services.  Call if you need anything else.  Jim 
 ok 
 This means that the DST proceeding moves forward - right?  How about a phone call at 3pm HOUSTON TIME to catch up on all matters?  Jim 
 Lunch works.  I thin 11:45 is best.  Jim 
 Attached is the most recent statement from the California Utilities that implements the DA Suspension (filed Friday). Comments are due Nov 28 (Wed) from parties.  The Utilities continue push for a "hard" deadline of DA.  They also offer an option where Suppliers would be required to submit a Affidavit for incremental DASRs and potentially have the CPUC review the specific contract language.  Of course, in no event do they believe that any customer should be allowed to have DA service if the customer's name was not on our Oct 5 Customer List.  Jeff and I will be talking with Mike Smith (and anyone else who wants to participate) to work through our response to these comments.  Jim 
 Not sure yet.  We will be talking with AReM and will want your input.  We may have to file but not sure.  Jim 
 Linda & Sarah --  I intend to come to DC tomorrow night and attend the EPMI v. FERC hearing (if I still have a seat).  I'm planning on attending the GENI meeting Wed pm and Thurs.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I know that was the plan and we do intend to work with AReM, but we may have to file if our needs aren't met.  Jim 
 Thanks for the invite but I'll think the DC team should brief Greg on the beltway politics and energy policy.  I'll join you guys at the Supreme Court invitation window.  Jim 
 Gloria --  Where are we on a matrix of Utility agreements?  Jim 
 How about heading off campus - less likely to run into Enron people.  Let's meet in the parking lot entrance (right where the little store is on the way to the Met) at 11:30.  If anything comes up, call me on my cell at 713-851-2499.  Jim 
 I would like to take something to Dan Leff by end of business tomorrow.  Whatever we have.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jim --  How about breakfast on Wednesday this week?  I'm coming in tomorrow night and could do breakfast on Wed.  Jim 
 Draft. 
 After talking with Dan, I intend to set up a meeting to provide complete matrices on licensing and utility contracts sometime early during the week beginning Dec 3.  Also, just to make sure everyone is clear, Harry, Gloria, and Rebecca are on point during the next few weeks to ensure that that EES and/or EPMI responds timely to any request for info, additional security, or other utility matters.  This, of course, will continue to require help from legal, credit, and operations.  If anyone has any other questions, please give me a call.  Thanks. 
 EES does not sell power except potential if it overschedules to their retail load and "sells" balancing energy to IP.  I'm not even sure if we are delivering any energy to any customers in the market.  I'll send to Rogers Herndon.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Jean --  Is the PUC going to agree on AEP's motion (please see below)?  What are we = doing to stop this movement?  AEP is ready to go in Ohio with the same noti= ce but just haven't done anything in TX.  Jim 
 During the merger, transactions between a regulated company of one of the partners (IP / PGE) should not do business with the other.  If EES or EPMI is buying or selling from IP, please let me know.  Also, if we are delivering to retail load behind the IP market, we may need to make sure that our actions are with the code of conduct.  I don't think that we have to worry much with PGE side because EPMI and EES are already acting within the code of conduct.  Jim 
 Molly --  Please let either Gloria or Harry know if you need our assistance.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks for keeping Wes and Mary Lynne informed.  I give this chance a very low probability right now, but we'll see.  Jim 
 Can we change the project lead on the RTO NOPR on Standards of Conduct to be both Lisa Yoho and Leslie Lawner?  Also, can you call the project leads before the memo goes out to make sure that they are aware of their responsibilities - just a heads up?  In paragraph 2, your language is that this is addressed only to the people on the chart.  I think that Rick intends to send out to everyone in GA.  Maybe we want to change to indicate that people are welcome to be included in teams if they were not mentioned.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jim --  Just trying to follow-up on the next meeting?  Any news? 
  Alan & Paul --  See John Shelk's e-mail below.  Alan, you may want to coordinate.  Jim 
  Harry & Nancy --  I am somewhat concerned that the implications of having to act as tax collector is creating a push to change the way REPs work with the T&D company.  In Enron's advocacy throughout my years, we have always asked the PUCs to make the marketer the "customer of record" - better limits the Utility control over the market.  Now it appears that this good decision of the PUCT has tax implications and means that we have to process the taxes.  I don't see that trying to support a change is a good thing from our long-run business.   Moreover, if we are paying Gross Receipts taxes and didn't include them into our customer costs than we made a mistake.  This is a cost of our business.  Let's talk.  Jim 
 Jo Ann --  Do you know if Dan Staines has an active Employment Contract?  JIm 
 haven't checked voice mail at home - in DC. have time to talk right now on phone?  Jim 
  Jeff --  How about a call tomorrow to discuss?  Jim 
 FYI.  The first memo. 
 Guys --  We need to quickly put together some talking points on how to respond to AEP's request for delay until 2003.  My understanding is that AEP in Texas is wholly outside of ERCOT (if wrong - please inform).  AEP needs only to file a good amendment to the FERC OATT (or SPP needs to do it for them) ASAP.  My basic model for provisioning of energy for retail competition in non-ERCOT Texas is that delivery to the border of the OATT provider (for instance delivering a into-Entergy product into Arkansas and paying for losses would be sufficient for delivery into the Woodlands).  Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner.  Thanks 
 Paul --  What happens if BPA doesn't join?  Jim 
 Pls come by at 11am.  Thx. 
 Agreed.  In fact, my understanding is that the ERCOT protocols state that if congestion is greater than $20 MM / year the model would change.  The market has reached $100 MM.  Jim 
 Dave --  Can you please send to Rick Shapiro the agenda for next Wednesday's meeting?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Steve --  I will be traveling back from CA tomorrow so I can't make the call.  Some things to be aware of --  1.	EES/EEMC v. SCE Complaint  We filed Aug 30 before the CPUC asking the CPUC to re-instate our customer net bill amounts.  Jeff Dasovich will call John Fielder to try and see if there is anything that we can do without litigating the case (or at least delay until after legislative session).  If complaint moves forward, SCE will probably consolidate the complaint with earlier disputes.  Enron is preparing similar filing for PG&E, although we need to seek Relief from the Stay.  2.	California Legislation  SCE MOU bill (that includes DA issues) moved Aug 29 through Assembly Energy Committee.  Needs to go to Assembly Appropriation and full Assembly.  Hertzberg is trying to get out by weekend or early next week.  By removing the conservation easements, the bill has lost some liberal Democrats.  Governor Davis is asking Business to find 15+ Republicans to move the bill.  Trying to modify (1) surcharge effective date to Sept 1+ and (2) get more comfort that SCE will pay our Negative CTC if $$ exists.  Also, the Windfall Profits bill has moved through Assembly Committee.  It has to go through Assembly Appropriation and full Assembly.  Jennifer Thome has prepared a synopsis that is attached.    3.	AG Subpeona / Sen Dunn Subpeona  Litigation about both Subpeonas was heard this week in SF and Sacramento.  Mike Kirby believes that he may have swayed the Court in the Sen Dunn to provide a protective order.  A final decision may be issued next week.  4.	FERC Refund Case  Enron presented its "ripple" claim earlier this week.  Range of refunds (non-netted) is very large (please see Bob Frank for exact $$).  I have also attached a calendar of both cases prepared by Alan Comnes.  Oral testimony is being prepared in PNW case for next week.    5.	NE RTO Mediation / SE RTO Mediation  Both proceedings come to a close this week with an expectation that the ALJ issues a recommendation next week (or soon thereafter).  Looks like the best date that a large number of parties can agree to for a single NE RTO energy market is Nov 03 (PJM thinks it can happen by May 03 but wants some cushion).  Sarah Novosel is trying to best position us vis-a-vis the other stakeholders to drive it earlier.  Also, ICAP and control area consolidation is not considered at this time.  Christi Nicolay believes that the ALJ will recommend moving toward a PJM model.  6.	CPUC Decision to Suspend DA Retroactive  Sue Mara continues to push the CPUC to remove the retroactive date in the current Proposed Decision.  Some rumors that the CPUC will again delay a decision until Sept 13 (confirming so please keep close). 
 HERE ARE THE FINAL SLIDES. 
 Wade --  Home 281-759-8270 Cell 713-851-2499 
 We should also make sure that Paul Kaufman and Pat Keene attend.  Thanks 
 Thanks for the info. I'll leave in your and Leslie's capable hands.  Jim 
 Sarah --  Should we try and lobby any of these witnesses prior to next week?  I was thinking about John Meyer and Peter Cramton specifically.  Jim 
 I'd have Susan Lindberg and Charles take on this.  Jim 
 John --  On this bill, I would think that as far as our competitive businesses go, we should work through EPSA.  Better to have the industry speaking with one voice.  To that end, do we know where EPSA is on this - Reliant and Mirant will have a much larger impact.  Finally, we probably will need this ability for our Control Area operators.  Jim 
 I think that Kerry Stroup is handling non-MISO/ARTO midwest matters. 
 John --  I'm heading up tomorrow.  Do we need a call today to make sure that my ducks are still in a row?  I don't have the Barton draft handy.  Jim 
 Shirleen --  Can you please send me the most recent version?  Thanks. 
 Vicki --  FYI.  This bill continues to move.  Jennifer Thome prepared this synopsis.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  I'll ask Jennifer to keep you updated on any changes and status.  Jim 
 Pls get with Susan to make sure coverage is appropriate.  Jim 
 Sounds good to me.  I'm out on Wednesday but in the rest of the week.  Jim 
 My comments --  I assume that in the Enron filing we will make a stronger argument for sticking with the 12-15-02 date?  Also, critical to highlight that the FERC should have one "major" change date, not multiple given the liquidity problems with significant regulatory change.  Finally, break out competitive retailers in the list of the ONE RTO Coalition. Every state inside this region (except VT) has competitive retail access.  Furthering this effort with further the policy directions of the states by lowering wholesale prices and making business "easier" for companies like EES.  We should play this up.  We are really pushing hard on the physical retail gen side in NYC and Boston and taking another look at PA and MD - this is the real benefit - that consumers' bills go down.  I didn't see that language on consumer benefits.  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Please stay closely linked with the RTO Week activities to try and read Wood's questions.  Also, John Meyer from Reliant is testifying.  What will be his position?  Should we talk with him this week to coordinate and try and move him the right way?  Wasn't he the head of Congestion Management in ERCOT originally?  I think this is Wood trying to ask him how ERCOT works.  What will he say?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sarah --  Pls coordinate with Kerry Stroup.  He is the Mike Roan of the Upper Midwest.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Is this moving forward?  Jim 
 Sue and Jeff --  I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already on DA).  Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter.  My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this (maybe?) and our #1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state.  Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward?  Thanks. 
 Janine --  I have not yet talked to Kerry about this but the Translink is moving forward.  Will you do it today?  Jim 
 FYI 
 Sounds like flying Sunday night.  Jim 
 Please do.  Jim 
 Howard --  If the ONE RTO doesn't have a day-ahead market, what happens?  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 If you need anything else, please let me know.  Jim 
 Talk with John Shelk in our DC office.  Jim 
 Ban --  Sorry to take so long to reply.  Family is fine post NYC attacks.  Not sure if we have any needs right now.  I'll keep you in mind as the Budget / Staffing moves forward.  Take care,  Jim 
  Looks fine.  Thanks for everything.  Jim 
 Thane --  Pls work with Christi and Sarah to find a time to call John.  Jim 
 Dasovich this is in your court.  Jim 
 I looked at it today on the plane.  I don't see any issues although we are in the middle of budget process and will see if this impacts this request.  Jim 
 Charles --  If the RTO has the Interchange function, what else is needed for "virtual" consolidation?  Jim 
 Need to also include the moneys owed to Enron and its affiliates related to the wholesale power transactions.  We should also seek to clarify the language about us supporting the PE Advice Letter proposal on going-forward.  Jim 
 The EWS West Power URM desk will need to determine the $$ at stake and help us manage our financial exposure and the appropriate policy response.  It's their $$.  So far, my understanding from the desk is that our current policy recommendations (as outlined in the Mike Smith memo) are the "preferred" outcome - I'll reconfirm.  Jim 
 Rick --  This is the spreadsheet.  Jim 
 Louise --  Here is the analysis on how many Govt Affairs' FTEs work on Enron Americas matters.  The bottom line = 67 Professionals in group / 29 FTEs on Enron Americas.  Call if you want additional information.  Also, I am trying to arrange a meeting for this Friday to discuss our next Monthly Update (which I am finishing hopefully tomorrow).  Thanks,  Jim 
 perfect. 
 Pat --  I received your voice mail.  Will be testifying this morning.  I will try and call later today.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Fine.  I still think that any obligation is a mistake.  Just improving a bad market is not going to help.  Make sure that Dan Allegretti is in the loop.  NEPOOL is putting something like this together.  Jim 
 On point #1 - I think that at the end of the day, FERC will not deal with the Negative CTC directly.  All they will do is reset prices.  The Utilities and the CPUC will then have to decide the legality and the equity of modifying the PX Credit and hence the Negative CTC.  We have tried in the CA Refund process to highlight the fact that much of the "high" prices were due to inappropriate policy and actions of the CPUC, Governor, and Utilities.  The core problem with this line of argument is that the Refund process didn't ask the first question - what or who is to blame.  It simply took dysfunction and ran.  We are trying in the context of the Rehearing case to ask FERC to restart with the right question.  Also, remember that we aren't going to have a solution in the FERC case until sometime next year, probably after SCE gets its money.  Finally, I think that the right policy decision is not to "re-bill" Negative CTC but rather to prospectively recover the costs.  On point #2 - See point above.  I doubt, however, that all "high" prices can be seen as just a result of underscheduling.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Fair points.  My dogma machine is running at high today.  Don't disagree with your thoughts.  Let's get the answer that works for the business for the long-term.  Jim 
  Not too sure how important, but wanted everyone to see the discussion from Jamie Wimberley at CAEM.  Jim 
 Diann --  I agree with Bob.  Please let us know as soon as possible if SCE is willing to discuss this fairly.  Jeanne --  I guess that we would update our Complaint if need be?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Steve --  We did originally file that the replacement for the PX Credit should be the DJ Index.  My recollection is that we did withdraw this argument, however I've include Sue Mara on this to double check.  If we haven't, I'd guess that is no longer URM's position?  Jim 
 FYI.  Probably too early for you guys.  Jim 
 Not that I know?  Jim 
 David --  My thoughts.  I would change the section "Reliability" to "Operations".  The Current framework is Non-standardized;  Poor Seams Interface  Under Access to Transmission I would change it to say that "Not all Users on the System take service in a non-discriminatory manner."  Utilities can't discriminate versus like users.  Under Generation - I would change "optional" to Optimal.  I don't also understand the 99%.  Easier to say 100%*   * - Public Power recipricoity issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Ok.  Thanks.  I hope that Lora can send a copy.  Jim 
 Yes.  Peter is the one who I spoke with.  My testimony went fine.  Me too.  Jim 
 Steve --  Got a note from EES that there was a Energy Summit in MA to discuss next steps of restructuring today.  The meeting is today.  Are you going?  Did anyone go?  Thanks 
 Thanks for the info.  While there may be some differences in presentation, there don't appear to be any basic differences in the analysis.  All of the discussions of the legislation need to be aware that the passage is highly uncertain.  I agree with the analysis that if you have never been DA and sign up today there is a very large possibility that you will pay a surcharge (assuming the legislation passes).  Let me know if there is anything else.  Jim 
 Jamie --  Thanks for the external view on legislation.  I agree that most of the bills don't "get it right" - the hope is that the FERC can do that without too much legislative guidance (which of course would be wrong).  Not sure that setting up a new federalism on this will ever work - not enough $$ to states to get them to overcome the political power of the utilities.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Thanks Janine.  Also, please keep Paul Kaufman and Jean Ryall in the loop. = We need to make sure that we do this nationally. =20  Thanks.  Jim 
  FYI 
 This is especially problematic given that EES and ENA can not comply with the reqts as defined.  Jim 
 Agree.  In fact this was John Anderson's only problem.  My position would be to simplify Bingaman's language to not define any organization.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Janine --  I want to make sure that our comments allow both a retail option and a wholesale option.  Let's also focus the PUCO on the fact that bidding leading to negotiations is the best solution, allows for creativity.  Jim 
 Please coordinate on this.  Jim 
 Here is my testimony.  I have one attachment that is being sent via fax.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Attached is the testimony that I filed today asking thh PUC of Texas to open the retail markets in the SPP territory.  Thanks,  Jim 
 thanks. 
 The best outcome is that there is an obligation to dispose of load through this but the mechanism is negotiated.  Jim 
 I read the same.  It was crazy.  Their solution is to tell us to do what we said didn't make sense.  We won't give the FERC made up information.  Jim 
 Thanks for the draft.  Will circulate internally and respond.  Jim 
 Here is PJM's attempt at NERC language.  I think it makes sense for us to support this.  Jim 
 My understanding is that we are going to work Ark.  Jim 
 Mary Lynne -  Do you need anything on this?  Jim 
 How about Wednesday Oct 17 next week at 9am?  Jim 
 Thanks.  No major issues.  Jim 
 Thanks but my group has an all day budget meeting.  Maybe some other time.  Jim 
 Yes.  Her name is Linda Noske. 
 Susan --  When we get to a point to make comments, please let me know.  Jim 
 What does this mean??  Jim 
  Harry & Christi --  We need to be coordinating on this.  You both met with these people at different times.  I don't want to be creating work or stepping on each other.  I don't think there is any problem, but let's sit down and coordinate.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Alan Comnes --  Please let me know what we're doing on this?  You are the Project Lead.  Go get 'em.  Jim 
 Sarah --  You're call on working with EPSA.  Get everything you can.  I don't understand how "new services" is moving fast enough.  Jim 
 Sorry.  I'll be in Austin testifying.  Jim 
 good luck 
 Guillermo -  Before you send any letters, please make sure that Steve Montovano is the in loop.  He manages that region.  Jim 
 Change the language on Operations to include ...Coordination of Service and Planning for Transmission ...  Thanks,  Jim 
 No.  Although the lack of a concrete decision is a "decision" - just not one we like.  Our goal is to get this dealt with by end of November.  Jim 
 Christi --  Some interesting language for the ICAP team.  Please forward along.  Jim 
 No.  Just wanted your thoughts.  Thanks. 
 Jeff --  In a budget meeting, will call this afternoon unless something critical.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sorry that I didn't get to you sooner.  The head of the group is Tim Battaglia who is the best person to work with.  Jim 
 Not really.  I tried to get to talk to her but never could get an opportunity.  Jim 
 Didn't get invited.  Are you going?  I don't plan on sending anything - do you think we should even though we didn't get any invitations?  Jim 
 I'll play the cheap course.  Jim 
 Ray --  Looks very good.  We need to stress the points on what we need FERC to do -- fix their mistakes in the Rehearing.  One other point, maybe we should stress that FERC could open these proceedings and not delay the decision because the Cal ISO is taking so long.  Also, don't be shy about describing how the process is going so slowly and the "abuses" of the Cal ISO and its lack of independence.  Jim 
  Jose & Charles --  Thanks for the update.  I am concerned that "customers" are talking about h= aving NERC deal with commercial matters without first agreeing to FERC's co= ntrol over everything? =20  We should discuss the Goulding Report when you return.  Jim 
 Let me know about how you intend to move forward.  Probably the same team as the CA reporting.  Also, what did AGA do with its Storage Figure Report?  I heard that they cancelled the publication.  Jim 
 Sure. 
 Thanks.  We will discuss in context of State review.  Jim 
 I'd say we want tariff language before any investigation.  I don't typicall= y like investigations.  I like complaints.  My thought is to pre-sell tarif= f changes to FERC with a broad coalition and then get the Ohio PUC to ask F= ERC the question.  Jim 
 FYI.  Call Jeff if you have more questions.  Jim 
 Does this make sense?  Jim 
 I'll go to the Houston meeting.  Jim 
 Should this go into Janine's efforts on Markets?  Jim 
 Thanks.  I want to talk about this on the "Consultants" call with Linda Robertson.  Should we push this argument or leave the FERC with its infirmities?  I believe that we can work away at many of our concerns in the "should refunds be reqd" phase.  Jim 
 Jeff --  Look at the letter.  I see no issues.  Call me with your thoughts.  Jim 
 Thanks for the information.  At this time, I don't think that I am interest= ed in any reports.  Jim 
  Please put in swepco file for thurs.  Thx, 
 Pls put in SWEPCO file.  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls include in the file.  Jim 
 Jean --  You may want to call Jeff and find out where he is going with this talk?  We still need to meet with a detailed plan on Texas.  Maybe next week or soon thereafter.  Jim 
 Pls put in my SWEPCO folder. 
 FYI 
 I think that this is a good step but we need to remember that NERC in the commercial sector may not prove to be the end all.  Also, while RTOs may enforce the standards or set the standards, not sure if we want one organization doing both.  Jim 
 Any time you want to you should feel free.  Jim 
 Did we decide not to join with anyone else?  Jim 
 HERE IS THE REPORT.  Jim 
 Great idea.  My key points would be that (a) FERC needs to push ahead with its "right sized" RTOs and (b) focus on standardizing the tariff and market design [no more collaborative efforts].  Two simple, easy to understand thoughts.  Also, I think that it's a mistake to use the term "large RTOs".  We don't want large RTOs.  We want RTOs that cover natural markets and benefit consumers.  Jim 
 Looks good.  Is there a timeline on when FERC may act (or at least when the Audit) will be final?  Is this information confidential?  Should we be working the trade press?  Thanks,  Jim 
 If FERC agrees, does this hurt our retail business and the implementation of our retail gen product next year?  Jim 
 John --  To your point #3Burr --  Probably want to bring in Steve Montovano on the NC PUC question -- we have worked with a local lawyer in the past (I think her name is Allison Duncan) that could help with this question and demonstrate that having an RTO does NOT make a state deal with retail competition any sooner than it wants to deal with the question.  Steve Montovano could probably be of assistance here.  Maybe bring in Allison to DC to deal directly with the staff?  Jim 
 Steve --  What's up with GA PSA Wise wanting to open marketers books?  Saw this in Gas Daily today.  Any info is helpful.  Jim 
 There are some Commodity meetings.  One with Jim Wood and one with Greg Sharp.  Harry, can you please call and get on these meeting schedules?  Also, Guillermo Canovas and Melinda Pharms are going to the EES gas meeting weekly.  Jim 
 Damon --  Good idea.  I'm out early next week. How about next Thursday?  Jim 
 Seems reasonable to me that we tell NERC they can't "make a land grab".  How about EPSA and ELCON signing a letter together to the Chairman of NERC Board?  Jim 
 Christi --  DQE provides some level of audit capability to ensure that the costs are fair and apppropriate.  PGE may not have a resource specific system lambda but AW may be able to explain how they would implement something like this.  I know AW from some other issues so if things don't go well  let me know.  Also, please keep Alan Comnes in the loop.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Nancy, etal --  With the discussions at NERC recently to broaden their role, I think that we need to be very coordinated on our EISB message and begin to figure out how we get AGA to work with the Retail Gas and EEI/UBR to work with the Retail Power quadrants.  Let's think about a NARUC message to drive this very quickly (maybe at the next meeting).  Having one body begin to coordinate all of these matters will greatly expand our policy reach.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Are these papers consistent with Enron's positions?  Jim 
 No.  Jim Steffes 
 What do you think??  Jim 
 thanks 
 Jean --  The PUCT voted to delay for SPP markets.  Not sure about Entergy.  Any news?  Can you send out something to the business people?  Jim 
 Your thoughts?  Jim 
  It is critical to win this case.  Sounds to me that Dynegy wants ICAP in the Midwest.  Jim 
 Sounds reasonable.  Would the same be true about the DST case?  If we lose, without the PPO what do we have?  Jim 
 Pls call Steve.  Jim 
 Alan --  What about a simple price cap (ala PJM) of $250/Mwh rather than a gas-index deriviative?  Just a thought, do whatever the desk thinks is right.  Jim 
 sounds good.  pls talk with Bob Frank about his involvement in this group.  Jim 
 The first order of business is getting the cost/benefit analysis done.  Once we have that study, let's go to press.  Jim 
 23.51 
 thanks. 
 While I appreciate the concerns about the diffferences in East and West, we've waited too long for utilities to agree to make RTOs happen.  We can finesse this forever, but we need to give FERC some tools to force the process.  Jim 
 Can we have breakfast Wednesday morning at the Park Hyatt to discuss where we are and necessary next steps?  Given Southern's statements (as well as others), this is the key analysis that would hold up this from moving forward.  Jim 
 Pat --  Are we doing dinner with Keith Tuesday?  Jim 
  My Top 5   1.=09(  )  *Up to the minute restructuring data.  2.=09(  )  Catalog of Enron public documents [policy talking points, handou= ts]  3.=09(  )  Thumbnail analyses by industry experts on various topics  4.=09(  )  *Enron formal documents [filings, comments, testimony]  5.=09   Other - CUSTOMER NEWSLETTER / MONTHLY POLICY POSITION "push" 
 ok.  I'm booked all week but next week I can do it.  Jim 
 Yes.  And I'll need clubs (right handed).  Thanks for doing this,  Jim 
 Any idea when this will be rescheduled?  Jim 
 Tom --  Where do we stand with this?  Jim 
 A few notes.  1.	Be cautious about divestiture.  Remember we own pipes and a electric LDC.  2.	Agree with you that we don't want Utility in merchant role - key issue.  3.	POLR issue involves getting pricing right.  Why don't you put together a note to the CAEM that we can send as our thoughts.  Just the Top 5 issues.  Jim 
 Try to respond end of the week.  I'd like to see your drafts.  Jim 
 This evening and stay until Wed pm.  Jim 
 yes 
 I didn't get the attachment.  If you want my thoughts, please let me know.  Jim 
 Thanks for the update.  It is disappointing that AGA is not opening the pro= cess, although the final EISB Retail Gas standards will need to be vetted b= y an ANSI group so we'll get our comments in one way or the other.  Also, what are we doing to get the different states to adopt these protocol= s across the board?  Seems like pushing NARUC to agree that this is the rig= ht vehicle makes sense. =20  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks Luiz.  As a follow-up, I'd like to be on record as saying that the PUCT wasted my time in flying to Austin (when plane travel is not secure, I'd add) and not even listening to my statements.  Why bring us if they had already made the decision?  Also, I don't know who is going to pay for more Market Readiness work in SPP unless AEP agrees to pay our costs.  The customers pay for their activities.  Jim 
 Sounds good.  Please make sure that Jeff Brown in EES is kept in the loop if this gets close to goal line.  Jim 
 Wanda --  Who do I need to call at EPMI West Power to discuss the following -  We are considering proposing a Settlement for SCE.  The language we are considering on the Negative CTC is as follows.  Does this help or hurt?  Do we have "final ISO invoices"?  Please call me.  Jim 
 Lisa --  Let me know what you decide.  Jim 
 Barbara --  What's up with TN?  Did we ever solve the issue with Stokes Bartholomew funding with the commercial team?  Jim 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 Mike --  I'd shorten the letter to one page by simply referencing the State Commission's letter and issues.  Don't we want to also work on pushing a Mediation (or some other solution) right now?  Donna --  Pls check with Linda R. about filing.  It's important but let's make sure our overall FERC strategy is consistent.  Jim 
 Ok.  I may call Keith anyway.  Jim 
 cheers. 
  Sue, Mike, & Jeanne --  Attached is the letter from PG&E regarding our payment "issues".  Discussions this morning have this gameplan - 1.  file at CPUC and Bankruptcy the appropriate paper & $ to hold our issues.  We need to have a call at 12 Houston time to discuss and ensure that the filings are consistent.  If anyone has any problems, please let me know.  Jim 
 Randy --  Last minute, I'm coming to DC today through Wednesday afternoon.  Any chance to grab dinner or a beer?  You're probably swamped, but thought I'd check.  I'm staying at Park Hyatt  (24 and M) - leave a number if it works 202-419-6795.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Leaving for airport - can we talk in am???  Jim 
 Thanks.  If you need any additional support pls let me know.  Also, pls send my best to Thane and his family.  Jim 
 Vicki --  I will be in town on Thursday and available to meet.  Assuming that the meeting won't go for more than 1 - 1.5 hours, I'd be happy to attend.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Yes.  I've called Keith and he says he can also go.  Please call Lora Sullivan 202-466-9142 to arrange a time.  I'm good whenever.  Jim 
 I think that EES would like to send out some regulatory information on a re= gular basis.  Maybe qty instead of monthly.  Nothing formal right now.  Jim 
 Randy --  Dinner is at 7:45 pm at Cashion's Eat Place - 1819 Columbia.  Keith is coming.  Call me on my cell phone at 713-851-2499 with any problems.  Hope to see you there.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Charles & Jose --  The spinmisters are already at work.  People at FERC thought we had bought into the "new NERC" Enron DOES NOT SUPPORT NERC in working through commercial issues.  We need to develop our opinions of where to go next, but right now you can respond to Dave Nevius that we still don't believe that NERC and its process/organziation is the right vehicle.  We are willing to find a way to do this, but we can't have the same SRO bullshit that they have been saying for 3 years.  Sorry I missed the call.  I'll talk with you guys Friday.  Jim 
 No.  Talk with Pat Keene and/or Leslie Lawner.  We haven't done much on Arizona lately.  Jim 
 Ray --  These are being finalized today for filing tomorrow.  I'll send you final.  Jim 
 Jeff --  I'd leave the number blank for all parties to be discussed between the different parties.  Best way would be to have some Attachments for the amount that the companies can sign after everything else.  Don't want Dan Douglas to know the $$$ before Richard Sanders oks.  Jim 
 Roy --  Do we need to run a more thorough legal analysis to check?  I trust your th= oughts.  I just don't want to be left hanging.  I'd rather spend $2500 now = than have this come back and bite us in the $%*@.  Jim 
 I think when you add the publics into Southern they'll hit 40k.  It may make sense to send this question to Intellibridge.  We have their resource.  Call Margaret Allen in Houston she'll have their number.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 FYI.  Jim 
 Pat --  If you're in on Friday, let's sit down for 15.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Fine by me.  Not sure if I'd make so much of the recent FERC statements - may come true if we don't keep a straightforward message. 
 Agree. 
 Jeff --  How would we calculate EES' "contribution" to SCE undercollection?  Jim 
 How about 1pm Friday afternoon?  You on a plane.  Jim 
 Is there a room inside Enron?  Jim 
 We (Marianna and I) decided that with the new baby on the way - not sure if you knew this - that now wasn't the time to head to DC.  Although with the stock price and company in shambles, maybe it would be a more "conservative" bet.  Hope you're doing well.  Jim 
 Schriver --  No big deal.  Next time I'm in town I'll give you a little more notice.  Hope things are going well at State - for what it's worth, I think it would be a total mistake for America to stop our hunt for Osama during the Muslim religious month...I don't think the grieving families in NYC and around the Pentagon are going to stop their mourning for their loved ones during that timeframe.  Just one opinion out of millions.  Take care,  Jim 
 Luiz -  I would like to schedule a phone call with Nick and the PUCT staff to understand the implication of this...  Maybe he isn't asking for too much, but let's get some clarity before we say anything at FERC.  Can you please set something up with you, Christi, Jean and me for Friday pm and then we'll go outside next week??  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls set up a 30 minute meeting with Melinda tomorrow.  Thanks 
 I know that SCE is taking this position.  They are simple wrong.  Unless and until we get all of our "positive" CTC back from the Utility, why should I even begin to consider their "goofy" arguments.  In addition, SCE is receiving $3.3 B which is a full payment of all Negative CTC.  If their issue is to have a Undercollection charge against all customers, that's a different policy matter.  The CPUC agreed to the idea of Negative CTC and SCE needs to pay.  Also, if we are 5% of load and the Undercollection is $3.3 B, I think that SCE would be looking for $165 MM - our entire claim.  They aren't talking about 5% from our view $150 MM claim.  Jim 
 Thanks.  We're happy but Marianna is extremely sick - all day.  Enron could see $10 easily.  It's very bad!!!!!  Jim 
 David -  You should contact Mike Smith in EES legal.  He is the one to respond to this allegation.  My fax is 713-646-8160.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Need to talk this morning about our exposures.  Jim 
 Bill --  Steve Kean needs to talk with some analysts today about our CA exposures.  Can you send me your most recent information on our wholesale and Negative CTC exposures as soon as possible?  Call me with questions.  Jim 
 Christi's call. 
 Wade --  Attached are some additions.  Looks fine.  Mary Lynne Ruffer has the most recent Negative CTC numbers (my understanding is $405MM for PG&E and $100MM for SCE as of today).  Jim 
 Linda --  Please put on my calendar that I will not travel or go out of town for all of May 2002.  I will be in Houston during this period.  Thanks 
 Craig --  As we discussed yesterday, we would be very interested in a memo outlining a work product that would document the cost/benefit of RTOs.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call me at 713-853-7673.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Sue -  Received your voice mail.  Having AReM only file is ok with me.  Spoke with Lamar Frazier - Jeremy sounds worried.  Let's make sure that the contract question is vetted with internal and external lawyers - agree not to give CPUC any info.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI.  You may want to send out to RTO team.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Jeremy --  To let you know where we stand on the CPUC's Investigation on DA Suspension.  1.	Sue Mara is leading the effort to respond to the CPUC for Enron.  2.	We knew that the CPUC was at a minimum going to investigate how and/or whether to allow extensions of contracts and the application of other surcharge $$ to DA load given their earlier statements.  The issue on retroactivity is open primarily because they can ask these questions and (I believe) as leverage for other issues.  3.	We are coordinating with the big customers who recently left.  They are marshalling forces to oppose any retroactivity.  This is as much their fight as it is ours.  4.	At this time, Enron will file as a member of AReM.  We intend to oppose the CPUC's request for our contracts and transaction information.  If you want any other info or want to discuss further, let me know.  Jim 
  Vince --  I see that you are on the panel on market monitoring.  Dave Perrino and Alan Comnes are following the issue for Enron in the Western power markets as RTOs are formed.  It may make sense for some people from Govt Affairs to talk with you to discuss current issues and focus of FERC and others?  If we can get together, please let me know a good time.  Also, the attached paper from EPSA on Market Monitoring is something we support through our trade association.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Steve --  What's up??  Jim 
 Here are my thoughts.  Use as you see fit.  Jim 
 Lamar --  It is critical that every customer in California that switched (signed new or renewal customer) during this year.  We need a contact person for each account.  The key to securing a better date is to have the customers push the Governor and the Legislature and the CPUC.  We are able to provide phone numbers and contacts through our trade groups.  Jim 
 Let me know.  I'd talk with APS just to find out more details.  If we do, let's take Dave Perrino our wholesale guy to also talk about RTOs.  Jim 
 Some more information would be nice.  These seem low.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Jim 
 If made to choose, I'm for Option a) below.  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks for moving ahead.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Pls make sure the PUCT understands this.  Jim 
 Will do. 
 What record will FERC file today???  This is crazy.  Ray please call me whe= n you get in.  Jim 
 Who at Reliant said this???  I'd let them go forward and we'll do our own.  Jim 
 Looks like we need to make sure that this NERC / RTO policy dispute gets identified and recognized as what it is - discrimination.  Jim 
 Guillermo --  I should sign the letter.  Also, we should be consistent on affiliates given EPMI and Enron Gas Mktg.  We are affiliates of a pipeline.  We offer competitive services on the affiliated pipelines.  Let's be consistent with our own business.  When are you going to send the letter?  Jim 
 Sarah --  Do we need to replace Tom on the Reg Project list??  Jim 
 What did we do on this??  Jim 
 Rogers --  Harry Kingerski informed me that you and some team members were going to visit ConEd to discuss the Benchmark Rate Swap.  I think it's a great idea (Scott Gahn and I had discussed something similar a few years ago when he ran URM).  My only thoughts for you would be: 1) maybe difficult to do the swap with the Utility (given PUC oversight), but the Holding company should be in the same place financially and should be protected from PUC scrutiny and 2) being long T&D (assuming that you don't sell 100% of the position to customers) creates interesting regulatory questions.  I'd love to sit down with you to discuss this product.  Jim 
 Any luck on my password??  Jim 
 Mike --  When you have the list of customers we should contact, please let me know.  I should try and get back with Ashley today.  Jim 
 Chip --  Did you get the chance to look at the combined company?  Just interested.  Thanks 
 Dale --  Right now I'm in all of next week (although may have to travel on Thursday).  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls arrange a room for a visit from Ken Malloy on Nov 6 at 8:30 am.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Bob --  Where do we stand on the SCE stipulation?  I want to make sure that our push in SCE doesn't conflict or contradict something we are doing in the PG&E discussions.  Can we meet today?  Jim 
 Great plan.  Are we discussing today at 4 DC time?  Jim 
 Susan --  Please talk with Jeff Golden and the EES Dist Generation group to get their take as well.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Scott --  Any thoughts on this merger???  I would love to know how the financials would look post merger. 
 Charles --  My final edits.  Let's talk.  Also, please let John Shelk and Sarah look at before sending to EPSA.  Jim 
 I will let Ashley Brown know.  Do you have phone numbers for these guys?  Also, NG is willing to do a conference call late Wednesday or meeting on Thursday.  What do you think?  Jim 
 How about 2:30 CST?  Jim 
 Sounds good.  Should we put out a note through Ginger that indicates the changes???  Jim 
 How about 2pm EST - 1pm CST?  Jim 
 FYI.  EPSA looks interested in undertaking a cost-benefit analysis.  As soon as I hear more, I'll give everyone the info.  Jim 
 Thanks.  I want you on the call.  Try to do Wednesday pm conference call.  Jim 
 Thanks.  We have some relationship with Trans-elect - supported Trans-elect on the NG question of managing member of ARTO.  If you want to sit down with them, let me know.  Jim 
 Linda -  Pls print attachment.  Jim 
 3 is better.  Jim 
 Ashley -  We would prefer (given the schedules) to hold a conference call on Wednesday pm with a group of marketers/generators.  Seems like the easiest way to discuss with everyone.  It would be great to have a paper from NG earlier in the week.  Here is our list of recommended people.  Probably best to have NG or you call to invite (rather than Enron) to highlight your interest in brokering a deal in the Midwest.  Exelon 			(Jack Crowley)  	610 765 6612 Constellation 		(Harvey Reed)  	410 468 3480 Edison Mission Energy 	(Reem Fahey)  	312 583 6033 Reliant 			(John Orr)  	713 207 3490 Duke 				(Mike Gildea)	713 627 5529 or (Lee Barrett)  713 627 6519 Mirant 			(Jim Mayhew)  	478 579 3421 PG&E 				(Richard Doying) 	301 280-6780 Cinergy 			(Dennis Flaherty) ?????  Thanks,  Jim 
 Tom --  You may at some time want to cross train on NYISO rules - especially as the region integrates.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Dave --  Pat Keene is working on a number of issues before the NV Commission on retail access and unbundling (one thing being the implementation of DA for C&I).  Can you please reach out to him to help on some transmission issues involved in retail competition.  Thanks,  Jim 
 What lobbying did Enron do last year with regard to EnronOnline and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act? 
 thanks. 
 FYI.  Steve you may want to be on this call.  Jim 
 Seems to me that we need to engage in AZ (along with NV and OR?) in the Western states to try and push competition forward.  Why don't we first assemble a (1) what we know - what we don't know memo and then (2) look at oppotunities to push our agenda.  Leslie - everyone is looking to you to lead us to the promised land in AZ...  GO GET 'EM!!!!!!  Jim 
 Mike --  How about lunch at 11:30 - meet in the lobby?  Jim 
 Ricardo --  I tried to call this morning - no answer.  Pls give me a call today.  Jim 
  Please feel free to attend.  Jim 
 Sorry -- I need to be in Houston both days.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Fine.  Everything's crazy at Enron.  Just trying to keep my head down.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Do all REPs have to report this information - including our customer complaints?  Even if we only serve non-PTB customers?  Who is tracking this internally assuming we have to file it?  Do the business people understand this obligation?  Jim 
 Ok.  It seems that (1) we should try and get a handle on AZ - Leslie Lawner please put something together and (2) need a Market Plan on NV - Pat Keene put together.  Paul, I appreciate the issue with OR but I'd like to know what is the opportunity and make sure that PGE is not destroying our chances - Christi got wind of a Imbalance pgm that was punative to marketers.  Who can we meet with to discuss?  Jim 
 Following last week's meeting, here is my recommendation on how to proceed with SCE.  1.	Form Enron Negotiation Team  My recommendation is to use the same team we used with PG&E + Jeff Dasovich.  My understanding was that Lisa M. was the lead negotiator - I would not change this.  Jeff should only be there to make introductions.  2.	Meet & Confer (10/29)  Sue Mara and Jeff Dasovich will listen and report back to everyone on what happens.  3.	Reformed Stipulation  I would propose that we take a wait and see approach to this document.  Based on Dasovich's idea to get together with SCE on Thursday, maybe let this ride.  4.	Meeting  My understanding is that (Jeff D. please correct) SCE can meet with us this Thursday.  Can everyone make it that needs to be there?  Probably meet in California.  We should put the laundry list on the table.  Please let me know what else we need to discuss or if anyone disagrees.  Thanks,  Jim 
 To discuss this outline and our issues list, can people attend a 2pm Houston Time call.  The meet and confer may be on-going, but maybe either Jeff or Sue can jump off.  Linda Noske will be sending out a call-in number.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Nancy --  I don't understand.  Will this delay the opening of the ERCOT Tx market???  We must do everything possible to open the market on time - Jan 1 2002.  Jim 
 We also need to check reporting for post Jan 1.  Gloria can you make sure that Rebecca Fite knows this.  Jim 
 Luiz --  Yes there has been a shift in the thinking - away from the "natural gas" model and toward the financial structure.  Some of this is related to the political realities of the US market and FERC.  Some is that our traders in the East are comfortable with PJM and have been making term markets at PJM West hub.  All of this assumes that we should be able to migrate to a more physical model if the industry needs to later.  I do think that it would be helpful for you to get together and work up a discussion for all Government Affairs to explain the key differences and what policy discussions we need to focus upon - (i.e., setting up good "hubs" and auctioning transmission rights).  Also, I think that any thoughts you have on the implications for EES are important.  Not sure that either model is really "great" for competitive retailers.  The difficulty is that our predictions of load and the actual usage will always be different.  As long as (1) our analytics have the data to "price" basis between hubs and from a hub to a customer and (2) there is no discrimination in allocation of transmission rights then our ability to sell at retail will be competitive.  Jim 
 I was hoping to meet with PGE (but will hold off it is imprudent).  Christi has reviewed something.  I'll loop her in to find out all the details.  Jim 
 Christi --  What's the latest on the PGE imbalance method??  Jim 
 My fault for not making it clear that you should have been in the loop.  We will send out a message across the board to help with this.  Jim 
 This is critical that we are all pushing this...  Please let me know if any obstacles develop.  Jim 
 Are we still friends?? 
 Nancy --  Go get 'em!!!  You'll do great.  Just be factual and explain how you've worked on these issues in multiple states.  Jim 
 Good job.  Jim 
 My thoughts --  1.	Focus more on Tariff standardization (I think that this is the key issue for Enron because LMP based bid balancing market is almost a done deal - and the Texas market seems to be fine for liquidity).  Build around a new proforma with a NETWORK PLUS model. 2.	I would highlight that size matters - re-double our arguments and documents on natural markets in this filing as attachments. 3.	I would highlight the importance of ending the control area benefits and also strengthen the arguments for no source/sink requirement. 4.	The gas / power industries are different not because the amount of vertical integration (ie, CNG) but because of the geographic reach.  Many LDCs used Columbia p/l, but only one LDC uses AEPs.  The electric market needs transmission to be "rationalized" across the marketplace so moving power to where it's needed from where it's at. 5.	Should we attack the 209 Boards?  Agree that they are unnecessary, but pls be careful.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Janine --  Good job.  On the hourly market price index, until we have LMP dispatch, the best we can do is a public index.  Let's not ask for too much.  Just something we can hedge against.  Can you talk with the EWS folks for the best index option???  Also, if the default is a monthly public index, why do the customer's need any "parking"?  They can move directly to the new option.  What is your definition of "functioning wholesale market"?  Are we stating that unless an RTO is running, we can't get rid of the PPO?  Maybe just resolve the Imbalance issue.  More specifics would be helpful.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Trying to put something together.  Jim 
 Hope you and Gracie are having a good day!!  I miss you guys.  California is a difficult State to understand.  Things are crazy.  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar.  Also, how do I find out how much vacation I have?  Jim 
 Think the best thing is to let it ride - no sense in discussing because we don't have a solution for them.  See if any intelligence on how hard they are going to push NPCo to fight us.  Jim 
 Yes.  Thanks. 
 Ok.  Also, don't forget about the Dynegy v. ComEd dispute at FERC.  Important for us in our physical business.  Probably want the letter to be a little more specific on a monthly index v. an hourly.  Also, what about the 400 kw size distinction, is this the right #?  May want to talk with Jim Wood.  Isn't the DST question also important?  The ICC's decision will impact the need for a PPO.  Jim 
 Charles --  The RTO week stuff is different from SSO stuff, right?  Jim 
 Gloria --  Vicki Sharp was interested in trying to update our Licenses throughout the country.  I will arrange a meeting for us to follow-up.  Thanks,  Jim 
 agree 
 Lisa --  I'll leave it to you to decide if Mike Day needs or should be at the SCE initial meeting.  I received a message that he can, but haven't told him either way.  Pls advise.  Jim 
 FYI. 
 Linda --  Pls put on my calendar.  Pls arrange a room and have Mike Roan and Luiz Maurer attend (also invite Kerry Stroup).  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sarah & Christi --  Can you ask the Project Leaders on the key projects for a timeline (comments due date, etc.) of their activities?  I would love to have a crib sheet to know when to expect comments.  I saw the NOPR commetns on Code of Conduct was moved to Dec 20.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I heard today that Brad Nebergald will take over the ILL market under Greg Adams.  I'll try and track down all the facts.  Jim 
  Harry --  Do want to shepherd the development of our comments?  Team would be you (lead), Charles, Nancy Hetrick, Andy Rodriquez, Christi Nicolay.  What do you think?  Jim 
 Can someone please cover this meeting?  Jim 
 Pls put on my calendar.  Jim 
 cheers. 
 Friday breakfast works for me.  6:30 am at 59 Diner.  Jim 
 No.  I'll let her know if she asks.  Thanks, 
 Good work. =20 
 FYI 
 Great job.  What are the back out rates for CH going forward?  Any improvement in the market?  Jim 
 I'm back in Thursday am.  Let's beat the heck out of Dynegy on this case.  Jim 
 Don --  Can you please add Becky Cantrell, Melinda Pharms, and Guillermo Canovas to your Nat Gas weekly discussions?  Not sure if they will all come, but I'd like someone from Government Affairs at the meeting to try and keep us up-to-date on the issues.  Jim 
 We have not made public the SCE amount (as far as I'm aware).  We need to make sure that IR is in the loop - I think that Mark Koenig is following this issue.  Jim 
 Great job Leslie.  Let's keep up the pressure.  Jim 
 May be some value here when all over. 
 We should the testimony at FERC in the ARTO docket.  By pushing FERC to get= with the program and by pushing ARTO to use a better CM model, we'll get l= everage.  Taking it to the PUCO is a nice step, but I don't think that they= are going to change the current ARTO program. =20  By the way, where is the PUCO on ARTO / MISO issues?  Thanks,=20  Jim 
 Isn't there a better option for all of the ComEd issues - open the legislation???  Why not talk with ComEd about this???  Jim 
 Are we winning?  Any movement on our issues?  Jim 
 I would think that we should take the time to talk with local counsel or other "allies" to get a feel for the chances in AZ.  I also think that the difficulty in AZ will be a physical problem with getting transmission service - no RTO.  It would be great to have a thorough analysis of problems in every open market just to know what the issues are.  Jim 
 I'll be at my desk. 
 Yes.  Although probably more useful (if we have a smoking gun) in the Legislative arena.  DOE has no authority over TVA.  Jim 
 Joe --  Let us know.  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar.  Jim 
 No problem.  Jim 
 Bob --  Before we do anything on this issue, I would suggest that we need to have developed a strategy on a number of issues (primarily the proper reformation of the PX Credit calculation after Jan 18 and the application of the 1c/kwh surcharge).  On this issue, assuming that we haven't discuss the failure of SCE to apply our account's past credit with the CPUC (given that the bills were just received), I can't imagine that a federal court would look to favorably upon a legal action.  In addition, we have not identified where the "credits" are if they are not on the customer's accounts.  My recommendation is to first (a) work with SCE - have Jeff Dasovich run the traps and (b) discuss the issue with CPUC Division of Energy and see if there is a solution without Complaint.  If this doesn't get us anywhere before August 19, then it seems that to protect our interest we would need to file a complaint with the CPUC.  I am not opposed to LeBouef looking into federal action, but that seems a bit dramatic without first trying to exhaust our adminstrative remedies.  Please call me.  Jim  P.S. There is a meeting on the 1c/kwh surcharge with Janet Dietrich today at 1:30 in her office.  I think you should attend. 
 I think the best person to provide the affidavits for the PX Credit receivable is Wanda Curry (if we want to make this claim inside of the FERC proceeding - still an open question).  Jim 
  Jeff --  Seems to make sense to put out a "What's Up in Sacramento" to the whole business crew with likelihood of success.  Best to come from you.  Jim 
 Sarah --  We have the last draft.  I was talking with Rick yesterday and I don't think that we want to publish it or use it publicly.  It did it's primary job of validating that a non-gas model structure would not be harmful to Enron's interests.  Give me a call.  Jim 
 Yes, if by Aug 19 we don't have the strategy, we should file.  But we need a comprehensive strategy before the end of the week.  I hope to drive that to conclusion.  Jim 
 As some of you may be aware, Dick's consulting arrangement with Enron ends later this fall.  In an effort to make the transition as easy as possible, I would recommend that the following people work with Dick to transition on critical committees and tasks (nothing is hardwired, so if we need to change people, let me know).  Dick will attend the upcoming WSCC EPITF meeting (not sure of date, but think in the next two weeks).  My recommendation is that Steve Walton attend with Dick and become the lead.  We may not get a voting seat after Dick leaves, but we should try and cover.  Ray Alvarez should attend the WSCC Board Meeting on Aug 27 with Dick to pick up these responsibilities.  Charles Yeung should pick up coverage for the FlowBased discussions.  Dick will not attend the next meeting in Chicago that takes place on Aug 30.  Andy Rodriguez should pick up the Security Coordinator Subcommitte discussions that take place Sept 25 - 27.  Dick will not attend.  I think that Charles, Ray, Dick and I should attend the NERC Stakeholders Mtg on Oct 15 - 16.  Finally, Dave Perrino should go with Dick to the next WSCC OCTPG meeting.  Let me know if this transition plan works.  Jim 
 Not sure if we can do anything.  It's Paul's call.  Jim 
 Don't we want the ISO to provide to whom the refunds are entitled?  Jim 
 Sue --  We should probably file something on this CPUC docket just ensuring that if these meters are put in place, ESPs have access on a timely basis to the data if they serve the customer DA.  What do you think?  Maybe the Vinio could help?  Jim 
 Fine.  Same here.  Jim 
 Can we have a meeting on Friday at 9am this morning as an update?  Jim 
 Yes.  Shapiro will also attend as I may need to be in Houston.  Jim 
 Jeff --  Are you going?  The list looks pretty good.  If not, we may need to have someone there.  Jim 
  Can we talk at 9am your time - lots going on.  Jim 
 Jeff & Sue --  We need to discuss at 9am your time (as well as other things).  Jim 
 Thanks.  Maybe we should have Nancy Hetrick simply put in a place holder.  Jim 
 Call Greg Sharp. 
 Janel--  No one on my team is really qualified.  Jim 
 RECEIVED 
 Nothing.  I'll give him a call.  Jim 
 Steve & Rick --  FYI.  PG&E Bankruptcy counsel has provided the below stipulation that holds any further action on this issue for 48 hours.  It appears that PG&E doesn't want to be anywhere near the CPUC.  Provide more details as they go through.  Jim 
 Makes sense to me.  Good luck.  Let me know if you need anything.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Cheers. 
 Guillermo -  Can you please find the different prices (coach vs. business) so I can have a record?  Thanks,  Jim 
 I approve.  Jim Steffes 
 Aleck --  Will try and find.  Not sure if the material is responsive.  Read the article (sending to others on TO list).  Maybe Ursula Brenner can help you pull a response together?  Jim 
 thanks for update.  pls keep sending info. 
 FYI.  Some info on the CA experience.  Jim 
 Probably have to work through Kaufman for Seminar / Education cost.  Jim 
 Agreed.  Ray Alvarez is working with Fergus and Watkiss, etal to get this taken care of.  Jim 
  Please do not contact these customers.  FYI, Enron signed the following customers after July 1 (we are checking on Wal-Mart).  I would like Bev and Hedy to rank these parties with their ability to help in Sacramento with our messaging.  Once you have this, let's talk this afternoon to plan going forward.  As you can see from the e-mail, we are going to have to work through our business people.  Jim 
 Steve --  Alan is on vacation next week.  Jeff is tied up.  Bryan Gottfredson will be compiling this information.  By the way, there may not be a listing of who (meaning generators) is owed how much - wasn't disclosed in the FERC Settlement.  Jim 
 With Alan Comnes on vacation starting this week, the primary point person from Enron Govt Affairs will be Ray Alvarez in our DC office.  Ray will be following up on this and other filings, etc. on this case.  Jim Steffes 
 Lisa --  Please let me know what else I need to do.  Jim 
 Steve --  FYI on the information your requested.  Bryan is working to pull this together ASAP.  What exactly is the deadline?  Jim 
  Bryan --  FYI.  Not sure if you are going.  Jim 
 If you want to talk about the KY issues, probably best to get with Janine Migden.  Jim 
 Yes. 
 I can't - in a UNITED WAY event.  Jim 
  FYI.  The EES USA organization has been reorganized to centralize all sales teams under Jeremy Blachman.  Scott Gahn's group stays unchanged.  Harry, you and I may want to let people in the field know these changes?  Jim 
 Sent the wrong address first time.  Jim 
 Charles + Steve + Ray + Dave + Andy --  There have been a number of e-mails related to my initial request for a transition plan for Dick Ingersoll.  By this e-mail, I am asking that Charles Yeung take the lead on ensuring a smooth transition and that all meetings are appropriately covered.  Please coordinate as a team to work out the details.  Charles please also consider that Jose Bestard will be returning at some point in the near future.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Howard --  I received a call from Jeff Brown who said that he had visited the NYPSC and NYISO to discuss load curtailment.  He had placed a few calls into you and hadn't heard back.  When you get back, please let me know where this stands.  No big deal, but I want to understand what is going on with the load curtailment efforts.  Jim 
  A few thoughts before the NG meeting --  1.	Maybe we should (as a team) call Transelect (Paul Buckman) before our NG meeting.  You may remember that Transelect sent an initial letter into Skilling to try and solicit our support for stopping the NG application to be managing member of the ARTO.  I think that it would be good to call Buckman and ask if he has a better idea than NG.  We are right now stuck between two very bad answers - let AEP and FE construct a managing member or have NG.  Maybe Transelect has a better solution.  2.	Chief Issues with NG -- a.	are they "really" independent?  having a short position in NY and owning generation in NE effectively makes NG into a "market participant" - I think that Enron should make as a hold firm position that to operate an RTO there can be no agreement with anything less than almost perfect independence. b.	who do they feel the customer is?  maybe we want to get Paul Dawson's take on their business model from the UK.  it is critical that the new RTO operators across the country view traders/marketers and generators as their key customers.  what form of regulation for cost recovery of their operating expenses do they want - pass thru, PBR, etc.? c.	who writes the tariff?  I would make a strong argument that the problem with most of the RTO work to date has been that FERC has allowed the current incumbents to first write a bad tariff and then assign the provision of service under that tariff to someone who has very little (if any) control over future changes.  the RTO operator must be free to make changes to the tariff with only two constraints - (1) must not restrict the ability to pay facility revenue reqts and (2) must not damage the assets. d.	do they intend to build/own transmission and how does this impact the energy markets?  will their planning and construction processes impact any long term positions that EPMI may take in the energy market.  how do they manage to allow other merchant transmission into the business? e.	how do they intend to provide balancing energy?  the flip side of our fight on congestion management involves the pricing of energy imbalances.  what is NG intending to do on this issue?  does NG believe that multiple control areas makes sense for a single RTO?  does NG support unbalanced/uncovered schedules day-ahead?  Also, just to let people know, Kerry Stroup will also be working on the Midwest RTO efforts going forward.  Please keep him included on the e-mails.  Jim 
 Leslie -  Can you coordinate with Jay Dudley at 503-464-8860 on how to change the filing (if at all) on PGE's pipeline issue?  PGE is willing to modify the filing to try and take out the language on Native Load.  They are suggesting that maybe they should sign a contract for the full amount of the capacity (about 170,000 mmcf/d) rather than assume its right.  The goal should be to have a final decision on next steps before next Friday, Aug 17.  Please call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jeanne --  Not quite sure that I am getting the picture.  Let me lay it out more directly.  The PX Credit for October 2000 was $225 based on the actual market rates.  Now FERC is saying that October 2000 hourly prices for CalPX DA and CalPX HA markets were "too high" in June 2001.  Can the CPUC change the PX Credit for October 2000 and make the Utilities recalculate our Negative CTC?  What is prospective?  Have they ever done this before?  Jim 
  YOUR BUDDY 
 Rick --  FYI.  Becky heard Michelle Foss talk the other day.  Was very aligned with our perspective.  Maybe someone for FERC?  Jim 
 Susan -  I put together a short write-up and would like to submit to HR for your mid-year.  Because you've only been here a short time, most of the responses are To Be Determined.  If you don't have any problems, please come by and sign.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Looks good.  Please make sure that you submitted an RCR.  If Ed wants more info of this type for other states, I'd like to make sure that we organize our efforts so we don't duplicate too much and deploy the proper resources.  Thanks,  Jim 
 I agree with Christi's point.  The problem is that those arguments - effectively that real competition will take away market power - are no longer effective at FERC.  I think that Massey and Wood are ready to do something more potent.  My primary question is how do we think that Appendix A would apply to Enron?  Do we want Hirenymous (sp?) to undertake a proxy exam to see the real impact?  I am going to try and schedule a phone call for next Friday to outline our next steps.  Should anyone else be in on the call?  Who else could lead this analysis for us (given that we are all so busy)?  Jim 
 not sure.  it was stated rather quickly in passing. 
 Linda --  Please arrange a phone call with Christi & Sarah Novosel to discuss market power for this upcoming Friday.  Jim 
 I assume that we will discuss the entire process on the next NERC call?  Jim 
 Susan --  Please discuss with Ben (you may want to call Barbara & Christi to see if anyone else has discussed already) and relay importance of this to his future plans to me?  Key question is whether or not we need to be engaging directly with local governments.  Jim 
  Nancy --  Please keep John & Charles in the loop on this question.  They are both working on next steps for NERC and while not directly related to the RSB, there is potential for overlap down the road.  Also, where does Enron publicly stand on the incorporation of this into an EISB?  I thought we were ready to go?  Finally, are you giving the presentation?  Jim 
 Linda --  Let's talk about all expense report matters tomorrow.  Also, please send out reminders to everyone that I want to deal with this only on Friday and not to go too long without a report.  Thanks,  Jim 
  PLEASE ENTER INTO MY CALENDAR.   Jim 
 Ginger --  I am taking that entire week off.  Jim 
 Tom --  Can put some analysis into this market opportunity and relay the results to the Enron Direct team?  Current Shopping Credit versus 2002 Shopping Credit versus market.  Maybe we should be highlighting the opportunity to pick up some quick market share where the saving opporunities are relatively large and have Enron Direct enter now to lock in the deals?  Jennifer Thome may be able to help you with this project (although she may have some other projects).  Jim 
 Christi -  Did this come from FERC??  Jim 
 Ray --  Please examine closely the attached note from the CalPX.  In the letter the= y appear to want some guidance on how to allocate the refunds to buyers or = they'll simply decide.  This is a quote ---  d.=09Allocation of refunds to demand (buyers).  As part of these proceeding= the method of allocation of refunds to buyers must be addressed.  CalPX pr= oposes to use its share-fraction allocation method to determine how to spre= ad the refunds among its participants if there are no specific Commission o= rders on how to allocate the refunds.  Please let me know the implication and if the CAISO has a similar provision= in its tariff.  Jim 
  FYI.  Same holds - let's not talk to Wal-Mart until we work through our business folks.  Jim 
 As you can see from the comments below, staff at the Texas PUC is considering whether or not certain areas of Texas are ready for competition (the non-ERCOT region).  Who on your teams do we need to talk to understand the implications of this action?  Jim 
 Ray --  Please examine closely the attached note from the CalPX.  In the letter they appear to want some guidance on how to allocate the refunds to buyers or they'll simply decide.  This is a quote ---  d.	Allocation of refunds to demand (buyers).  As part of these proceeding the method of allocation of refunds to buyers must be addressed.  CalPX proposes to use its share-fraction allocation method to determine how to spread the refunds among its participants if there are no specific Commission orders on how to allocate the refunds.  Please let me know the implication and if the CAISO has a similar provision in its tariff.  Jim 
 Charles & Nancy --  Please make sure that we are on the same page "publicly".  Jim 
 Jeanne --  I guess the other big question is this - what is the best argument one could make that any retroactive calculation (and application in a forward-going manner) is illegal?  We need to develop this argument ASAP.  Jim 
 Rick --  How about sitting down on Wednesday am (say 10 am) to do this?  Jim 
 Not sure how this got through the "process".  Please feel free to call on me if this isn't getting fixed right.  Also, should we just have PGE pull the application and re-file with different terms.  Also, Becky you should let Amr know and keep track - he can try and quantify.  Jim 
 Great.  I'll be there.  Jim  Linda -- Please put on my calendar. 
  I'll attend if you think it's important.  Otherwise, I'm assuming that ya'll are covering the meeting.  Jim 
 Dung --  Best to start with Jean Ryall (in Austin).  Different utilities in different places of restructuring.  By the way, aren't you in EBS?  Jim 
  Please put on my calendar if possible.  Probably can only go for 1.5 hours.  Jim 
 Good news or bad news?  My quick read is that FERC looks like it is trying to end the obligation but is waiting for an industry solution.  What is New Power saying?  Jim 
 Howard, Kathleen, & Steve --  Can we sit down and discuss our strategies going forward in light of this RD?  I'd like to understand where there are opportunities (both for POLR outsourcing and standard market entry).  I don't think that there will ever be a huge surplus in generation (and there shouldn't be in a competitive market).  Instead of focusing on something the NYPSC can't control, why not work on demand responsiveness?  Better metering technology would certainly help.  Let me know when a good time would be?  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar if possible and RSVP if necessary.  Jim 
 Looks good.  Are these "incremental" to the total?  May be important to highlight the % growth as well.  Jim 
 Bryan --  Thanks for the update.  On the first issue, there was a letter sent from the CAISO to some Congressmen.  Please find this.  Also, keep trying to locate the creditors list - we want people that bought and sold electricity.  Jim 
  Has your initial question been answered?  Jim 
 Here is a list of point people for issues in the West.  Jim 
 Did we get the right people to sign-up to speak?  Let me know.  Jim 
 Not sure if you knew this.  Jim 
 Sue --  Is the issue for the Governor's eminent domain or Native Load exception?  Very important distinction maybe lost on these guys.  Jim 
 Charles --  Very well put.  This is another example why it is so important for you and = Andy R. to be out with the RTO teams helping us to be more precise.  We nee= d to blend our NERC and FERC advocacy.  Of course, you realize that ELCON will never support a PJM model central ma= rketplace for balancing energy.  At the last EPSA meeting, ELCON really bla= sted centralized pools. =20  Jim 
 Thanks.  Jim 
 Erin --  Enron is working right now to try and develop its policy on this issue.  Clearly, our primary goal is to ensure that market makers such as Enron are treated fairly by the FERC rules vis-a-vis other market participants.  While we are not yet enamored with any policy option, we are committed to helping FERC do whatever is necessary to create a strong and well functioning marketplace.  As soon as I have any more, I'll let you know.  Sarah Novosel and I are intending to come to the meeting.  Jim 
 Janine --  Where does this stand?  I just read the text and agree with Harry.  Most importantly, the HHI may not be suitable given the high degree of regulation of ComEd service.  As important, I don't think the ICC cares too much about Enron losing market share.  Not the best lead argument.  Let's talk.  Jim 
 Not until all of the key electricity fixes are included in the package - remember RTOs are still voluntary, the Courts have yet to require FERC to do away with the Native Load exception, and NERC is in charge of reliability.  This is clearly the biggest issue for the Publics.  Jim 
 Talk with Rick, but I think this project is complete. 
  FYI 
 Lynne --  I am very sorry that I have not yet responded to your e-mail.  I am trying to firm up my calendar.  Not sure that Excelon and Enron will differ greatly on the key lessons learned.  I should know by mid-week (if you haven't already filled the slot).  Jim Steffes 713-853-7673 
 Dad --  Thought you may be interested.  Jim 
  Bob --  Sorry this is just getting to you.  Pls work with Fergus to come up with an answer.  Jim 
 This is one of those to show to Amr to quantify.  Jim 
 Wanted you to see that Doug regarded you highly (my highlights below).  Also, sorry I wasn't very nice on Friday - another very bad day.  I'm sorry.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please arrange a call-in number for 10:30 am Houston time for everyone above for tomorrow.  Purpose - Legislative Strategy.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Evan --  Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?  Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?  There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.  Jim 
 Sorry that I am just getting back to this.  I think that one of the key roles for Reg Risk Analytics is to "validate" the appropriateness of regulatory assumptions in EWS retail tariff curves as well as help Govt Affairs build risk management plans.  Let's talk soon.  Jim 
 Who at EWS is the head?  Jim 
 Am I scheduled to attend?  Jim 
 correct. 
 I'm in all week.  Jim 
 Jean & Thane --  Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?  Jim 
 FYI.  You may want to discuss with Becky.  Jim 
  What do I need to do?  Jim 
 Hope he is ok.  Jim 
 Becky--  Please keep Guillermo and Melinda in the loop.  Thx.  Jim 
 Janine --  Who is IMServe?  I'm guessing they are a vendor that does billing, etc.  You should e-mail Evan Hughes to determine the nature of the CSC arrangement.  But I don't think that we want to give our business to a company because they help in one case?  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you please pull a copy of the ComEd OATT that would include the calculation of "OPC" mentioned below?  Janine --  Doesn't it make sense that we are disadvantaged vis-a-vis their own transmission service and should talk to Donna Fulton about a complaint at FERC?  Jim 
 But where in statue does the ICC have that as one of their issues?  Jim 
  Charles --  In planning the transition, please include this issue.  Jim 
 cheers 
 Susan --  Can you please work with ENA Accounting and others to determine the following to provide to EPSA so they can calculate our Dues --  1.	Total megawatts of your company's equity ownership as of June 1, 2001 in competitive generation assets operating and under construction in the United States (including PURPA plants) - (probably good to start with Wes Coldwell).  2.	Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31, 2001 (probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales (I would have a separate total for wholesale financials) and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales).  Call me to discuss.  We need to get this in by August 18.  Jim 
 Steve --  Has PR given the go ahead?  Anything else from me needed?  Jim 
 Yes.  I'll get us a conference room on 47.  Jim 
  Linda --  Please schedule a conference room to hold this.  Jim 
 Sue --  Do you have a list of the Commissions / Officials that you have discussed these issues with either formally or informally?  It would be good to make sure that we have a running tally.  Jim 
 Next Steps --  1.	Leverage EES Customers Signing Post August 25 Contracts  The language in SB78 continues to hold the date for suspending DA as August 25.  EES signed a number of very large contracts that benefit important in-state businesses.  We are trying to establish a strategy around the following segments:  a)	California Restaurant Association b)	CMTA via the Aerospace Industry c)	Wal-Mart.  We need all of our customers to call (a) the Governor, (b) the key Legislative members, and (c) their trade associations.  Leveraging the trade associations is critical given CMTA's support for the bill.  We can release (very quietly) to influential persons Wal-Mart, Raytheon, and Northrop.  It is also critical that we try and contact someone from Boeing to get their read of the bill and its impact.  Our understanding is that they have recently signed a deal with another marketer and will be cut out by this Bill.  Any help in communicating with Boeing is critical.  Please let me know how best to approach the Calif Rest Association.  What should we do?  Is it better to have our customers call?  I will work up some talking points and phone numbers with Sue Mara to use in these discussions.  2.	Fight the CPUC on Retroactive Order  Sue Mara is working through AReM to convince the CPUC that their Proposed Decision would be illegal.  Continue to push on this front.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sue --  What is our current involvement in the URG case?  Do we have a range of potential outcomes for each UDC?  Jim 
 Jean --  Please call Eric to understand the implications of filing or not filing on this issue.  Jim 
 Good idea.  Harry is the best to start with.  Jim 
 I would like to have a meeting today at 4pm to review the work that West Power URM has been working on to compare the economic impact of the 4 alternatives.  It would also be good to get any other feedback from the meetings with SCE and other relevant activities.  I will ask my assistant Linda Noske to get a call in number and a room on 47.  Please let Linda Noske know if you will attend.  Jim 
  Please cover this.  Jim 
 To make sure that everyone is on the same page, my understanding is that Thane "owns" this issue from top to bottom - Thane needs to make the recommendation about moving forward or not.  Please keep me in the loop.  Jim 
 I can't make it, but Sue Mara will cover.  Jim 
 Don't worry about the call. 
 Thanks Barbara.  If we need to do anything, please let me knwo.  JIm 
 Please coordinate a meeting with Chad for later this week between Chad and myself.  Jim 
 Great.  Really appreciate.  Jim 
 2:30 works for me on Thursday.  Jim 
 Works for me.  Jim 
 I can make it.  Now on my calendar.  Jim 
 Sue --  My take on this letter is that it is a little too "jumpy".  Any way to help make it a bit more to help Lynch do something different - maybe work from the AReM filing?  Jim 
 Thanks for the accounting treatment.  Probably better to have one payment this year and one payment on Jan2 (charged back to 2001).  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks for the feedback.  Your model now assumes a modification to the Distribution tariff to include a new rate element.  That may get around the Settlement (although OCA in PA will think that now D is going up and there is no offset in the G rate so consumers are getting screwed because they won't switch).  Also, can the PaPUC implement this charge and direct the EDCs to transfer the funds to third-party generators?  Seems like that would require legislative changes.  I like the idea that there should be fixed charge for ICAP - one way to get that number would be to go back to the EDC stranded cost cases and look at their filed testimony - remember if they are earning more from the market than that $ amount, they are overearning on their stranded costs.  Jim 
 Send me your phone number?  Jim 
 I thought we were responding through some other group?  Jim 
 Thanks.  Appreciate the concern.  Hopefully most of this will be legal time & $ but one never knows.  Jim 
 ok 
 Before we invite FERC staff to the trading floor, let's set up a gameplan a= nd run by the trading floor - I don't want a dispute with trading after inv= iting staff down here. =20 Jim 
 No problem.  Have a good vacation.  Jim 
 Thanks.  The key, of course, is to create a filing that could not be used against us at FERC on these issues.  I guess that amending the filing is better than withdrawing the filing and re-submitting.  My only thought would be that by withdrawing, PGE provides no trail.  Jim 
 Steve --  As Sue highlights below, when people talk about stranded costs ending no la= ter than 3/31/02, they are only speaking about generation-related stranded = costs.  Above market costs for QFs will be "collected" from DA customers fo= r some time into the future.  Wanted to make sure that this was clear.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Linda -  Please work up some letters from me to the people in the file ECAR, MAIN, MAPP for my review.  Thanks.  Jim 
 The Offsite is more imporant.  Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date.  Jim 
  You on this call?  Jim 
  Becky --  What's the upside and downside from the Settlement.  My only concern is tha= t FERC is so swamped with issues may be overwhelming.  Where is our busines= s going?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please reschedule until Wednesday.  I have a meeting all afternoon on California.  Tell Mike I apologize greatly.  Jim 
 Sarah & Alan --  I plan on attending.  Both of you should feel free.  I think that right now we should decline any offer to present unless we can come up with a set of "Guiding Principles" (i.e., prospective market rules, etc.)  Jim 
 Per our discussions yesterday, the following should hopefully be completed before the 2:30 (CST) conference call on Recoupment and the 4:00 (CST) conference call on PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge.  1.	Bob Williams - Synopsis of 1c/kwh Surcharge 2.	Sue Mara - Background on CPUC Activity on 1c/kwh Surcharge (to be included in Bob Williams' write-up) 3.	Dian Huddleson - Plan for Requesting Net Bill Reinstatement 4.	URM - Analysis of PX Credit Methodology 5.	Mary Lynne Ruffer - Analysis of Net Bill Amounts 6.	Jim Steffes - CPUC Legal Analysis  The goal for today is to have all necessary data to develop our recommendations for how to proceed in these matters so that we can meet with the business heads tomorrow.  Call In Information -  2:30 Recoupment 1-800-998-2462 # 5462908  4:00 PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge To Be Provided By Linda Noske 
 Wes & Wade --  You've probably seen this, but FERC issued this notice for Jurisdictional Public Utilities related to a FASB decision. 
 Richard --  We need to make some decisions very soon (this morning) about Enron's submission of data into the Pacific Northwest ("PNW") refund case.  The data is due at FERC no later than Thursday August 16.  The key strategic issues in submitting the data to the ALJ include the following --  1.	Do we exclude bookouts (ie, only physical transactions)?  It appears that other market participants intend to exclude bookouts.  EPMI should also exclude bookouts given that these transactions never went physical and hence are not appropriate to consider in this case.  2.	Do we provide only sales transactions or do we include our purchases?  The ALJ's Order allows parties to include purchases only if the selling party is not an intervenor in this case and hence, our purchase would not be included in the data.  The ALJ wants to limit the amount of data to be provided to ease the workload.  Our initial analysis of some data from other parties is that there will be transaction data irregularities and hence, we should provide all of our relevant sales and purchases.  By having the data in the case, we can dispute any inappropriate transaction and ensure that all of our purchases are included in the calculation of refunds.  This is key for Enron in that our primary defense is that Enron deserves refunds as a purchaser to offset any sales refund amount.  3.	Do we provide data for all 4 time blocks (through 24 hours, through 7 days, through one month, through 1 year)?  The ALJ's Order indicates that parties are to provide data for transactions that are not consistent with the initial definition of "spot" - deals less than 24 hours done day ahead or day of.  Our initial recommendation is to provide the data but to retain our arguments that this is not consistent with FERC's Order.  The primary downside of not complying with this element of the data submission request is that we anger the ALJ and end up providing the data anyway after being told directly to comply.  In addition, it is possible that by providing all of the data we could be creating the problem that some economist or competitor could get their hands on the data at a later date and "determine" our trading strategies.  Weighing these risks, I would still recommend to include this data but argue before the ALJ and the FERC the ultimate relevance.  4.	Do we provide data based on contract date?  The ALJ has requested data for contracts that were valid on December 25, 2000 that had physical energy flowing after December 25, 2000 through June 20, 2001.  This would explicitly include Balance of the Month transactions for December 2000 and the associated physical flows. To minimize the hours on these transactions, we intend to enter the transaction date in the data submission to allow for FERC staff to delete inappropriate transactions.  I will call you this morning.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Left you off.  Sorry. 
 Ginger --  Please send to Rick's team.  Jim 
 Steve -- =20 I've stopped trying to understand the Utilities in California and what they= want - it hurts too much.  But yes, the law allows the Utilities to contin= ue to collect "something" from customers, including DA customers, for QF co= sts beyond 3/31/02. =20 Jim 
 Ok.  If the FERC team in DC (Donna and Sarah) are ok, let's support this bu= t let's make sure that we have outlined our "needs" and "wants" and "no way= s" before going in.  Also, who would cover and can we do this in Houston (g= uessing most of the parties in town)?  Jim 
  Jeff --  Any communications with ElectriCities on virtual direct access?  Maybe another good avenue for ElectriCities to help its members?  Now that direct access is dead in NC, ElectriCities could agree to move new products through their stable channel.  Jim 
 Why is Buxton upset?  This is good for consumers?  What does he want to change his mind and push this forward?  Wouldn't this just lower the prices to his customers?  Also, this is why we need to be constantly pushing the political message in the states.  Jim 
 Buxton is not a true consumer advocate - I thought that he was the guy who put MECC's together.  We have a relationship with him.  Why not work our magic.  Jim 
  FYI.  Please keep this confidential.  Jim 
 I'm taking Sept 3 off - I think it's Labor Day.  Please also note that I am taking off late in September.  Choose the best date to work through for this.  Jim 
  Pls update my calendar. 
 Pls put on my calendar. 
 John -  Can you please get with Sue?  thx 
 Ask Linda Noske to schedule some time for us to go over.  I think it's great.  Jim 
 Bob --  Let's discuss today.  Jim 
 On what case?  Jim 
 Linda -  Pls work with Brian Redmond's asst to have a meeting with me, him, Jean Ryall, and Becky Cantrell.  Thx. 
 Maybe someone from the Risk Mgmt Working Group would also go?  Jim 
 Jeff --  Please send the invoice to my assistant - Linda Noske - to have her take it through the system.  Her phone number is 713-853-6082.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Do we want to "represent" EPSA on the Friday panel?  Jim 
 Linda --  I thought that Ray set up a daily call regarding the CA and Pacific Northwest Refund litigation at FERC?  It's not on my calendar.  Can you please call Bernadette Hawkins to verify and put on my calendar?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please find out if Gordon, Mary Lynne, and Steve can meet at 2pm to follow-on to our PX Credit discussions?  If it does, please find a room on 47.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Pls keep sending these.  I just didn' t know the case.  Jim 
 Here are my comments given my very short review of the NGA Statement.  18.3.4	Demand Response 	GOOD  18.5	Improving Energy Transmission	OK talks about "equal access for all suppliers" even though says "oppose preemption", indicate a willingness to better coordinate  18.6	Regulatory hard to read if the section on "no preemption of state regulatory authority" is good or bad...we don't argue that our model preempts any authority, only that transmission service is best defined by FERC.  Jim 
 Thane --  You are probably already aware but if not, Enron holds an interest in Project Cornhusker (a QF in Cleburne).  There are some issues that may develop with the plant related to its ability or inability to meet specific ERCOT guidelines.  Generation Investments is managing this asset and relations with Brazos Co-op. Their primary concern is that Mirant is Brazos Co-op's QSE and may be interested in playing games with the plant through modification of ERCOT rules.  Please coordinate with Jean and decide who will call either Rick Hill or Chuck Ward.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Nothing really - he both had the $ to retire and wanted to spend more time with his family.  No "forcing" out.  Jim 
 Jennifer -  I like your #2 and #3 issues for highlighting.  On the issue of fuel diversity, Enron has been somewhat agnostic.  Please draft some comments and share with Tom Hoatson to submit.  Thank you,  Jim 
 What was the explicity capacity ($/kw-mo) component by year for PECO in their stranded cost case?  Feel free to call JR.  Jim 
 Bryan --  Thanks for the info.  I think that a Section 4 would be good to add - who is on each list in a "major" way?  Sort of your analysis of who is the best company to leverage if we are to work a deal?  Jim 
 I have a call into Jean Ryall to discuss.  Agreed that we need to keep our FERC team in the loop.  Jim 
 Bob --  Please be on the next RCR call to update.  See Ginger for time.  Jim 
 Did all of the amendments pass the Appropriations Comm?  When will a new bill get printed?  Jim 
 When: Friday, August 17, 2001 4:30 PM-5:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Yes.  Also, best to coordinate with Jeff and Sue.  Jim 
 Is it possible for everyone to stay on Rick's Staff meeting (10:30 CST) today to discuss our next steps?  I think that may allow us an opportuntity to set up next steps.  Jim 
 Do you want to go to Las Vegas for this trip?  I love you,  Jim 
 Can we talk about this protest at 3pm (using the last 30 minutes of our call on Market-Power analysis)?  Also, we need to coordinate this activity with some protests that Janine filed in the Ohio PUC about a failure of implementing a fix for the "native load" exception.  Jim 
 Can you get a call in number for 3pm? I want to give to Kerry Stroup and Donna Fulton to discuss AEP NEXT STEPS.  Also in the meeting should be Sarah Novosel, Christi Nicolay, Mike Roan.  Jim 
 Bob & Ray --  Can each of you please put together a short outline of the (a) timeline, (b) key decision points, and (c) potential outcomes of the decision points for the different refund cases?  If possible, having this before today's call would be helpful (but I realize that this may be difficult).  Jim 
 Paul & Alyse --  If we need help, Sarah is interested.  My recollection is that we had filled the slots.  Please let me know.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please work with Jan.  Thx,  Jim 
 Jeff --  Federico is coming to the states to understand how our policymakers deal with the issue of default service.  He is the manager of the Italian default service provider.  Can you please make a presentation next Thursday or Friday about the UI deal?  Thanks,  Jim 
 A couple questions --  1.=09Could the company include distribution wires as well, instead of being= just a transmission only wires? 2.=09How many shares would a divesting company get?  Could this be more tha= t 5%?  If so, wouldn't this be over the "control" threshold?  In general, I fully support this type of action. =20  Jim=09 
 Agree.  Jim 
 Sarah -  I can't open this.  Jim 
 Jeff -  Sue called on Friday late and had some issue with the research report that was to go out.  She didn't give me any details.  How do we get to her to discuss.  Jim 
 What do you guys think?  My idea is to have a short (10 page) presentation that gives a brief update and then make sure that we understand current positions and current projects?  1 hour max.  The four of us would deliver.  Jim 
 Should you be on this service list?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for getting this info.  Jim 
 good info. 
 Linda --  I'd rather not use the first week in October.  I may move my vacation to that week.  Jim 
 Susan --  Can you confirm with the desk?  My recollection is that the combination would make sense?  Also, not sure how this "works" with the testimony we've filed to support natural markets?  Maybe Christi can piece that all together or call TCA and get their read.  Jim 
 Diann --  What's the next step?  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 thanks.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Ok.  Christi --  Please ask each regional RTO heads (all that are being discussed + Mediation) to develop one page memo.  May want a map with current config and a map with FERC model.  Let's plan on doing for September 11 or September 12.  I'll ask Linda Noske to work with Duran's assistant to coordinate.  Also, let's give info on current Interconnection issues.  Finally, Christi, maybe you could develop 5 key regulatory issues.  Jim 
 Janine --  The other thing that I am thinking is that we don't want to file anything at the FERC without a broad coalition.  At the right time (after we understand the facts and our desired outcomes), let's sit down and discuss how to approach FERC.  I think the timing is right to make a cogent, well-defined argument before FERC but we need to sell this to the FERC before the filing and we need to have Enron as a minor player in the fight.  The FERC is looking to help retail markets.  Jim 
 thanks. 
  Any thoughts on the NERC budget?  Jim 
 John --  Do you know when Enron started discussions with these customers?  Jim 
 Janine --  What's the gas delivery tariff on CGE for generation services?  Do they have a standard service?  Do they have a good generator interconnect agreement on the power side?  Jim 
 Sorry.  Pls let me know the outcome.  Jim 
 Dave --  I'll look at today.  Is there an RCR?  Jim 
 I am not attending.  Jim 
 Christi --  Can you please send any and all summaries of the RTO Orders mandating Mediation for NE and SE to Vicki Sharp?  Also, please include any other information that is helpful to understanding these issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI. 
 I wanted to make sure that everyone is on the same page related to utility costs in California.  These costs may be (will be?) collected  from some utility customer, potentially including direct access customers.   Bucket #1	Utility Undercollection Feb 1, 2000 Through Jan 18, 2001  About $12.0 Billion (this money includes our Negative CTC amounts).  Should be financed through corporate debt.  No securitization.  Enron's Position:	Bundled service on Jan 1, 2001 pays fixed c/kwh  Bucket #2	CDWR Cost from Jan 5, 2001 through Bond Issuance or March 31, 2002  About $12.5 Billion  (about $10 Billion for spot purchases and $2.5 Billion for long-term buys)  Enron's Position:	Dedicated Rate Component (DRC) for all residential and small customers.  Larger customers are assigned direct responsibility for the Undercollection on c/kwh.  Balancing account for holding Utility even.  Bucket #3	Prospective Generation Costs for Bundled Service Post March 31, 2002  URG 	= $40/mwh (retained generation and bilateral contracts) CDWR 	= $120/mwh QF 	= $100/mwh  TOTAL 	= URG*%sales + CDWR*%sales + QF*%sales = $90/mwh   Bucket #4	AB1890 Non-Generation Stranded Costs    Bucket #5	AB1890 Generation Stranded Costs 
 Let me know how this turns out.  If you need a contact, let me know.  Also, everyone should be aware about an aggregation project under Phyllis Anzalone.  EES legal has found a loophole to the time restrictions on electricity contracts and the appropriations risk that we need to check out.  Jim 
 Ray --  Let's discuss on today's Refund call. =20  Jim 
 Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting.  Thanks,  Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Guys --  I agree that we need to file at FERC.  But we need to also get in the field with a strong message supporting FERC ASAP in the Southeast.  I'd rather go down swinging.  Maybe a least find out the objections of the parties across the region (including PUCs, stakeholders, etc.).  What about building a short schedule?  Maybe coordinate with DC office on key members?  Jim 
 good job. 
 I think this makes alot of sense.  Who would cover PA and NJ at retail - you?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please arrange a good time tomorrow or Thursday to talk with Aleck.  Jim 
 Thanks for doing this.  Jim 
 Probably not.  Thanks.  Jim 
 When: Tuesday, August 21, 2001 4:00 PM-4:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: eb47  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  PLEASE ATTEND IF POSSIBLE. 
 Latest information on CPUC Decision --  Commissioner Bilas filed an Alternative Draft for the CPUC that would:  *	hold DA suspension and have the CPUC conduct hearings that would work out details including impact on bonds and phasing ending of DA, *	resolved issues related to credits and payments of Negative CTC, and *	hold hearings dealing with bottoms-up ratemaking for DA.  This is effectively an updated version of the alternate that Bilas put out last time the CPUC considered this issue.  It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved.  Our current information is still that the CPUC will vote to suspend DA as of Sept 1.  Jim 
 Please see me.  Thx. 
 John --  How about I take the "delay" side for $200?  Jim 
 I think that we should support the effort.  I would not get into the specifics in any region or the specifics of the proceedings.  This should be an opportunity for Enron to "spin" its message - RTOs help us help our customers....  Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Why have exit fees and limit to open enrollment?  Jim 
 Right now I'd let the FERC make that call.  If asked, Enron believes that incorporating Fla into the Southeast makes great sense for Florida consumers - more access to low cost markets, etc.  Why is the fight ours?  Let's keep it alive before FERC but not make it a big push for Enron.  Jim 
 What happened?  Jim 
 John & Louise --  I wanted to make sure that you were aware that FERC has ordered natural gas sellers to provide monthly reporting for transactions relating to California.  We are, of course, seeking for FERC to modify its decision.  Given the politics surrounding California energy markets, it is unlikely that FERC remove in whole the reporting obligation.  Govt Affairs has talked with the West gas team about this new obligation and how we respond.  If you have any questions, please call.  Jim 
 Makes sense.  Jim 
 Please see PG&E response.  Jim 
 Ok.  How about breakfast on Thursday?  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Will be in touch.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  Please review and discuss with me if you think there could be "financial" products placed on top of this Utility service - ie, could we get a customer to agree to this and then offer a swap to fix their rate?  Jim 
 Fine with me.  I finish up with an EES Op Comm meeting at about 10am.  Jim 
 Amr-  You may want this.  Jim 
 Is this our responsive testimony?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for the update.  I think that maybe you should take 1 hour to walk through the deregulation history of pipelines?  Maybe INGAA has some nice history?  Jim 
 Amr --  Please take the first stab at two presentations (for each business unit) that would lay out what our key issues and decisionmaking process for these issues.  Jim 
  What do I do?   Jim 
 I am worried if we give the MM "penalty" ability - especially before the fact.  This feels alot like the NYISO implementing some market remedies.  FERC can act quickly to abuse if it is found.  Jim 
 This gets at some of the buckets of $$ that may or may not be charged to DA.  We continue to try and pull together the facts surrounding the potential surcharges to ensure that the book is properly marked.  Jim 
 Hope --  I will be attending the Board Meeting.  Sorry I am so late.  Linda Noske will be finalizing my plans.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Any way to work on (1) moving to 4/1/02?  Jim 
 Steve --  Thanks.  Looks good.  Some thoughts for you to consider:  1.    Not sure that Impact #1 makes sense to present.  No real reason to set CTC = 0 c/kwh on Jan 5 (CalPX was still in operation).  I think that Impact #2 better captures the idea.  Also, probably not good to use the term "CTC Eliminated".  Maybe should say "CTC = 0 c/kwh".  Given the CPUC's March 27 Order, the Utilities have a claim for additional generation related stranded costs until March 31, 2002.  2.     In calculating Impact #2, what did you use as the Jan 19 - Aug baseline?  Did you calculate the hit of ($104.5) from actual bills or based on our DJ Index model (there is a fundamental difference in likelihood based on the baseline)?  Also, I assume that the Feb - Aug timeframe was relatively low because EES and EEMC had most of their load on bundled service.  3.    Probably should discuss in a footnote the different models for PX Credit calculation and most specifically the PG&E Adjustment.  Also, may be interesting to have the $ impact of the PG&E Adjustment (the rate adjustment to re-capture their previous mistake).  I think that this is something we need to go into the CPUC to fight pretty quickly.  4.    Should Impact #4 and Impact #5 apply to SCE's loads?  In column 4 it looks like it does.  SCE is not currently hitting our bills with this surcharge.  5.    Probably better to model Impact #5 as of Oct 1 not Sept 1.  6.    Can you break out the volumes for "vintage" contracts versus "retail gen with passthru" contracts?  You haven't shown anything for (a) Utility Undercollection costs or (b) CDWR bond fees.  These costs may hit our vintage contracts.  Jim 
  Pls work into my calendar.  Jim 
 I'd be happy to come to the meeting on Sept 5.  I'd rather stay close to the bldg for the reception.  Jim 
 John --  Look at the letter from CAEM below.  They want us to sign on.  Not sure that Enron adding its name is the best idea.  Also, are the sections listed the right ones?  Maybe we can change this without our name.  Jim 
 Please process this request.  Jim 
 Susan --  Please take the lead on coordinating our response.  Thanks. 
 Paul --  How is everything going?  Wanted to make sure that I hadn't been unresponsive to the project.  Anything critical that you need from me?  Please let me know.  Jim 
 Agree.  Would be good to have the utilities' answer in graphic form (17+ RTOs) versus FERC's model on a side-by-side.  Discussion of the TCA work on natural markets to support FERC.  Jim 
   Please give me your comments before the meeting.  Jim 
  FYI 
 Hey,  maybe here for our anniversary.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Thanks.  By the way, it is only a "suggestion".  I know that I can push pretty hard at times but it's only because I believe that both of you can handle it.  You're both doing fabulous jobs.  Of everything going on, I never worry about the NE and SE RTO mediations because I know that you guys are going to get everything possible for Enron.  Keep up the great job!!!!  Thanks for everything,  Jim 
 Cool.  Sending messages in real-time.  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls print out for me. Thx. 
  FYI.  California is playing games with the market again.  Jim 
 Sweetie --  Here is the address.  Scott Karro 200 West 26th Street Apt. PHJ New York, NY  10001  I love you.  Jim 
 Info on the SCE response.  Jim 
 I wanted to make sure that you had seen the language Jeff references that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit  in the earlier e-mail.  Call me with any questions.  Jim 
 Jim --  I was wondering if you would like to meet with Alan Comnes and me to discuss your thoughts on market power mitigation on Thursday, Sept 13 at 7:30am in DC?  Let me know.  Alan and I are in DC for some other discussions.  Jim 
 Eric --  Please give me a call.  I would probably recommend that you sign a new contract with Dick given that we did not intend to renew his option year.  Jim 
 FYI 
 I agree with Bob that the reporting issues are important.  I also think that focusing on the "lessons learned" from the NE RTO and SE RTO mediation would be interesting.  Have people from different industry groups discussing their views of where the mediations concluded (assuming we are finished by October).  Any outstanding issues between EPSA members and between EPSA and other parts of the industry could be discussed.  Thanks,  Jim 
 No truth from what I know. 
  A couple of points --  1.	The language in the relief indicates that we are trying to "determine the validity and amount of PX Credits owed to EES and EEMC".  Is this correct?  Isn't our primary goal in this complaint to (a) have the Utility return the net credit to our bills and (b) to allow for recoupment againts all non-generation related charges?  2.	Throughout the document the idea of "T&D charges" is used.  I assume that this is shorthand for all non-generation related charges?  We pay CTC and public purpose costs as well as T&D.  3.	Not sure if CPUC regulates the ESPs.  The filing makes this case in the first paragraph.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Fine.  Dick and I have worked out exactly the hours for my group that he will work through mid-Oct.  Why not have Dick submit his charges for your group directly to your assistant?  Bernadette is in DC and having these charges running around the country may cause great confusion.  Finally, since I have not looked at his contract lately, I assume that in using this contract to move forward immediately we are not creating any other obligations with Dick?  Thanks,  Jim 
  Way to go!!!  Jim 
 I was wondering if someone from our trading desk would take the lead?  Not necessarily someone from Govt Affairs.  Jim 
 Are we ready?  I thought that we were still moving through the process.  Jim 
 Lisa -  I would recommend that you send Mike Day the language to clarify #3.  Jim 
  Alan --  Here is the original note for your update.  Jim 
 Lynne --  This appears fine.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Pat --  Please keep Jean Ryall and Thane Twiggs in the loop on these activities.  Specifically, they need to let the desk know before we take any formal actions.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Harry -- Can you please review and provide input on comments?  Especially a= s it relates to keeping open the San Diego market. =20 Jim 
  See last bill.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  Can you get a copy of the SBX2 1 and provide short synopsis?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Janel got something on this from PRI.  Not sure about how much media it got.  Jim 
 A short analysis that indicates who would face the brunt of this bill (Enron?) and the mechanism ($/mwh or % of income)?  Jim 
 Donna & Becky --  Do you have any good points of reference on the history of natural gas restructuring?  Jim 
 I've sent out some feelers on a good book.  I'll look around my desk etc.  Jim 
 I didn't calendar (or at least I don't remeber).  When will this happen?  Jim 
 Call Ozzie Pagan.  Jim 
 Lamar --  I have received the list of the clients from John McMullen.  The key push is Legislative and AReM PR is not involved.  We need the customers to call the Gov and key Legislators.  Jim 
 Dave --  With EES' push into serving smaller customers, the issues in this situation -- potential affiliate abuse and unfair sharing of information -- will become more important.  When EES focused on national outsourcing, this was less an issue because our products crossed many jurisdictions.  This issue, of course, is especially important in recently opened or opening markets as the affiliates try and secure large market share.  We are also watching for these activities in places like MI, VA, and OH.  Jim 
 We need to let Jeff Richter and Tim Belden understand the implications of this for current book of business.  Jim 
 Vicki --  Along with everything else, this bill continues to be discussed.  We don't think this is a high probability, but wanted you to be aware (and more importantly, this is California).  I'll keep you up to date.  Jim 
 Jason --  Dinner is at 5pm at the house.  We are catering from Eatzi's.  Casual dress is preferred.  See you then.  Jim 
 Janine --  If we have draft tariff language, I'd push pretty hard.  Jim 
 I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market.  If anyone has any specific questions before then, please call me at 713-853-7673.  Jim 
 We need a model for the entire Midwest independent of the ability to change= .  Jim 
 2pm works for me.  Jim 
  FYI.  It would be helpful for you to be on this call.  Jim 
 The meeting to discuss California issues today has been set at:  12:00 noon - 1:00 p.m. EB 8C1  Dial-in #:  1-847-413-3181 Passcode:  7816787 
 Here is another file. 
  FYI 
 FYI 
  FYI.  Please coordinate going forward with EPSA.  Jim 
  Here is the Proposed Decision.  Appreciate any thoughts you have on how to fight or when.  Jim 
 Bob --  Pls send Alan the overviews you and Ray put together earlier - thanks.  Jim 
 Bob --  Pls update me with all parties Ripple claims on this afternoon's call - Alan you should get on (4:30 Houston time).  Jim 
 I want to do this today.  Jim 
 Angie -  I will be traveling and unable to attend.  Hope everyone has a great time.  Jim 
 scary. 
 Sue --  What were the figures for the two months prior?  Jim 
 Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?  Jim 
 I don't understand why you were denied access.  Did we improperly file?  Call me. 
 Amr & Janel --  Please add these people to your lists.  Jim 
 Richard, etal  --  Attached is the complaint that EES intends to file tomorrow against SCE related to the recoupment of our Negative CTC.  As you aware, after returning our customers to DA recently, our billing department was expecting that the past Negative CTCs would be returned to our customer's accounts - this has not happened nor after conversations with SCE will it occur.  This complaint is the next step in the process of attempting to recoup these funds.  Primarily EES does not want to pay for Utility charges for our customers while an outstanding Negative CTC balance is due.  One key risk with filing this Complaint is that SCE may consolidate this case with the earlier Complaint that is currently on hold.  Probably not too big of a downside.  We will be paying the bills into the CPUC for holding until the resolution of the Complaint.  Any questions or issues please let me know.  Jim 
 I'll discuss tomorrow with Bob.  Jim 
 David --  I will cover for meeting and let you know if anything happens.  Jim 
 I plan on attending.  Jim Steffes 
 Sarah --  Two issues that we should work on -- First Energy discusses CBM (not sure of their position) and MAPSA deals with ICAP.  My recollection is that ICAP will not be addressed at this time?  Seems to me that we should  try and propose some resolution or at a minimum a separate proceeding to mediate this issue before 1/1/03?  What do you think?  On CBM, now is the time for FERC to get rid of this discriminatory practice.  Jim 
 This is the list of the parties opposing the NERTO and their arguments.  Jim 
 My only addition would be to strengthen the answer to #5 - RTOs, even if fo= rmed, do not explicity resolve the question of the Native Load Exception.  = I think that this is critical to highlight if this issued is raised. =20 Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Harry --  I think that this makes alot of sense.  I like working through AReM on this= as much as possible. =20 =20 When is the next deadline? =20 Jim 
 Please arrange on my schedule.  Jim 
  John -  I think that Sue is still on vacation.  Jeff may be able to help.  Jim 
 Bob --  When should we file our complaint at the CPUC?  Jim 
 I wanted IR and PR to be aware that within the next few days  the PG&E Bankruptcy team will file with the Judge Enron's current claim.  We intend to ask the Judge to Lift the Stay so that we can file at the CPUC a complaint to recoup our current receivable.  I'm not sure what our public statements have been and as soon as we prepare the filing, I'll let you know.  If anyone has any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jamie --  Thank you for keeping me in the loop on your activities.  While I am always supportive of more public statements pushing competition, neither I nor Enron can sign on to the letter.  First, I am concerned that having Enron sign on will distract from your messages.  Enron is a "hot button" in DC and will change the proper focus.  In addition, I would argue that the recommendation for a national commission is out of place with the current timing of FERC and Congressional action -- which is imminent -- while a commission would delay action on the Hill and at FERC, thus supporting the forces against competition.  Let's not study this too much - we know what to do.  Move away from the commission.  Also, I'm not sure how providing federal grant money only to states that promote competition supports our efforts.  Making GA pay for PA is a distraction from the main fights at FERC and on the Hill.  Finally, I would guess that more funds to FERC and other agencies will only be used to increase enforcement against those in the industry.  While Enron wants markets that work well, the core problem is that we haven't deregulated enough - not that markets aren't working.  Also, I don't know where the recommendation numbers from the Bush/Cheney plan came from -- I think it was an earlier document -- there are no such numbers in the final printed version of the report that I have.  If you want to talk, please let me know.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Are we sending anyone?  Jim 
 Amr --  I'd like this as well.  Jim 
 With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.  I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.  While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going.  I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.  For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.  This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.  Thanks - I appreciate your help,  Jim 
 I am not sure if we have a claim to "PX Credits".  Our claim is to the negative residual of Bundled less the PX Credit = Negative CTC.  Jim 
 Ray --  FYI.  Some information on how we are talking about the claims in the Bankrupcty case.  Jim 
  Include on the report.  Jim 
 It's on my calendar.  Unless I need to be in California, I'll go to DC.  Jim 
 Janel --  This paper has two great maps that highlight the Utilities' model for RTOs = and the FERC's current proposal.  Would be great to build this into some DC= and other political coverage.  Jim 
 Did our $MM Supreme Court attorneys have any heartburn?  Jim 
 Here is the file.  While there are some quotes, remember that the analytics were never taken to the final decimal.  We were mainly trying to make a political point.  Jim 
 Jean --  What is Doug going to say?  Do we have the right messages?  What about the retail issues in Texas?  Have we considered these?  Jim 
 Vicki & Evan --  Please see the e-mail trail below.  The PAPUC has assessed EES $147,000 for its costs.  We intend to protest.  Do you have any idea of who this bill would go to?  Jim 
 Tom --  There does appear to be some intelligence gathering going on at the CPUC.  You should speak with legal about the inquiry.  Clearly the CPUC has a right to ask anything they want - it is my understanding is that our customers have a confidentiality clause in their contract that prohibits them from responding.  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you please get a copy of the report below "Spending Wisely on Private Hubs" for me?  If it costs $$, I don't want it.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Jennifer -  Please make sure that Vicki gets regular updates of both bills.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Christi --  Fine work. Looks like we are moving forward in the SE.  A couple of discussion points.    I am still not so much in love the LMP as this paper makes it seem you are (I don't believe there is a perfect solution).  Also, the document is not consistent relating to Control Area consolidation.  For instance, the issue around CA or RTO with tagging makes no sense if there is only one CA - the RTO.  This is important to highlight to the ALJ.  The easiest way to solve the problem is to do away with the archaic systems of the old world.  Also, I still don't fully understand why we are happy that the SAC gets to pick the IMA.  I personally despise the concept of a SAC - never has worked when times get tough.  Also, no real discussion (or maybe I missed) of timing to implement - next phase?  Anyway, great work in the mediation.  Keep pushing these guys from the South.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Jeff --  See below.  Does this fit into Mary's responsibilities?  Let me know.  Jim 
 Thought you should see this.  Jim 
 Should we talk about the implications for the PX Credit given this PD?  I am guessing that this would significantly alter the calculation for PG&E - moving DWR from $60 to $140.  Do we want to file comments on how this should than resolve the PX Credit process?  Jim 
 I wanted to re-confirm that you are covering?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Please set up a meeting on Monday with Becky.  Thanks 
 This guy runs a small think tank / TV and radio program that tries to push competitive ideas.  He is very pro telecom and energy dereg.  Not sure if this is something that makes alot of sense for Enron, but thought I'd get your spin.  I'll follow up with you.  Jim 
 Thanks for the material.  I am discussing internally.  Will keep confidential.  Jim 
 Good info.  I like the Reg Orig plays.  Amr should track our success.  Jim 
 Jim --  I'll be staying downtown.  Once I finalize my plans, I'll get in touch to finalize our meeting.  You're right about our thinking - probably just to get a feel for some ideas, nothing formal.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Lisa --  I don't have any funds for this.  Sorry.  Jim 
 Jose - thanks.  Also, feel free to send to JoAnn Hill in Houston.  Jim 
  For the report. 
 Susan --  Please put in an RCR to discuss ASAP (probably next week).  I think that the key issue involves the inclusion of financial transactions.  Need a solid message from industry that this is inappropriate - which EPSA members are filing this info?  Jim 
 Some thoughts from Bob Williams.  Jim 
 Please let the right person know that I will be on vacation.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Fully agree.  I figure Sarah's already committed to #2.  Jim 
 Charles --  After our conversation today, I thought that I'd outline some Q&A topics for you to consider --  1.	How does NERC define "security"? (important to differentiate between national security and system security). 2.	What is NERC's role in national security? 3.	Will RTOs degrade national security?  system security? 4.	What does Enron think about calls to restrict access to network information such as transmission maps? 5.	Does Enron oppose additional emphasis on securing electricity infrastructure?  This Q&A should not be released to the public.  I think this is just to make sure that all of Govt Affairs is on the same page and our DC team has good answers to hard questions.  Thanks. 
 Guys --  We need to quickly put together some talking points on how to respond to AEP's request for delay until 2003.  My understanding is that AEP in Texas is wholly outside of ERCOT (if wrong - please inform).  AEP needs only to file a good amendment to the FERC OATT (or SPP needs to do it for them) ASAP.  My basic model for provisioning of energy for retail competition in non-ERCOT Texas is that delivery to the border of the OATT provider (for instance delivering a into-Entergy product into Arkansas and paying for losses would be sufficient for delivery into the Woodlands).  Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner.  Thanks 
 I'm on my way to DC.  Please ask my asst to set a good time to call with you on Wed.  Thanks 
 Unless Jean hears otherwise, I don't think that Enron needs to be doing anything that conflicts with the key policy arrangement on the marketer being the customer of record for the T&D services.  Jim 
 What does Mike Roan think??  Also, will they help pay for our "natural market study" in the SE??  Jim 
 Ray --  Wanted to make sure that you had seen the note Sanders sent around?  I think that we should discuss today on the 4:30 call.  Jim 
 Lisa --  Give me a call about this and Item #1 below.  Jim 
 Please print and ensure that Jose Bestard has this info.  Jim 
 Have we done my travel for NERC meeting in Vancouver?  Jim 
 Looks good.  Why doesn't EPSA propose a timeline for the FERC to order?  This could be a signal that we only want one "rule change" date.  Also, maybe we can build in Kevin's argument about uncertainty hurting liquidity and market dynamics right now.  Jim 
  The statements.  Jim 
 Rick --  You indicated that NERC disavowed their discussions with the press about national security and RTOs to NB (I may have misheard you).  I think these attachments would prove otherwise.  Finally, I'm sure that RJ Rudden is just fronting for Southern.  Jim 
 Paul --  Can we have a phone call with our Reg team on Friday to make sure that everything is a-ok?  I want one final run through.  If yes, please let me know by phone and I'll ask Linda Noske to set up the call.  Also, I owe you a call on Sue / Jeff.  Are you in Thurs?  Jim 
 Here is my proposed budget.  Jim 
 Mike Roan and Tom Hoatson would be the best.  Jim 
 Lynnette --  Please talk with Pat Keene about Nevada.  Some customers will have access.  Jim 
 Please make sure this discussion is incorporated into the Monthly Report 
 This is a non-ERCOT Texas utility.  Jim 
 Rick --  Belden is in Houston next Wednesday and a number of the Western team is going to visit with him about current status and issues.  Also, he wants to get more info on the PJM model.  Congress has re-scheduled the hearing on Reliability for the same time.  Can you attend the Belden meeting in Houston (Presto is coming for the PJM model discussion)?  Jim 
 Dave --  Do we have a strong preference for what DSTAR utilities should do?  I think that we want to communicate with OMTR and others at FERC to push a single RTO in the West (leaving CA) outside.  Also, having the Transco originally within the RTO West makes alot of operational sense and should not limit the economics of the Transco.  Jim 
  Rick --  Please see attached.  Lot's of $$ from CA.  Jim 
 Thanks Dave.  The critical things for us to take-away are the key priorities for the Desk moving forward.  On this, I want to make sure that Kevin and Tim are comfortable with the evolving process of implementing RTOs - Option 1: wait till completely ready or Option 2: start with basic and "improve".  Thanks,  Jim 
 Becky --  My only question is one of emphasis.  Are points 3&4 the key for Barry T.?  If so, should we move them up higher?  Also, why the very lenghthy discussion of pooling points?  The length makes the points after that discussion hard to appreciate.  Maybe a list of bullet points up front?  Jim 
 Should we add a Project titled "Interconnection NOPR" for Susan Lindberg?  Jim 
 Susan --  Can we sit down tomorrow or Monday for 30 minutes to discuss.  Maybe at 11am Friday.  Want to get an idea of the timing and our position.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar and arrange travel/hotel.  Thanks 
 Rick --  I see that Amr has taken over the Fundamentals Group.  The fiefdom grows!!!!  Jim 
 Ray --  I think that this is about the CalPX bankruptcy.  Any issues?  Can you please get with PGE to make sure we are on the same page?  Jim 
 Mary --  As we discussed, please find a list of our project team leads on on-going wholesale matters.  Thanks,  Jim 713-853-7673 
 Could you please find out what group Carlos works with and pass him some information?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Info you wanted.  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Not sure what we're doing.  I'll pass this along.  Jim 
 Please consider this candidate for the position.  Jim 
 Probably want to talk with Jay Lewis and other product leads?  I'll get some names.  Jim 
 Did you attend?  Did we file comments?  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  We need to push for other good load programs in PJM a= nd New England.  Jim 
 Before I send this Louise, I'd like your thoughts.  The element that drives the EA # higher than I would have thought is the large number of people who are working on RTO and NERC only matters.  I've made a decision to assign these people to EA rather than spread to EES.  I could change if you think appropriate.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Lisa -  Please include G. Canovas in these discussions going forward.  Thanks. 
 Any other news?  Jim 
 Sure.  Jim 
 I think it's a fair statement that Enron doesn't currently support the Bart= on language.  On this issue, I would argue that any penalty imposed should = remain the purview of FERC and its procedures.  Jim 
 Mike --  Let's discuss.  I don't want to overextend our involvement to all regional reliability councils and all working groups. If the MAPP RTC is critical, let's understand why and staff as best we can.  Jim 
 Jim --  Do have a final copy for my files?  I assume that we submitted?  Jim 
 I agree with John Shelk to not attack the CBO report.  While the CBO again and again relies upon academic studies to state that ge= nerators "may" have withheld power, the basic argument is that "DEREGULATIO= N ITSELF NOT FAIL; RATHER, IT WAS NEVER ACHEIVED."   In addition, the paper= states that "MUCH OF THE BLAME FOR CALIFORNIA'S ELECTRICITY CRISIS ATTACHE= S TO THE STATE'S RESTRUCTURING PLAN -- BUT NOT TO ITS OBJECTIVE, ELECTRICIT= Y DEREGULATION."  In addition, California's response of "DIRECTLY INTERVENING IN THE MARKET -= - A RESPONSE THAT COULD PROVE COSTLY TO ELECTRICITY CONSUMERS AND TAXPAYERS= ."  I hope that we can use this to persuade FERC that they are missing the boat= on the Refund case.  The CBO has now stated publicly that the fundamental = market conditions and the State's poor plan and actions created the financi= al and political crisis.  The CBO finds that "WHOLESALE ELECTRICITY PRICES = WERE HIGHER THAN THEY PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN IN A TRADITIONALLY REGULATED= MARKET OR A MORE FULLY DEREGULATED MARKET"..because "FEATURES OF THE RESTR= UCTURING PLAN LIMITED THE RESPONSIVENESS OF THE SUPPLY AND DEMAND SIDES OF = THE ELECTRICITY MARKET."  Seems to me that we need to devise a strategy to get this message out (toge= ther with our details of the policy failures).  This CBO report clearly und= ercuts the "political" arguments of the Davis administration who had every = opportunity to fix the plan and who has now not only bought into horrible l= ong-term contracts but has passed through 100% of the high costs to consume= rs.  Jim=20 
 Today after the Hearing I attended lunch with John Anderson and Phil Harris.  One of the primary points of discussion involved what to do to respond to the NERC legislative efforts?  Basically we agreed that a straightforward delegation of authority over reliability to FERC made sense for all of the groups.  Agreeing to that, the idea is to review the Bingaman language and see if our groups could agree to that language.  I think that internally Enron is already there???  John Shelk, if you could pls send out the language to everyone on this e-mail to get agreement that would be very helpful.  I'll let you know how we next proceed.  If anyone has any problems, please let me know.  Thanks. 
  Lisa --  Who should I send this guy to?  Tim Battaglia?  Thanks. 
 Lisa --  I haven't forgotten about trying to find a name.  Was on vacation in early October.  I will ask 