 I had received this in an e-mail, wasn't sure if you had gotten a copy.  Stacey 
 This the latest on the move.  Stacey 
 That's it for me.  Stacey 
 FYI  Stacey 
   Here you go.  Stacey 
 Can you tell me what the post-id was on my original file?  Stacey 
 thanks 
 Hope this helps a little bit re: RisktRAC.  After talking to Jeff, I believe the key to book codes is ensuring from IT that we can use whatever we want as the database will be entry.  Andrea, I agree that you should keep a power list and Kam should keep the gas list.  Also, just wondering if when we set up the gas books should we have also put in requests for gas daily, basis, index, etc.  I couldn't remember how that worked.  Stacey 
 What is she talking about?  Stacey 
  Thought you would think this was funny.  Stacey 
 Was in a meeting with UBS at this time.  Sorry.  Stacey 
 Can you have someone do this?  I forgot to put it on the group's To Do list for the week.  (Besides, I thought I would do it myself, but never seem to find time).  Stacey 
 Does anyone know what the status of this change is for the West?  Stacey 
 Whenever we asked to give terminated information for the Estate we should include the 'Alberta ENA Bankruptcy' portfolio.  The transactions in this portfolio are transactions entered into by Canada using a ENA contract that has now been terminated.  If you have specific questions, please contact Kathy Reeves.  Stacey 
 Leslie,  Here is the most updated list of pre-bankruptcy payouts.  Do you think Evelyn, Bryce, etc. could put together numbers for outstanding payable/receivable?  Stacey 
 You just let me know what y'all decide. 
 Thanks! 
 If you have not already done so, please send instructions to users (or IT support) to update machines in Portland.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I didn't hear much more than that myself.  Stacey 
 I heard that.  How was the floor meeting?  Stacey 
 Steven Luong and Nick are working on a better list with more specific names.  I'll keep you informed.  Stacey 
 Jeremy,  We will need no additional curves.  Only those designated by the gas group will need to be moved.  Thanks for the heads-up.  Stacey 
 What is the exact name for Georgia Pacific?  We do not see any transactions with them in the system.  Stacey 
 Casey,  Can you please auto-schedule the following deals for December.  Please let Leslie and I know when you are complete.  Stacey  Deal # 114998 578961 578964 578965 
 John - Not even the Dec #'s are done yet?  I believe they are planning on mass drafting Monday, so whatever is in the system at this time will go to Unify.  We might as well match Unify even if it is wrong, I guess.  Leslie - thoughts?  Stacey 
 Sonia,  Kim may have some changes to the seating assignments.  I believe these changes will also affect where Evelyn's settlements group sits.  Please coordinate changes and then send me a list of desk #'s and associated names.  I need to forward this information to Lloyd Will.  Thanks, Stacey 
 The orig trading books can be set up at a later date.  It should be a while before we have any activity of that sort.  We ran financial liquidations because we have not had any additions to the financial terminations.  I am working on one more big set of counterparties who had auto-termination language in their master agreements.  I vote we catch up with all the information we have as of today and then run liquidations on Monday.  What do you guys think?  Stacey 
 Thanks 
 Are the numbers in Canadian $'s?  If so, can you send me conversions.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have to run, but call me tomorrow.  I have an idea of what your difference might be caused from.  Stacey 
 Please start the following task in the morning:  Using the Official 11-30 calcs that you exported deal summaries from, add the following counterparty's MTM by desk: Constellation Energy Authority Sempra Energy Trading Public Service of Colorado  I believe the calc that identified our top-levels had extra transactions or values that did not fall out of our books.  Once you have figured out the total for the above counterparties compare them to your top-levels.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have not recompared the Master Log to the 'Physical Terminated' spreadsheet.  This is just an update of my initial review.  Any comments would be appreciated.  I have also not included the Auto Terminations that we found out about today.  After tomorrow's updates, I will do these.  We are planning on moving the auto-terminations identified by David and confirmed by Kimberly to the bankruptcy book tomorrow.  If anyone has a problem with the counterparties identified, please let me know as soon as possible  Thanks,  Stacey 
 I have an 11:00, so I will have to leave early.  Stacey 
 Each of you needs to send a book request for the East & West portfolios for the counterparties listed in the following spreadsheet.  The spreadsheet identifies those counterparties which we are still performing under the contracts.  Please create a East-Performance and a West-Performance book.  We then need to get all deals with the following counterparties moved to those books.  I would suggest you pull the values out of AdHoc as of 12/31 for the counterparties by desk before transferring them to the new desk.  Obviously these transactions will create prior days and the amount will run through the P&L in the old and new books and flatten out.  The remaining prior day value will need to be in Schedule E.  Stacey 
 As soon as we finish calcing our book on Friday, we should be good to go.  We will start as soon as possible. 
 When: Thursday, January 10, 2002 4:30 PM-5:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: ECS05102  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Do you know if the rest of these auto-terminations apply to all deals we have with this counterparties, or just certain deals?  Please look into them and let me know as soon as possible.  Stacey 
   Let me know if you need anything else.  Stacey 
 Please don't forget to send this to us so we will have a record.  Stacey 
 login:  swhite pword: russ17duke 
 When: Thursday, January 10, 2002 2:30 PM-3:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Sonia can you set up on 5 in new building  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Sonia,  It looks like you have a meeting from 2-4, so can you send me any documentation that you may have done re: any seating arrangements in the new building.  Thanks, Stacey 
 We are through the 'As of 1-7' tabs.    Stacey 
 Don,  Could you have someone send me the newest list of counterparties (both East & West) that we are still performing with.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Sally,  John Postlethwaite, Donnie Vinson and Casey Evans all have the title of Associate Director.  Kathy Reeves was a manager previously so I assume she is also an Associate Director.  I will be out of the office the rest of this afternoon for a doctor's appointment.  If you need me I will have my cell phone 281-382-5215.  Thanks, Stacey 
 The users I would start with are:  Todd Warwick Frank Cernosek  Stacey 
 Tim,  John's communication regarding not updating December was in order to complete December liquidations for accounting and settlements last week.  However, we were then informed that settlements would not draft their billing until the 14th of January so we then retracted our 'hold' on updating December schedule.  Any updates that can be made in order for settlements to get the most accurate data would be most appreciated.  In addition, the cash flow forecast (as indicated by Don) will be coordinated through Kristin.  I do not believe you will have to do any work for this as all the data will come from our risk calculations and true settlement information.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Do you need any help?  Stacey 
 Thanks - Merry Christmas! 
 This is possible.  Probably won't be until tomorrow.  Stacey 
 Just make sure this is OK.  Stacey 
 The e-mail was sent on 1/3/2002, but the detail states that "TXU Energy Trading Company should be considered terminated effective December 2, 2001 by reason of an automatic termination provision in the agreement between TXU and EPMI".  The e-mail does not give any details on ENA, ECC, of EES.  Stacey 
 Please send a power and gas book request for Andy Zipper.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have two other meetings at this time.  Stacey 
 After talking to Tom I have a new plan of attack for Schedule E's.  He informed me that the top-levels were typically put in at one region level per roll.  I had Zhiyun re-run the killed deals calc (post id 15667).  Everyone should go back into the rolls and put the top-levels into their correct regions also adjusting the Schedule E's.  This is why the differences are so large in certain areas and the only way we can start to pinpoint the problem is to find the problem spots.  I have also identified where the $4.6 MM difference for OPPD arose from.  Deal # 11678.04 has not been transferred into the East Bank book.  In addition, there are no volumes in this deals; however, if you look back to the official 11/30/2001 calc there are volumes for this deal.  It gets more bizarre than that because there were two deals that should have been transferred for OPPD (11678.4, and 564826.1).  Deal 564826.1 was transferred but the valuations are approximately $4MM different.  I have printed detail for deals 11678.4 and 564826.1 (they are in Casey's chair) as of the 11/30/2001 official calc.  I have also printed deal 564826.1 in the 11/30/2001 bankruptcy calc.  I noticed that I cannot see any swap detail reports for the bankruptcy calc.  Please re-calc and generate these reports as they will probably be important as we dig into details.  Other than Andrea who has to perform some IT testing, no one should be working (or playing) on anything other than trying to get these Schedule E's and top-levels figured out.  The task is actually very important as there will be many decisions made off of these numbers.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Here is the latest results from our valuation engine.  Please let me know if you see any mistakes.  We will update with your newest changes tomorrow, so you can exclude those from your evaluation.  I also noticed that their is a financial UI transaction.  I believe this was just an oversite and have asked Casey to look into it.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have already updated the Physical and Financial Terminated spreadsheets with these updates.  Please have your groups start the split/clean-up scheduling process for the new counterparties.  Stacey 
 This is coming from Kathy Reeves.  Give her a call.  Stacey 
 Why is there still a financial position in the East portfolio for UI?  Stacey 
   Let me know if this is not what you need.  Stacey 
 Casey,  Can you have someone follow up with Hai and Harry and see how all these reports are working?  Stacey 
 Please find attached the Integration Plan for Power Risk Management.  If you need this information consolidated or expanded just let me know.  Thanks, Stacey 
 You can contact Leslie Reeves for this information.  Stacey 
 Should we request the LT-Option book to be attached to Andy Zipper?  Any other books needed for him?  Will he be allowed to trade all regions?  Thanks, Stacey 
 Looks good - you mention month-end deadlines.  You also might want to mention the work that goes on during month-end close and how that could potentially affect trading P&L.  Stacey 
 I know of nothing in stage that I use.  I would like to make sure Casey and John both agree with me.  Stacey 
 Casey and John can get back to you on your specific question re: Canada.  However, I wanted to let you know that our DPR will more than likely not be final until Friday.  Hopefully we can get you all reports then.  We have had to leave the DPR open due to many terminations that are still funneling our way and we are getting the 12-31 data as clean as possible for the estate.  Stacey 
 Please let me know your thoughts on the following correspondence.  We are in the process of putting together our integration plan and the interest rate curve is one of our biggest stumbling blocks since the interest rate group will not be going to NEWCO.  As you can see, your name has been volunteered and I need to know what all you will need access to in order to get this curve to the Risk Management groups on a timely (preferably 2:00 p.m.) basis.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Wonder if he knows this?  Stacey 
 This looks good.   I originally had a headcount of 11.  If you added one to my headcount, then I agree.  Stacey 
 This is information on the testing you will be performing this afternoon.  Stacey 
 I can meet Tuesday anywhere from 9:00 to 3:00 (the meeting would have to end at 3:00 because I have a Dr's appt.).  Wednesday, I am totally open.  Stacey 
 I am not personally interested in any positions currently.  Thank you, Stacey White 
 Vlad,  Here is the latest book list based on book requests.  The one item I know has not been requested is Andy Zipper as the LT-Option trader.  When we request this and it is complete, we will send you an update.  Stacey 
 Would 10:00 our time work?  Stacey 
 They are rotating one person out a day starting Monday.  We will not be setting up the West books.  I would like to meet with you and Casey Monday morning if possible.  You can still be at home as long as we can call you.  Stacey 
 We have been officializing every day and the information is obviously as good as the curves.  Every other Friday is just as good as any other day.  Stacey 
 I believe two of you is fine.  We have stopped our rotation in the East and will have lots of work to do re: setting up books, continuing with terminations etc.  Until it becomes evident, continue on.  Stacey 
 Go ahead and include counterparties on our power list even if they do not have any outstanding trades.  That way, if anyone is comparing our lists later on their will be no discrepancy and they won't have to ask us again.  Thanks for all the other information.  Stacey 
 Fine by me. 
 As of now I should have no employees on the Estate list.  Israel Estrada was on the list previously, but we have moved him to Power Global Rates in Netco.  Stacey 
 Can one of you resend me the unarchive shortcut to 2000 data?  Stacey 
 Here is the latest Master.  It is kind of a cluster.  The easiest way to pi= ck out power is to set an AutoFilter and look at Enron Entity column.  Stacey 
   Let me know how I can help.  Stacey 
 Christina,  Just wanted to let you know that Donnie will be joining us for the 11:30 meeting.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Please review and let me know if I have misrepresented any counterparties.  If you want me to add comments, send them to me and I will incorporate.  Thanks, Stacey  David, Just to make sure you know, the Power Physical Terminated Transactions spreadsheet, is put together by Melissa from information she has received from Master Log and other.  This is our primary source for moving transactions into the bankruptcy book as she review to ensure that the contracts terminated cover all our trades.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thank you 
 Now that Will has been cleaning out scheduling tables, will you ensure that the prepays in the document below are still in the scheduling system.  If they are not, we can autoschedule them.  Thanks, Stacey 
 One more forward of terminated counterparties.  Won't promise this will be the last.  Stacey 
 Melissa,  Here are some more to investigate!  Stacey 
 Melissa,  Can you find out if this Master Energy Purchase and Sale Agreement covers all our deals with TXU?  Stacey 
 Min,  I am so happy that you were moved to the Netco list.  Thank you for all your hard work and the efforts you have put forth to learn our needs and react quickly to them. I look forward to working with you in the future.  Stacey 
 Melissa,  Here are some more.  Just keeping you in the loop.  Stacey 
 Thank you regarding Min.  He does an extreme amount of work for us and I believe going forward we will need more rather than less of Excel type reports.  Stacey 
 Fran,  Congratulations!  I can't believe you didn't call and tell me.  Can't wait to see the ring.  Stacey 
 Thank you! 
 One more to look for.  Stacey 
 See point 2 below - just wanted you to be on the lookout for MidAmerican.  Stacey 
 No I had another meeting at this time.  Stacey 
 We have many deals in the system with UI, but they are all part of one contract.  To my knowledge, this is the only big contract we have with them.  Just wanted to let you know because going through all the deals would be time consuming and they basically are one huge deal.  Stacey 
  Have you seen documentation on these counterparties?  Stacey 
 I have another meeting at this time.  Can we reschedule or can I send someone else?  Stacey 
 Just wanted you to be aware of our concerns regarding Min Zheng.  He is our Excel support and is called upon on a daily basis for help.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I spoke to Tim today regarding the prepayment transactions with terminated counterparties.  He constructed this e-mail in response.  Hope this clarifies.  Have a Merry Christmas, Stacey 
 This is the latest draft of pre-bankruptcy pay-outs.  I have put all the information I have, please add any that you may know.  Have a Merry Christmas! 
  Please forward to the following: Nick Hiemstra Ed Baughman Naveed Ahmed  The request is for the East and West portfolios (non-terminated).  Don't forget to include Capacity and show separately in queries. By Portfolio, by Counterparty, by Category Code - P&L and delta by month.  Also send a P&L update to Elizabeth Sager and Don Miller.  The original files are 'East by Counterparty' and 'West by Counterparty'.  Stacey 
  In order to point to the UBS environment in EnPower you need to change your PortCalc Host to the following.  This screen is reached through Tools - Option Environment.  Also, copy the PortCalc Host into your FTP Host:    Let me know if you have any questions.  Stacey  <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 I was out of the office yesterday when you called.  It looks like you have received as much information as we have from Jeff.  Thanks again for your continued help.  Hope all is well.  Stacey 
 I ran deal data for the counterparties we received termination notification on today.  I did not want to start moving deals while you were running calcs, so we can just do this tomorrow.  The deals are on the 'East New as of 12-19' and the 'West New as of 12-19' tabs.   Stacey     P.S. Don't forget about Will's new application in stage.  Stacey 
 I have put this file together for our investigation.  Have to run to a meeting, can discuss later.  Stacey 
 Good News!!!  The termination spreadsheets have been updated.  There are three new counterparties for physical and one new counterparty for financial.  Will Smith has moved a new version of Deal Liquidation into stage for us to use going forward.  It incorporates both his script for moving deals to Bankruptcy books and splitting deals on their termination dates.  Please look at this so we can use it on our updates.  Stacey 
 Dana,  Here are the values of the annuities in the book as of 12/18/2001.  These annuities represent amounts UI paid to Enron for the specified PPA's taken on during the transaction.  Stacey  Deal #		Description			Amount 277987		Bridgeport/RESCO from UI	$132,435,059 277854		Derby Hydro pmt from UI		$      432,504 277816		Shelton	Landfill pmt from UI	$    1,271,462   The following list represents other values associated with Resco, Derby and Shelton.   Deal #		Description			Amount 277987		Resco Deal			$(139,333,170) 257449.2	Receipt of capacity Resco	$    3,889,708 255034		Longs - Derby Hydro		$        (29,107) 257449.4	Receipt of capacity Shelton	$         49,488  I have also attached a file with UI current deal numbers and comments attached to those deals, thought it might help.  Stacey 
 You suck! 
   This is the latest list I have received.  I will forward you any updates.  Stacey 
 How do we want to go about this?  Stacey 
   Let me know if anything sticks out as peculiar.  Stacey 
 Who else should I send this to?  Stacey 
 What are you talking about?  Stacey 
 We will be running a December MTD DPR tomorrow.  Before we start this process please recalc the East, West, Eastbank, & Westbank portfolios to AdHoc.  Check one more time that only terminated counterparties are in the Bank portfolios and all terminated counterparties are out of the East and West portfolios.  Before kicking off the calcs, double check the specific deals that are listed on the Physical Power Terminated spreadsheet.  I believe there were whole deals moved to the Bank portfolios by Will that should never have been moved, because they were already liquidated in November.  Also, I have attached a new copy of the physical terminations.  There is one counterparty (TXU) added to the list that we need to take care of before kicking off the calcs.  In addition to adjusting deal entry for TXU we also need to adjust scheduling.  Before recalcing the Bank portfolios, please contact Debbie Brackett or Stephanie McGinnis (4-2022) to make sure that they have extracted the data they need from the portfolios.  We should still be calcing on 'No True-up'.  Casey, I know you said this probably will still cause us trouble.  At this point, we are going for reasonableness with numbers.  All the previous top-levels in our rolls (as of the 3rd or 4th) will stay as top-levels until we know the exact amount of cash that is being attributed to power.  The remaining prior day values will be held in Schedule E for Georgeanne to move to a balance sheet account.  These top levels should match the total value of your Bankruptcy portfolios.  Where I think it will get tricky is that we are calculating as of the 18th and have transactions in the Bankruptcy portfolio that are before the 18th and therefore will fall into your liquidations.  These numbers will also have to moved to Schedule E.  When running through liquidations in the East and West portfolios, we will not be flat.  Currently, we are liquidating all non-terminated counterparties other than those specifically negotiated out of by scheduling.  (Thresa and I are working on this with Corry and Cara).  The settlements group will figure out what the counterparty agrees with through the check-out and ultimately the clean-up process.  Tomorrow should be a blast - I can't wait!!!  Stacey 
 In addition to running the East and West portfolio calculations we will also be running the bankruptcy books on a daily basis.  These should be run as 'Official AdHoc Full Book' but NOT OFFICIALIZED.  The post id numbers should be e-mailed to Debbie Brackett, Stephanie McGinnis and John Powell before you leave for the evening.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Debbie,  The bankruptcy post ids for 12-18 are 15296 and 15297.  The data should be available first thing in the morning.  Norman is running the calcs for me because I was receiving error messages.  Stacey  Norman,  If the post ids change or the data is not available by morning please reply to all to let us know the status.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Melissa,  I was told that Grant County was also terminated and is on Kim's list, but I have not seen it on our updated master power list.  Can you let me know the status of this counterparty.  Thanks, Stacey 
 We are in town so count us in.  I am TOTALLY planning on getting loaded (on munchies).  Stacey 
 I am not sure why these did not show up yesterday, maybe my query was incorrect.  However, the following spreadsheet contains terminated counterparties that still show up in the West portfolio.  Let me know that you have or have not corrected it.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Attached is a spreadsheet with marks as of 12/18/2001.  If you need anything else, please let me know.    Stacey White 713-853-1870 
 The post ids for the bankruptcy books will be:  15267 15268  They are running right now.  They take approximately 30 minutes so should be complete at 9:45.  If you are not seeing numbers, call Andrea Dahlke X5-4080.  I am running to a dentist appointment this morning, and will be back shortly.  Stacey 
 Christina,  Please add the following items to our issues list.  I have talked to Leslie about these and she will be able to talk through them on Monday.  1.  Determine whether or not we need to establish POA's for cash accounts. This is a Day 1 issue.  Please insert after the 'Set up new cash accounts and lock box'.  2.  Determine whether or not financial commodity trading, other than power and gas, will be allowed in order to ensure that all adequate curves, indexes, etc and being established in the rate system.  This is a Day 1 issue.  3.  Need to set up meeting to discuss approval processes for new curves, books, settlement indexes after Day 1.  Suggested groups to be involved: Market Risk, Credit Risk, Finance and Control, Operations.  4.  Discussion around the use of Enron's 'New Counterparty' methodology. This is a Day 1 issue.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Please split the following deals into their respective pre and post bankruptcy desks:  Counterparty Name	Trades Terminated	Early Termination Date  AES Eastern Energy LP	775220, 814567, 821656, 821666, 842776, 842777, 857752	12/11/2001   Thanks, Stacey 
 Just wanted to make sure you had the latest files of terminated counterparties. 
 Thanks for the offer, I have a Dr's appt.  Maybe later this week.  Mid C is R9, but WSCC-N is R8.  A 'B' indicates a basis curve which WSCC-N is not.  Have you talked to Bruce from Chase re: these files?  Stacey 
 What did today's look like?  Do we still have the same problems in power?  Stacey 
 When: Monday, December 17, 2001 2:30 PM-3:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: My desk  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 R8  Yes, I can get BPA volumes.  What is it for?  Stacey 
 When you get a chance, give me an update on this.  Stacey 
 got it!  Hope everything is going well.  Stacey 
 The bankruptcy post ids are as follows:  East - 15221 West - 15222  Let me know what else I can do.  Stacey 
 Just curious, what was Nick doing when he visited Houston the beginning of November.  Just wondering, because I didn't know he was here.  Stacey 
 I will attend.  Also, is there someone who objects to sending invitations through the calendar tool?  It is a much more efficient method of getting meetings on the calendar.  Thanks, Stacey 
 OK - I believe that is when I was gone, now that you mention it.  Stacey 
 If you get a chance, give me a call.  Can't wait to hear all the London scoop!  I hope you are well despite this disaster.  Stacey 
 I heard you got information on Monica.  Could you forward it to me?  Thanks, Stacey 
 I'm all right.  In denial a little because I really do not want to work anywhere else, but oh well!  How are you?  Did you get a chance to talk to Monica?  I hope they are o.k.  Stacey 
 Here you go.  Sorry for the delay.  Please let me know what else I can do.  The file is subtotaled to include Peak and Off-peak together.  It includes both positions and current MTM as of last night.  Stacey White 3-1870 
 Have you turned in my expense report?  Do you need my Amex bill?  Stacey 
 Thanks.  Stacey 
 I'll let you know if I hear anything.  I have absolutely no idea at this point.  Stacey 
 I have no contractors.  Stacey 
 As of right now this is the plan for the killed transactions: Please use the attached spreadsheet that indicates the prior day changes in your rolls.  Then compare these actual changes to the projected changes in the spreadsheet below.  As of tonight, please top-level all prior day changes and we will tackle tomorrow.  Also, remember that traditionally you would have no financial prior days on the first business day, so the financial prior days showing up in your rolls are due to killed financial transactions.  These amounts should also be top-leveled.  Thanks, Stacey 
 When does she leave?  Stacey 
 Please make sure you cc: me on all requests that you send out to credit, VaR, etc for the banks.  If you are not sending something via e-mail and you are just giving information over the phone.  Please send me the information as well.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I was in a meeting last night to discuss who was critical.  I do not know if that list has been blessed.  The list we put together would definitely get us a through especially since we will not have all the old deals.  Your normal contacts should be there - Norman, Zhiyun, Min, Duong Luu, Will Smith.  Stacey 
 That is bizarre.  They may have sent everyone home and called them back.  I will investigate tomorrow.  Stacey 
 Can you give me a final list of the EnPower support that still exists so that we can have a good contact list?  Thanks, Stacey 
 Can you look in to this for me?  Stacey 
 Where is the DPOS folder?  Stacey 
 FYI on Estate EnPower support. 
 Do you think Min would be able to help?  Stacey 
 Can you unarchive m:\common\power\position\dpr\1999 and as far back as there are years in this directory.  Stacey 
 Min should be able to help you with your excel request.  Stacey 
 Have you been in contact with him?  Stacey 
 He would definitely be going to clean-up if we start the new company.  If we do not start the new company he would be the first person laid off.  What kind of contract is he under?  Stacey 
 I have no idea how the contracts are being handled.  If he is that unhappy he should talk to Billy Lemmons (the associate HR rep).  Stacey 
 Here is my request:  Can you make the system calculate a killed deal?  There were deals killed with Sempra Energy Trading on Saturday and the credit group needs to know what the value would have been had these deals been calculated against yesterday's curves.  Basically, we need to calc all Sempra deals that were killed Saturday or later as of last night.  Is this possible?  Thanks, Stacey 
 The LT-Option book should have a prior day of +226,703.43.  Please include this in the spreadsheet I sent out yesterday.  It is a Constellation deal that was not killed.'  Thanks, Stacey 
 No 
 I have Norman running a calc on the Sempra transactions.  He was able to set up a special calc to calc the killed deals.  When he is able to give you the values, will you call Dave Forster @ 3-1861 and let him know the values.  I will be in meetings from 1:30 - 4:30.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Why do you keep canceling this very important meeting?  Stacey 
 Good to hear! 
 I had received this from Chris Abel.  Maybe it will be beneficial.  Stacey 
 Please provide access to the following individuals:  swhite_pc jlewis9 cevans_pc adahlke_pc iestrada tcarter tchapman dvinson_pc  cbentley  Thanks, Stacey 
 This is the latest on our status of calculating and reporting the DPR.  Ric= k Buy, our chief risk officer, asked that we get back to normal as soon as = possible.  I am currently working on termination statuses and when deals wi= ll be killed etc.  I am also working on a way to get the PCS cleaned up.  C= ontinue to run the calc with the true-up flag off as this will cause more c= onfusion than it is worth.  Thanks, Stacey 
 No problem.  Do not worry about my previous requests.  Stacey 
 I was comparing the 'Position by Trader PRINT' tab in WestPos to the VaR report (Nov. 26 for example).  I would hope the rules for carrying over a week will still apply, but I have not heard anything concrete.  I'll see what I can find out.  Stacey 
 Those are funny.  Work is hectic, can't write much, but hope to find a time that you can come visit.  Stacey 
 thanks 
 Christina,  This is just a reminder that I will be out of the office on Monday.  If they need me to answer any questions here are the phone numbers: 281-894-0468 (home) 281-382-5215 (cell)  Stacey 
 Any specific reason we need two different portfolios?  Stacey 
 James' birthday party is that Saturday.  Before I knew that I was thinking of going home.  Stacey 
 Norman & Zhiyun,  Please see the bottom of this e-mail for the original values given to Andrea for this exercise.  At the time, we had not broken out East & West and only had a total value.  My issue is that the original values do not tie to the values were are seeing today.  Just to be sure, the calcs we are running should include all Sempra deals killed on or after Saturday, Dec. 1.  Can you please advise as to which numbers are correct.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I had forwarded your message to HR and had not heard anything.  However, I just went to yahoo and was reading an article that says the website is careerservices@enron.com but that it is not currently in operation.  Good luck, Stacey 
 The LT-SW book was not officialized last night.  I have officialized it this morning.  We still need to be careful regarding officializations for credit purposes.  Stacey 
 Will,  If you could attempt the following report I would greatly appreciate it.  I have given a best efforts try in report writer, but because I am pulling MTM value it is pulling every strip.  I need all options by flowing from today forward for the East and West portfolios.  I need deal date, start date, end date, premium, strike price, Monthly/Daily Option indicator, MTM value from AdHoc, Buy/Sell, Counterparty, Enron Entity, Call/Put, Deal Type, Region.  Thanks so much, Stacey   Call me tomorrow when I can start working - 281-894-0468. 
 The option query that we ran this morning does not tie back to AdHoc.  I first realized it when I was trying to clean up deals that had many strips.  There were instances where the P&L and delta were not consistent for every strip so I looked in AdHoc to see which number was right and that is when I started noticing inconsistencies.  Could you please query the P&L and Delta for the following deal numbers in spreadsheet.  The only way I have to do this is to query each deal separately in AdHoc.  Your help would be greatly appreciated.  Stacey  Phone numbers where I can be reached:  Home - 281-894-0468 Work - 713-853-1870  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have consolidated the changes in the following file:    Please change the trade date on all the newly created Bankruptcy Deals to the trade date of the original deal.  Also, please cross-reference in both transactions the associated deals numbers and document that the deal numbers are due to termination.  Also, check with Will Smith to make sure he has completed the Allegheny transfers (they were missed in the initial batch run) and then re-calc the 'Termination Test' portcalcs to ensure that the designated counterparties are not included in the old portfolios.  Also, check with Norman or Zhiyun to ensure that they have attached the port-calc code to the Bankruptcy portfolios and then we need to make test runs on them as well.   Thanks, Stacey 
 Can you please work on attaching the portcalc code to the Bankruptcy Portfolios first thing Monday morning.  Please reply to this e-mail when it is complete so we can begin testing the transactions we moved.  Thanks, Stacey  P.S.  Zhiyun, Thank you so much for the option data.  Stacey 
 Can you do mine? 
 Melissa,  Can you please attach the effective termination dates to your physical and financial termination lists.  We have yet to touch December, and need these dates before we can start.  Thanks, Stacey 
 The most updated termination lists are in the following files:    They are saved in m:\riskmgt\stacey\special projects\  Stacey 
 When you are done with the script please call Casey and John.  Thanks, Stacey 
  Could you have someone put together the trader performance spreadsheet for November?  Thanks, Stacey 
 have you sent it to frank? 
 Thought you might need to know some of these names. Stacey 
 Frank,  Please ensure that Israel Estrada receives his previous access for IT purposes.  He was mistakenly removed on Friday.  Stacey 
 Please split up the following list and change the deal date back to the original deal date.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I don't.  Stacey 
 Call me tomorrow so we can discuss the following:  Employee morale Terminations with cash already paid Other terminations to ensure they are not affecting downstream systems Scheduling cuts  Thanks, Stacey 
 Corry,  I would love to start the process of cleaning up the scheduling system.  We will need help from the schedulers as well so can you send Duong Luu their logins and request the 'Zero Volumes' application in EnPower.  There are many people asking about what is flowing and the month is creeping by so if you could get with me tomorrow to make a game plan that would be great.  I think we should have the schedulers send us their spreadsheets with an explanatory and then we, along with Unify users, will come up with a plan.  I hope to use the schedulers in this process as well, let me know your thoughts.  Thanks, Stacey 
 We are going to Cuero this weekend so will not be in for Sunday brunch.  Sorry I will miss it.  Stacey 
 Will,  Please run the 2002 script for Coral Power, L.L.C.  Let me know when you are done.  Stacey 
 One question:  I had Melissa Murphy put together the termination dates for each of the counterparties and was wondering if you could clarify something for me.  If a termination date is 12/4/2001, do I move 12/4 forward to the bankrupt book or do I move 12/5 forward to the bankrupt book?  Thanks, Stacey 
 Georgeanne,  I spoke with this recruiter on the phone and told her I would forward the information to our accounting group.  I was not sure who all in your group was part of the layoffs and thought you might be able to forward them this information.  Stacey 
 Elsie,  I put the 11/30 strip back in the deal.  The "884449 in bankruptcy" does refer to another deal that we created due to Aquila terminating transactions with us.  The reason you cannot see it is because you probably do not have access to the new portfolio.  Stacey 
 FYI 
 Wasn't sure if you had seen this website.  Hope your searches are going well.  Stacey 
 I am waiting for an answer back from Elizabeth, but was wondering if you or any of your contacts might know the answer to the following.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Since we talked about a lot of different spreadsheets, can you give me some more guidance on what was included in the spreadsheet I talked about so I will send you the correct one.  Stacey 
 Frank,  Here is the file.  I am planning on continuing to look for the $30.5 MM that is created when you add dailies and compare to YTD.  (Cell M245).  You can delete these information if you want.  Remove December from the reconciliation because I only gave them data through 11/30 and Curve Shift data for December is completely useless.  Stacey 
 Frank,  Here is the file.  I am planning on continuing to look for the $18 MM that is created when you add dailies and compare to YTD.  (Cell M245).  You can delete these information if you want.  Remove December from the reconciliation because I only gave them data through 11/30 and Curve Shift data for December is completely useless.  Stacey 
 Yes, you will do normal calculation tonight.  In addition, either today or tomorrow, please also calculate the Bankruptcy Portfolio.  Export data from both West and Bankruptcy Portfolio by Counterparty and Physical/Financial.  Compare the data to the Termination Lists.  All counterparties on the termination list should be included in Bankruptcy Portfolio and all other counterparties should be in the West portfolio.  If you notice discrepencies, please investigate and correct.  Also, Will is still changing some deals that Casey sent him an e-mail on.  Do you know if this affected the West?  If so, you will need to wait until he is complete.  Stacey 
 Due to problems with the gas curves there will be incorrect credit information for TXU, Calpine and Indeck Pepperel Power Assoc. out of EnPower (these counterparties have spread options and/or heat rate swaps that utilize the gas curves.)  If you need these transaction re-calced in the morning please contact Andrea Dahlke and X 5-4080.  Thanks,  Stacey 
 The gas curve problems have been solved; therefore, there will be no problems with the following counterparties.  Stacey 
 Do your gas books have any gas deals left?  There were 23,000 deals missed in the 'kill exercise' performed by IT.  If you have deals left, please re-calc tomorrow to see if they go away.  If you have no deals, then you are done!  Stacey 
 John,  This file gives you similar information to the file that Jeff sent you for gas.  Frank is using it to continue investigating what went wrong with the extraction from the VaR model.  If you want me to change anything, let me know.    Thanks, Stacey 
 We technically should have no third party transactions.  If we do, we need to move them to the NG-Price book.  Please let me know if this is the case.  Also, Casey & I will be both be out of the office tomorrow.  If you need someone in Houston to help get questions answered please call Andrea.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Here is the file I started.  I know there is plenty of missing data because I did not know all the commodities involved with each counterparty.  If you could fill in what you know, that would be a big head start on this heinous project.  I will be out of the office tomorrow.  My cell phone works again so I will be available.  Have a great weekend.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Just want to make sure that Tom and Sam will be preparing these documents.  Stacey 
 I will be out of the office tomorrow and out of town this weekend.  If an emergency arises, please try the following numbers:  Home - 281-894-0468 Cell - 281-382-5215 Weekend - 361-275-6444  Have a great weekend! 
 To be totally consistent from the beginning, can you rename either your long term Long Names to not include spaces between 'North' and 'West' and 'South' and 'West'.  The short term books do not have spaces.  Stacey 
 FYI - Tim Carter resigned effective today.  Stacey 
 You can go ahead and send it to me as I am sure I will be performing the review at some point.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I was working on getting the right sign-off before I approved or denied.  I should know no later than tomorrow.  Stacey 
 Yeah - are you still going on vacation?  Stacey 
 Please try contacting him at the following numbers 713-668-7572 (home) 832-338-6793 (cell)  If you cannot contact him at these numbers, let me know, I have one other way of getting in touch with him.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I thought we already told them to exclude those portfolios???  Stacey 
 Geoff,  Here is all my data:  Home - 281-894-0468 Cell - 281-382-5215 Worst Case - my husband's pager - 281-264-9294  If you need anything else, please let me know.  Stacey 
 All your suggestions sound good.  Thanks for being on top of the personnel = issues!  Thanks again, Stacey 
 Who was your surgeon for lasik surgery?  Would you recommend?  I am planning on getting surgery next year and have to make my benefit elections to cover.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I was not sure if you wanted exposure by asset, liability or absolute value so I provided the top 25 assets and top 25 liabilities.  Hope this helps.  Stacey 
 Can you make sure that your group starts using the new & improved request form.  See m:\common\power\riskmgmt\admin\Requests & Request Templates\Blank Book Request Enpower.xls  Thanks, Stacey 
 Just a reminder to forward Martha the cash flow request.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Any calc will do.  When testing, please do not write over AdHoc, I need to pull some information from there.  Stacey 
 I hope all is well with you!  Kristin, Mike and I will be arriving in London Saturday, November 3.  We will be there through the next Saturday, leaving early that morning.  Can't wait to see you.  Any exciting news?  How's work, social life, etc.  Stacey 
 FYI 
 Please move until later in the afternoon.  I have a 9:00 and an 11:00 in the new building.  Stacey 
 Sorry I haven't responded very timely.  Things have been hectic at work.  I am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Russell said you would be in around 6-7, is this right?  What kind of food do you want to eat, Russell suggested a Mexican food place, is this o.k. with you?  Stacey 
 Keith,  Here are the procedures for the East.  The West is not currently running option sensitivities.  Approximately every one to two weeks or as requested by the options traders an option sensitivity report is run using PortCalc.  Three parameters are tested:  Price (increments from -5 to +5), monthly Volatility (increments from -25% to +25%), and Time (increments up to 90 days.  (Reminder:  the increments are changeable)  The data is imported from PortCalc into an Excel pivot table.  The pivot table is then used to show how the various Greeks (delta, gamma, theta and Vega) change for each trader's book, generally with a 3 month look ahead.  The data can also be sorted by and grouped by other criteria, if requested, such as by region and delivery date These reports are given to the East option traders only.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thanks 
 Michael,  Can you remind me who all gets these reports?  Stacey 
 Yes.  Stacey 
 I was incorrect about Alberta ENA, it should be zero but where is Alberta?  It should have a big position.  Stacey 
 How many times are you going to publish the P&L today? (just a joke - is everything o.k.?)  Stacey 
 Tim,  I typically do not like to give access to m:\common\power\ directory as this is where all the DPR information is.  A member of your fundamentals team, Maria Van Houton, would like access to the drive in order to access curve data that the risk group puts together.  If this is o.k. with you I will approve, otherwise I will tell her to get the information from the curve directory m:\power2\region.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Do we have any transactions with these counterparties similar to Hanson?  Stacey 
 FYI - the only other temporary information I can give you is Thursday Feb 7. is simulation date (as per previous e-mail) and Monday, Feb. 11 is the current 'go live' date.  I'll try to keep you up to date with any changes.  If there is ANYTHING we think we have not done or will not complete by next Wednesday, Feb. 5 such as desk set ups, RisktRAC set up (including hierarchies), individual roll set ups, testing of Min's new DPR Automation, and anything else I may not be thinking of, please let me know as soon as possible, so we can get the right resources working on it.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I cannot view this request in eRequest.  Please approve on my behalf or remedy the problem of seeing the request and I will approve myself.  Stacey 
 The power curves are actually located in M:\power2\region  If you want access to this drive please resubmit request and make sure it is Read Only.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Please release the new version of PL Desk to production.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Sorry I left you off the first distribution.  Stacey 
 We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?  Thanks, Stacey 
 James,  Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.  Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.  Stacey 
 Maria,  What information are you trying to obtain through m:\common\power?  Sorry for all the questions, but everyone requesting this directory gets them as this directory contains extremely sensitive information.  Thanks, Stacey 
 No formal agenda has been planned for our staff meeting today.  Instead, I would like for each of you to think of a question(s) or problem(s) that you have encountered while in the group.  These questions/problems can be something that you already know the answer to or have yet to receive the answer.  For those areas that you already know the answer, this would be a good time to share what you have been working on with the rest of the group and maybe stop everyone else from running into the same question/problem.  For those areas that you do not the answer, we will do our best to get that answered.  In addition, if there is any additional detail that you would like to know regarding topics covered in the Risk Overview class, this would be a good time to ask since the class is fresh on your minds.  Thanks, Stacey & Casey 
 Jason,  I am aware of the risk being taken regarding the old Sun machines moving to the new building.  Specifically, they may not work once taken out of commission.  I am also willing to take this risk and request that the current machines the power risk group operates on should accompany them to the new building.  Thanks, Stacey 
 o.k. 
 Here is an updated New Power Company exposure as of 10-24.  I have included Buy/Sell, Deal Type, and Capacity/Commodity.  Please let me know if there is any other detail you need.  Stacey 
 I really am in the dark re: Hanson.  If you could make the rounds then we might have a better idea if Donnie should be there.  If Scotty does not know all the particulars (and Jeff does) I am not sure that the 9:30 PST meeting will be effective.  I basically just want some answers!  Stacey 
 I will not be there until 4:00.  Stacey 
 This is the meeting I was referring to.  Stacey 
 When: Thursday, October 25, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: call-in 853-1870  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  I am also sending you a forward of a meeting I am supposed to have with Scotty Gilbert and Jeff Richter tomorrow - hope you can join us.  Stacey 
 Congratulations US Citizen!  You have to set up a new book (see the other Spreadsheet books for naming convention).  Can't wait to discuss all this.  Stacey 
 Can you take care of this?  Stacey 
 Sorry, I thought I did this yesterday.  m:\common\power\position\dpr\ena-cal\rho_drift.xls  Can you give me the latest on the reconciliation?  Stacey 
 He was not offered a job in UBS.  He was told last Friday, by me, that he would remain in the Estate, so his resignation is from the Estate.  Stacey 
 Can you get with Doug and show him what documentation we do have for Green Mountain?  Also, have you requested from Anita Luong the documentation we sent them for Green Mountain's Schedule C.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Just wondered if anyone has noticed any change in EnPower performance?  See e-mail below.  Stacey 
 There is no attachment.  Stacey 
 No, I just noticed that we hadn't had a staff meeting in a while and next week is month end and the next week I will not be here.  Casey is out on Friday and have back to back meetings tomorrow.  Make your commitment to DHA and we'll update you on the staff meeting.  Stacey 
 Martin,  I have both a toll tag and a parking transponder.  My toll tag # is 00136756.  Please let me know what else I need to do.  Thanks, Stacey White 
 How much money are we talking?  Re: AA, they will need explanation as to the amount.  Georgeanne is typically involved in all Schedule C discussion with them.  Stacey 
 Sorry I had to cancel, a meeting was put on my calendar that I cannot miss.  Stacey 
 When: Tuesday, October 23, 2001 12:00 PM-1:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB3143C  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  We will begin having weekly download/discussion sessions starting the week after next.  This meeting will be mandatory and you should not send a substitute unless approved by me.  If the day and time do not work with your schedule please let me know so we can coordinate our calendars.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Can one of you make sure LT-SERC is still an active book (if not, have it reactivated) and coordinate with TJae regarding the EOL ID.  John may still be set up in EnPower, I am not sure that his access was ever taken away, but we need to have his trader ID attached to LT-SERC.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Stacey 
 We'll take care of it.  Welcome back!  Stacey 
 FYI  - we will be running a live simulation on Thursday.  I will give you more details when I know something.  John, When you get a chance will you ask Tim if he is aware of this?  Stacey 
 Yes - I travel to Portland on a regular basis and access the network from the hotel.  I also I am a member of the 'Emergency Weather Plan' team meaning that I have to simulate my computer at work from home in case my group (Power Risk Management) cannot get to the building.  Stacey White 
 I am sorry to be difficult and you can definitely have a meeting without me and fill me in later, but the all-employee meeting is today and I have been asked to be there by Bob.  In addition, I have a work lunch headed by Sally to discuss the all-employee meeting.  Sorry again,  Stacey 
 good luck 
 Thanks! 
 Can you or someone else ask her why she requested m:\common\power Read/Write?  Stacey 
 Why would this person need Read/Write to m:\common\power  I typically only grant access for Write capabilities to Risk.  Stacey 
 I have a meeting tomorrow from 10:30-11:30.  I do not have anything else until 2:00.  Stacey 
 What day? 
 The risk group should be able to help you coordinate this request.  Stacey White 
 I just heard a rumor that the Ercot Power Trading was going to sit in the Gas (Open) section.  Is this the case and does it change the seating for gas and power risk?  Thanks, Stacey 
 Tom,  Hope this helps.  1)  Only the power positions need to be queried.  Gas positions for spread options and heat rates are included in the gas bench.  2)  Any power Exchange transactions should be included, but the gas transactions calculated in ERMT should not be included as they are on the gas bench.   Thanks, Stacey 
 Cost Center 103823 should have 6% allocated to West Power (not 13%) and 94% allocated to East Power.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Are you setting up a meeting?  Stacey 
 Casey,  Can you remind me of all this?  Thanks, Stacey  John,  Good questions, when I figure it out I will add to the Month End Procedures.  Stacey 
 Tanya,  Kim mentioned to me that legal wanted by delivery point and financial/physical broken out, so here is an update.  Numbers are still as of 10/18/2001.  Stacey 
 Actually, I believe we got a hold of Kori and Erol last month before they officialized and they did it correctly.  Stacey 
 That is fine.  She doesn't really care about the Schedule C stuff, she just wants to know that is going to come off of LTD.  Stacey 
 As long as Tim has conversations with Lavo and we get adequate documentation to share with accounting, we should be fine.  Stacey 
 I don't know where all those pictures are.  We received them online, so I am sure they are lost.  Donnie may have them.  Remember, he was dressed as Austin Powers.  Stacey 
 Can you send me an example?  Stacey 
 Your gas books still have Bob Badeer and Matt Motley attached to them.  You need to send in a change for these books.  Stacey 
 Who do you have working on this?  Stacey 
 This is exposure (P&L and position) by month, by region for New Power Company.  Please let me know how often you need data like this.  The numbers represented are as of 10/18/2001.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thank you! 
 Can you send me (or tell me where to access) the matrix put together which defines the legal entity for each desk.  Debbie Brackett informed me that the entities are not necessarily the 'legal' entity but something else and I need to help get to the bottom of this.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thank you so much for the invite.  Just found this week I have to go to London for work and will be leaving on Nov. 2.  Have a wonderful time!!  Stacey 
 Zhiyun,  Let's go ahead and make this change.  We can think of no reason why this would cause a problem.  If everyone could keep a close eye on this deal after the change, that will be most beneficial.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Ramesh,  Do you still have a list of users who calculated their books at the end of September as 9/28 instead of 9/30?  Stacey 
 I cannot think of anything that would cause this to be incorrect.  Please let me know if you agree and I will bless the change.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Which ancillary curves are you referring to?  Dana and Doug mark the Northeast and Ercot ancillaries and we do not have ancillaries for every curve.  Stacey 
 yes 
 John,  Are you currently preparing option sensitivity reports for Matt Motley?  If so, please put together a bullet point list of what we do on a daily basis, who the audience is, and anything else you think might be relevant to an audience of users interested in what procedures we perform for stress/ scenario testing.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Casey should be contacting you to set up a time to talk.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Nick,  I would like 3 red poinsettias.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Shifali,  I was given your name by Kathy Reeves as a candidate who might know something about a book named C2-CAND-EGSC.  See attached file below for instructions on what information is needed for the book.  Thanks, Stacey White 
 Who is your contact in Liquids?  Stacey 
 SLACKER!!! 
 I am still tracking down the Green Mountain documentation, but here is the documentation for LCRA.  I'll forward the rest when I get it.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Can everyone please check the following files for the below requirements.  Fill out anything you may know and cc: me on the response so I can figure out which ones are unaccounted for.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Just wanted you to see this correspondence.  Stacey 
 When: Friday, October 19, 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB3143B  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Please invite anyone I may have missed.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I am attaching this again because I am not certain that I saved it before I attached it the first time.  Stacey 
 There were some conversations regarding getting the Index Option into RisktRAC.  It may be that they are not there yet.  Zhiyun was working with the RAC IT, she would know the latest.  Stacey 
  Does this make sense to you?  Stacey 
 Make sure you have my e-mail address as the full name Stacey.W.White@enron.= com   I don't know why they would be coming back.  Hope you are doing well!  Stacey 
 The report named: VaR and Peak Position Report By Trader <http://erv.corp.enron.com/linkFromExcel.asp?report_cd=22&report_name=VaR+and+Peak+Position+Report+By+Trader&category_cd=5&category_name=EAST&toc_hide=1&sTV1=5&TV1Exp=Y&current_efct_date=10/02/2001>, published as of 10/02/2001 is now available for viewing on the website.  (Revision: 4) 
 The report named: VaR and Off-Peak Position Report By Trader <http://erv.corp.enron.com/linkFromExcel.asp?report_cd=23&report_name=VaR+and+Off-Peak+Position+Report+By+Trader&category_cd=5&category_name=EAST&toc_hide=1&sTV1=5&TV1Exp=Y&current_efct_date=10/02/2001>, published as of 10/02/2001 is now available for viewing on the website.  (Revision: 4) 
 Are you still attending these meetings?  Stacey 
 Let me know if this does not work.  This is a report straight from the calculation engine so it is easy and fast to generate.  Stacey 
 Let's wait until we all meet so we don't piecemeal the data to you, but you are correct in your assumption about transmission for the East.  Stacey 
 Sounds like a great idea to do follow-up reviews.  I have budgeted $2000 a month for travel and lodging on the West RC.  I would prefer you keep it to every six weeks in order to cover me coming up there and others coming down for training.  I think it would be beneficial for you to be able to meet with groups in Houston.  I also only budgeted for $100/month for Overtime/Working Meals so we may have to subsidize that with the traveling budget.  I have not heard anything lately on the video conferencing.  If you don't mind, ask Tim if he has made any decisions on the video conferencing.  Stacey 
 Here you go.  It is totally liquidated, so no one will have to worry about it anymore!!!  Stacey 
 Question re: Jeff Richter  Stacey 
 Can you take a look at this report for the West and make sure it is correct.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thanks for doing all the work!  Stacey 
 We will be having a staff meeting today.  If we can start at 12:15 rather than 12:00 that would be great because I have an 11:00 meeting.  John, What is the phone number where we can reach you?  Sorry I do not have an itinerary.  I would like to go over Doorstep findings and anything else you would like to fill me in on since we have not met in a while.  Stacey 
 Can you let them know you will be doing this.  Stacey 
 What was it?  stacey 
 Lavorato is asking why Jeff Richter still has $25MM of reserve associated to him since he has moved to EES?  How would you like me to handle this question?  Thanks, Stacey 
   I will talk to Tim re: Jeff Richter's Schedule C reserve and get back to you.  Stacey 
 The blending vs. non-blending can be confusing and could potentially cause problems down the road so I would first like to make some general statements regarding the history or this change and what the rules should be as I understand them.  Only the curves applicable to the East NERC regions are being marked as a daily and monthly volatility; therefore, no blending is needed for daily options (they point directly to the daily vols) or monthly options (they point directly to the monthly vol).  All curves applicable to the West NERC regions are still being marked as intramonth and monthly; therefore, blending is needed to provide a volatility for daily options.  The best rules to be in place for the blending vs. non-blending would be based on curve.  East curves do not blend.  West curves do blend.  Therefore, ANY daily or monthly option in the East would not have to blend.  The potential problem that could be caused by making the rule apply to portfolios is that, for example, the East portfolio could potentially enter into an option at a West region (curve) and that transaction would need to use blended curves even though it is in the East portfolio.  Options at a different expiry than daily or monthly is another problem.  Are there different blending rules embedded in the code for weekly expiration?  We still need to discuss this.  I would be happy to all sit down and have a meeting concerning this issue whenever everyone is comfortable enough that we know all the current rules.  Let me know.  Stacey 
 I agree with this request.  Stacey 
 When you get around to setting up these fields for the West, please use the portfolio code 'W' for West and then use the same methodology for Book Code that Andrea did.  I'll let you know the answer she gets from Andrew re: 'US Power East' because you should be using 'US Power West'.  Stacey 
 yes 
 The file is in O:\_Dropbox\Stacey\Quarterly Comparison.xls  Let me know when you get the file so we can make sure it will work for you.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Here is Thursday's data:  Broker	Deal ID	Enron Entity	Portfolio	Trader	Deal Date	Deal Start Date	Deal End Date	 Total Deal Volume INTERCONEXLL	814580.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 9:30	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 INTERCONEXLL	814582.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 9:31	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 INTERCONEXLL	814583.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 9:32	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 INTERCONEXLL	814594.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 9:37	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 INTERCONEXLL	815612.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 14:32	11/1/2001	11/30/2001	                  10,000 INTERCONEXLL	815655.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 14:42	10/15/2001	10/31/2001	                    6,000 INTERCONEXLL	815656.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Chris  Mallory	10/11/2001 14:44	10/15/2001	10/31/2001	                    6,000 Chris  Mallory Count	7 INTERCONEXLL	814642.1	EPMI-ST-NW	WEST	Diana  Scholtes	10/11/2001 9:28	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 INTERCONEXLL	814613.1	EPMI-ST-NW	WEST	Diana  Scholtes	10/11/2001 9:49	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 Diana  Scholtes Count	2 INTERCONEXLL	815156.1	EPMI-ST-SW	WEST	Holden  Salisbury	10/11/2001 12:42	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       400 INTERCONEXLL	815158.1	EPMI-ST-SW	WEST	Holden  Salisbury	10/11/2001 12:43	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       400 Holden  Salisbury Count	2 INTERCONEXLL	814976.1	EPMI-LT-SW	WEST	Matt  Motley	10/11/2001 11:37	11/1/2001	11/30/2001	                  10,000 INTERCONEXLL	814978.1	EPMI-LT-SW	WEST	Matt  Motley	10/11/2001 11:38	11/1/2001	11/30/2001	                  10,000 INTERCONEXLL	814981.1	EPMI-LT-SW	WEST	Matt  Motley	10/11/2001 11:38	7/1/2002	9/30/2002	                  30,800 INTERCONEXLL	814982.1	EPMI-LT-SW	WEST	Matt  Motley	10/11/2001 11:39	7/1/2002	9/30/2002	                  30,800 Matt  Motley Count	4 INTERCONEXLL	815155.1	EPMI-LT-NW	WEST	Mike  Swerzbin	10/11/2001 12:41	7/1/2002	9/30/2002	                  30,800 Mike  Swerzbin Count	1 INTERCONEXLL	814544.1	EPMI-ST-CA	WEST	Phil  Platter	10/11/2001 9:30	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       400 Phil  Platter Count	1 INTERCONEXLL	815598.1	EPMI-ST-NW	WEST	Sean  Crandall	10/11/2001 14:28	10/15/2001	10/31/2001	                    6,000 Sean  Crandall Count	1 INTERCONEXLL	815320.1	EPMI-ST-SW	WEST	Tom  Alonso	10/11/2001 13:22	10/12/2001	10/13/2001	                       800 Tom  Alonso Count	1 Grand Count	19 
 All I ever saw was the e-mail from the Office of the Chair.  Stacey 
 It was wonderful.  Not so excited to be back - I'm sure it will get better as the week goes on.  How was your flight?  Did you feel safer?  They want me to go on the London Doorstep in November, so I was just wondering.  Stacey 
 Thanks!  Stacey 
 Thank you!  Stacey 
 Where did she get this information?  Is it a below the line adjustment (not in the DPR)?  Stacey 
 Yes, she is actually down here right now and I am showing it to her.  Send me your names and I'll print them in color for her.  Stacey 
 I understand all the following except the Index-Option.  Why would it be treated as a Spread-Option?  Stacey 
 Wasn't sure if you had gotten this answered, but there is really no reason that should want to see this.  Stacey 
 Sounds good, I will abide.  Stacey 
 What is the latest on this?  Stacey 
 Have them go through accounting.  This is non-trading expenses.  Not our area unless it runs through the DPR.  Stacey 
 Did you send this to Kathy reeves?  She is in charge of Calgary's power risk management.  Stacey 
 Dave,  Can you please approve or reject Samantha's request.  If you are not comfortable approving it, then reject it so she can resubmit.  When I went into the system today, it said it had already been assigned to you.  Stacey 
 Wasn't sure if you had heard anything about Donnie testing for EES and EnPower.  I am not sure there is anything we need to do, just wanted to keep you in the loop.  Stacey 
 FYI - here is the 6th floor plan with my group attached to desk.  Stacey 
 I don't really like what they are suggesting either.  We'll talk Monday.  Besides, they(we) would have to get AA to sign off on half MTM half something else.  Stacey 
 You can put John as your primary and me as  your secondary.  Stacey 
 These are fine.  Hope all is well.  Stacey 
 Just FYI - Thu Pham Arnold does our Global Counterparty requests now.  Stacey 
 I forwarded this meeting to Casey.  I will be out of the office.  Stacey 
 Hopefully you will be able to make it to this.  Sorry for the inconvenience. 
 East Delivery Points for Facilities 
   Let me know what other detail you need.  Stacey 
 Make sure that all curves are downloaded by the end of simulation, 11:00 CST, tomorrow.  Ideally, the 2/7/02 curves should be marked in the morning prior to simulation.  We have been instructed to kick the calculation off as close to 11:00 CST as possible.  This is to ensure that ALL downstream systems are able to run through the simulation.  Please forward to all applicable traders.  Thanks, Stacey 
 As you can see from various e-mails, Samantha will need to take responsibility for these twice weekly calcs.  I talked to Bob yesterday and he is aware that she is there and needing something to do.  Unofficially, he said that there should be no employee changes before the end of February, so Sam should start coming to work and taking over any specific West Estate requests.  Stacey 
 We will be explaining the process to Tom Chapman for the East and Samantha Law for the West.  Stacey 
 Also, will you get Tim to give direction on what traders will be allowed to trade what regions.  Thanks, Stacey 
 You will be extremely missed!  Good luck in all your future ventures.  Stacey 
 This should answer your regional trading question.  Once again, there is nothing to physically stop them from trading in any region, but the management decision on regional trading for the East is as follows.  I do not have this same information from the West.  Stacey 
  Bob,  What is the plan for this going forward?  I am expecting that you will want to use my risk estate employees for this, I am correct?  Stacey 
 Just a reminder to make sure you get Tim a list of books/regions that are currently designated to be traded.  We need to change trader names etc. so make sure he gets us this information as soon as possible.  Stacey 
 Sounds good to me.  FYI - the option true-up was a different issue, related to the way options were being input into the system.  They had days which would fall out of the calc, not a last day of the month problem.  Stacey 
 Bob,  What is the plan for this going forward?  I am expecting that you will want to use my risk estate employees for this, I am correct?  Stacey 
 I certainly do not anticipate that we will.  I hope the Estate people are designating someone for this.  I am going to look into it.  Stacey 
 Thank you. 
 I think your resume looks good.  Brad called me today and they are definitely pulling together resumes.  He says send a resume, call or both.  Stacey 
 Power December books are final.  This does not mean that every termination has been accounted for in the final Dec. 31 calculation.  We eventually hit a stopping point for terminations and will catch up the remainder of terminations in 'after December' books.  Also, power books are set up as you have defined below.  Stacey 
 Will be there. 
 Thanks for the reminder.  Just an FYI - it is not babysitting when it is your own kids.  (Just kidding - wanting to share a pet peeve of my sister's.)  Stacey 
 I updated the Physical Power Terminated spreadsheet with the following update.  FYI - it is NSTAR!  Stacey 
 Here's what he said.... 
 Can you find out who in your HR would be a good contact for a job opening previously held by Lou Casari?  I have a friend at Enron, my first boss, who will probably be leaving the company, but does not want to leave Houston if she does not have to.  She is very well qualified for a management position, her resume should speak for itself.  Let me know.  Stacey 
 Please update me on the answer to the following e-mail.  I am almost certain I know the answer, but would like to make sure we are all on the same page.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Roberto,  Can you please add to the m: drive a first tier directory of common.  Please let me know ASAP that this is complete.  Thanks, Stacey White Director, Power Risk Management 713-853-1870 
 Do you know if they got these same numbers from John?  Stacey 
 Make sure you talk to Casey & John.  Most of my Houston group has been out of the office either this morning or this afternoon for a UBS orientation.  Stacey 
 I will be out of the office for a UBS orientation.  Stacey 
 Do you think we should get Sonia to update this?  Stacey 
 Can you go to this meeting in the morning?  I have two others at this same time.  We can go over what they will be looking for before the meeting.  Stacey 
 kimsach@hotmail  Here you go.  There is a chance I may have to go to a UBS dinner tonight, but it might get changed to tomorrow.  If it does get changed, I will be there tonight.  Stacey 
 Thanks for the update.  I finally talked to him also.  The message you just told me, is what I communicated to Samantha.  Whenever or if ever, you find out more specifics re: Portland estate, please let me know.  Stacey 
 Sounds good to me.  The only days I don't want to meet are the 4th and 5th.  Stacey 
 According to Tim, if we could find no other spots for her to stay in Risk, she would be designated as VM and Kit Blair would be taken off the list.  Do you know what communication is being given to 'estate' employees in Portland?  Stacey 
 I have re-confirmed with Power Operations and there are no more spots available to make room for one more risk person.  I have all of Heather's information and will be glad to communicate her offer to her, if it has not already been communicated.  Also, please let me know the message you are sending to 'estate' employees in Portland.  I would like to communicate the same message to Samantha.  If you want to talk to me you can reach me at 281-894-0468 or send me an e-mail.  Stacey 
 Who do we ask to set up the m:\common?  This makes the most sense to me.  Stacey 
 Thank you so much for this query.  At this time, I am not sure what happened to the numbers in our spreadsheet.  The data was pulled from AdHoc by calculating East, West, Eastbank, & Westbank.  However, the total we retrieved from AdHoc did not match the total Portcalc value.  I do not want you to spend time trying to figure out what happened to our spreadsheet because it could have been anything from using the wrong code to calc the books to simple user error.  There are too many variables that are unknown.  The good thing is, it works now.  Thanks, Stacey 
 So sorry to be such a bother, but I just want to make sure that you received and are frantically thinking about my message.  UBS is needing names confirmed this morning so offer letters can go out today.  Stacey 
 Home 281-412-9234 Cell 713-553-3641  Hope these are still the same.  Stacey 
 Thanks 
 The following post-id's represent the re-calcs for 11-30: 15785 - total P&L $48,108,223 15786 - total P&L $(128,887,942) 15788 - total P&L $1,168,735,362 15789 - total P&L $(101,541,449)  The total forward P&L for these post-id's should be $986,414,195  The following spreadsheets represents the final product from our request.  Please see if you can pull by the parameters we chose from AdHoc.    Stacey 
 Can Cecilia do what she has requested below?  Stacey 
 It looks good for me.  There are a couple of applications I do not have access to.  Let me know what method you would like me to take in requesting access.  Stacey 
 You will LOVE this!  Stacey 
 Have you told Kathy about this transfer?  Should it be a bankruptcy book?  Stacey 
 have you forwarded to John, or do I need to? 
 Are they working on it? 
 Yes, thank you.  How much do I owe you?  Stacey 
 I totally agree!!  Stacey 
 Did y'all export, etc.?  Stacey 
 Can you update the original file you sent with Bryce's changes below.  I am afraid I do not understand exactly what I should change on Sequent.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Hope all is well.  My new e-mail is stacey.w.white@enron.com  The one you have will be decommissioned shortly.  I still have a job and will more than likely go to the 'new co.' - the piece that UBS has bid for.  Currently, we are extremely busy trying to close out old business at the same time as setting up details of the new business.  Russell and I are both well, probably working too hard.  What is new with you?  Stacey  If you get a chance give me a call - would love to talk to you.  713-853-1870 (w) 281-382-5215 (cell).  I tried the number listed on this e-mail for you, but it just rang and rang. 
 Can you all verify that you do or do not use the applications listed below as soon as possible.  We are in the process of moving or discarding applications to move to the NETCO environment and are unaware of who uses the following applications.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thought you were moving this meeting to 3:00.  Jeff and I have a meeting with UBS from 1:00-2:30.  Stacey 
 http://energycommerce.house.gov/107/news/layletter.pdf  Wasn't sure if you wanted to read the whole letter.  Here it is , if so.  Stacey 
 Attached is a menu, please email me your order ASAP!    Thanks, "Z" 
 EB3127 - Edith Cross (Service Deal) 
 Claudia 
 Room per Chaun - 3-3404 
 The conference room is located by the kitchen on the