 Mine is JWILLIA 
 This is very brief, let me know if I should add some detail.  Thanks 
  call me at work 
  Could you check this out for me, I would appreciate it. Thanks. 
  Thanks! 
 Ill trade maurice smith for Marty booker if you want to 
 done 
 that aint worth a job, thats only worth $300 
 Now I might give yu a job to see that, that would be comedy, I would have to drink 75 beers in 1 day before I did tthat 
 Pulte built ours, who and how many do you get to choose from? 
 what is that 
 yu didnt send me anything 
 ahh cant connect for some reason 
 cool 
 Happy Thanksgiving to you too.  Things at Enron don't look promising for anyone right now, but we'll see what happens.  The stock just keeps dropping and we have more debt around the corner.  Jo and I are going to mom's on Thursday, then we are going to visit her grandparents over the weekend.  We are not going to the game, but we will be watching it on TV.  It doesn't look good for A&M because we got some key guys that are injured, hopefully we can make it a close game.  Have a safe trip and say hi to mimi for me. Talk to you soon. - Jason 
 I got your message, and I'll take care of it.  Thanks for your help. 
 I have a work crawfish boil that same day I am supposed to go to and Jo is out of town that weekend.  I am gonna have to try and Finagle? my way out of this one so I can go to the Hatcher's,(itll be much more fun).  Did ya'll find a house? 
 Whatever you want us to do is fine.  we just want to hang out with you guys and enjoy some time with yall.  Cant wait, its gonna be a blast. -Your Friend Willie 
 Ill be there. Since I got left out last time. 
 It was up .13 today - you cant expect it to happen all at once. 
 I see how it is.  Now that were comin up there and its only a week away, you dont even want us staying with you now.   What a Bastard.  Up yours. Screw You!  -Dazzleman 
 thats awesome babe, congratulations, it doesnt surprise me though 
 Please disregard that first memo.  I noticed that NB Harper was a point already set up in the product manager.  If you could please approve the product and let me know when you do it I would greatly appreciate it.  Thanks for your help. 
 Melba, I need to have a new physical gas, day product set up as soon as possible.  The point will be Northern Border Pipeline at the Harper Transfer Point NBPL/Harp TP).    The point is in Keokuk county in Harper,Iowa  If you have any further questions please call me at 3-1929.  Thanks for your help. 
 Here it is : 
 I just fixed both of the tickets.  Let me know if you have any other questions. 
 Screw you and your friend SHEEDY? 
 Please go ahead and sign me up for the new garage. - Thanks 
 His new address is michael_sheedy@enron.net.  Or it may be mike_sheedy@enron.net. 
 Here is the spreadsheet, ill show you how to read it when you get a chance. 
 oh yeah, I cant wait till you have you first annual crawfish boil deck bash. 
 I hope everyone had a goodtime, the weekend just goes by to damn fast. 
 Do we have enough guys tonight to have a game? 
 No, I told Sharon Probably.  I make sure Yes's never come out of my mouth.  I might just get locked in if I do. 
 Petty damn funny -  thanks. 
 Thanks for your help on all my stuff.  Everything should be set up just like April 11.  Its in the system as Max SIQ for both companies, and the 10301 DIQ for Peoples only, No DIQ for NS.  This could change slightly in the morning, but my guess is it won't.  I already balanced out Will Co and Other City gates and took 72000 to Peoples.  Kelly needs to buy at least the short at amarillo.  Thanks again and I'll check with you in the morning to make sure everything is ok.  I'll have my pager if there is a major crisis, I dont anticipate one though. 
 Test 
 yeah I comin home first. 
 Hey Buddy, =09Sorry it took me so long to write back, but it is tough to do at work an= d I kept putting it off.  Sorry about that, I will get better at writing ba= ck. So what is up man?  How has the sea been treating you? So what have you= been doing, and what have you seen?  Around here the same ole stuff is goi= n on. Work, Golf and hanging out.  Thats about it.  Ferg got his new Yelliw= Lab at the end of April. He named him Walter.  He's a pretty good lookin d= og, but he has been cutting in to their sleep time.  Chris and Sarah had to= start wearing ear plugs at night because the dog kept whining.  I thought = that was pretty hilarious. Well, I finally got promoted.  I am now a full t= ime trader. Its pretty cool, but ot can be real stressful. I'm still pretty= much doing what I was before, but now I have to take full responsibility i= n all profits and losses.  So far its been goin Okay, but the days when you= have on the wrong positions it can really suck.  Joanna's brother graduate= d last week from Galveston A&M.  He already got a job and started Wednesday= for a shipping broker.  He is staying with us until July 1 then he is goin= g to Paris to train for 3 months.  That should be pretty cool!  Jo is still= traveling alot. She went to Toronto, Miami, London, and she is going to Be= rlin in June.  Wer might be going to Italy in September for our anniversary= .  She is going for work and I might try to tag along. The weather has  bee= n pretty good around here lately, all the Golf course are in great shape.  = I shot a 77 the other day at FT. Bend - 41-36.  Pretty inconsistent, but I'= ll take it.  I bogied 18 to miss shotting 1 under.  How's Cass doing. I kee= p meaning to call her, but I haven't yet.  We miss seeing you guys and look= forward to kicking back and drinking some beer and listening to all your s= tories.  I hope all is well and lookin forward to seeing you soon.  Keep ou= r country safe, we're counting on you.  "You and your faggoty white uniform= s."  Just kiddin -=20  =09=09=09=09=09=09Peace 
 Give me a call when you get a chance, I have a question for you? 
 Please take me off your mailing list.  These e-mails were never intended for me. 
 Jeff, Sorry for all the resumes lately, but everyone wants to get their foot in the door at Enron.  This resume is from my wife's cousin, who is looking to get a summer internship at Enron.  She is a very sharp young lady with a great work ethic.  I don't know if you are hiring for internships, if not, could you please forward this on to the person hiring for those positions.  I greatly appreciate any help you could give.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  Thanks again for your help.  Laura Perkins  - resumefinal.doc 
  please take me off your mailing list 
 please take me off your mailing list 
 call me. 
 Please take me off your mailing list. 
 Please tale me off your mailing list. 
 Please take me off your mailing list. 
  MCL - Financial Systems P.O. Box 8529 Ohil, Penn - 19101 
 willie cell 713-705-2073 jo cell     713-504-3253 home      281-343-7880 
 Twizzlers Please! 
 Hatchers never complained about Friday Open Hand  night with Davison.  Has anyone else heard him complain. 
 Looks like Darren's Family reunion! 
 Here it is: 
 Hatch said if Traffic is bad he aint comin'.  I think Jon wil