  When I saw this, I new that the dark Republican years would be over by 2004. Is their anyone more qualified in the areas of foreign policy, energy policy, political economics, or complex social issues than the Rev? We'll finally have the pimpin' leader that we need. 
 How about Skewers? 
 fascinating. I'd like to work at getting a piece 
 Dipak, Seattle/Tacoma is the summation of a large number of meters. The largest residential loads are broken out separately as tabs. The temps are from the research/weather folder. Initially, I am just curious if you can achieve a decent correlation. We can refine things a bit later. Jason 
  Jim,  I was wondering if you could provide any info on the Deer Island meter off NWPL (470)? It is a fair amount of load in the area, and I was just curious if this was mostly residential, or if there is a plant I am unaware of. I appreciate whatever help you can provide. Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 Dave,  What do you know about the NWPL meter 300 (Camas Jr.)? It makes up a fair amount of Portland area load. It's my understanding that this is industrial, possibly paper mills, but I don't have much more info yet. If this is a customer you are familiar with, let me know.  Thanks, Jason 
 ok 
 This is the preliminary product description for Kern Bakersfield. Pipe: Kern Gas Transmission Zone: California Facility: UNA - California  EOL products required are Next Day physical, Next Day + 1 phys, BOM phys, BOM +1 phys, and Prompt phys.  The meter will be assigned during scheduling. The following meters define Kern Bakersfield Pool Gas: Kern Front (2-5010)  Mt. Poso (2-5009) Sycamore (2-5007) Kern River SF (2-5025) China Grade (2-5006) N Kern River (2-5008) Kern River Chevreon (2-5005) S.E. Kern River (2-5004) Bear Mountain (2-5026) Race Track (2-5003) Techachapi-Cummings (2-5027) S.Midway (2-5012) Taft (2-5013) Midway Midset (2-5014) Midway (2-5015) N. Midway) (2-5017) Chevron (2-5020) Mobil (2-5021) Shell (2-5022) Texaco (2-5023) Mckittrick (2-5019) Crocker Springs (2-5018) Oxford (2-5016).  The product will be mapped to PGE curves:  NGI-SOBDR-PG&E and GDP-PG&E/TOPOCK  Trader: Mike Grigsby Risk Book: ENA - IM WC CAL Book Admin: Monte Jones  Thanks,  Jason Wolfe x30568 
  did you let everyone know? how about tomorrow? 
 dear God!!!!!! Not....  The TOUR 
 The zone and UNA meter exist in sitara already. Two of the five meters that will be assigned by schedulers need to be set up. As it is, the zone is mapped to Socal curves - but should be PG&E as you said below. Jason 
 It will be mapped to PG&E Topock Index and the PG&E Large Pkgs Gas Daily. 
  Patti, Stacey,  The new Las Vegas Pool product will bridge into sitara as - Pipe: Kern River Gas Transmission Zone: Las Vegas Facility: UNA - Las Vegas  It is buyer's choice; the pool consists of - Harry Allen (2-4015) Apex (2-4002) Blue Diamond (2-4016) Pecos (2-4013) Lone Mountain (2-4012)  Pecos and Lone Mountain do not seem to be options when manually booking a deal in sitara. If they are not in the system they probably need to be set up.  The meters will be determined before 10:30 during scheduling. The deals will bridge with the UNA - Las Vegas meter/facility.  Let me know what you think. Thanks, Jason 
  Information for new physical point  US Gas Phy	Kern Las Vegas		Dec01		USD/MM  Pipe: Kern River Gas Transmission Trade Zone: Las Vegas Facility: UNA - Las Vegas  Meters will be determined during scheduling; it should bridge with unassigned meter. EOL products required are Next Day physical, Next Day + 1 phys, BOM phys, BOM +1 phys, and Prompt phys.  Trader: Mike Grigsby Risk Book: ENA - IM WC CAL Book Admin: Monte Jones  Thanks,  Jason Wolfe x30568 
 Marvin,  Attached is the list of points. I need the general location and/or zone.  What is the nature of the Southend Balancing point (603)? There is a Northend Balancing, but it has no volume. Is Elmore Delivery M/S (616) a residential load? What is Florida River reciept (599)?  Thanks for your help.  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 loser 
 mullet 
 I'm up on all that. I was on my way to Portland, so couldn't pick up Canidate. However, it looks like Faulk only has bruised bone and will be back in 1-2 weeks. Shaun Alexander was the big miss, that guy could be a stud. We won again, and are 4th in the league with a good shot to win our next 2. Surprising, considering how shitty Thrash has become.  I will be back from Portland Wed night so I will probably see you at some point. J 
 Well, go find Glen Cook's The Black Company to start a less deep, but still entertaining, series. 
 Keith, I am trying to confirm that the following plants receive gas off of these respective meters on NWPL:  Ferndale, WA plant (reduced capacity) -  meter 472 Wematchee, WA plant (closed) - 446 Longview, WA plant (closed) - 227 Troutdale, OR plant (closed) - 302  Could you confirm that the Troutdale plant is a direct connect and does not nominate through the Cascade LDC? This may be best answered by whomever schedules your supply.  Also, it would be extremely helpful if you could tell me when the above plants closed or reduced capacity.  I appreciate any help you can give me. Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 Elizabeth Cherry 713-350-1860 
 You need to have these things at a time when I'm available. I don't get off work before 5:30. 
 I vote for the 25th also. Wait... do I get a vote? Jason 
 Karen, Sorry but lunch will be impossible. That week is bid week; also I will be covering for someone else who somehow got approved for vacation during this busy time. Jason Wolfe 
 That is awesome. You must have been jizzing non-stop since the All-Star break.  The only Big-Unit I recognize is the one from UH:  me. 
 You didn't answer if you would clean more or less boats this year than the last guy.  And yes, I am with Beth.  And yes, I am still a stud-cowboy. 
 I'm always hanging out...   of my pants!  That said, perhaps I can get more casual... It's tough for me to get away for lunch, with my new gig, but your companionship is the break that refreshes. We need some quality time.  Also, I've heard from Ellwanger, who is cleaning boats. He offered me a raw, water washdown. And I don't own a boat. 
 So Tara is definitely returning?  Is this job the new boating equivalent of your UH recruiting job? Where you will clean less boats this year than anyone else in your position in the history of Triumph Boats?  BTW, I have paid much more than $185 for a raw, water washdown, man-whore. 
 So when does Tara have to commit to Big E?  Can you clean my boat? It has this crusty, fishy stuff on the bottom of the hull. 
 Y 
 Cards win indeed. I like them for the series. Are you cleaning fishing boats, too? 
 The stream of internet bullshit is never-ending. If the FBI had ANY concern about this, we would see it on the news.  But I heard from a friend's friend that the Taliban hates atheists (like myself) most of all, and believes that if you give them lots of money they will destroy themselves in an orgy of hookers and cocaine - because they are immoral, Godless creatures. If you don't do as they say, they will blow up your house on the 10th day of the 10th month of this year (like Nostradamus predicted). Checks or cash (or hookers) can be sent to: 2300 W Alabama  Apt 6 Houston, TX 77098  Thanks, Jason 
 I'm sorry, I didn't receive the text of your reply. Jason 
 Ms. Ridinger:  I am an analyst studying industrial gas load in the northwestern United States and am attempting to place a number of aluminum plants. I believe I have the Northwest Pipeline DRN numbers for 3 of your 4 plants, but am not sure which meter feeds your Ferndale, WA plant. Also, I would like to confirm the DRNs for the other three. If you, or someone you could refer me to, could provide this information I would greatly appreciate it.  Thanks, Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 is this true? 
 Sergei, To avoid duplicates I would prefer to pay for only the 18 Big Stalin Russian Political Posters (1013259638). Thank you very much for your understanding. I am transferring funds to Paypal now in the amount of: $16.50 (item) + $27.50 (shipping) = $44.00 (total)  In 3-4 business days a Paypal transfer will be made to ezyroll@aol.com.  Is this shipping from overseas? If so, perhaps this should be insured. Let me know. My address is:  JASON WOLFE 2300 W ALABAMA  APT 6 HOUSTON, TX 77098  Thanks, Jason 
 Mark, I am transferring funds to Paypal, which will take a couple days. I am including $2 insurance (total 66.85). When you get notice that the payment is available, send product to:  JASON WOLFE 2300 W ALABAMA   APT 6 HOUSTON, TX 77098  Thanks, Jason 
 I recently won two of your auctions. One is 5 posters, one is 18. I am excited about these posters, but I have a couple questions. Are the 5 posters in the first set completely included in the set of 18? If so, is it possible to get any non-duplicates that you may own in the same theme that will not be doubled up in these sets?  Thanks for the product. Jason 
 I just got back from checking out the new building. It's sweet. J 
 The Index settles during bid week for the following month (last week of Sep for Oct) and is published around this time. This curve is probably in the system as basis, code D, which is the difference between the Index and NYMEX settle. This index is the Oct price curve (P) plus the Oct basis curve (D). Deals are +/- a few cents for The index (I) curve is next month's curve at what these differentials are trading at. It is not the actual "index". It is what is added to the index for physical deals priced off index. I know it is confusing. Jason 
 A few relevant points: 1) you WILL be attending"Art" 2) you may remove and re-don pants at your leisure during the show, but you WILL arrive and leave suitably dressed. 3) AoE should be ON tonight, or some acceptable replacement strategy/shooter game playable by 4+ people. J 
 Jim,  My mailing address is:  EB3209E PO Box 1188 Houston, TX 77251-1188  If it is possible that I could receive the same information broken down by month, I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 I am interested in obtaining a load breakdown by industrial, residential, and electrical generator customers for your utility, on a monthly basis, as part of a NWPL market research project. If you could give me some contact information, I would appreciate the help.  Thanks, Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 Mr. Boehlke:  After speaking to a NW Natural representative, I was told to contact you for more specifics regarding information on your customer breakdown. I am interested in gas load by residential, industrial, and electrical generation on a weekly or monthly basis. Your financial statements have a quarterly cross-section in a fairly similar format, but I was hoping I could get more specific numbers, including the type of industrial user (high-tech, aluminum, agricultural, etc.) and historicals back to last winter. If you could help me out I would greatly appreciate it, as trying to forecast NWPL load without some general NW Natural data is impossible.  Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 I am interested in Cascade's natural gas demand by broad customer class - such as residential, industrial, and electric generation - over the past year. Also, if possible, a list of the larger generators or industrials that you serve.  Could you direct me to the department or individual who could best assist me in this research?  Thanks,  Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America 713-853-0568 
 IT DOES PRODUCE SOME 
  I love you and although I am seemingly incorrigible, I listen to your criticisms. By now you should know that you can trust me through thick and thin. Besides, you told Josh 2 weeks ago that you liked being with me, despite our stubborn differences. I listened to you then also. Let's get real, over the long haul, we have too much in the way of common interests, beliefs, and interesting times. I think we should just invoke a pact to talk more without getting angry. We are not moving yet. When we leave Houston, we are leaving together, so unpack your UHaul. Love, Jason  P.S. Also, I expect you to do some holiday visiting with me, and vice versa. 
 I know it seems gimmicky- but we sould keep a jar, and every time you get mad, I could put a penny in it, and you can decide every day if I have treated you like enough of a princess to take one out. Whatever is left after a month or so, we would take a getaway of however many pennies are in the jar (not funded by the pennies, of course). This would really show how much things have not gone your way, and would be a reminder for me. We could also set up a Jay jar, but I guess that would be less full. I am brainstorming to try to get myself to behave, so I know it's corny. J  Also, I like the VIrginias and Carolinas, but we should go together when we go. And I think of you as my partner every day, and I'm sorry I take it for granted. 
 QUIT APPLYING FOR JOBS OUTSIDE OF HOUSTON!! :( The farthest you can go is the Woodlands! J 
 The game was nail-bitingly close, but Chinese 12 year old hookah's strategy of ChoKoNu mayhem was the deciding factor. At one point, Beth and I soaked the earth with the blood of wave after wave of paladin assault (and rear-action monk cowards), but it was Alan's resource control that won out. But for the most part, I would characterize the game as a draw. Bring on the firstperson shooters until Star Wars. Jason 
 Chris, Could these numbers be loaded into the db for October? These are cyc 13 pulled from Citrix, up to the 30th, incl points not grabbed by the HTML scraper. Thanks, Jason 
 So Camas Jr is confirmed paper mill? Do you know what is behind the Bellingham II point (290)? Bellingham/Ferndale (472) I understand is the Ferndale power plant; is this 290 point another unit? Thanks, Jason 
 A good beating reminds me of my uncle Sam's place. 
 I look forward to an evening of intense concentration puncuated by controlling, berating direction. And that's just Beth's backseat driving on the way to Greenway. Hey-oh! But seriously, folks, I'm probably not in for any game night where Travis is encouraging guys to feel his lance. Isn't there enough posturing? J 
 If Beth OKs it I can do a strategy session. That last email from Devil-Pooch made me yearn for the sight of his blood soiling the field of battle. The key to Allan's wins (and I have given it some thought): 1) Quick advancement. He doesn't attack early, I believe it is to build stone walls, encompassing a larger area than is proportional for his team. And to seal us off. 2) Large level of resources, enabling him to cue Paladins to build as his army is killed. Thus he has a constant wave of attacks. He also builds resources until the point he decides to attack, then he kills all but maybe 20 villagers. His army is concentrated and huge. 3) Build castles on conquered territory.  If we wall a large area, build resource levels quickly, then attack as soon as we each have a 40 man army, with additional soldiers cued. we will win. The use of trebuchets is imperative. We should have a total of 10 on our team. Towers kill. AND WE MUST NEVER SIT BACK AND LET HIM REBUILD. Whenever we hang out not attacking, it's over.  J 
 I know. Houston sucks. XO J 
 When I think about you, it puts me in a good mood 
 I hope you feel better. I think your work (and work ethic) is phenomenal. I will give you many hugs. Your biggest fan, J 
 Sorry this took so long. I talked to Geof and got the OK. Thanks, Jason 
 what the??!?! 
 Thanks. My battery cap looked a little different. I will try to take it off tonight and will take a picture. It wasn't obvious to me at the time how the cap worked (it wasn't nearly as clean around the battery as grandmas). Hopefully no more problems.  Jason 
 1) It's Grease. 2) It's 'NSYNC, and I am insulted by your inaccurate spelling of this legendary band's name 
 Like the Las Vegas product, we need to re-map the curve in sitara to PGE-Topock instead of Socal, but we can go ahead and roll out the next day product. Jason 
 Around North Carolina? no 
 really? why? 
 whatever. just let me know when you aren't dicking around 
 If there is an Enron next week, she will probably get an offer. Unless we are owned by Dynegy. Then I don't know. Either way, don't quit cleaning boats yet. 
 Karen, I worked in ENA West Risk from July 2000 until March 1, 2001, when I began West Logistics. Risk was counted as my first rotation. Scheduling is my second. Jason 
 According to CNBC, the Dynegy deal is close, with an announcement today. I'm not really nervous; Enron's strength is its wholesale trading dept. I'm not sure about non-core business and corporate hacks, though. We'll see how it all shakes out - it's really hard to believe it has come to this. Jason 
 I'm eating Droubi's middle eastern cuisine right now, thinking of the times we used to meet there for lunch. I miss those days. 
 It's Dynegy, not Dynergy. 
 We are totally LBs. no DEs. We had a bad defensive game, which I hope turns around next week, as we have good people at those positions. Our defense has been one of the best. PumpnGD had a lucky defensive game, but he has good people as well. Our head-to-head with him in 2 weeks is key. Curtis Martin is a bye for him, so he picked up Watters. But you saw last night how dominant Shaun Alexander is. If he has a good game next week, he may have the starting role or at least split carries. The next 2 games will be tough. Jason 
 the merger will be completed over the next 8-10 months, so who knows where I will end up. I need to be where the trading is. Beth and I are driving up for XMas. We're leaving Houston Thurs or Fri before, and will head back for Houston the 26th. Let Sweetpea know. Jason 
 I open my email, and Trav is inviting people over, threatening to pull out the ol' lance, and comparing dimensions with Matty. I guess that means it's game night. Is Allan going to around Tues? He has been notoriously absent, and may not be allowed to play anymore. 
 oh, and the pause for "Friends" was a nice touch. I think that reveals the true, inner warlike nature of MillerKnight. You go, girlfriend! 
 Thurs I can play after Thirtysomething...  but on a serious note, I need some clarification on when AoE lance night is taking place, and when XBox night (Thurs?) is happening. I'll bring some Miller for MK Jason 
 Hey, thanks for trying to squeeze in a few minutes with your friends the weekend you finally fly down to Houston. I wouldn't expect you to make a trip unless you had to. 
 sorry, no 
 I've been working pretty heavily. This past Sat I went to the Rennaisance Festival, which runs for about 7 consecutive weekends in the fall every year in the country north of Houston. It is set up like a huge medieval village with jousting, shops, etc. People dress up like elves, swordsmen, wizards, fairies. (I even saw a fat guy dressed as a fairy) People are really into it, and travel a long way to go. Have you seen the new Ford Thunderbird? Go online if you haven't, and have the big guy look at it, too. I think it looks pretty awesome, but I'm not sure it will be my next car.  Love, Jason 
 Who is playing, and when should we start? Get back at me so I will know when to show up. Thanks, DJ 
 I hear you are good at facilitating a quick "meating" 
 Jonda, be a sport. No one expected YOU to get a T-shirt. You and Beth were getting tube tops.   So was Matt. 
 will you be holding his leash and cleaning up his mess? 
 so are you say