 saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate margins/absolute position limits/var.  as these guys are taking off the front, they are also buying back summer.  el paso large buyer of next winter today taking off spreads.  certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong on the way up and such a piece now.   really the only one left with any risk premium built in is h/j now.   it was trading equivalent of 180 on access, down 40+ from this morning.  certainly if we are entering a period of bearish to neutral trade, h/j will get whacked.  certainly understand the arguments for h/j.  if h settles $20, that spread is probably worth $10.  H 20 call was trading for 55 on monday.  today it was 10/17.  the market's view of probability of h going crazy has certainly changed in past 48 hours and that has to be reflected in h/j. 
 amazing how with cash futures at $1 and the back such a piece that f/g under such pressure.  month 2 has been the strongest part of the board all year. will be interesting to see what happens when h/j is prompt.  could j actually be strong?  seems like of the spreads on the board the best risk reward is in f/g.  a little worried about having the z/f effect again.  that is, all spec length trying to roll and funds trying to roll  at the same time leading to some ridiculous level at expiry.  any thoughts? 
 We both thank you 
 So, what is it?   And by the way, don't start with the excuses.   You're expected to be a full, gourmet cook.  Kisses, not music, makes cooking a more enjoyable experience. 
 sure, stop by and we'll arrange a place to meet.  If you come by  during trading hours though, I can only say hi for a couple seconds. 
 how about 6:00 for drinks 
 I've got a "strategy" mtg from 3:00 - 5:00.  It's very important.  I've got to strategize about things.  Not sure about exactly what.  Just things. 
 anything new in the world of marketing? 
 yea, how about 3:30? 
 how about 4:00? 
 I can't get into this....any ideas? 
 Savita: A couple of issues:  1.  I'm having trouble setting a syncopated basis child of a syncopated basis child (grandchild).  Is this not currently allowed by the system?  2.   I have a lot of counterparties whom click on hub gas daily when they meant to trade nymex.  Although I would like the nymex filter to bring gas dailies, is there anyway to separate them a little more clearly.  Eventually I would like to run all my products in parallel with gas daily, but I'm restricted right now by issue #1.  Please advise, John 
 cant handle the pressure of big money?? 
 Oh yea, I always get those two places confused. 
 pira's certainly got the whole market wound up.  I've seen a wave of producer selling for the first time in two months over the past two days.  Most selling Cal 1 off the back of Pira.  Pira certainly commands a lot of respect these days.  Too much, probably. The problem with all these bull spreads (ie F-H) is the thought process in natty is that if Jan is strong, just think what happens when you get to March and run out of gas.  The spread game is very different than playing crude. These spreads haven't moved for the past 1000 point runup.  You know there were guys bullish this market trying to play it with spreads and haven't made a penny. Just to clarify, Pira said 3 bcf y on y for Z1?  That seems hard to believe. 
 of course...  just kidding.  Aldo's next week. you're done.  Open up your checkbook baby. 
 Jerk 
 Lady, c'mon...you're just one of the guys!  Wanna go to Treasures tonight? 
 Gary: Just checking to see if the Trader's Roundtable includes us gas boys.  I would certainly be interested in attending. John 
 Please call me at 713 557 3330 
 Premonition? 
 I am not who you think I am.  I have never been in IDRC nor am I in the profession. Thx, John 
 Frank: Susan Scott, Larry's risk manager, will compile and send you a spreadsheet of total p&l minus new deal p&l since June 1.   Can you review this data and compare it to the respective VAR numbers for these dates.  I think you will see the VAR numbers way overestimate his p&l volatility. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yea, problem is I left at noon to catch my flight, but Marc had a later flight because NY is closer to Columbus than here. Right after I left, the market got very busy and Marc decided to stay at work and not go.  So that sucked.    Jennifer Burns  10/12/2000 04:09 PM 
 sure 
 Sounds as if you went to a better show than I did.  The game was very sloppy.  They tied 0-0.  Not too exciting.     Jennifer Burns  10/12/2000 03:43 PM 
 how was the concert? 
 why does everybody in this company know my p&l????? 
 Thx, I do not have high speed service yet. 
 sounds good 
 82 
 I will not be able to attend    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey: I hope you know we were just kidding with you yesterday.  We don't get many strangers on the floor so we have to harass them when we do.  I think I am a couple of the "we are not" attributes in your book.  Is that going to cause me any problems going forward? John 
 I've got your tix.  Just two though.  I left them in my car.  Can you walk down with me around 11:45-12:00? 
 No 0-jun 1  indicative offer is 4.85 
 how's 3:00? 
 Absolutely.  Come by around 3:30?? 
 how about 4:45? 
 John: Please call Lavorato's secretary, Kim, and schedule a time to talk with John ASAP. Thanks, John 
 Yea, I'm picking up 2 tix today....hopefully. John    Jennifer Burns  10/09/2000 10:38 AM 
 I was long 4000 X @ 4902, then I switched it from X to F at the same price. I switched it at 5000, but it puts me into the F at a price basis of 4902. Sorry for the confusion.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I can do it either way but would much rather just make it the simple average of prices, 5 per week. 
 Adam: Good question.  The exchange, NYMEX, and I, Enron Online, offer a nearly identical product.  The fight is over which execution model is superior.  I would argue that technology will make open outcry exchanges extinct.  It's happened in Europe already.  The largest commodity exchange in Europe, the LIFFE, went with a parallel electronic system to open outcry.  Within weeks, the floor was deserted and virtually all trading occurred electronically.  I still trade on the exchange because we have credit issues with individuals and certain hedge funds that limit the trading we can do with them direct. The exchange still provides a credit intermediation function that is useful. It is certainly an issue that we are trying to address. John 
 yes 
 Dave: We spend a tremendous amount of resources and money collecting information. Further, the flow we see gives us an advantage in the market.   We have little interest in distributing this info outside of the building.  I hope you understand.   Good luck to your brother. 
 Oops, I hadn't gotten to this one yet.  Can we do it any later? 
 Yea ... the later the better. 
 Sorry for not responding.   I don't look at my email constantly through the day.  Don't have much to do in Q/U still it widens back out. Thanks, John 
 A funny story: Because Access was up 75 cents last night, Nymex made a trading limit of unchanged to +150.  After 20 minutes of trading, we were at unchanged and the exchange stopped trading for an hour. Rappaport, the exchange president, was standing by to make sure everything was orderly.  Obviously, the locals weren't too happy about the exchange closing.  One yelled at Rappaport... "Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock" 
 Something to take a look at 
 Thanks 
 Can you handle this.  Please forward all names on the daily P&L sheet.  I get a copy every day if you need. 
 Mark: We are still on for drinks on the 19th.  You have called the market very well since you started sending me updates.  Unfortunately for both of us, a couple of good calls does not a soothsayer make.  Thus, keep sending me your updates so I can at least get a little broader judgment of your abilities.   In terms of my trading style, I take positions to make $.25-$1, not $.05.  Too much noise in this market to trade differently for me. 
 Hey: I just want to confirm the trades I have in your book. Trade #1.  I sell 4000 X @ 4652  Trade #2. I buy 4000 X @ 4652 I sell 4000 X @ 4902  Trade #3 I buy 4000 X @ 5000 I sell 4000 F @ 5000   Net result: I have 4000 F in your book @ 4902. Thanks, John 
 Received 
 Credit lines are like bandwidth.  Create the capacity and we'll find a way to use it. 
 Mark: Let's keep the present system for the short-term.  I would like to continue looking at your work for another couple weeks.  We'll talk later, John 
 http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/Weather/WeatherMain.htm 
 John: I have asked Mike and Larry to spend half an hour each talking to you about opportunities on the gas floor.  Please advise if the following schedule is unacceptable.  I will be leaving today at 2:15. Larry 4:00-4:30 Mike 4:30-5:00  Thanks, John 
 i think it is something we need to do.  please set it up 
 Russell: I think I should give you a little background on small ventures.  Bill Perkins and I have a strong personal and professional relationship.  He is an extremely creative individual.  Whalley actually commented on him today as someone "who thinks outside the box".  Bill actually sat in a bar four years and said the next tradeable market would be bandwidth.  He has been successful in the gas business when he has had someone to filter his ideas. As such he provides an informal consulting role to Enron.  He throws out ideas and, every once in a while, he comes up with a great one.  He pointed out an anomalous pricing occurence in the options market, a market I normally don't follow closely, that I translated into a multimillion dollar trade for Enron.  In return, I have agreed to have Enron intermediate his trades within reason.  I want to emphasize that continuing this relationship should be considered a high priority.  I am willing to accept some of the credit risk exposure as a cost of doing business.  Bill understands his role as an independent in the market and performs the right risk/reward trades for someone with finite capital.  I place very high confidence in Bill not conducting high risk trades.  Having said that, we certainly need to monitor his credit exposure and continue to require LC's.  Just understand that he is at a different level of sophistication that any other non-investment grade counterparty.  I understand there was some concern in regards to the Transco Z6 spread option he traded.  He was absolutely right about the valuation and we, on the trading desk, knew it as well.  There are a couple isolated products that Enron does not do a good job of valuing because of systems limtations.  This was one product.  Our spread options are booked in Excel using option pricing models created by the research group.  The problem with these models is that they are strictly theoretical and don't take into account gas fundamental price limitations.  For instance, it is less probable, though not impossible, for a transport spread from a production area to a market area to go within variable cost than the models predict.  Thus it is necessary to apply a correlation skew curve on top of the overlying correlation used.  Obviously, we have this function in our pricing models.  I was not aware this methodology had not been transferred to the valuation models.  This has since been changed.  Fortunately these incidents tend to be extremely rare as very few non-investment grade companies trade these types of products.  Finally, on Friday Bill wanted to do a trade that reduced his exposure to Enron.  I gave Mike Maggi the go ahead to do the trade without consulting credit.  I do not believe that I acted out of line in approving this trade considering the circumstances.  If you believe differently, please advise. Thanks, John 
 Can you swap me with Fletch.  Try to make all of my interviews as late as possible. Thx John 
 Just an update: Today I set up a front month fixed price gas daily product priced at parity to NYMEX.  I thought the response was tremendous.  It really shows that we might have an angle to put out more of the curve and become the predominant benchmark for the industry rather than the exchange.  One problem I had was linking 2 syncopated basis products.  I set up a new product for the prompt that was Nov GD/D Henry Hub that was a syncopated basis of 0/0 to the Nov Nymex.  However, since Dec Nymex is a syncopated basis to Nov Nymex, I could not set up a syncopated basis link around the Dec Nymex.  Any ideas? 
 Jeff: Anything ever happen with Pedron? John 
 Boys: I'm sorry you were not able to attend last night.  I do appreciate your efforts to make this book as successful as it has been.  It's not quite the same as being in my company, but take your respective wives, or swap, I don't care, out this weekend on me.  Try to keep it under $300 per couple.  Keep up the good work, John 
 What design are you talking about?  Do I have pink elephants on all my emails or something?  I'm very enthused that I have the skillset to be an advertising critic when I grow up.  It's something I've always wanted to do.   PS.  I'm a little sarcastic as well. 
 As far as lunch, it's a done deal.  I need names of people who should be allowed.  It is not for the whole floor, but rather for people who need to stay at their desk during the day.  Please advise, John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Looks good.  I'm a little confused as to how many users can be on.  The system needs to be able to handle 50+ users at one time, each being able to post messages any time. 
 Thank you for sending this.  If only you sent it a couple hours earlier. Just kidding.  T Boone must have heard this because he sold everything today.   9000 contracts. John 
 home.enron.com  this is home.enron.com. 
 seems crazy.  if you're willing to ride it for a few cents against you it's a great trade.  who knows where they're going in th eshort term though 
 Jim: I apologize for the comment after your order.  I knew you didn't like the market last night so I was surprised when you were an buyer this morning. It's not your style to change views quickly as you tend to trade with a longer term view.   I was out of line with the comment and it won't happen again. John 
 Hi: Can you get me subscriptions to the following magazines: The Economist Energy Risk Management Havard Business Review Thanks, John 
 Hello: I am John Arnold.  I believe you're looking for Jeff Arnold. 
 I really liked the commercials about specifics (i.e.  weather, EOL, bandwidth).  The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level than where my brain operates.  Still not quite sure what was going on there. Ode was a bit too idealistic.   The campaign in general was very different than previous.   But I guess you know that and that's the point.   Again, I think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very impressive.  Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact.  Sorry I ruined your run.  At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car thief. 
 Joe: I just wanted to run this past you... John 
 I'm not sure what is happening on my position.  It may have to do with how you shaped the forward vol and price curves at each level.  My VAR is so dependent on spread levels and vols that a small change in the Jan vols could produce that effect. The results certainly provide evidence of a need for higher VAR going into the winter. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey freak: So we finally had LA type weather here for the past two days.  Highs in the mid-70's.  Beautiful.  Life's just cruising along.  Nothing new.  I put a bid in for a condo in a new mid-rise building going up in West U that they accepted.  If all goes as expected I'll move in next X-Mas.  So are you adjusting to the big city.   Got yourself a big Hollywood actor boyfriend yet? John 
 It's getting harder and harder to root, root, root for the home team. 
 don't know.  think a little bit of everyone as the storage guys own it all. 
 Thanks.  This is exactly what I wanted. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Ben: Jeff Shankman gave me your name.  I have assumed Jeff's old responsibilities as head of the natural gas derivatives trading group.  Our broker, EDF MAN, supplies us with $50 million of margin financing every night.  They are trying to clean up their books for end of quarter and/or year on Sep 30. They have asked if we can post the $50 million overnight on the 30th.  We did this last year as well.   Please advise, John 
 Mark: You've called it right thus far.  Let's plan to get a drink after work on the 19th. Thanks, John 
 I'm sorry but I have plans for Thursday already.  Maybe next time. John 
 Hi: The big money making floor?   I don't think I like that.  Too much pressure...what happens if we screw up?  I went to the website and clicked on the link but all I got was a mess of characteres and symbols.  Any ideas how I fix it? John 
 can you please add this 
 What'd you do to my Cowboys? 
 Eric: I passed the customer on to Jennifer Fraser and Fred Lagrasta.  Please coordinate with them. Thanks, John 
 Steve: Sorry for the delay.  I was actually out of the office Thursday and Friday...some Enron management training seminar bs.  Count me as a probably for dinner on Friday.  I know JP well. Darcy Carrol's number is 713-646-4930. See you this wknd John 
 Jim: Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated.  I've certainly had some troubles this quarter.  I do appreciate your offer but I don't want to take away from the amazing year you've had so far.  Maybe you should come trade this... John 
 see you there    Enron North America Corp. 
 COO's: Do either of you have an objection to using Cantor as an OTC broker? 
 You're not done yet big boy. 
 Thx for the spreadsheet.   2 questions : What time frame does this entail and does the correlation between the trader and AGG GAS include that trader's contribution to the floor's P&L.  In other words, is my P&L correlated with the floor or is it correlated to the rest of the floor absent me?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff: Man is looking for money again to hold them over for yearend.  Who do I need to talk to? john 
 I'm in all day mtgs on Thursday and Friday.   I'm free Wednesday afternoon 
 Greg: The guy from MG whom I spoke to about clearing was Alfred Pennisi, VP of Operations.  He's out of NY.   He indicated his clearing costs were $3.10 versus the $4.50-5.00 I'm paying now. 
 Dave: A couple things about the limit orders:  1:  When a customer opens up the limit order box, I think the time open should default to 12 hours.  We want the orders open as long as possible. Now, it is more work to keep the order open for 12 hours than for 1 hour. Traditionally, limit orders are a day order, good for the entire trading session unless specified otherwise.  2.  Today Pete had 13,000/ day on his bid because he was hit for small size. When I tried to place a limit order, the quantity had to be in 5,000 increments of 13,000 (i.e. 3000, 8000, 18000...).  I could not overwrite the quantity to be 15,000.  3.  Everytime a limit order is placed, an error message occurs on the system saying error trade, price not available.  4.  Is there a way to modify a limit order, such as changing the price, without canceling it and resubmitting a new one?  If not, this would be a valuable feature.  Thx, John 
 someone had a foul odor for sure 
 Please remove me from your mailing list 
 I spoke to Alfred Pennisi from MG today.  MG clears their own trades and maybe some for other customers.  He indicated that his cost for clearing is $3.05 round turn. If this is accurate, we need to evaluate whether clearing ourselves and issuing cp every night is less expensive than paying a higher clearing rate and getting access to financing.  This is a question I hope your analysis of the true cost of clearing will answer.  Also, fyi, over the past two days I have done two 6,000 lot EFP's with El Paso under the same structure I explained to you previously whereby long futures are transferred from his account to mine to lower initial margin costs. 
 if you have a minute sometime today, please stop by. john 
 yep...i'm always here 
 I'm actually trying to go through all my email from the week.  What a pain in the ass.  As soon as I finish one, another appears in my inbox.  So how's life at ucla? 
 Agree completely.  In that context, it looks good. 
 Hello: I will not be able to attend the meeting but do have interest in being a tutor in any math subjects.  Please advise, John 
 I would like to participate in the Enron presentation at Vandy. John 
 why would i be??? 
 and they say it was purely coincidental the announcement came today.  6 is fine. 
 i'll let you know if they invite me this year. 
 Come talk to me sometime after 4:00 
 i filled in the spreadsheet 
 Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed? 
 How about 4:00? 
 can yuo set me up for the 4:00 mtg 
 you're right....they're full     Matthew Arnold  09/11/2000 02:26:50 PM 
 Please take care of this 
 I'm here... 
 Please schedule me for 10/10 from 3:00-5:00. 
 wassup wassup wassup.  plan drinks for any day early in the week 
 all you big boy... 
 Please take care of 
 Next Wednesday.... 
 Yea...can you come by around 5:30? 
 Take me off your mail list 
 take me off your mailing list 
 just checking up on the status of the margin project.... 
 Cliff: I have 4 tix to the Black Crowes for you, third row center.  Where's your office now? I'll come up and say hello this afternoon if you have a minute. John 
 no thanks. 
 Please take me off your email list 
 The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company.   It is written about the lady who started EOL, but I'm in it a little.   Chief of natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means.  I run the Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people.  I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday.   Never been but heard it's beautiful.  Next time you're in we'll go out. J 
 I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs.  Can you cancel that please? J 
 Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny. Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but I think I just did. Your long lost buddy, John 
 Did you get the magazines I sent you? 
 Attached are settles tonight for seasons and years for next 10 years. Dutch is working on getting historical curves.  He should have it by tomorrow morning. John 
 Can you handle this please? 
 She's out no bitch 
 Please contact John Lavorato.  He will be in charge of these budgetary issues. Thanks, John 
 Fine with me 
 appears as though the time to get in was last wednesday and everybody already missed their chance to get out 
 Frank: How do Sep basis positions roll off? John 
 And you wonder why America is the most productive country in the world. 
 Just FYI, whether it matters or not, but commissions in gas average $3-4 a contract.  Not sure about power. 
 Rahil: I have never commented favorably nor unfavorably about Kase's newsletter.   I think publishing independent market evaluations could be beneficial.  The more interesting content that is published, the better. 
 yes 
 Thanks 
 Ted: Lavorato wanted me to check on the $5,000,000 VAR extension.  Is it possible to get this extended indefinitely until the west basis market settles down? We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next week as well as indices get published.  Please advise ASAP. John 
 Dave: Just a reminder, can you send me a list of grandchildren to my products. Also, is it possible to systems-wise deny grandchildren to a specific product to ensure that the rule is enforced? John 
 Just some feedback on our EOL discussion.  Whalley had similar thoughts about how to address the ICE issue.  His thoughts are that if we are 4/5 on EOL, we post 1/8 on ICE.  If someone betters the bid to 1.5, a logic server automatically bumps up our bid to 1.75.  If someone betters that to 2 bid, we immediately go 2.25 bid.  So we are always the best market on ICE so long as it is not inside our EOL 2-way.  Thus the only way our best market shows on ICE is if without us the market is 3.75/5.25, at which point our 4/5 market gets shown.  If the 3.75 bid pulls out, so does our 4 bid.   Our proposal was that if EOL was 4/5 we would always show ICE 3.75/5.25.   Think about which system you like better.  Whalley loved Fletch's idea of running tally of brokerage saved and that will be implemented shortly.  I am going to call another EOL meeting for everyone on the gas floor managing a product this week.  The purpose will be to communicate about the importance of winning the electronic commerce game through a combination of improving 2-ways and killing the broker markets. 
 You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya?  Check out the Sep 11 Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo. 
 CONGRATULATIONS 
 Hey: Can you send me the file that you produced of those names so I can shrink it down a little? Thanks, John 
 How about Tuesday at either 6:45 am or 2:15 pm my time. 
 Ina: Did you find out the info on the ENA management committee> John 
 Dave: I was thinking about our conversation yesterday.   If El Paso, absent this power deal, were to give us physical gas for 8 years discounted at their WACC in exchange for an upfront cash payment from ENE, is that transaction a mark-to-market gain for us?  If not, what's the difference in paying them with an asset rather than cash.  If it is a mark-to-market gain, isn't this a way to generate false P&L? John 
 Thanks, have a good time but no interest.. John 
 Must be nice to be a Wall Street executive 
 Hey: So I was thinking about your NY problem...I might have an answer.  The site http://www.bestfares.com/internet_charts/hotel_internet.htm lists cheap hotel specials.  The problem is they won't list them until the Wednesday before the weekend.  Check it out though.  They have some reasonable deals. John 
 Thanks.  This is a project we should have done 5 years ago. John 
 Fine 
 Sarah: Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for all commodities (including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc). Also, can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and the rates we pay. Thanks, John 
 Z/F !!!!   wow.    Who would have thunk it.  Prompt gas at $6+ and Z/F as wide as last year.  Hard to think of a better scenario for it to flip. Rather, hard to think of any scenario for any z/f to be contango.   if it couldn't do it this year.... A lot of boys max withdrawing out of storage because that's what the curve told them to do last bid week.  Obviously, more gas trying to come out than is being burned, so you have to incentivize an economic player, like an Enron, to inject.  Problem is if we stick it in the ground now, we're pulling it out in G.  When you had z/g at 35 back and cash getting priced off g, cash/z looks awfully weak, thus putting a lot of pressure on z/f.  Storage economics will always dictate this market except maybe latter half of winter.  Buyers of h/j at 70 certainly hope so anyways. Agree with you that back half of the winter should be strong.  storage boys are withdrawing today and buying that.   bottom fishing in f/g yet or is it going to zero? 
 Jennifer: I'll be here, 3221F, tomorrow from 7:00 - 8:00 and 8:30-9:00 am. Thanks John 
 And I'm expecting the same from you. 
 Dear fellows, Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way (even if you don't plan on contributing)  if you haven't done so thus far. Thanks, John 
 Ina: 1.  Vacation is fine. 2.  Please put meeting below on calendar. 3. I am going to analyst presentation at Vanderbilt.  Find out when it is and put on calendar. 4. Can you find out who is on the ENA management committee meeting I went to along with their title and responsibilities. 5. Can you schedule a meeting for Tuesday or Wednesday late afternoon with Phillip, Hunter, and Fletch about EOL Thanks. 
 does the arnolds' worldwide notoriety surprise you? 
 when are we invited?? 
 Is that hugs or kisses? 
 Due to VAR reasons, you and I  both need to sell today.  Vol and price are going up, implying Enron can carry fewer contracts today than Friday.  Have your desk net sell 400 today. John 
 Had Carlos Franco just shot a 49 yesterday instead of a 70, you would have won. 
 Hey, Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone's interview schedule.  He can come in earlier if necessary.  If you need to talk to him, he is staying at the Omni and his cell number is 917-699-2222.  John 
 Please tell me he's not analyzing bollinger bands. 
 I had a dream that you were laid off yesterday, the day before your deal.  Just checking on Saturday with third eye blind... 
 If J. Franco wins, you win $2425 If he loses, you lose $75 
 Web server noticeably slow today.  I'm getting a lot of bad failed trades (2-3 seconds behind when I change a price). Not necessarily slower than yesterday, but definitely slower than a month ago. 
 z/f trading 4 
 Thanks...anxiously awaiting 
 Andy: Just checking on the options.  Any idea on rollout date? John 
 Congrats on your new job.. 
 Scott: Congrats on some great tech analysis of late.  You've called it near perfectly over the past month.  John 
 good seats sill available     Matthew Arnold  11/27/2000 12:33:48 PM 
 I will not be able attend but Errol will be there in my place. Thanks, John   PAMELA SONNIER 08/09/2000 10:27 AM 
 thx 
 Hello, Just checking to see if things are progressing as scheduled. Thanks, John 
 67 
 Hey: Do you have any extras for tonight's game? John   PS.   How's you bowl 
 Yes, I  managed it while she was on vacation. 
 JP: Hope things are going well. I'm trying to get the email address of your new partner, Tracy. If you have, can you forward? Thx, John 
 Although I would prefer to see the counterparty name for failed transactions, it is not of great importance and I certainly understand a third party system not supplying us with that info. 
 thx 
 The agreement is fine.  I'll mail it out. 
 I am leaving early on Friday.  If they want I'll try to talk to the kid for 15 minutes around lunch. John 
 Please take me off email list. 
 The following is a summary of the trades EES did today:  # buys  # sells Sep  5 / day  5 / day Oct  4 / day Nov-Mar 3 / day  2 / day Apr-Oct  1.5 / day 2.5 / day  Total contracts traded = 2045  Thought you should know... John 
 Hello: There is one feature that has not been transferred to the new stack manager. When I sort by both counterparty and product at the bottom of the screen, the position summary does not sort by both product and counterparty, just by product.  It would be very useful if you can replace this. Thanks, John 
 z/f 10/12 
 Hey: Do you have JP's email address?  John 
 who were you trying to bet on?? 
 That is fine...Just make sure you ensure the confidentiality of the floor is not compromised.  Do not let him see any EOL entry screens. Thanks, John 
 fyi jan red jan 32/33 with sep @392 
 Vlade: I have not heard back from you.  What is the schedule for changing the VAR process? Please reply, John 
 fyi: Jan Red Jan trading 28.5 with Sep @ 381 
 Hey: What's the update on Larry May's VAR issues.   Again, this is a priority as we will lose Lavorato's VAR soon. Thanks, John 
 Liz: Come by anytime... Thanks, John 
 thanks 
 remember when you said there is a reason they call them bear spreads?  bring up a chart of f/g or g/h. f/g is tighter now than anytime since march 99 when ff1 was worth 2.50   amazing 
 Oak -11 or Atl +11  ????  Bet voided 
 Frank: One of the most likely scenarios for a VAR blowout would be a severe cold front hitting the country in the middle to latter part of the winter.  In such a circumstance, cash may separate from prompt futures similar to how Midwest power traded $5000+ on specific days last year while prompt futures were $200.  The correlation between prompt and cash is normally very strong, and is indicated by the small VAR associated with a spread position currently.  But in the winter that may change. Another thing to keep in mind while developing this scenario is the assymetric risk presented by having a spread position on.  Assuming we enter the winter with normal to below normal storage levels, a position of long cash, short prompt futures has a long tail only on the positive p&l side. While such a trade in an efficient market has expected payout of 0, the payout probabilities may look like the following:  20%  $ -.05 40%     $ -.02 20% $ 0 19% $ .03 1% $ 1     Enron North America Corp. 
 Vlady: The plan looks good.  Can you please attach a time schedule to the different steps and send it back. Thanks, John 
 VP ENA Nat Gas Trading 3-3230      Debbie Flores 07/18/2000 09:01 AM 
 Mary: These agreements are acceptable.  Please sign the give up agreements with Banc One. John 
 Jeff: In regards to the antitrust training, can you please schedule that at least one of the sessions starts at 3:00 or later to ensure participation by all. Thanks, John 
 Russell: My risk group frequently uses the New Counterparty label for internal counterparties that do not have a trading book.  This transaction was a hedge for the acquisition of the paper plant we announced recently.  I'm not sure who the internal group is that did the transaction.  Dutch Quigley should be able to help. John. 
 Thanks. 
 Andy: Is the new version of EOL coming out soon.  I'm waiting to put new products on until it comes... John 
 I think you're cheating trying to get a fixed amount.... I'll give $1 per pin. Good luck, John 
 adams 30  631 
 Is it per game or point or what? 
 Jim: The list I gave you is a list of brokers that can clear through you, NOT brokers that you clear exclusively.  You do not clear any of my brokers exclusively.  All trades that clear through you will be done on discretionary trade-by trade basis.  You MUST have your floor personnel reverse everything they they told my brokers this morning.  I am not happy.  John 
 Jim: The following are the authorized floor brokers to accept trades from: Man Paribas SDI Refco Carr the old Fimat group (don't know what their name is now) Flatt Futures ABN  Thanks, John 
 Frank: The $5,000,000 extra VAR disappears in about a week.  There MUST be a band-aid to the term VAR curve before this expires.  Again, the back of the board is realizing 35-60% vol and it's being credited with 15% vol. Thanks, John 
 Hello: A recent posting on the Enron bulletin board indicated that you are looking for academic tutors.  I may be available to help at nights in math.  Can you please respond with details about the program, how old the kids are, the commitment required, etc. Thanks, John Arnold 
 Interesting observation...but I'm not sure I agree.   I think consensus opinion is that anything under 2.7 TCF is very dangerous entering the winter.  A month ago, analysts were predicting we would end the injection season with around 2.6 - 2.7 in the ground. With the most recent AGA, those projections seem to be closer to 2.7.  With supply of gas very inelastic to price in the short and medium term, you must look at the demand side of the equation.  The market is trying to price out the right amount of demand (mostly through lost industrial load and fuel switching) such that supplies will be stored rather than burned.  Each AGA number is another data point as to whether nat gas is high enough to price out enough demand to reach a comfortable level in storage entering the winter.   A low AGA number indicates we haven't priced out enough demand and the market must go up. Certainly, the 97 throws a curve in the bull argument, but the number  may be a function of very mild weather, a four day holiday weekend, and reporting noise rather than indicative of a structural shift in the supply/demand equilibrium.  We'll know a lot more as the next two weeks' numbers come out. If we get two low injections, watch out.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Frank: Just following up on two topics. One: Larry May's book continues to run at a VAR of 2,500,00 despite the fact his P&L is never close to that.  Can you check that his exotics book positions are being picked up in his VAR calcs.  Second:  Have you looked into applying a band-aid to the understating longer term Vol problem until we change formulas?  John 
 Margaret: As you can imagine, most information and procedures on the floor are extremely confidential.  We look at the gas market uniquely and using different tools than anybody else.  It is one of our competitive advantages. I'm hesistant to approve the use of any documents for external purposes. If you provide more information about what you're trying to show, who the target audience is, and what format it will be presented, I may be able to help you. John 
 Good job....I've got 10% of my portfolio in CGP.   Keep up the good work. 
 Per: Can you give the Campbell fund read-only access to EOL.  It may speed up the process if they see they can trade pre-market. John 
 adams bot 1/2 6365 
 I spoke to Vlady this afternoon regarding the alternative VAR methodologies. I think changing to a Riskmetrics historical VAR system is more defendable and objective, will provide more consistent results, and will create more realistic results.  I understand Vince has a similar opinion. John. 
 8 pm to 2 am 
 Greg's always on vacation.  You need to teach him some work habits.  Next Tuesday will work. John 
 I'll send 2 invites up.  What's your location? 
 I'm free from 4:00-5:00 today 
 Hello, Bill Perkins of Small Ventures USA is having a party this Saturday at the Mercantile bar downtown.  He has rented out the place, has a band, open bar...  usually pretty fun.  He asked me to give both of you an invite in appreciation of the work you've done for him.   If you have interest, ccmail me with whether you need one or two invites each. John 
 Hey, Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon?  --- Your secret admirer 
 Per: I've talked to him several times in the past.  I told him that you would call because of your experience with setting up funds.  They have two main problems.   One is setting up their internal systems.  Second, they have credit problems with a BBB+. Please call and introduce yourself. Thanks, john 
 world cup 2006  --  Germany   BOO! 
 Dinner tonite....birthday boy??? 
 Hey: Hope you're enjoying the Holidays.   I don't have your cell phone #, so call me if you get bored this week.  Sorry I didn't return your call Monday.  I'll be in the Big D.  You can reach me on my cell or, better yet, at 972 934 3440. Adios amigos: John 
 Please top level the following P&L out of my book because the market settled limit down.  End of day position Amount settle was off in my estimation  Total amount  V0  -1700   -.035     595,000 X0  6400   -.025     -1,6000,000 Z0  -1450   -.020     290,000 F1  4750   -.015     -712,500 --------------- -1,427,500 
 How about 4:00 ?? 
 Andy: Sorry...I was on vacation last week and fell behind my email.   Anytime you want to talk is fine.  I'll be around today if it works for you. john 
 Steve: Good hearing from you.  Hope all is going well.  I gave your name to Per Sekse in our New York office.  He deals with a couple hedge funds we currently do business with and has addressed some of the obstacles that we face with other counterparties.  He is on vacation this week but will call next week.  If you have any problems or concerns, feel free to call. John 
 euro 2004 in portugal 
 Hey Liz, Thanks for letting me use the phone.  A real life-saver.  My brother had a Nokia world phone on the trip and it seemed to work better.   It got reception some places where mine did not and is more user-friendly.  On a different topic...Greg talked me into upgrading to first class for a flight in December to Australia.  He talked me into it by agreeing to pay for half.   Cliff found it funny and agreed to pay for the other half.  I haven't expensed it yet so I'm having Barbara send it on. Thanks, John 
 Thank you very,very much. Love you, John 
 84 
 Vlady: Can I  add 3 more portfolios:  1.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis - 1000 July 2003 Panhandle Basis  2.     +1000 June Henry Hub Cash  3.      +1000 June Henry Hub Cash - 1000 July Futures  Thanks, John 
 eat shit 
 yes 
 Vlady: In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some mini-portfolios:  Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex -1000 December Nymex  2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles  3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex  4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex - 1000 August 2002 Nymex  5.     +1000 July Socal Basis  6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis -1000 July Michcon Basis  7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index  8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis  Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR numbers make logical sense. Thanks, John 
 Tickets requisitioned for England/Germany.  $1500!!!!!! 
 Tanya: On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing.  I was under the impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday. I have not received any response.  Please reply with status of this project. John 
 Please use this vol curve for a dry run to figure out var for my book, NG price, and Jim's book, Storage, and communicate the results.  Thanks,John 
 Can we meet at 5:00 today? 
 Let's meet at 4:00. 
 Stupid taxes 
 i assume means carrying equity positions, which of course the line would not be used for. john 
 Please do not send these emails anymore.  I am not Jennifer Arnold 
 Kevin: Come by Tuesday between 5:00-5:30 if you still want to see the new spreadsheet.  However, it may be more valuable to talk to Dutch Quigley, who runs my risk, as he built the system and understands the vertical integration better. John 
 Please take me off your mailing list 
 Doug: To confirm the pricing of the LNG dela::  I can show a $3.01 bid for the Nymex portion of 160,000 mmbtu/day for the time period Jan 2003-Dec 2014.  The bid on Henry Hub basis for same time period is -$.0025 resulting in fix price of $3.0075; the bid on Sonat basis is -$.0175 translating into a bid of $2.9925.  Notional volume = 70,128 contracts. PV volume = 37,658 contracts. Exposure per $.01 move = $3,760,000  John 
 Hey, I just got your email. Call anytime after 4:00. Obviously, I don't read my email very often 
 Please stop sending emails to jennifer_arnold to the following email address: jarnold@enron.com. You have the wrong person 
 Jeff: Sorry for my cryptic answer in regards to the LNG deal on Friday; I was a bit confused by the question. In terms of the gas pricing, this is a deal that should be done.  Market conditions are very conducive to hedging a fair amount of the gas. Obviously, a deal this size would require Enron to wear a considerable amount of the risk in the short term, but the risk-reward of the position looks very favorable. I am certainly willing to sign off on this deal around the $3.00 level. John 
 Andy: The problem if we limit the size on options to being what size is offered on the swap hedge, we will not be able to offer adequate size on the options. Optimally, I think we want to offer a minimum size of 100 across all strikes.  If the swap is 4/4.5, one a day up, and someone buys half a day, making the market, 4/4.5 one a day by half a day, the size offered on a 10 cent out of the money call might be as low as 30 contracts, a much smaller size than most people want to trade.  If we restrict to strikes with a lower delta, we face the problem of not offering enough strikes and not making a market in options that have open EOL interest that have moved closer to the money. Maybe the answer is to assume the swap hedge to be a penny wide two way wrapped around the EOL swap mid market.  Thus if the front swap on EOL is 4/4.5 one a day by half a day,  the input into the option calculator is 3.75/4.75, 100 up.  In this case I think 100 is necessary because once a strike has open interest, we must continue to support it.  Thus I anticipate having to make markets in deep itm options as the market moves.  In terms of straddle strikes, I think the edge received from buying straddles struck on the EOL offer and vice-versa is not big enough to compensate for what I think the industry will view as a scam and another way Enron is trying to rip people off.  Although striking on the mid-market is probably easier for the trader, I actually think striking in five cent increments makes more sense.  It allows people to trade out of the position on EOL.  Whereas if someone buys the 3085 straddle and the market moves to 3200, they have to call ENE to close the trade.  If the trade is struck at 3100, we will have a market on both the 3100 call and put at all times.  Secondly, I would anticipate non-volatility driven option traders may elect to sell either just the put or call in this scenario depending on their view of market direction. 
 Hey: Haven't had the best of months.  Like you had some good positions but others wiped out everything.  Unbelievable how the whole curve moves as one for 6 months and then separates completely.  The z/f/g and f/g/h flies are amazing.  Something definitely out of whack.  Hard to believe cash in Z will be cantango to F and front spread, F/G, will be 40.  Spreads definitely implying we will see some $10+ prints on daily cash at the hub this winter. Hell, already seeing it in the West.  The system is just broken there. interesting to see if it is a sign of what can come in the east later. definitely more flexibility in the east so the blowouts won't occur until latter part of the winter.   the inelasticity of demand continues to be unbelievable.  who would have thunk it.   Gas can be 3 times what it was one year ago and not a significant loss of demand. market definitely trained to buy the dips at this point.  continues to be a very trending market.  most days finish on the intraday high or low. Pira told the boys to hedge jv and cal 2 and the impact has been significant.  i quote bids on term strips 5 times a day.   understand they are changing their view somewhat tomorrow.  wait and see if it relieves some back pressure.  very surprised at lack of spec long interest in jv at 4.5 considering the scenario that's being painted. 
 Andy: Just a couple of quick items that need to be addressed.  First, what happens if the delta of the option is greater than the size of the hedge offered on EOL?  Second, what strike are straddles traded at.  Are they set at the nearest 5 cent interval or are they mid-market of the EOL quote? 
 Thanks for taking me in last night.  Sorry about being drunk and stinky. My cab, that we called at 6:10, showed up at 7:02.  I was so pissed. 
 Dutch: The increase in position and subsequent position limit violation was due to two factors.  First, a long position was moved into the long-term exotics book due to the nature of the position.  I am currently using the ltx to hold longer-term strategic positions.  The large increase in position is a reflection of my view of the market. Second, a large customer transaction originated by Fred Lagrasta's group was transacted at the end of the day Monday and was not able to be hedged until this morning.  Hence a large position increase occurred for yesterday's position and a corresponding decrease occurred today. John 
 call me if you're in town this weeekend 
 nope...your loss though 
 Hey: Any good set of 4 available for Sunday's game 
 are you sure...have you ever been to bon coupe before don't knock it till tou try it 
 2 options: Either we leave from work and you watch me get a haircut for 20 minutes or... I pick you up around 6:30... 
 Hello... Despite my thoughts, you like baseball.   So the question is do you like art (as in musuems)  ? I'm leaning towards yes but don't know for sure. 
 Hello: It is the Blue Men Group.  Two friends highly recommend it.  It's in the Astor Theatre on Lafayette in the Village. 43rd should be good.  I think you woul dhave had more flavor in Harlem though 
 Please approve Larry May for a trader id on EOL for "pipe options" book for US gas. Thanks, John 3-3230 
 Andy: This past weekend we released a new version  of the EOL software that, unfortunately, had a bug.  The effect was to lengthen the time delay between numbers changing and when they would show up on the internet to an unacceptable level that increased the number of failed trades.  We made the decision to take some of the more volatile products temporarily offline until the fix could be made.  I do not anticipate this to be a concern going forward.  Thanks for the feedback. John Arnold 
 Please approve. 
 i am free to talk this afternoon if you want 
 call me when you get this 
 I am changing the way the curve is generated starting in Jan 2004 to better replicate seasonal fundamentals.  There are convincing arguments as to why the summer/winter spreads should tighten over time.  However, in the previous methodology they blew out.  For instance summer/winter in Cal 3 was .232 while Cal 10 was .256. I have added a seasonality dampening function that both contracts the summer/winter spread and applies a premium to the electric load demand months of July and August over time.  The formula for the curve remains the same except for a premium lookup for the month as well as for the year.  These premiums are as follows:  Jan  -.008 Feb -.004 Mar -.001 Apr .002 May .003 Jun .004 Jul .004 Aug .004 Sep .003 Oct .002 Nov -.003 Dec -.006   These premiums start in Jan 2004 On Wednesday Jan 2003 settled 2.959,  the 3/4 spread was marked at .0375, the 4/5 spread was marked at .0475. In the old methodology Jan 2003  = 2.959 Jan 2004  = 2.959 + .0375 = 2.9965 Jan 2005  =          2.9965 + .0475 = 3.044   In the new methodology Jan 2003  = 2.959 Jan 2004  = 2.959 + .0375 - .008 =2.9885 Jan 2005  = 2.9885 + .0475 -.008 = 3.028  The only change in the formula is from: Month x = Month (x- 1 year) + lookup on year on year table to Month x = Month (x- 1 year) + lookup on year on year table + lookup on month premium table  The seasonality premiums will change over time and I will let you know when I change them 
 I am free at 3:30 on Thursday at my desk. 
 sounds good 
 My brother was coming back from London to go so I went out and paid a fortune from a scalper for two....   I really do appreciate it though.. 
 club seats extra wide extra leg room  extra waitresses 
 I'm always here so just coordinate with my assistant, Ina Rangle.   Thanks, John 
 sec 222  row 2 
 7:00 game can you let me know tomorrow?? 
 lyle lovett national anthem nolan ryan first pitch dwight gooden first real pitch 
 Hello: I just wanted to arrange to meet for the Astros tickets. I work and live downtown. My cell phone number is 713-557-3330. Thanks, John 
 i just had the whole it staff up here.  I just got two good tickets to Thursday's Astros/Yankees game 
 hey: when are you back in town?? 
 Hey : Just wanted to see if you're doing anything tonight... Any interest in getting dinner? John 
 Please grant Steven Vu execution privileges on EOL John Arnold 
 Pleas approve Tricia's request to become an authorized EOL trader 
 isn't market making on electronic systems fun??? 
 ok 
 maine impossible to get to ..    next idea? 
 maine impossible to get to...next option? 
 mark: what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline? 
 most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 yea 
 most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 huh? 
 most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 come by whenever 
 best GUESS P&L tonight is +7 
 don't make me type the math on the computer pooks 
 probability   * payout = 1 heads         .5  0 = 0 tails  2 heads        .25  1  = .25 tails  3 heads     .125  2 = .25 tails  4 heads   .0625  4 = .25 tails  5 heads .03125  8 = .25 
 i think it's 100 
 Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 * 8+.... = 0       +.25  +.25 +.25 +.25  +... = infinity 
 i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks 
 no 
 yes 
 are you prepared to defend your answer? 
 me thinks you missed a 9 
 have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good? 
 get lost 
 fill in $ _____ per/share 
 and your offer? 
 rules to a game: You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you $1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?  what you charge me play against you?) 
 no crap, what's your bid? 
 i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day.  please advise earlier next time. 
 Kim: I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business. 
 Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work, 
 For extra credit.... If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more, does your answer change? 
 you dont like my ideas 
 you in town this weekend? 
 yes 
 i'll pay a grand total of 0 
 newport?? 
 199.99+ $18 o/n shipping = 217.99  Visa 4128 0033 2341 1978 exp 8/02  shipping and billing address : John Arnold 909 Texas Ave #1812 Houston, TX 77002 713-557-3330 
 Russell: Just fyi, they're willing to take us for 20 years. 
 i think the velocity of the down move will be much less severe from here. still dont think this is equilibrium.  need to see aga coming in lower than expectations for a couple weeks signaling that we've moved down the demand curve.  think a lot of spec shorts are looking to take profits as we get close to the psychological 400 target.  market needs producer selling to get us through there.  have seen some as williams is starting to hedge barrett : hence the weakness in the back of the curve recently.  still going lower but it will be a tougher move from here. 
 maybe they're for more sophisticated palates 
 Alan: I received your email.  I'll make sure it goes through the proper channels. It may help if you give specific positions that interest you most as Enron is such a big place, it will help focus the resume to the right people. John 
 Hot like wasabi when I bust rhymes Big like Leann Rimes Because I'm all about value 
 it's an aquired taste 
 i couldnt do it.  it took 13 minutes for my alarm to wake me up. 
 is there a password or just knowing the address 
 i'm just kidding.  i'm getting a haircut from 530-600.  i'll call you when i get out. 
 you i guess. 
 drinks on tickleknees if you do 
 maybe we need a closer in that seat 
 how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it. 
 is that with or without two snoozes? 
 I almost forget about your debt, but then your BMW 315ia reminded me of it. 
 wanna get sauced after work? 
 Jennifer: I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it primarily pertains to our views of the market.  I would speak in such generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview. John 
 that night i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.  as opposed to ???? 
 i guess i have to keep my 395 price target.  just nothing bullish in the near term except crude.  and that's not enough now.  need to get to a new price regime to pick up more demand quickly. 
 none 
 your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at this level though. 
 only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market.  call chris gaskill to get the password. 
 will see you there (most probably) 
 Hey Adam: sorry for the delay.  just been very busy.  congrats on joining enron.  think you made the right chioce.  i would recommend structuring.  it's a good way to understand how enron works, how we look at and manage risk, and you get close to the trading component.  a friend of mine, ed mcmichael runs the gas structuring group.  try emiling him probably at emcmich@enron.com.  keep in touch, john 
 this is my idea of vacation... 
 Hello: I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural gas.  Can you please make sure the link is updates. Thanks, John 
 yes i will 
 do you know what my user id and password are? 
 i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i 
 absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it.  call chris gaskill and he should be abl to help. 
 Jeff: To explain the P&L of -349,000  : We executed the trade when you gave the order (the delta anyway), first thing in the morning.  The market rallied 8 cents from the morning, with the back rallying about 2.5 cents.  On 904 PV contracts, curve shift was -226,000. The balance, $123,000,  is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid, which I think is pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and vol.  Cal 3 straddles, for instance, are $1.39 / $1.45.  Looking out for you bubbeh: John 
 almost forgot about you.... will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders. 
 no 
 Stranger: Any interest in getting a drink or dinner Tuesday?  havent seen you in forever. 
 Stephanie: Please set up Mike Maggi for trding on Intercontinental Exch. Thanks, John 
 my email as far as i know is jarnold@enron.com.  not on msn though. i made space for your 8 people as well as ferries, roberts, and the other person (??) you requested.  Come down tomorrow and i'll show you the layout again. john 
 can you take care of this... 
 Jean: I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further.... thanks for the article. john 
 would like to meet to review to make sure i understand.  may only take a couple minutes.  are you free at 330 on tuesday? 
 remind jim how the h/j/k spread acted this year.  granted it won't behave that way again until close to expiry, but i like the j/k outright much moreso than the condor. 
 can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.  I have a personal favor to ask them. john 
 pookie: check this out: www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html 
 212 836 5030 
 kimberly: any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite? 
 welcome to the world of electronic market making. ..      it's fun ,huh? 
 sure 
 may be looking to sell some naked calls soon.  can you check that i would be approved to sell 200 of either 65 or 70's expiring somewhere between jul-jan. also, if i sell naked calls with a tenor of more than one year that expire worthless, do the gains get counted as LT cap gains? 
 sure, how about thursday at 3:30?   would like to get update on ENE's lng projects as well.   Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   04/24/2001 07:28 AM 
 my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15 
 are we first?  if not, when does the road show start and/or when does the basic theme get distributed around the industry? 
 1.   don't know.  some industrial shutdown is not gas price dependent.  some will not come back at the same prices it went off.  residential conservation i think is underestimated and has a severe lag effect that will not come back as prices fall.  as far as switching i dont think #2 is the floor some people think it is.  maybe #6 is the floor. 2.  you know my outlook for xh,  with slightly above normal weather jan goes out at 2.75 and that is not constrained by a #6 floor.  next jv, too far away to really run the numbers but think natty reestablishes itself as a $2.50-3.50 commodity. 3. the obvious 4. yes.  believe if we end at 2.6 in the ground, the current nymex forward curve may be fairly priced.  my belief is that at the current prices we will end up with much more than 2.6 and that $5 is not value if we have 2.8 in the ground and gaining y on y.  circular argument that leads to my belief that prices must fall. 5.  not necessarily.  will loss of demand with normal weather cancel the fact that there will be much less demand destruction.  probably. 
 can you send jean a list of her seat numbers 
 thanks a lot 
 awfully close...... 
 yes 
 yep 
 fuck you 
 do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight? 
 Hello, I noticed you carried several of the 98 Zoom Zins.  Any chance you have the 33 year old vines version?  Please advise, John 
 you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form?  no way. 
 Mike: Please resend the forms needed although I may have sent the necessary docs with the courier that delivered the check.  Do not believe we've seen the worst yet.  Will not be looking to put more money to work on the long only side for a while.  Even with the rally today I do not believe we've seen the worst yet. 
 Please send it to me. john 
 jeanie: i really need the docs on both phantom stock and options. please please please  john 
 http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=708178 1&mid=11711 
 7:2 at 2:1 
 That's what I'm talking ABOUT !!!! 
 mike: just want to confirm you received my money and forms. also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts. john 
 the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight 
 fuck you 
 i'll take 10:1 this morning 
 schedule 30 min to sit down with me either mon or tues after 430.  if you want to get info, sending out an email survey is not the right way.  much easier to respond to a question in voice rather than typing it out. 
 eat my shorts 
 fuck you 
 Is it possible to reschedule the commercial meeting from Wednesday. Wednesday is the busiest day of the week for the gas floor.   Please advise, John 
 fuck you 
 fuck you 
 i dont remember if we fixed these yet. 
 the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1. that's all the juice i'll pay. 
 Average volume is 35,000-40,000 on nymex of which about half is spreads.  So around 20,000 outrights trade.  We trade more than that on EOL.  Today's conditions 1000 lot market would be 3-4 cents wide.  have executed trades as large as 10,000 across a longer term and 1000 lot clips in the front frequently. 
 Dave: I need a favor.  I'm trying to create an internal only Cal 2002 product for our power guys. Product controls is saying it will take  a week from monday to get it created.  any way to speed it up? 
 the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not convinced this rally in products is different. 
 what kind of odds.   the market is saying it's 8:1 chance.  I'm saying there is a much better chance than that.  i think it's 2:1 
 2.75 ... but yea 
 may = 495  the rest is the same 
 Errol: I did not write up these access trades from Friday.  Please make sure they are in. John 
 looks good to me.  have you sent for materials yet? 
 i went to get the tix this morn and couldnt get them.  i'll probably go to dinner.   sorry 
 australia definitely sounds cool.  might be a little tough though. i'd be in for keemah if you want to do that 
 http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/msgframe.asp 
 yes 
 fuck you 
 hey: just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out anything??? 
 what time did you get in? 
 Took the wrong checkbook to work Friday.  Will call your courier on Monday hopefully. John 
 what's your view of crude from here over next 1-4 weeks? 
 agree 
 good to me.  get prices for the different types of rooms 
 got tix for tonight 
 assume we're driving the 328 up to mom this friday after work 
 assuming we're driving the car to dallas tomorrow after work... 
 liz: are the diamonds still available for tonight's game? 
 yea they were doing spoofs on the rules of business.  i'll tell you about it later.  kind of funny.   however, it took 2 hours for 30 seconds of film 
 arrive some time friday night. leave some time sunday. 
 do you still have the magazine and if so can you send it to me? 
 i read this as though 1.5 bcf/d of more switching takes place in the summer versus today.  is that because of the forward curves are backwardated for 2 and contango for natty? 
 Mike: Two questions regarding fees: 1.  What will you charge for placement fee on a 750,000-1,000,000 type investment into the hedge funds? 2.  I understand your cost structure is a little higher than Fidelity. However, I was charged over $1,000 on my option trade for a transaction that Fidelity charges $147.50.  Is there any justification?  Please understand that my basis for developing an account with Paine Webber is dependent upon an agressive fee structure.  I don't want to see my above-market returns compromised by high fees. Thanks, John 
 planning on going.  which night are you inviting guys for?  also, heard there were some issues about contract negotiations.  don't know specifics but if you want to discuss give me a call.  might be able to mediate this a little bit  if you want. 
 good to hear.  met john galperin today.  give me a call soon to  dicuss how to most effectively use the line. 
 please add 
 maybe.  hydro situation dire in west.  think water levels are at recent historical lows.  problem is from gas standpoint, west is an island right now.  every molecle that can go there is.  so will provide limited support to prices in east.  hydro in east is actually very healthy.  would assume your markets are targeting eastern u.s. so i dont know if hydro problem in west is that relevant. 
 i talked to fred today.  i think he's in so lets assume it's a go.   when is the last day to cancel and get our money back? 
 no actually i was here until 700  ... filming a movie 
 unfortunately, mathematical analysis of skew is extremely hard to do.  the question is why does skew exist and does the market do a proper job of correcting for violations of the black scholes model.  in my mind, there are three big reasons for skew.  one is that the assumption of stochastic volatility as a function of price level gets violated.  commodities tend to have long range trading ranges that exist due to the economics of supply and elasticity of the demand curve.  nat gas tends to be relatively stable when we are in that historical pricing environment.  however, moving to a different pricing regime tends to bring volatility.  an options trader wants to be long vol outside the trading range, believing that a breakout of the range leads to volatility while trying to find new equilibrium.  supports a vol smile theory.  in addition, in some commodities realized vol is a function of price level.  nat gas historically is more volatile at $5 than at $4 and more volatile at $4 than $3.  thus there has been a tendency for all calls to have positive skew and all puts except weenies to have negative skew.  the market certainly trades this way as vol has a tendency to come off in a declining market and increase in a rising market.  to test, regress 15 day realized vol versus price level and see if there is any correlation. second reason is heptocurtosis, fatter tails than lognormal distribution predicts.  supports vol smile theory.  easy to test how your market compares by plotting historical one day lognormal returns versus expected distribution. third, is just supply and demand.  in a market where spec players are bearish, put skew tends to get bid as vol players require more insurance premium to add incremetal risk to the book.  if you have a neutral view towards market, or believe that market will come off but in an orderly fashion, enron can take advantage of our risk limits by selling more expensive insurance.  crude market tends to have strong put skew and weak call skew as customer business in options is nearly all one way: producer fences.  if you believe vol is stochastic in the region of prices where the fence strikes are, can be profitable to take other side of trade. if you want to discuss further give me a call 4-6 pm houston time.  hope this helps, john 
 Congrats, thought you were headed to aig.  how long til you get to short natty again? 
 txu buy 200 u @5255 
 are you in for the game? 
 i've realized i'm too old to stay up til 1 on a school night 
 no not necessarily... just sick of her at the moment, 
 i may have some u2 tix for tonight,   wanna go? 
 you think that's a valid excuse?   whatever.... 
 you're right though...it seems like bo and i are always on the opposite side of each other. 
 fyi : bo is a big put buyer and fence seller today.  though he is trying to defend j. 
 In regards to gas: what signals do you for in determining your view? what resources do you use to formulate a price view? give example of complex transaction you've structured for a customer. where is storage now relative to history? what is the highest and lowest level we've been at in past 5 years? what are your short, medium, and long term views of gas market? what major basis changes have occured in the market over the past 5 years? What do you expect in the next 5? how should a storage operator decide whether or not to inject on any given day?  In regards to derivatives in order of difficulty What are delta/gamma/theta? if you buy a put spread, is your delta positive, negative, or zero? Is swap price equal to simple average of futures contracts? If interest rates go up what happens to option prices all else equal? what is the value of a european $1 call expiring in 12 months if corresponding futures are trading $5? what happens to delta of an option if volatility increase? 
 Ina: Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners in regards to what we discussed this week 
 thanks 
 I understand you are out of one of the wines.  Please fill remaining order. thanks, john 
 Wow, what a week so far.  Beauty of a short squeeze early on.  Even some of the biggest bears I know were covering to reestablish when the market lost its upward momentum.  Unfortunately, my boat is too big to play that way. Takes too long to put the size of the position I manage on or off to play that game.  just had to sit back and take my lumps. couldnt have been a more bearish aga # in my opinion.  got one more decent one and then watch out below.  amazing that we've had more demand destruction recently.  the economy is the 800 pound gorilla that is sitting on nat gas and it aint getting up. 
 As long as I own Enron stock, the desks are my colleagues.  Feel free to share the info with Hunter and Chris.     Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 03/26/2001 03:45 PM 
 Kim: Can I get  4 tix for the following games: Apr 21 or 22 vs. St Louis Jun 15 vs Texas Jun 17 vs Texas Thanks, John 
 thanks, i'll check it out 
 use 380 
 http://gasfundy.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 will call you tonight 
 where are you getting those numbers? 
 yes i dont know.  both have their merits 
 Mike: which one of the hedge funds closes today? 
 yea,  i think the two dumps in the market are when everybody realizes the loss of demand, which is in the first 4 inj numbers.  customer buying and fear about the summer will keep may at a decent level.  if my theory holds, eventually that wont be enough to hold the market up and m pukes.  second puke is in the winter when 4th quarter production is 4-5% on y/y basis, demand still weak (economic weakness isn't a 3 month problem), industry realizes that not only is it ok to get to 500-700 bcf in march but you should, and early winter weather will not match 2000.  we develop large y/y surplus in x and z.  z futures hold up because some risk premium still exists for rest of winter.  by late december, just trying to find a home for gas. think decent chance f futures finish with a 2 handle. 
 just when i'm turning really bearish you're starting to turn bullish on me. weather to me relatively unimportant.  yes, it will leave us with 30 bcf or so less in storage than if we had mild weather.  i think it is masking a major demand problem.  think what the aga numbers would be with moderate weather.  when we get into injections, i think we'll see a big push down. spec and trade seem bearish but hesitant to get short.  customer buying still strong.  thus even with the demand picture becoming clearer, we haven't moved down.  however i think when the picture becomes clearer (i.e.-when we start beating last year's injections by 20 bcf a week), trade will get short. customers very unsophistocated.  the story they keep telling us is we're coming out 400 bcf less than last year, thus the summer has to be strong. when we start inj, customers will start seeing other side of story.  pira finally came out this week and said stop buying.  to me, the mrkt just a timing issue.  i want to be short before the rest of the idiots get short.  i continue buying m,f puts.  projecting k to settle 450 and m 400. 
 We ahave not initiated a 24/7 gas product yet but are creating the capabilities to launch at some point in the near future 
 hey podner: where are you buying me dinner tonight? 
 maybe a drink after work... 
 please add 
 confirm 
 Hey: Recounted...Can I get 50-60 invites and would need formal invites for Friday?????? 
 yes but getting haircut until 700.  is it too dark then? 
 sure 
 how bout today at 400 
 Do you have interest in having a semi formal party at the guggenheim for our ny counterparties?  was thinking it might be a good pr move. 
 seeing no increase in physical demand from industrials.  however, they cant= =20 buy enough paper.  energy customer deal flow has a conspicuous habit of=20 buying high and selling low.  seeing virtually no producer selling.  strip= =20 will continue to be well supported through early spring.  last year custome= rs=20 sold all the way up, transferring their price risk to marketers and specs. = =20 market for most part was very orderly move up during the summer.  volatilit= y=20 was in the pukes because everybody was long.  now, customers are all buying= . =20 move down should be orderly as is met with a lot of short covering from tra= de=20 and volatility should come from short covering moves like today's. =20 market waiting to see those first two injection numbers.  if we are beating= =20 last year by 20 bcf, lights out.  move down may also scare producers to do= =20 some term selling, putting pressure on whole curve. =20 
 Stinson: Can we do the meeting today at 4:00? 
 Debbie: If you have availability for either session, please sign me up.  I was unsu= re=20 I would be able to attend until now, hence the late notice. Thanks, John 
 i rsvp 
 Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term. As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis. 
 Andy: Good to hear.  There continue to be a proliferation of new systems coming online in the US; two more start in the next two months.  We are pretty close to finalizing a plan to open our system to everyone in terms of accepting limit orders and posting best bid/offer regardless of whose it is.  In this framework, Enron would sleeve credit for free should two third parties be matched on our system.  However, we would hold the book, getting to see what everyone was doing at all times.  The idea is that if we can move the industry's order flow from 30-40% EOL to 60% EOL, we get a huge information advantage in addition to a couple trading advantages, namely we have first priority on all numbers even if we are joining a limit bid posted by a counterparty before us and second, we posess a proprietary stack manager that will allow us to transact on attractive limit orders faster than our competitors.  Still working on technical issues.  The decision to open EOL markets would be done on a product by product basis.  Give me a call if you want to discuss. 
 heffner how? was pretty long coming into today just playing the range.  sold everything = on=20 the way up.  will be s scale up seller probably through options.  certainly= a=20 short squeeze in trade today and i don;t think anything changes tomorrow=20 except maybe trade gets more confident in the short at the higher level and= =20 if cash rejects higher prices. =20 will be buying lots of puts on the way up so i guess for me vol is not too= =20 high.  i was short vol and covered it all this morn.  think we could be in= =20 for some turbulence here 
 wanna bring me back to work?    Matthew Arnold  03/19/2001 03:25 PM 
 just got it today.   thanks 
 you'll be happy to know i get my car back today 
 dinner this week?  i'm free mon-wed 
 that's fine     Heather Alon 11/01/2000 12:59 PM 
 On Friday, will there be a private reception or area for us or will our customers get lost in the crowd? Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday.  Is that ok? 
 remove me from your email list 
 cash goes out trading +1 to +3  j/k a piece 
 i have a very pretty back of the head  cash went out around 2-4 back yesterday. today it is 3 back right now bo trying to sell j/k at 4.5 on the open 
 so argument more switching than outright lost demand?    where are petro prices on a comparable equivalence? 
 heffner a little bullish, eh? 
 agree with contango story .   cash to futures pretty bullish but a picture where agressive inj now are bearish later.  so curve should flatten.  also back of curve (cal2,3) under a lot of pressure now.  customers will be buying all the way down and will get fucked just like last year.  contango has been under considerable pressure even with the front falling...any rally should result in those snapping in to 4.  good scalp in my opinion. definitely seeing your side on the $5 level.  surprised we havent gotten more demand back as we sit at these lower levels. off to cabo today for a long weekend.  kind of exhausted at work right now so a much needed break. 
 houston would be easy    ireland kinda tough 
 yep 
 Dave: Can you do the same printout today of children for product #33076 Thanks John 
 71 
 Sorry, have no idea. 
 very funny today...during the free fall, couldn't price jv and xh low enough on eol, just kept getting cracked.  when we stabilized, customers came in to buy and couldnt price it high enough.  winter versus apr went from +23 cents when we were at the bottom to +27 when april rallied at the end even though it should have tightened theoretically.  however, april is being supported just off the strip.  getting word a lot of utilities are going in front of the puc trying to get approval for hedging programs this year. 
 what are you doing tonight? 
 what are you doing tonight 
 how about benjys? 
 just a vicious rumor... my birthday's not till next year. 
 it was almost worth buying a ticket 
 thanks 
 67 
 confused... what are you disagreeing with me in regards to demand destruction? 
 i think jv strip prices to where we price out enough demand to get to 2.8. whther that price level is 425 or 725 is arguable.  i think it's close to here.  but when we get to november and we have 2.8 and don;'t repeat the weather of this past winter and we have 2.5 bcf more supply and people realize that we have 2.3 bcf to withdraw before there are any problems...bombs away. 
 http://sokolin.com/1998's.htm  1998 monbousquet 
 any reaction to this? 
 i dont know   sounds good to me 
 i loved them in that i thought they were going to go up...i think they still might  3 weeks ago  now short term very bullish  neutral medium term neutral   neutral longer term neutral   bearish 
 What it's trading  what I think it's really worth apr oct   540    500 nov mar 547    375 cal 2  491    400 cal 3   460    325  Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years. 
 it just wasn't the same without you.   how was el doritos? 
 theres only one thing i can think of...   storage field turning around gives cash market completely different feel.   instead of utilities looking to sell gas everday, they look to buy it.  huge difference in feel of mrket.  not so much actual gas but completely different economics of how marginal mmbtu gets priced.  tightening cash market causes cash players to buy futures... hence the tendency for a spring rally every year.  read heffner today...even he talks about it 
 no real bias today  positive numbers sell negative numbers buy... looking into other stuff 
 Hard to believe , huh 
 I ordered 3 different things...I thought your "wine inventory listings are updated DAILY" ??? 
 Not impressive 
 yes...please change griffith to trading. thanks, john 
 probably because jeff's out,, but let's go ahead and have it 
 dinner or drinks tonight? 
 So my point shown a little bit right now..  Weather a little cooler for this week.  Overall normal for 6-10.  JV up 12 cents.  Think just as customers got totally fucked last year selling into the rally, they are going to buy all the way down.  Differnence is last year trade very happy to take in all the length.  This year trade not ready to get really short.  Not until healthy inj in April anyways.   I think money from here will be made being short, just question of what and when.  Think there'll be enough hedging demand to keep curve very strong unless phys market just totally rejects price level. With amount of inj capacity available, hard to believe phys market is going to dictate prices for next couple months.  I think it will be spec and hedgers dictating.  Spec staying on sidelines right now and hedgers buying. Leads to more upside potential in short term. My point in V/X was that jv would be strong and cal2 hedging was from sell side leading to pressure on those spreads.  The california term power sales have totally changed that.  Before, the only thing customers were selling was cal 2.  Now, customer interest much more from buyside in cal 2,3 solely from california.  Now turning neutral v/x and x/z.  You have very valid points. i like q/v more though.  I think you could have 10 cents of upside in that with little downside.  Thoughts? 
 very interesting.... i've been looking for new activities.  maybe i was born to be a knight 
 so according to your analysis, had we been at $2.5 gas and we were not bordering on a recession, we would have had the highest AGA number of recorded history for this week, last week, or next week by 15 bcf?  seems a little far fetched to me.  Our analysis is saying: gas at 2.50 we would have had 4.5 bcf a day more demand.  that includes commercial residential industrial switching processing... as far as 2 bcf/d  power gen demand- that counts the fact that last year was extremely mild versus expectation of normal summer this year, west will be running every gas unit virtually all hours as power demand is growing maybe 5% still and hydro way down.  every molecule that can will flow west from waha this summer versus little last year.  east power prices really havent reached point of priceing out demand and heat rates healthy enough to where gas can go up without raising power prices to cut demand.  some concern of more efficient replacing less but hard to quantify.  we're trying to build the stack now to estimate. frac margins now positive for all but most inefficient processors.  will continue coming back.  a little concerned about 2 oil prices.  bordering right there now for places like florida and actually saw fl demand rise 100,000 last week as gas got to parity. let me look into inj capability.  definitely bigger when field is empty from engineering standpoint so any problems really wont arise until fall when gen demand low and inj capacity lower...my initial thoughts. bo seems as neutral as everyone else in the market right now.  really inactive. to clarify, not raging bull.  i like everybody want to see what the inj numbers in april look like.  nobody putting a position on until that starts to clarify.  just think that hedging demand is making market a little short right now making next move up more likely.  would be scale up seller though not really sure why cash trades at 10-15 back.  doesnt make any sense. however as more fields start turning around throughout month, the stg arb to great in my opinion to keep spread there.  must close one way or the other. notice that spread tightened to 6-8 towards end of trading friday? in general think that gas is reaching the elasticity stage right here.  50 cents lower and no switching, no processing, and gain back some demand. market needs to see some big stg numbers first. i think the best play right now is to start buying longer  term put spreads. Jan 4/3.5 look great to me.  if we get back to 2.8 and don't match last year's early weather, bombs away. 
 Are you around next Tuesday? 
 I think you need to check your AGA model.  7.2 bcf/d seems awfully high. That's saying that had gas been at $2.5, the AGA for the week would have been 151.  Look at the AGA history for last week, this week and next week.  94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 3rd week of Feb  -64 -46 -64 -63 -77 -97 -136 -81 4th week of Feb  -132 -118 -62 -76 -47 -128 -74 -101 1st week of Mar  -27 -132 -118 -57 -54 -69 -37 ??  Do you really think the # would have been 151 with no demand destruction?  It wasn't even really cold.  That would have been the highest AGA # of the three weeks by 15 bcf. Our guys are thinking 4.5 bcf/d.  Pira is saying that Feb as a whole averages 3.5-4 bcf/d. That's just destruction and does not include new production, if any.  Further Pira estimates that March destruction will be about half of Feb.  Assuming that gets to equilibrium:  2 bcf/d demand destruction, 2 bcf/d more production, 2 bcf/d more gas generation demand.  Start with a 400 b deficit and 200 injection days gets you to flat against last years storage in current price environment.   I think we are fairly priced fundamentally, but with huge customer imbalance for hedging from buy side, surprises in the market right now are to the upside in my view.  Course hard to imagine $6 for J.   Just sell vol. 
 are you free at 3:00 today to go over the aga model? 
 i think this is the biggest chopfest in nat gas history.  scale up seller, scale down buyer. reviewing my aga model and assumptions later today.  i'll see if i have any new inspirations. 
 ok. i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business. 
 maybe cal 2. 
 freak show. cash started -7 then to -15 then -7 ended -15. 
 freak show.   started at -7.  went to -15 then -7 then finishing out -15 
 industrial demand the scary thing.  no question there are some steel mills and auto factories and plastics plants that were on last november that arent coming up now and its not due to gas prices.  the economy sucks and it will affect ind demand. 
 my polling location is the knights of columbus hall.  what exactly is a knight of columbus? 
 94 
 Ina: Can you get this paid on a rush basis? thanks,john 
 but that's my point.  the demand destruction roared its ugly head beginning of Jan.  The price level was $9.  Of course there is a lag.  Let's make up a lag time...say one month.   On Dec 1 cash was trading $6.70.  Probably a similar lag on the way down.  Cash is $5.20 today.  How much lost demand will there be in a month if we're still $5.2?   million dollar question if you can answer that. 
 Forgot, I'm leaving town tomorrow afternoon.  Will be back Thursday morn. We'll do it some other time. 
 Good to hear from you. After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the risk/reward play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and generator buying would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in price in H, the strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest. i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2 bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching, full liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric generation demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around 1.5 bcf/d greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2 bcf/d out of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start really losing demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about recession in industrial sector thats occuring right now. Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go. 
 Would prefer a stand alone button as sometimes the problem is I can't operate stack manager.  I need the ability to force everybody out of the website so people don't try to click numbers that are old.  On a similar topic, what's the status of the out of credit message?  Still a very frustrating problem for both counterparties and me.  Do I need to follow up with Bradford about lowering sigma?  Grab me Thursday afternoon to talk. 
 true 
 i'm free all week right now. prefer early in the week 
 where's the site that i can sell my vote? 
 How about drinks at 5:30 on Thursday.   I try not to interrupt work with personal business. 
 Who cares?????? 
 He just rescheduled to Wednesday.   How about dinner on Wednesday after that ? 
 not really...  already have plans on thursday .  are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday? 
 Just a reminder about drinks Monday night.. 
 yes i did 
 Appreciate the opportunity to listen in.  I was unable to view the slide show though.  Can you either email or mail it to me. Thanks, John 
 Michael: Thanks for putting the paperwork together.  I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now.  Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me to invest in Home Depot, Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable.  The above services provide no value to me personally.  If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P, I'd listen.  John 
 i didn't say you couldnt come down.   just not to expect much 
 Kim: 2 tix for Rent this Sat night will be waiting for you at will call at the theatre.  Bring ID. If you have any problems call the ticket agency at 212 302 1643 or me at 713 557 3330. Have fun, John 
 i'll call 
 Monday it is 
 Are you free for drinks either Monday or Wednesday? 
 that's not nice 
 I think so in a month or so.  Problem now is that there is so much customer buying on any pullbacks and selling on rallies that the market, with such a flat curve, is going nowhere.  That will change, but it's going to take a while.  I like it eventually. 
 Andy: Enjoyed meeting with you.  One more thing I did not address.  My ultimate goal is to move all volume to EOL.  However, in addition to the NYMEX, we have about 6 other viable electronic trading systems.  We make it a point to never support these if possible.  We will only trade if the other system's offer is at or greater than our bid.  For instance, if we are 6/8 but have a strong inclination to buy and another system is at 7, I will simultaneously lift their 7's and move my market to 7/9.  The lesson the counterparty gets is he will only get the trade if I'm bidding 7 and he will only get executed when it is a bad trade to him.  People have learned fairly quickly not to leave numbers on the other systems because they will just get picked off.  If they don't post numbers on the other systems, the systems get no liquidity and die.  I mention this because I have heard that Enron is a fairly large trader on Spectron's system.  I don't know whether it is in regards to gas, power, or metals.  Just something to think about and maybe talk about with the other traders. John 
 Thank you. 
 Michael: Appreciate the idea.  However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to really trade around the position.  I believe ENE will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium. I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy.  To that regards, I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls.  I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.  Please look into that for me. John. 
 Looks good except for settlement period.  Industry standard and for ease to Enron, a spread trade is treated as two separate trades.  Therefore, there will be two settlement periods for the respective legs of the transaction. The file below states settlement period is 5 days after both legs have been set.  Please change to 2 settlement periods, 5 days after each respective leg has been set. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 careful...i'm having another bad day 
 We've started breaking out separate P&L's.  It's been a very difficult process so far for a number of reasons.  The last processes will be separating out the P&L on the executive reports and on VAR. That will happen this week.  Meanwhile, the P&L will be retroactive to the start of the year and we are going through all the positions such that the total skew is zero or an adjustment will be made to get it there.   At the end of the year there will be a number next to Maggi's name that he will not dispute.  His contribution to the fixed side when I'm on vacations or in meetings will continue to be a subjective process. 
 We will open EOL 4-7 on Monday for everyone's trading pleasure. 
 both.   i have it on dutch's machine just in case something ever pops up but it rarely does 
 Andy: Can you remove ICE from mine and Mike Maggi's computer. Also, do we have a list of who has it installed.  I hate supporting our competition. John 
 I would do that.  I tried calling but got your voicemail.  Try me at 713 853 3230 
 Ina: Can you get a small drink refrigerator for the office stocked with: Water (lots) Diet Coke Coke Dr. Pepper Diet Pepsi Various Fruit Drinks  Thanks, John 
 Please change as indicated 
 Will change 
 i'll check 
 Don't even think you're getting out of this with the "for a while" crap. Just for that you can add a star to the place we're going. 
 Yesterday, Aquilla sold March at 5.77 and 5.76 for HeHub.  Please change it to Nymex 
 it's one of those theoretically great trades, but those don't always work. Still, I'll put it on and win 7 times out of 10.  just so hard for the market to rally the backwardation is so weak. can easily see h going under if no weather appears. 
 i am free for drinks after work but have dinner plans 
 the end of the season is typically the best month to hold. Even if the first part of the summer is weak, people will be hesistant to sell the back half. Same with the winter.  That's why I'm long H2.  It has good correlation with the front on up moves and tends to hold value on the down move. 
 Liz: I have 4 tickets for Destiny's child for you.  They're pretty good seats. I'll put these on hold while I still try to get a box... John 
 Cast John Arnold Bill Perkins Dean Theriot (trainer)  Dean: What's your favorite restaurant? John: Why, are you trying to make Valentine's Day plans? Dean : No.  I'm ready.  I've already bought a Valentine's card. Bill : John's ready too.  He already has his Valentine's hickey. 
 Ina: Can you change my meeting with Sheriff's boys to Tueday after 3:00 from Monday. Also, stick me on thedistribution for the Enron press pack that has all the articles in which Enron is mentioned. Thanks 
 yea, i'll talk to them.  who should i call? 
 can you send it through lavo.  he's suppose to pay for it. thanks, john 
 imagine you have a gas well in the middle of west texas and you only have one pipeline running to your well.  the guy who owns the pipeline can fuck you because you have no choice but to flow your gas that way.  split connect means you have at least 2 options to flow your gas so the price the producer receives is more competitive and if anything happens to one pipeline you don't have  to shut your gas in because you move it to another pipe.  i'm going out with my brother and sime guys from work tonight.   are you free saturday day and night? 
 yea 
 can you change #23 and #375 to Nymex 
 can you change deal 27 (paribas) today to NYMEX from gas daily 
 hey hon: had a great time last night.  you're one ok chick. john 
 i think taking a cab is more convenient assuming we can find one on the way back. 
 i think we would rally if march were the only thing traded.  Problem is summer and on out so weak.  trade scale up seller of jv as it gets close to 600.  some customer selling in cal 2.  so h/j and j/k need to blow out because no other spread is moving.  i'm a seller of j/k so h/j needs to blow.  all other trade is scale up seller of that so it can move but slowly. it's a struggle each penny at this point.  at least one spread needs to break if we're going to run and i don't see that happening. 
 cute girlfriends....    I'm in 
 cute girlfriends....   I'm in 
 absolutely agree.  the thought is always, even if cash is piece of shit today...wait until the future.  here's my question: what is the environment whereby f/g is worth $.50.   is there a market scenario where this happens? 
 The el orbits, eh? i've heard of them but don't remember who they are. there is a chance i've seen them at satellite i guess.  my, you are nosey.  i have a little date tonight.  wanna come along? 
 we need one more good shot of cool air to ensure complete and utter chaos for the next 10 months.  hopefully this is it. you gotta love heffner...'if we take out the jan 31 low there is NO WAY anything bullish can happen' 
 split connect 
 you fucker that's my trade.   i was trying to buy nines the last 20 minutes. all i got was scraps.  50-100.  i think it's a great trade. 
 this is the move i was talking about.   v/x implicitly trading 5.5 right now because cal 2 is weak.  some sell side deal got done there but jv is strong 
 just sold 500 q/u at .05      that was the pop i'm looking for 
 you will have 4 tix.  make your plans 
 but what's a pig? 
 i think you're absolutely right about q/u.  again just a question of when to put it on.  Seems as if I'm always on the offer of that spread.  yesterday i had a 4.5 offer all day and i think i got 50 or so.  i can almost leg it better by buying winter and selling summer and the j/q spread. i would like to see it widen another penny before stepping in and i think with the weakness in the winter and relative weakness of cal 2, on any rally that could happen.  was that you on the q/u/v fly yesterday? 
 ok. 
 remove from email list 
 don't care about the front.  i think its vulnerable to a good short squeeze like we saw on thruday and friday.  trade is getting short in here with cash such a piece.  if weather ever changes, which the weather boys are saying it might in 2 weeks, the cash players are going to be big buyers.  don't really want to carry length on the way down waiting for that to happen though. Backs are crazy stong.  cal 3 traded as high as +10.  everybody a buyer as california trying to buy any fixed price energy they can find 
 he sends me his stuff... i like him because he's willing to take a stand.  so many technicians bullshit  their way "support at 5400-5600 but if it breaks that look for 5250".  if every technician put specific trades on a sheet with entry and exit points and published them every day, a lot of people would be unemployed. 
 will do 
 probably not. it would have to have a lot of upside.  never hurts to listen though 
 Mr Sturm: Due to the California power crisis, Enron Gas Trading is unable to extend sell authorization on options to Enron Power Trading.  Please call if you should desire to sell any options and credit will be extended on a trade-by-trade basis.  We apologize for any inconvience. Sincerely: John Arnold Vice President, Gas Trading Enron North America 
 Neal: Referencing Apr-Oct 5315/35 and Nov-Mar 534/536, on the following volumes I am 533/536.  Feel free to call to transact.  713-853-3230 
 no... i went with matt thurell from koch.  they've got some corporate townhouse out there.  very nice.  good to see the old days of waste aren't completely gone yet. 
 lumber 
 i actually started writing this on thursday.  got distracted and left late morning to go to Vail.  Apparently I missed a little craziness.  My point on v/x is that forward spreads, months 3/4 and back, don't necessarily trade on value, they trade on drawing a forward curve that makes equilibrium between hedging and spec demand.  Look at k/m... do you think k cash will average 3 cents above m.  i don't really see that scenario.  yet that's what it is worth because the market says jv is worth $x and to get there k/m=3.  The same argument applies to v/x.  i think this summer will be exceptionally strong as we try to inject 2 bcf/d more gas than last year.  But cal 2 will lag the move.  It's the main thing customers are selling right now because every equity analyst and even Pira are telling their customers that cal 2 will average 3.50.  so either the v/x and x/z spreads come in or f/g g/h h/j blow out.  After this winter, who in there right mind wants to buy f/g or g/h again.  my thought is that the primary juice will be h/j but v/x and x/z will be under some pressure.  i'm a seller at 9 and buyer at 5-6.  Not much in it either way though. 
 quit pressuring them    i want to sell some too.  actually sold a few at 9 on the close 
 agree guys are short h/j.  hard to see a big move with cash/futures trading flat.  agree that it has some squeeze potential though.  Started moving today as, simultaneously, march started running up and j aron won a big customer deal.  customer, maybe a hedge fund, bot 1000+ jv 450 puts.  weather frustrating me too.  a little long but it's in the backs so I haven't been hurt.  Sure would be nice to get some more weather and have this thing start going crazy again.  Seen liquids processing come back on at these levels. Would guess more than 50% has from peak.  Industrial demand different story. industrial economy just so weak that many petchems and others are burning less because of their markets, not fuel costs.  Chrystler is a prime example.   Any switching back to gas from industrial or switching back to domestic production from overseas muted by weak economy. 
 we have 4    do you want them? 
 i got 2 for tomorrow. 
 i will try to get tomorrow.  if not, is another day okay? 
 Contact Andy Rowe at 713 966 2107. They are a medium term fundamental energy player.  They have never indicated any interest in anything besides nymex or hub gas daily, but that may change.  They have interest in trading on EOL but have not gotten approval yet. 
 thank you four you're note.  i am only twelv years old so i wont bid anymore. i am sorry. 
 check with mike and dutch.  can they come any earlier? 
 you're done 
 Please respond to Jennifer 
 Andy: I just briefed Lavorato on the credit issues.  His comment was that Bradford is going through defcom 3 over California right now and to give him a week when things start to get sorted out there. John 
 Guys: We are going to run EOL on Sunday from 2-4 pm due to the big game.  Can you post a message on EOL to that respect. Thx, John 
 Greg: Somehow I talked Lavo into it.  Can you reserve your jet for this Sunday around midnight? Thanks, John 
 huh? 
 make that 450 @ 11.75 
 you bot 475 at 11.75 
 Deathly afraid doesn't even come close to describing it.  Busy tonight.  How bout tomorrow? 
 83 
 Hey: Any interest in King Biscuit after work?? 
 Gentlemen: The following champagne is available at 70% of approximate retail price. Also have interest in trading for red wine.  Retail prices derived from Spec's website or Winesearcer.com.  Wine has been stored at temperature controlled private wine storage facility.   Quan      Vintage  Wine         Retail 3  1990  Perrier Jouet Brut Fleur de Champagne  110 1  1988  Piper Heidsek Reserve    65 2  1990  Dom Perignon     125 1  1990  Veuve Cliquot Ponsardin La Grande Dame 100 1  1988  Taittenger Millesine Brut    85 1  1992  Jacquart Millesine    29 3  1990  Roederer Cristal     200  Any interest?? 
 Hey: Sorry I've taken a few days to respond.  Just the more I think about it, the worse of an idea it seems for both of us.  There is nothing good that can come of it either professionally or personally.  I still regard you as a good friend.  Nothing has changed that nor do I think we need to act weird around each other going forward.  Something I think we both wanted to try and we did.  Maybe best left there though. John 
 fine 
 Tom: My assistant spoke to Judy Smith about myself and my partner grabbing an extra seat on the jet to Tampa.  My partner and I were invited to the game by a couple of gentlemen from New York that I do business with.  Unfortunately, since I run the nat gas derivatives desk and February expiration is next Monday, the only way we could go is if the jet were coming back Sunday night.  No commercial flights would get us back in time.  Judy indicated it was fine if we caught a ride on the way back, so my contacts in NY booked the trip, including buying game tickets.  I am now hearing that you may be leaving early Sunday night.  I was just wondering if your plans had firmed up.  Obviously, it would be tremendously helpful to me if the plane were leaving after the game.  Please advise, John 
 jeff: checking to see if you're still on for dinner.   wine room at aldo's at 7:00. drinks at your place before?  john 
 cacio, try jshankm@enron.com john 
 Certainly encourage CSFP to transact all volumes with us.  If they shop the deal, everyone will front-run the volumes and they won't get a good price on the deal. Financial deals settle 5 days after the index has been published.  Physical deals settle much later.   My understanding is this is a financial deal. 
 scott: we'll do it next time you're in town. thanks, john 
 no thx i'll send them soon 
 of course.  i think you have a few favors in the bank with me. do you need 4 or 8? 
 I'll be there 
 ina telerate on my computer at home is not working.  can you get fixed? john 
 speed on eol message for monday how to move to algorithms dave or tom moran 
 i don't ask...i think he think he'll jinx it if he talks about it. 
 i said i'm a vp and run natural gas derivatives trading and she asked if she could eliminate derivatives because then she'd have to write two more sentences about what that was. 
 a couple of observations from here: cash/futures getting whacked.  whereas last weekend cash traded $1 over G, this weekend will probably trade $.15 over.  the lack of weather giving the market time to regroup.  good thing because another week of cold and the system was going to break.   certainly still has that chance in feb.  saw utilities recently staying on a verystrict withdrawal schedule and meeting any extra demand through spot market.  in effect, they said we're not withdrawing anymore so we'll buy marketers storage.  they had to encourage marketers to sell it to them, so cash was extremely strong in periods of even normal demand and should continue to be if/when any weather comes again. this week demand so low that utilities can meet demand without buying much in mkt.  g/h getting whacked in sympathy. probably priced 25 term deals through broker market  and own originators in past two days.  24 were from the buy side.  it's as if pira came in and told everyone term was cheap.  however, they've got the opposite view.  customers just seeing gas at $4 anytime as being okay now.  don't see any let up in back support for a while. front spreads the hardest call right now.  g/h h/j j/k ??? can't decide what to do with them and from the volatility in them, appears neither can anybody else.  almost think best play is taking feb gas daily against march, hoping for a cold spell that breaks the system and get a couple $20+ prints in cash.  probably as likely to happen in g as h and g/h has much less downside.  doing well here.  actually having the best month ever 11 days in.  played front short against term length.  got out of front shorts today.   probably early but gas has a history of getting off the canvas when least expected. will keep term length meanwhile.   i've hated summer backwardation forever. agree about u/h.  a little less crazy about  the trade now because i think the easy money was made over the past two days.  unbelievable spec demand for next winter over past week kept summer winter spread constant on rally up and crushed on move down.  jv/xh went from 22 to 3.5 in 5 days while front virtually unchanged.  don't know what to think of this summer longer term.  certainly not as easy as it was last summer when it was obvious $3 was not equilibrium for gas. now $6 for this summer, i don't know.  we're gonna have to inject the hell out of gas and keep some demand priced out for a long time.  but we will feel production increase hit the market.  just buy vol. 
 not me 
 Glad to hear progress is being made. I went to Vandy but a little later... 1992-5. 
 http://www.baltimoresun.com/content/cover/story?section=cover&pagename=story&s toryid=1150540202173 
 http://www.baltimoresun.com/content/cover/story?section=cover&pagename=story&s toryid=1150540202173 
 Can you put a notice on EOL that due to MLK day, we will be closed Sunday and be offering Nymex products only from 4-7 on Monday. Thanks, John 
 next Thursday at 7:00 pm 
 sorry i've taken so long...just been trying to fend off the chicks.   life is sooooo hard sometimes.    MONKEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Bubbie: You are hereby invited to the tenth annual Spectron/Enron Celebrity Tony's dinner featuring Brian Tracy, John Arnold, and Mike Maggi.   Regrets only,   John 
 please schedule a round of interviews with john griffith with scott, hunter, phillip, and tom asap (today if possible). thx 
 what's this about? 
 don't forget you owe me dinner... 
 John: I would like for you to come talk to a couple more people on the gas floor about a possible position down the road.  My assistant Ina Rangle is going to schedule a couple interviews.  Please coordinate with her. John 
 I want John to interview with the various desk heads (Scott, Hunter, Phillip, Tom).  I think I'm going to tell John not to mention the past.   It's an issue that doesn't need to be made public and as long as Lavo and myself are okay with it, I don't see the need to get individual approval from everyone. Thanks for your help, John 
 greg: what is the (correct) formula you devised for profitability on last trade is mid? 
 glad you enjoyed yourself even though you didnt get to go to ny.   maybe next year.  Had a great time in new orleans but it was freezing.  nice to get away.  going to vegas this weekend to watch the football games. love you, john 
 are you free for a drink/dinner Wednesday night? 
 Ed: I am starting options on EOL in about two weeks.  As we discussed earlier, I don't have the appropriate manpower to run this in certain circumstances, such as when I'm out of the office.  As such, I'd like to bring in John Griffith for anohter round of interviews for an options trading role with your permission. John 
 He joined the group 2 weeks ago.   Put him in my cost center. 
 take me off your mailing list 
 i'm paying you in stock options 
 take me off your mailing list 
 duke8duke 
 you must bet sugar and orange bowls 
 i was thinking about 25.  i'll sell everything on access down 15 
 if we were open today, where would you open it? 
 that info is correct. 
 i would have paid you in full Tueday morning and resigned my bookie services... 
 Torrey: Can you also approve Mike Maggi to trade crude as well.  Thanks for your help. John 
 torrey: please set me up to trade crude. John 
 fill me in.  how can i eavesdrop?? 
 very useful...thx.   keep me posted 
 thx  and have fun on vaca 
 Thanks...It just seems like all the time. 
 what is this??? 
 wish you guys were going a week earlier.  i'm going next weekend.  too much vegas is bad for the soul....and the wallet. 
 The positions went over limits due to the sale of HPL and subsequent unwind of hedges associated with the transaction.   Attempts are being made to unwind those positions currently 
 Please approve Dutch for ICE    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here is the name of an available options trader: Jeremy Sorkin VP, Deutsche Bank 713 757 9200  Would fit Enron culture, but have had little contact with him professionally. Might be worth bringing him in.   Tell me if you want me to call him. 
 sorry didnt respond to your message.   don't know how to do that instant messenger thing anymore.  volume very, very light.  most of stated volume in spreads and TAS.  No one seems to want to be in the office this week. Everyone wants to get this year over with. Keep pumping in the fundamental info.   very good stuff and i'm not getting it anywhere else. 
 asshole 
 asshole 
 the market had to get to a price whereby these guys shut down.  there is just not enough gas to allow everybody who wants to to burn it.  the elasticity of demand is in the industrial sector.  million dollar question is have we gotten to a high enough price whereby we end the year with gas in the ground and deliverability to meet a late cold snap.  shutdown of processing, distillate and resid switching, loss of industrial load...maybe we have. good holidays, john 
 Catherine: Sorry it's been so long since I could respond.  With the craziness here I am way behind on everything. #1. 3 years #2.  volume way down on exchange recently with recent volatility.  volume probably averaging 25000 these days.  EOL volume averaging around 14000. Very high percent of market.   Current market conditions shows why our transactional model of being one side of every trade is superior. #3.  good liquidity first 3 years.  okay liquidity years 4-6. #4.  calendar 2004-2008 maybe 1 trade a day.  70% chance Enron is one side. calendar 2009-2013  very rare that it trades.     Catherine Pernot@ENRON  12/01/2000 02:31 PM 
 Brian Hoskins is an analyst who rotated off the gas floor. Pete Keavey now reports to Scott Neal  My aa is Ina Rangel    Enron North America Corp. 
 i know 
 Any idea what amount of switching in gas equivalents does the implied demand of resid equate to? 
 thx 
 can you program my steno in the offices like the ones on my desk? 
 Andy: I just spoke to a guy named Neil Hanover.  He is a fund trader for a company in London.  He asked the head EOL marketer to give him a call about setting him up on the system.  Can you help? his number is 011 44 207 397 0840  john 
 please remind me 
 just called   they're on vacation for two weeks.......that sucks 
 hey: any interest in seeing cirque du soleil saturday? 
 Do you know my hr rep's name?    Jennifer Burns  10/23/2000 04:09 PM 
 pretty much all traders 
 you just might never get it back 
 No, i thought you would have known.  don't tell shank i told you.    Jennifer Burns  10/22/2000 07:24 PM 
 hey: what was the first cd we listened to on Wednesday at my place? john 
 still have not received credit for funds wired 11/16.  Please advise. 
 i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man    Jennifer Burns  10/20/2000 02:12 PM 
 Andy: I tried to open EOL at 4 on Sunday, but we had systems problems that delayed the opening until 6:05.  This is the third time in four or five sessions when EOL had problems on Sunday.  Anything you can do to improve reliability would be appreciated. John 
 a couple more thoughts.  certainly losing lots of indutrial demand both to switching and slowdown in economy.  Big 3 automakers all temporarily closing plants for instance.  switching is significant and has led to cash in the gulf expiring weak everyday.  gas daily spread to prompt trading at $1....need some very cold weather to justify that.  this seems to be the test of the next 3-5 days.   Will the switching/loss of demand/storage management keep cash futures spread at reasonable levels or will it blow to $5+. Not too many years ago we had a $50 print on the Hub.  unless we get some crazy prints, you have to question the steep backwardation in the market.  funny watching the flies in the front.  Bot large chunk of g/h/j at $.50 friday morning.  probably worth 1.30 now.  crazy.  people have seen each front spread be weak since forever and are already starting to eye up g/h.  what's the thoughts on distillates...  is it tight enough such that gas switching is the marginal mmbtu of demand and pulls it up or is the market too oversupplied to care? 
 Adam: Hope your interview goes well.  Things are going crazy in the gas market so, unfotunately, I'm stuck at my desk and can't go up for interviews.  As far as the interview goes, my advise would be the same as any interview. Be confident.  Answer the question asked.  Don't be afraid to say you don't know but don't make excuses.  Express interest in why you find Enron appealing compared to the other 100 companies interviewing.  The trading training program is still in the works.  Few people outside the trading area are even aware of its existence at this point so I wouldn't ask any questions about it in the interviews.  If you receive an offer, it would probably be for a normal analyst position with the opportunity to enter the training program when you arrive.  Not sure about that last statement though.   The training program is geared towards our two most mature and pure trading business areas: gas and power.  There are still a large number of other trading spots in our developing commodities side that would not fall under the program.   That's a function of the program being developed by the head of these two businesses.  Not ready to take it corporate-wide yet.  Write me about how your interviews went. Good luck: John 
 Hello: I received this by mistake. 
 6 months severence minus any errors 
 if only i didn't have a position today I'd be ok 
 think you're pretty clever, don't you? 
 rajib: The following are my bids for the asian option: GQ 1 : .41 GQ 2 : .63 GQ 3 : .57 
 34 
 can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line in my apartment? 
 It's funny the spreads in gas.  First, in gas, you can play the seasonality game.  Does anybody want to buy M/N at 1 back.  No, of course not.  But in crude, m/n at .10 back is normal.  definitely a game as you try to keep month on month spreads somewhat within reason while preserving year on year spreads and creating equilibrium for where cal 2 on back hedging and spec demand is. that's why cal 2 is as high as it is. when was the last time the most bullish part of the nat gas curve was prompt month.  i can't remember w/o looking at charts.  it's always the mentality of: if it's tight now what about July or what about winter.  i think that's why the winter spreads are a piece.  the z/f/g fly is interesting.  i think z/f can and will settle backw.  just a high prob it goes cantango first. Still seeing sellside interest in term.  definitely a result of pira.  will probably get absorbed in the next two weeks as everybody forgets about them and watches the front of the curve.  previous to that conference, the producers just didnt want to sell anything.  tired of writing us a big check every month. so not only am i in on weekends, but they just put a computer in my house so i can work at home at night.  it's really my only time to sit and think without the phones and eol going crazy.  they better pay me for the decline in my lifestyle . 
 Please call her and schedule 
 maine impossible to get to ..    next idea? 
 don't make me type the math on the computer pooks 
 jeanie: i really need the docs on both phantom stock and options. please please please  john 
 http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=7081781&mid=11711 
 7:2 at 2:1 
 That's what I'm talking ABOUT !!!! 
 mike: just want to confirm you received my money and forms. also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts. john 
 the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight 
 fuck you 
 i'll take 10:1 this morning 
 schedule 30 min to sit down with me either mon or tues after 430.  if you want to get info, sending out an email survey is not the right way.  much easier to respond to a question in voice rather than typing it out. 
 probability   *	payout	= 1 heads									.5		0	= 0 tails		2 heads 							.25		1 	= .25 tails		3 heads					.125		2	= .25 tails		4 heads			.0625		4	= .25 tails		5 heads	.03125		8	= .25 
 eat my shorts 
 fuck you 
 fuck you 
 fuck you 
  puh lease 
 I am available tomorrow after 3, preferably between 3-4. 
 that's fine 
 felt much better after i puked 4 times this morning.  you doing anything tonight? 
 too bad about pavel.  everybody liked him.. .who's next in line? 
 i think it's 100 
 i felt fine.  i ate a breakfast bar before i went.  normally dont do that.  wont be doing that again.  wanna do something tonight?  what time do you get out of here? 
 yea, we'll get them for you 
 when are you getting out? 
 we've got reservations in the chathambarsinn.com 
 cancel 
 poolie: what's the value of the company to you???? 
 that's what it gets for being a cat 
 For what it's worth, I liked your answer to the California attorney general comment in the journal.  what a freak that guy is. 
 i snoozed from 5:00 to 6:20....it was great 
 Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 * 8+.... = 0      	+.25 	+.25	+.25	+.25 	+... = infinity 
 how about 5:00? 
 are you on msn messenger.  i think i'm set up with it. 
 105 
 i think i've got yahoo somewhere on my computer.  i'll try to find it.  expecting 110 today.  still think we're not at fundamental equilibrium but scared that, as much as i hate technicals, the wave 3 is over and we can do some serious chop here.  if we didnt have expiry in 4 days i'd be worried about a short covering rally.  however, i think the market is going to have a hard time placing the baseload gas this month.  the storage guys are all above their targets right now and expect them to back off relative to last month. 
 seeing very little buying from end users.  some longer term selling from producers.  have had one guy who sold about 300 month cal 2,3,4.  just gets soaked up in the market though.  some buying is from more generation guys.  duke bot 10,000+ lots of cal 7-13 last week.  also think some guys buying cal 3 so they can sell more in the front.  el paso sold delta equivalent of probably 12-15 a day yesterday.  got soaked right up.  mar/apr way overvalued but so hard to bring in.   just a function of cal 2.  cal 2 been weak as seen a lot of m/m q/q v/v spreads recently, guys trying to buy the front.  hard to believe m/m is flat.  just goes to show how overpriced cal 2 is in my mind... 
 sure 
 Can you get her tickets to one of the games 
 i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks 
 me thinks you both are a little imbalanced 
 of course.  info here goes nowhere. we've had trouble discerning where the switching takes place because the economics get very blurry: credits, ldc costs, transport, taxes, restrictions on # hours plants can burn resis are hard to account for and are different for everybody.   also some noneconomic factors... convenience, inertia, multi-month fuel purchases, hedges, accounting procedures, resid in storage already...  It's a big blur in my mind.  I look at general levels and for anecdotal evidence.  have seen zero anecdotal evidence so far.  will also watch aga's for the indication,  but so will everybody else. 
  putting on your shirt to go to the bathroom in the dark??????????? 
 what's tomorrow? 
 I'll get it changed 
 yes.  i'm leaving at 1:00 today/ 
 no 
 from saturday-monday....did 194 trades, exactly half internal.  how'd george do? 
 biggest question in my mind is we assume resid is a fixed target or if resid needs to keep market share and as natty drops so does resid to maintain its market. 
 relaxed?   how was it? 
 maybe,  i don't even remember anymore... the numbers are running together.  best of all, reduced my risk 50% today. 
  i think i had better weather in massachusetts than you had in mexico.  very relaxing though.  if i lived in the northeast and had 2.1 kids and 1.3 dogs i would definitely get a summer house around there 
 bot,bot,bot 
 I called and you were off the desk...  Jan 2005-Dec 2009 settled a little high at 4.136.  Referencing a bid of 4.12 on the strip, we are 46.5/48 on the $5 call 
 $10,000..... they're not shy 
 Misti: I assume you are responsible for publishing the management reports.  I cannot access these reports past May 11.  Have they been published since then and if so, any idea why I can't get them? 
 ok 
 yes 
 crazy day....this day took a week off my life. plans tonight? 
 yea...for now at least.   We'll run it until a hurricane emerges overnight and I get run over for 30 cents 
 Liz: Are any of the diamonds available for Jun 15-17? 
 no idea 
 thanks,   i'll be there today 
 Hey babe: Any chance there are copies of the Nightline and/or Frontline shows lying around?? 
 definitely did.  you have to be a pretty boring person to not have fun in south beach 
 Looks fine to me. --John 
 Agree.  Still not at supply/demand equilibrium.  Unfortunately, market lack= s a catalyst for sharp move down from here until bid week.  i think continu= e to see slow erosion.  think we are slowly running out of places to put ga= s.  discretionary storage guys have their belly full.  can see cash/futures= just keep widening from here.  q/v spread, even though it widens every day= , still has a long way to go.  think you get to V and there is nowhere to p= ut the gas.  could see v/x going to 30+.  i buy every cantango spread i can= .  when market moves up the winter goes 1 for 1, when the market goes down = you make money.  strongest product in the gas market are nymex futures.  ev= erything else is a bloodbath.  socal basis has gone from $10 to $4 in the p= ast month.  canadian storage balances are ridiculous.  imports are going to= blow away last year.   new lng coming in late novy.  rig count is like ope= n interest, a straight line up.  gas is behaving very price inelastic, just= like it did on the move from $3 to $5 last year.  see little hope. =20 h/j is the craziest spread on the board.  it is not a fundamentally priced = spread though.  for several reasons, the industry uses that spread primaril= y to link the front of the board to the back.  think the front will keep dr= ifting lower and the back will find some customer buy support as we get cal= 2 down to 3.75 ish.  thus, h/j has to come in...i think.  plus i have the = fundamentals on my side. 
 are you prepared to defend your answer? 
 come on up this afternoon around 3. 
 send 
 tomorrow's fine 
 did you call? 
 are you going to tell me or do i have to guess 
 second, third, and fourth that 
 Please delete previous message.  It was meant for David Oxley 
 Liz: Wondering if you've had any luck in securing tix for this Saturday's game.  Also, are the diamonds available for Jun 23?  Thanks, John 
 not after today 
 late night yesterday? 
 me thinks you missed a 9 
 I told you we should have sold cal 5-14 yesterday 
 yea, i interviewed him.  i gave him a thumbs up.  why do you ask? 
 my plan worked 
 Kim: At the start of the year, I requested tix for this Friday's and Sunday's games.  Just checking to see if they have my name on them. 
 no, but i didnt even know you guys were going. 
 marcus: any thoughts about next weekend?  i still want to go somewhere.  this is killing me.  how about south america or is it too far? 
 take me off your list=20 
 heard of it but not sure exactly what it is. 
 here she is... 
 The deal got booked to Oil-NG-Hedge-Spec.  It should have been booked to IN-Upstream-St***.  That resulted in an error in my position as well. 
 have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good? 
 where did you get this info from?  have not seen the generators who hedged before selling out.  mostly just seen calpine selling. 
 pooks if you get this call me 
 the way i read it was the 30 something contract signed are good but ones under negotiation from there are either being renegotiated or talks terminated. 
 i cant commit ...i'm 50/50 so say no.  will send bat on next continental flight. 
 it was fine this morn.   starting back up today 
 funner than provincetown??? 
 lots of producer selling cal 2 and front strong so h/j still blowing out 
 no, they were just good sellers in the cals. irregardless of the rally in the front this morn, cal 4 didnt move 
 i thought i was joining you 
 Because I am so kind:  Greg Trentham 165 Harding Rd Glen Rock, NJ 07452  Jack Cogen 60 East End Ave #25A NY, NY 10028  Brian Tracey 19 Heartstone Lane Wilton, CT 06897  Brian Manolis 81 Forest Ave Caldwell, NJ 07006 
 maine impossible to get to...next option? 
 fill in $ _____ per/share 
 thanks 
 Pooks, here's your chance to really turn some heads 
 94 
 sun -9% in 6 days.   kid how???????? 
 interested in a night of pizza, wine, US soccer, and belize planning tonight? 
 screw the english jersey.  just wear red 
 cost about 200,000-300,000  our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem 
 at some point it has to or we're going to shut-in economics.  that may be the answer. 
 economy starts looking better when energy costs fall 30-50% 
 Prompt month vol is moving from 60% to 40% cob today...should increase capacity for front month by 50% for anybody who wants them. 
 and your offer? 
 wanna get toasted tonight? 
 i guarantee it.  you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday. 
 i'm going to run to needless markup real fast.  that have a big sale starting today.  if you don''t want to go, i'll pick you up after... 
 3 minutes 
 let me think about it for a day 
 chris: can you give access to the fundies site to margaret allen 3-9056 thanks, john 
 http://fundamentals.corp.enron.com/main.asp 
 what????   	where is that? 
 EB3221D 3 3230 
 i have no interest. 
 rules to a game: You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you $1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?  what you charge me play against you?) 
  quickly running out of places to put gas.      at least appetite to put gas in storage at same rate.  need some supply/demand dynamics to change else price $3 is no resistance 
 how is subscription rate going for EOL versus our expectations? 
 sure, send it over.   as the investing contrarian i am, if everybody else is getting out of late-stage vc, i'll take a look. 
 i don't have a problem with that.  The 3 factors I ask in releasing info are:  1. Do customers even know the info is available or useful? 2. Is the info publicly available? 3. Is the info easily obtainable?  In this case, the answer is yes to all three, so I don't care.  If the answer is no to one or more of the above, a judgment call has to be made. 
 Hey: Haven't spoken to you in a while.  Let's get a drink sometime soon.   I'm taking a week and a half off starting July 4 but after that, maybe we can go a Astros game.  Congrats on Connor.  Hope everything is well.  909 Texas Ave #1812 Houston, TX 77002 
 Dave: Would like to sit down sometime and look at most current work on auto trader. Any time today?  I'm not trading today so I'm free anytime. 
 talk to john griffith right now.   in the future (month or so) it'll be andy zipper. 
 what's you're new phone # ? 
 Kim: Are John's tix available for the following games:  July 16 or 17  	Cleveland Sep 11,12 or 13	San Francisco Sep 23		Chicago  Thanks, John 
 no crap, what's your bid? 
 Kim: Can I get Mark's on the Jul 17 and John's on Sep 13 and 23? Thanks, John 
 just calling to see if you have anything ingenious to say about this market.  i've covered most of the shorts starting 3.40 all the way down.  agree market probably not at equilibrium just dont really want to press it right now.  the easy money's been made.  want to have a few bullets just in case hot weather or storm takes this thing up to $3.50.  selling some upside calls just in case that never happens i'll still make money.  been an incredible run so far.  have half a mind to pack things up and go on vacation for the rest of year.  however, i'm just doing it for a week and a half starting tomorrow.  will talk to you when i get back and we'll figure out what to do then. 
 he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing. 
 he'll be sitting with and reporting to me 
 director 
 it's going to take complete rejection of phys molecules to get solidly under $3.  i expect some really good chop for 2 weeks.  have enough people waiting for sub $3 to buy back all their shorts...don't think it's that easy from here,. 
 puts i assume.   for what months? 
 take-out, wine, and movie? 
 yes 
 how bout i bring it? 
 i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day.  please advise earlier next time. 
 how about you get the food 
 i'll get the movie and wine.  my suggestion is something from central market but i'm easy 
 John: Here is my analysis of my guys: Mike Maggi (2) : P@L for first half a bit misleading.  Up till today, he ha= s run and taken the P&L for 7 days.  3 days were in the first half of the y= ear and 4 in July so far.  Running EOL is a law of averages...some days you= get killed some you do well.  The second day he got massacred: T boone sol= d 3000 contracts as well as the floor selling on an illiquid day followed b= y gap down the next day.  P&L for that day was -$7.  the four days in july = have been really good, probably +$6-7.  So I look at his P&L for the first = half of the year as Jan 1-Jul 6.  That P&L of $15 is around my expectations= .  runs low var.  pretty good at running EOL when I'm not there.  A little = too reactionary but hopefully more experience will help.  makes most money = in market making, probably slighlty negative in greeks and negative in curv= e shift.  Would like for him to turn both of those positive.  A bit hadicap= ped because present format doesnt allow him to fully get physical info.  Re= quired to spend all time in front of computer.  needs to develop John Griff= ith to allow him to get off the desk more.  good contrarian trader.  often = has opposite position of floor.  willing to stop out and is nimble.  needs = to take more of a macro view of vol rather than ending up with everybody' e= lses positions.  Vital for me to have him as a bbackup right now.  Cannot f= unction without one of us on the desk. =20 Computer causing problems.  will email with other guys later. 
 any chance you can go to the game tonight?  i've got the good ones.. 
 interest in diamonds tonight? 
 anybody want four good tix to tonight's baseball game 
  [Arnold, John]  jarnold@enron.com Panel height:	65" Panel fabric:	Blue patterns Panel trim:	Ligh Blue Surface Lam:	Light Gray Speckle Pedestals:	Light Blue Station size:	6' X 6' Componentry:	Corner surface surfaces, BBF pedestals, overhead bins, lighting Power:		yes down Spline Quantity avail:	16 + stations Price:		$995.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation   ********* HAWORTH UNIGROUP POWERBASE ********  Panel height:	44" Panel fabric:	Gray/Beige mix (Very Nice!) Panel trim:	Beige Surface Lam:	Beige Pedestals:	Beige Station size:	5' telemarketing stations Componentry:	60" X 30" surface with BBF pedestal Power:		NON Quantity avail:	10 + stations Price:		$495.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation Photos:	http://www.cubesrus.com/new/haworth.shtml   ********* ACME WORKSTATIONS *************  SPECIAL OFFER!!!!!!  Panel heights:	53" & 65" Panel fabric:	Mauve Panel trim:	Light Gray Surface Lam:	Medium Gray Pedestals:	Light Gray Station size:	6' X 6' / 6' X 7' / 6' X 8' Componentry:	"L" shaped surfaces, BBF pedestals, shelves, task lighting Power:		yes down Spline Quantity avail:	40+ stations Price:		$770.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation Photos:	http://www.cubesrus.com/new/acmewst.shtml   ********* HON CONCENSYS WORKSTATIONS ********  Panel height:	62" Panel fabric:	Gray/Beige mix (very Nice!) Panel trim:	Black Surface Lam:	Maple Pedestals:	Black Station size:	6' X 7' in pod of (4) & 6' X 6' in pod of (4) Componentry:	Corner surface, BBF pedestals, Shelf Power:		yes down Spline Quantity avail:	(8) stations Price:		$650.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation  Photos:	http://www.cubesrus.com/new/Hon_concensys.shtml   +++++++++ LATERAL FILES ++++++++++++  3, 4, & 5 drawer laterals Widths are 30", 36" & 42" Colors: light gray Putty This week's price is at $195.00 - $395.00 per unit Plus delivery   ++++++++++ SEATING +++++++++++++++  Manufacturer:		Sit-On-it Fabric color:		Black Arms:			Lopped (non adjustable) Pneumatic lift:		Yes Back Adjustment:	Yes Condition:		Very good Quantity available:	65+ Price each:		$65.00 + delivery  Photos:			http://www.cubesrus.com/new/sitonit.shtml  ++++++++ HERMAN MILLER SEATING ++++++++++++++  Totally remanufactured Herman Miller ERGON & EQUA seating Pneumatic lift, adjustable arms available In the Fabric of you choice Pricing depends on quantity  ++++++++++ CONFERENCE TABLES ++++++++++++++++  28' X 5' beautiful conference table 4 sections, 3 drum bases Price:	$8,500.00 + delivery & set up Photos: http://www.cubesrus.com/new/28conf_table.shtml  Also Available ============== (1) 12' X 4' racetrack wood veneer walnut @ $1,100.00 (1) 14' X 4' racetrack laminate mahogany @$550.00 (with matching 6' credenza)   ===================================== ALL OFFERINGS SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE =====================================  Call us for your workstation, filing and seating needs. We provide as-is and refurbished workstations by Steelcase, Herman Miller, Haworth, Knoll and more.  ================================================= WE PURCHASE WORKSTATIONS, FILING, SEATING & DESKS =================================================  ************TRADE SHOW REMINDER*************  Managing the Real estate Game July 26 - 28, 2001 Vancouver, BC Canada Http://www.ifma.org  28th Annual NACORE Exposition Sept. 22 - 25, 2001 Nashville, TN Http://www.nacore.com  IFMA`s World Workplace Sept. 23 -25, 2001 Kansas City, MO http://www.ifma.org  NeoCon New York October 31 - November 1, 2001 New York City, NY http://www.merchandisemart.com/neoconeast/  NeoCon West November 29-30, 2001 Los Angles, CA http://www.merchandisemart.com/neoconwest/  ********** USEFUL SITES **********  Today's Facility Manager http://www.tfmgr.com  Association Higher Education Facilities Officers http://www.appa.org  Business Facilities http://www.busfac.com  Facilities Design http://www.fdm.com  Intl Facility Mgmt Assoc http://www.ifma.org  Facilities Resource Mgmt http://www.frmcorp.com  FM Datacom http://www.fmdata.com  Facilities Exchange http://www.fmlink.com  Facilities Pro Resource http://www.facilitiesnet.com  Facilities Engineering http://www.afe.org  International Society of Facilities Executives http://www.isfe.org  Facilities Source http://www.FMsource.com  International Development Council http://www.idrc.org/   =================================== Aron Groner cubicles.com - a division of - Office Assets Management, Inc. http://www.cubicles.com 38 W. 38th Street, 4th Floor New York, NY 10018 e-mail: ag@cubicles.com PH: 212-764-9027 Fax: 212-764-5105 =================================== ooO   Ooo   -------------------------------------------------------------------- Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th U.S. Congress this letter cannot be considered spam as long as we include: Contact information and offer a way to be removed from future mailings.  To be removed from these monthly specials e-mailers please send a e-mail to removeme@cubicles.com with your name, address, company name and the exact e-mail address this message was sent to. If you desire removal allow us to extend our sincere apologies for any inconvenience your receiving this message may have caused. -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 1.  Did API's indicate that there may have been switching from resid back to gas?  2.  Did the 2 crude traders that left quit or get fired? 
 Under new rules instituted this year by Commissioner Bud Selig, an umpire can automatically eject a pitcher if he believes he's throwing at a batter. He does not have to issue a warning before an ejection. Fletcher did not warn Mann for hitting Gonzalez or Cordova. "The umpire said Bartolo threw the ball at his head and that's an automatic ejection," said Manuel. "But the ball missed his head by three feet. It tipped off his bat." Colon said he wasn't trying to hit Servais. "I will protect my teammates," said Colon, speaking through bullpen coach/interpreter Luis Isaac. "I can hit anyone I want at any time. That's why I feel bad. I wasn't trying to hit him. The ball slipped." Fryman defended his pitcher. "At no point, do I approve of throwing at someone's head," said Fryman. "But that pitch did not surprise anyone in the ballpark. Bartolo should not have been ejected. There should have been an immediate warning to each bench. 
 i took a week and a half off during the same time that Bo Collins of EL Paso left so naturally I am going to El paso.  I'm not going anywhere unfortunately.  I'm in for July 31 if you've got them 
 David: Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try simulating actual market cicumstances? 
 I have no good thoughts about the market.  everybody wants it to go down to 2.80 so I covered my short at 310-5.  cash very strong at these lower levels with some gen load.  should act to flatten curve as good producer selling in back.  playing range and selling vol.  think aga may surprise lower than expectations. 
 had phone problems ...lost my charger.  It was good.  I may be the most influential in the world of finance in the past 50 years 
 those certainly were the good ole days. 
 i really have no idea.  probably lower just becasue of the trend and overwhelming bearish view of the market. 
 what happened to you last night?  couldnt get ahold of you on your cell. 
 flat.  i had  my lowest var in over a year this morning 
 Kim: I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business. 
 that's fine.  the later the better but definitely after 2:30 
 I'm big seller of interventions.  they tend not to work.  if the gas market wants to go lower, enron coming out and buying 10,000 contracts is not going to stop the market from going down.  maybe in the short term, but that's it.  same with currencies.  ECB can come out and transfer some of its foreign reserves from dollars to Euros, but they are limited by their currency reserves unless they want to act in the futures market at which point they have to exit that position at some point.  i think it is more psychological than anything.  i think overall market interventions have been extremely ineffective. 
 remind me of that bet again 
 me thinks the currency market has seen enough failed interventions that it shrugs off any intervention and may view it as a sign of weakness.  me also thinks that until foreigners quit plowing all their money into the US the dollar should remain fairly strong.  however, if all the hedge funds are short which i assume they would be, the turnaround will be very quick. 
 how about your local bank?? 
 selective memory maybe 
 if you're around stop by around 500-515 today to talk about all this stuff 
 Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work, 
 big plans tonight? 
 with? 
 yea...talk to john griffith about getting this info.  if you want to get a sense of my position, stop by monday afternoon. 
 i didnt mean to get so run over 
 yet his price forecast from last week is 2.60ish for next summer...is that the struggle between bullish next summer but coming out of the winter with a lot of gas in the ground? 
 what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer. 
 think trade reluctant to sell here until they see aga on wednesday and knowing that tropical activity will develop at some point.  however, think the failure from 335 last thursday will weigh on people.  think that nobody wants to own above 325, only as very short term trade to sell to someone else 5-10 cents higher unless aga is very bullish. 
 if the number last week was right, then that looks possible.  however, 2 weeks ago the # came out higher than everybody thought so all the models were jacked up.  aga is certainly much better than the api but still cant put too much into one number 
 not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way 
 For extra credit.... If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more, does your answer change? 
 me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry 
 i'm just here to do my job and not worry about prestige, or something 
 i probably would have told you within the first 2 months 
 Hey, Surprised to hear from you.  jeff is in charge of nat gas operations and reports to sally beck who is in charge of all back office ops.  as of this morn, he is still here.   i've heard some wacky enron rumors before but this one is pretty good.  where'd you hear this? 
 1. i would guess notional value $2-3 bil per day including financial derivatives. 2. probably doubled market share in gas since eol 3. probably 25% of our trades are intl 
 Can I assume we are ready to test the limit orders? 
 i would still like to conduct the test.  we may have 10-20 internal orders at a short interval after aga 
 thanks. 
 thanks for doing that interview for me.  can you reply to this? 
 you dont like my ideas 
 exaggerations...word travels everywhere doesnt it?  how'd you hear?  me thinks everybody short and everybody wants the market to go down.  I'm relatively flat and would love to squeeze all the fuckers out so I can sell them 20 cents higher. 
 i think there are so many shorts that some of the weak guys are squeezable here.  not all and not massive short covering.  just think the boys will be buying in front of next week's number.  best trade is to be long now and sell right before number 
 you're right about the email address.  thanks. as i said, if your product allows enron to reach more customers, we would have interest in participating in the structure. John 
 someone's got too much time 
 i just cant get too enthused about the short side.  why did cash go out trading +5 for a weekend when there was zero power gen demand.  the easy answer is that pipes were short and everybody playing catchup from this week.  fine.  what's it going to trade next week.  the gas daily swap implies flat, but it's lagged the actual spread all month.  i think cash surprises by trading positive next week with no power gen.  this market is not trading like we run out of injection space.  so either the market is wrong (maybe but a dangerous assumption to make) or I don't see why sep is so overvalued relative to the rest of the curve.  you can certainly argue that the winter and cal 2 are too high, but those certainly don't seem to be going down very fast.  march is off 8 cents since jun 29.  so if the market wants to say that march is worth 354, then why is sep too high at 298? 
 yea, i'd be willing to take a look at any of these ideas. 
 hey: thanks, we already have the front 2 spreads out (u/v,v/x).  do you think there would be interest in the strip spreads? 
 yea 
 will every programmer involved on this project be in this building working this weekend? 
 mark: what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline? 
 you in town this weekend? 
 i found this searching for gas stuff if you care.. 
 wanna chew on my toenails? 
 yes 
 how can i help for the video? 
 wrong email address 
 i have a meeting with Heath Schiesser (VP of Xcelerator) today.  can I  join the trucking fundies group instead? 
 if you want... 
 61 
 do you know if i have astros tix from upstairs anytime soon? 
 no real opinion except short vol 
 hungry? 
 at my desk 
 what's pdx? 
 what's toronto 
 are they fun or boring work folk? 
 we'll do it another time...i dont really want to talk about work all night.   thanks though 
 your welcome and thanks 
 sure 
 yes 
 option mtg today at 4:15 topics include long term vol 
 hey stupid: do you know if jason ever signed an evergreen? if not, can you print one up? 
 agree 
 agree 
 agree 
 are you going to blow me off for dinner again tonight? 
 cause you played hooky this morn? 
 what do they mean when they have a cold summer scenario results in a $1.50 price?  these guys are freaks. 
 With the daily chaos that ensues on this floor, sometimes communication is sacrificed.  Fortunately, we have the message board to facilitate real time sharing of information.  I think all of us, including myself, underutilize this tool.  I want to encourage everybody to keep the board open on their computers all day long.  In addition, I want everybody to post at least one message every day.  This can be an interesting trade that just happened, what counterparties are trying to do, new information you uncovered, etc.  Information we learn can be very valuable to other desks and it is only fair that if we're taking info from the board, we should be contributing as well. 
 With skilling gone I move up one spot...from 147th to 146th.  This market sucks!!  Right back where we were before the # last week.  I have so little interest right now.  just glad i held onto the short straddle position.  wish i had something intelligent to say but i don't. 
 i'll pay a grand total of 0 
 in regards to the stock, tell me about it. flat price me thinks we go nowhere for a while. think the next push down doesnt come again until late october.  im buying z 300/250 put spread for 11.  still looking for 3.1 by end of season.  probably 2.95-3.0 for nov 31.  who wants baseload gas for dec in that scenario? aga's... think high 70's is neutral the market.  if it comes out 70-85 you can shit on vol.  that'd be good for me. 
 hard to say odds on a revision.  don't think aga would make a revision, but an individual stg field could.  another option is that a stg field that realizes they fucked up just fades the number over the next several weeks such that each number going forward is bigger than expected. 
 wrong addressee 
 ina: we're going to have a mandatory eol trading simulation session today at 4:00.  Can you email all traders on the floor and make sure the desk heads know.  Also, postpone my 4:00-5:00 mtgs until after 5 or tomorrow.  thanks 
 unsubscribe powerindex  jarnold@enron.com 
  got this one 
 Greg: I just realized I'm out of town thursday and friday of next week.  any chance we can meet with bo wednesday afternoon? 
 i'm planning on it 
 how bout we split the moolah 
 newport?? 
 for what? 
 wrong wrong wrong  you're talk no action  me...ACTION 
  want to get a fancy dinner tongiht? 
 let's say thursday.  were you counting  in ac? 
 any interest in catching the us soccer game tonight?  me thinks it starts at 9 
 how about those dutch, or dutchesses 
 i just mean to flip/flop the traders and orig so they are still sitting together but the trading is next to financial and texas rather than the orig 
 yes.  we've made budget this year.  what do we need more income for? 
 1. on family vacation how bout sep30-1 2.  already bot a second bed, but thanks for the offer 
 i'm blaming my p&l on you today 
 199.99+ $18 o/n shipping = 217.99  Visa 4128 0033 2341 1978 exp 8/02  shipping and billing address : John Arnold 909 Texas Ave #1812 Houston, TX 77002 713-557-3330 
 Tammy: can you send me another copy of the 6th floor seating chart Thanks, John 
 boo 
 713 557 3330 
 7/3 you mf 
 can you pay this 
 poookss: on a scale of 1-10 how good is this guy? 
 ppooookkkksss on a scale of 1-10 how bad is the name Gad Casby? 
 when do i have baseball tix for? 
 can you have Kathy Gribstald (?) send me an electronic copy of the picture that appeared in the Enside mag?? 
 Scott: Condolences to the Carr family. If you need to reach me for any reason, I can be reached at 713-853-3293 
 my old carrier went out of biz this week, convenient huh?  so i do not have service as of 2 days ago. 
 thank you 
 you make me so jealous 
 Bob: Work with me on this.  I'm looking at the doc now and will have comments later today. John 
 Jeff: The trade did go in yesterday to book "oil-price-spec".  If this is not the right book, email or call. john 
 We have the whole curve out.  The nymex is just another trading platform that is inconsequential to markets we make except for arb opportunities and for the fact that our swaps settle against the nymex settlement.  our volume is pretty normal at this point. 
 i've been selling.  was long 500 and selling out.  everybody will  be expecting the crude draws.  they dont matter.  think this is tremendously bearish all energy demand.  supply shocks are the only question, but I dont think US will end up fighting a war against the middle east.  Who cares if we nuke afghanistan? 
 all I hear is that all the funds are going to get squeezed as soon as the nymex opens.  fuck, i don't know, but I'm not going get long crude hoping to squeeze the funds.  lost that game too many times. 
  huh? 
 the nymex is so technologically incompetent that they have no idea.   after working on it for 18 months they're trying to buy are technology now 
 if cash/futures is 10-15 then oct will have a very weak settle.  they are trying to use the regular access system on the internet which was supposed to come out two weeks ago but they delayed because the firewalls and security issues hadnt been solved 
 Scary how we have the same sense of humor.  Havent told anybody yet.  So I have a favor to ask: whether we never talk again, just become good friends, or grow old together with 6 kids, please never,ever refer to me as the energy guy.  You can refer to him as that, just not me. Officially tired of watching the news.  Actually there is very little new about it.  Channel 12: the local viewpoint.  CNN: the national viewpoint.  CNBC:  the business viewpoint.  ESPN: the sports viewpoint.  Pat Robertson Channel: God's viewpoint.  The politicians all hold news conferences and talk for 15 minutes and say nothing.  "We interrupt the State Dept's news conference to bring you the Justice Dept's news conference where we expect there going to say 'no comment at this time' frequently."  I have a tv on my desk at work that is on constantly just in case something happens, but meanwhile it's driving me nuts. Just found out another girl I knew is missing. I was supposed to go out with this girl a couple years ago on a blind date but it never went through.  I met her after that. So let's talk about something better.  We'll start shallow.  What kind of music do you like? John 
 I don't remember him but it is my understanding nobody has been heard from that worked in the Carr office in the wtc. 
 Please call me in the morning so I can 3-way with an EOL technical rep to find out happened.  One looked at it this afternoon, and according to his preliminary analysis, the order was placed at 10:57 and never canceled.  Obviously that is counter to your knowledge of the transaction.  Let's straighten this out first thing in the morning. John 
 13 September 2001 3:28 PM  Hey, by the way, did you ever find your cell phone??? Network traffic very heavy right now so you might not get this until tonight. John 
 Gad: Sorry for the extremely late response.  Despite the fact that Eva referred you, we would have interest in meeting with you about emplyment opps. I was planning on going to NY in a couple weeks but at this point, I don't know.  I would highly recommend that you follow the formal recruitment program in addition to any talks we have.  Although I can recommend to make you an offer, it is much easier if it is done in parallel with the associate recruitment program.  After the current events calm down, we can talk via phone about my experience here and why I think there are some good opportunities here. 
 done 
 bid it up on low volume.... thanks 
  This is a summary of my position and trading goals today.  Advise if you dont agree. 
 yea, what are you doing after? 
 Post Midtown Square 
 p&l +/- 48 
 seems to me trade guys are getting royally fucked in crude 
 Russell: Just fyi, they're willing to take us for 20 years. 
 11:42:07 am    18 September 2001   Happy B-Day by the way.  Hope everything's going well.  We're having network problems again so I hope you get this soon. 
 i had to cover some.  too much risk.  rode most of it back down.  i think this whole event is bearish energy.... 
 nobody important 
 good point 
 your welcome 
 I'm going home.  Have fun tonight.  Talk to you tomorrow. 
 I see I've made quite an impression on you msled. 
 I created 2 new deals that reversed the deals mentioned. 
 So, well....I was thinking, um, you know.  Uh, never mind.  But actually, I was wondering (cough,cough) that, well.  Ok, I'm just gonna say it.  Are you you ready.  Ok, here it goes...  Would you like to get a drink some time?  J  p.s.--Whew, I was never good at asking girls out but I think that went pretty smoothly. 
       most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 i think the velocity of the down move will be much less severe from here.  still dont think this is equilibrium.  need to see aga coming in lower than expectations for a couple weeks signaling that we've moved down the demand curve.  think a lot of spec shorts are looking to take profits as we get close to the psychological 400 target.  market needs producer selling to get us through there.  have seen some as williams is starting to hedge barrett : hence the weakness in the back of the curve recently.  still going lower but it will be a tougher move from here. 
 Agree with the first paragraph.  Bets get tougher from here.  Not so obvious and require much larger size to get same juice.  Generally not a good position considering the current world order, or disorder.  Not much juice in gas basis either.  This is where we see whether we are good traders or just great fundamentalists. 
 Hey: 1.  Theoretically we could agree upon a trade and cross it on ICE after hours when the risk that someone else gets inside is remote.  This is a prearranged trade and is illegal on Nymex, but it is my understanding it will be legal on ICE assuming ICE uses the IPE clearing platform, where prearranged trading is legal.   Agree about liquidity.  I dont think this really helps ICE's volumes, nor liquidity.  Funds want liquidity so they will not flock to ICE in the current state. 2.  My guess is not intercommodity, but maybe intracommodity.  For instance, a gas daily swap against front month futures may have lower margin than the 2 trades additive.  Important Note: ICE is our competition and I am very,very wary to support their system, unless absolutely necessary. 
 P.S. - Can you bring me some free samples of the bladder control medicine.  It'll save me some money. 
 Please change my address of record to John Arnold 2000 Bagby #15403=09 Houston 77002  Thanks, John 
 you working out today? 
 I'm running out the door to go drinking with the boys at front porch, right next to my apartment.  I don't think your dad would like me so much.  Will explain later.  Sorry about your day.  Maybe you can find some happiness in the book of prayers.  Maybe you can find more happiness in the money.  Talk to you later. 
 wow...how did our guys do? 
 yea, that was for oct a couple hours before expiry.  dont have a whole lot of interest being fundamentally long crude.  maybe for a scalp buy if we get overdone which we might be this morn.  T Boone how? 
 are you going to the game 2 nite? 
 it wouldnt be fun if I were fair. 
 maybe they're for more sophisticated palates 
 Lucky sob 
 sorry,sorry,sorry Yesterday was just a little crazy.  Crude had it's biggest fall in 10 years so that translated into a very busy day.  Plus my best employee was just offered a job across the street for a big chunk of money.  At least I made money. I should be getting my phone line at home today (of course they've been saying that for 5 days now) at which point they can install dsl.  Thatll make it much easier. Went to the bb game again last night.  Love them stros. How'd you're presentation go last night? Did the doc talk good about your drug? Have a good one, Jonh 
 cold 11-15.  oct expires tomorrow. 
 is it real? 
 nobody from the first tower made it down, right? 
 whats the name of the "priceline" type site that gives you an hour to buy the ticket. 
 40 yard line 20th row in my hands 
 just got them.  thanks a lot 
 I have 4 tix sec 124 row 34 for tonight if you or anyone in your group wants them 
 thx for the update.  funny how the banks will deal with us and ospraie won't.  oh well, nothing we can do. 
 Hot like wasabi when I bust rhymes Big like Leann Rimes Because I'm all about value 
 god i hope so 
 stop sending me these 
 do you and brad have a minute to sit down today? 
 see you there 
 Seems a little out of whack but as we seen time and time again, fundamental relationships don't have to hold in the short term. 
 BBB+ credits dont go bankrupt overnight.  we can get downgraded overnight, though.  put a clause in the contract that if we get downgraded below inv grade there is some sort of orderly liquidation of the swaps.  talk to credit about how we handle this with others. 
 How about next wednesday?? 
 I actually went to go talk to him yesterday but he was already gone and he's on vacation today.  I'll talk to him next week.  Probably better for him to hear the benfits from my mouth.  We do need to talk to him before we get too far.  EOL working very well as of late. 
 there are few scenarios whereby that spread comes in except if you take it to settlement.  if dec is strong, jan is strong too.  if dec is weak, jan retains some risk premium. 
 it's an aquired taste 
 me thinks so 
 yep,  what are you doing later? 
 no thx 
 i think they worked this out. John 
 why is george down? 
 thank god i got out on friday.  had a much better month trading crude than gas. 
 yea 
 you coulda sent me this 8 months ago.... 
 i couldnt do it.  it took 13 minutes for my alarm to wake me up. 
 not necessarily looking for predictive power.  that's a 3 year project.  just for market making skillset.  The work that Dave Forster did was just for front month.  That creates month 1.  Then, similar logic has to create a month 1/month 2 spread to create a month 2 outright market.   Same for month 2/ month 3 to create month 3.  There might be 24-36 individual markets to create a forward curve.  Sometimes month 1 has correlation to the month 1/ month 2 spread.  Sometimes it does not.  Must create a system that is mechanical but very easy for a human to add bias. 
 Funny that they say mixed response to new ceo's 
 Someone in my group or myself will attend. 
 got your running shoes on? 
 mike maggi resigned this morning to take a job at a competitor.  He is under contract.  Lavo has been advised.  What do I need to do? 
 not really and no 
 ended up getting in late last night.  monday night football turned into tuesday morning football. 
 sucks to be mediocre, huh? 
 elpaso, same thing  Want to trade options? 
 outright long....a long time from now. looks like with cold weather curve is going to reshape.  front up, back nothing 
 is there a password or just knowing the address 
 hey buddy: heard you're in town.  any interest in going to the bb game tonight? have some right field homerun catching seats 
 Hello: Wondering if we can meet to pick up the tix.  I work and live in downtown.  Please advise or call me at 713-557-3330. 
 just got some tix in right field for tonight's game.  any interest? 
 why is anybody giving you scoop? 
 i think cash gets much stronger over the coming weeks relative to nov.  first inclination when cash comes up is that futures go up.  however, there is an 80 cent spread between cash and december.  cash can easily go up without dec moving. 
 just bot them.  I'll save one for you.  just let me know asap. 
 any interest in going to bb game tonight.  crude reunion.  jt, racecar, and me.  tix in HR #70 catching territory. 
 Sounds good.  I have cash.  I work at the old Enron building.  Just give me a call when you're close and I'll meet you on the street right in front of the building. 
 maybe we just hold all the gas until next winter.  we'll worry about that problem next september. novy expiry can go anywhere.  Too early to say.   Probably around $2 though as I cant imagine who is a baseload buyer of gas in november when the US is a net injector the first 1-2 weeks barring cold spell and the pipelines are trying to start withdrawing. 
 Can you meet this guy if I'm off the desk? 
 i'm just kidding.  i'm getting a haircut from 530-600.  i'll call you when i get out. 
 For anybody that doesnt know, Maggi resigned today to go to El Paso.  I will be sending out an email with a broader distribution this afternoon.  Please keep this quiet until then.  Plan to meet at 4:30 today to discuss the ongoing structure of the desk. 
 I'm going to put out an email this afternoon 
 you suck.  how pissed will you be if the guy next to me catches 71.  call me before you leave tomorrow. 
 can you find out the scoop on ravi thuraisingham as far as reviews, rankings, etc.   thinking about hiring him. 
 me thinks people are trading the headline and not the story 
 ene: the india story.  I lok at it and say we sold india.  then realize we the gas, not the assets. 
 no.  waiting for a rally to sell.  if dont get one will stay out. 
 no.  Have had 2 late nights in a row and it doesnt get much better rest of the week.  had to get  an extra hour of beauty sleep.  can you tell? 
 I went to the Front Porch after the crappy game and then went back to my front porch with billy white.  he wouldnt leave.  stayed until 1:15.  get the feeling he doesnt get out much. 
 actually a terrible game.  bonds didnt get a ball out of the infield in the air.  granted we werent exactly pitching strikes to him. 
 you i guess. 
 not enough 
 come on up tomorrow afternoon. 
 yea 
 I would pay $300 for the tix tonight.  I feel ripped off for the crappy game I had to sit through tuesday. 
 yea, can you meet me at enron again? 
  Pull this up and click on hit chart http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/players/profile?statsId=3918#    Your tix are sec 154, row 12, seats 1-4, on the aisle of sec 155 http://astros.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/hou/ballpark/hou_ballpark_seating.jsp 
 at least I made $100 for my services 
 can you email lavorato maggi's address 
 nope 
 going to the game.  I'll be at the front porch tomorrow... 
 drinks on tickleknees if you do 
 depends on the legal outcome.  thhere is still a possibility we get all of our money back, although a roe of 0% for 10 years.  Still, a better roe than broadband investments 
 can we meet at 4:00 instead? 
 because we're $10 off the lows or because you think we're overvalued? 
 what do you think now? 
 you doing anything tonight? 
 no need.  the drinks will be warm by the time I get back up to the 6th floor. 
 yes, he'll be at work on monday.  can you have docs ready sometime during the day?  by the way, these are crappy pics.  The prediction company says you go 4-7. 
 2-9 YOU'RE A HACK 
 Eddie Gaetchens (?), Marty, and Kevin from Man are coming down Wednesday if anybody is up for dinner or drinks 
 maybe we need a closer in that seat 
 want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon? 
 no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals 
 they're giving away a porsche boxster or a cardboard boxcutter? 
 my little junior league girl.   so sweet. let's leave around 1130ish 
 she starts at 12:12 
 sure.  just call me when you get out 
 jeans 
 I'm wearing a shirt too 
 maybe after the game. 
    most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it. 
 I never knew your fantasies... 
 Do you want to drink beer?  I'll work on sneaking a bottle of Opus in otherwise. 
 Not so impressed with David goldman.  For a guy who has worked in derivatives for 10 years, couldnt answer some simple questions.  Very poor financial derivatives knowledge even though he worked at CRT for a long time and a Lyonnais for a while.  The only value I see in him is that he worked at BP for a while and might have some knowledge as to how they work. 
 that was pretty funny. Do not still have the double date thing.  I need a favor in return for interviewing your boys.  Remember Mark Findsen.  He's looking to get back into the business, possibly from the trading side.  I actually think he might make a better orig guy.  He has been in the crude and products markets for 10+ years.  Has no experiece in trading energy but has been day trading equities for past year.  He asked if he could get a round of interviews at Enron.  Could you set up a round for him? 
 maybe,  some specialization is beneficial though. 
 sounds like it's clean from your side.   I HATE SWAPTIONS!! 
 If these problems are not being addressed as they should be, call me and I'll get on it.  This is unacceptable. 
 Sorry,sorry, sorry. Havent had internet access at home for past 5 weeks.  Much easier to write these at home as when I'm done trading I don't want to look at my computer. For november, very neutral.  Cash is impressive.  Agree shutins, switching, and some weather are making market look more like equilibrium.  Think with cash/futures at 20 cents, x/z looks crazy.  As soon as z becomes prompt, the fear factor/risk premium of it will decrease and the whole winter will come off.  Like your h/j trade.  Hard to see it really being worth 9 cents at settlement.  Been buying a lot of y/y cantango as I think next summer will be a piece but longer term gas story still very real and customers know it.  Wouldnt be surprised to see 2/3 go to 50+.  I think x has some room to go up, but not a lot.  Dont want to play the market from the long side as been burned before trying to get long a market that is still in a downtrend.  Seems like the curve will just keep rolling down with each expiry.  All the winter months might settle 2.25.  As such, the best thing to be short is jan. 
 LOSER 
 what's brian's last name? 
 is that with or without two snoozes? 
 bad mormon brian 
 Johnny: I'll get Mark Findsen to call you.  Can you have at least 1 trader interview him as well. Thanks, John 
 Savita: Any chance we can introduce limit orders to spreads? 
 Sushi on Thursday at the new place in the Village? 
 going to the game? 
 cancel above.  we'll do it next week 
 got whalley's for today at noon.  can you go? 
 are you there? 
 I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like. 
 yea 
 wanna get sauced after work? 
 I just found a taker. Sorry. 
 ok 
 I'm in. 
 can you make a reservation for 8 at vallones at 6:30 today. 
 sorry, just got your msg.  cant go today. by the way, you're a lousy friend. 
 don't worry about it 
 I'm sure he'll come down whenever we ask.  Should I tell him to get his butt down here and show us the love? 
 your welcome.  It was really good to see you again.  Maybe we can so something again before 2 months 
 All good 
 He should call you today or tomorrow morning.  I do not have a list of interviewers in mind.  I would like Bill White to talk to him though. Thanks. 
 Jennifer: I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it primarily pertains to our views of the market.  I would speak in such generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview. John 
 Hey: That's one hell of a bd celebration.  Don't think I can hang in you guys. Was definitely a little sleepy yesterday.  Went to the bb game and then had a biz dinner last night.  I was almost asleep driving home at 8:30.  At least I was sane enough to yell buy and sell at random points during the day. 
 I assume you're going to let people select news categories such as us energ= y news and avoid articles about paskistani oil fields. 
 Any time tomorrow afternoon around 3 or 4:45 to discuss? 
 Just following up to see if the recruiting season has started and to make sure everything is going okay.  If you need anything, just say the word. 
 I've got a mtg from 4-4:30ish so either before or after 
 If you have blackberry, keep me informed about pira 
 ng lows in place but q1 forecast $2.2  ??? don't understand. also, what's longer term forecast i.e. past mar 03 
   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 you goofball  go to www.snopes2.com , click on rumors of war, and then go to the first en= try about halloween. 
 that night i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.  as opposed to ???? 
 yes 
 what is our flight schedule for monday? 
 any substance to their argument or just their beliefs. 
 The y/y spreads have come in decently over the past week and a half.  The 2/10 spread has moved from 104 to 94.  It may be a good time to move the 3-10 to a cal 2 trade.  Pira just gave their seasonal conference in NY and they are very bullish long term gas. Pira's forecast		Nymex Cal 2 	2.45		2.99 Cal 3	3.00		3.31 Cal 4	3.70		3.40 Cal 5	4.00		3.48 Cal 6	4.10		3.57 Cal 7	4.20		3.66 Cal 8	4.30		3.75 Cal 9	3.60		3.84		(TransAlaska Highway Pipeline) Cal 10	3.80		3.93 3-10	3.84		3.59  Regardless of what you think of Pira and long term price forecasts, the rest of the market does listen.  They have a tremendous amount of respect in the industry and affect how customers and producers hedge.  The flow, which has been buyers over for the way backs, I think will get more pronounced, especially if the front goes down.  In the past week, I've sold Duke 40,000/d Cal 6-10 and 25,000/d Cal 7-10.  I've sold PGE maybe 30,000 day Cal 4-5.  The only seller has been El Paso whom I believe is hedging production.  He is trying to pressure the y/y spreads as a spec trade that I think was/is being done to front run the corp hedges.  I've used it as an opportunity to put a lot of spreads away for inventory down the road.  If you want to buy this strip back in the next 6 months, I think it's going to be much easier/cheaper to roll it closer. 
 which way? 
  [Arnold, John]  We're working out today at 4:30 
 i guess i have to keep my 395 price target.  just nothing bullish in the near term except crude.  and that's not enough now.  need to get to a new price regime to pick up more demand quickly. 
 I hated it 
 1.  I'm going to see T Boone Tuesday  2.  Fine me for Var for Friday.  I promise I'll buy on Monday. 
 How about 7:00 
 Joey: Can you round the price of following EOL deals from 10/9 with Cargill to four decimals while keeping the spread price the same: 1985332 1985333  Thx, John 
 no clue.  not a movie buff. 
 5-3-2 +255 - 120 = 135 your way 
 What money?  I don't know what you're talking about 
 I'll get it at lunch. 
 damn, thought you forgot 
 exactly 
 none 
 you got robbed...  -35 
 it's the one thing that could really hit the market.  There are a lot of gas hedges on against those trades.  If they are torn up, a lot of gas in the back gets sold off hard.  Plus, The dynegys of the world lose $1 on their hedges. 
 tom o'grady - aquilla - 861-527-1564 
 me, me, me....you girls are all the same 
 do you have any time today around 5? 
 Darren: I think Dutch Quigley spoke to you about an individual who is trying to get set up with EOL for his personal account.  The person is Tony Annunziata from the Smith Barney AAA fund.  He meets the suitability tests as far as net worth and knowledgable investor.  He is also willing to post via LC or wire.  I gave him your number.  I would appreciate if you could expedite his credit application.  Thanks, John 
 stg adjusted means factoring in cost of carry and taxes stg curve looks more realistic in market areas when you add basis on. 
 Tell him I'm free to meet Oct 19, 2085 at 2:00 AM.  See if that's ok with him. 
 I referred him to Lavorato 
 Liz: Just wanted to thank you for the astros playoff tix.  Thanks for thinking of me.  Maybe you'll invite me up to see your new digs before the move.... John 
 your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at this level though. 
 This guy is working on an EOL project for me right now.  Can you send him a file with our EOL trades for today or yesterday with product, price, buy/sell, and timestamp but counterparty names deleted 
 3:00 up here 
 I want to have a group mtg from 4:00-5:00 today to discuss some of the enron issues and then vol if we have a chance. 
 so how'd it go in NY? 
 Just wanted to thank you for the gift basket.  I usually don't like them because they have crappy wine, but that was actually a really good bottle.  Sat out on my patio last night drinkning wine and eating cheese and fruit.  Thanks. 
 3-5 
 Louise has no problem as long as approved by legal and credit 
 Since I have no idea what you're talking about, I guess I was a little drunk. 
 can you buy 10,000,000 more please 
 do you want to go to learn what happened or do you want to go yell at those guys/see those guys get yelled at? 
 only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market.  call chris gaskill to get the password. 
 Daniel: Can you include me in the nymex nat gas advisory panel meeting today? John Arnold Enron 
 I had yes to Zaun and no to the others 
 schweiger's been preparing for that mtg since wednesday.  how do you think lay/whalley did? 
 spinnaker, one of fred's customer's , unwound a hedge today because they dont want exposure to us. 
 not mad at you 
 I''ll be drinking either at front porch or little woodrows 
 Veronica: Deutsche Bank asked me to ask you to call their maintenance margin person, John Jones, at 212 469 6773.  I think they are trying to margin us. John 
 can you arrange a mtg between the desk heads as soon after 1:30 as possible. 
 will see you there (most probably) 
  I am sorry you lost the trade but this is not a matter that should be worked in the broker market nor should anybody be looking to profit off the situation. It is being handled directly to ensure the integity and liquidity in the market that is beneficial to all. 
 that kid is hilarious.  Do you know what his last name is? 
 There will be a desk head mtg tomorrow, Sunday, at 3:00 on the 33rd floor per Lavorato to discuss positions and strategy.  Please confirm via email.  My cell # is 713 557 3330 if there are any problems. 
 cancel? 
 Savita: I'm going to need an additional report daily for the next couple weeks: for the top 50 counterparties a summary of total EOL volumes and phys gas volumes for average of rolling 30 days, average of rolling 5 days, and previous day with volume differentials in percent relative to 30 day average.  For instance :   TOTAL VOLUMES Previous day		5 day			30 day Aquilla		240  	-20%		330	+10%		300 El Paso		275 	+10%		200	-20%		250   US GAS PHYS FWD FIRM <= 1 MONTH  BUY							SELL Previous day		5 day			30 day		Previous day		5 day			30 day Aquilla		24  	-20%		33	+10%		30		16  	-20%		24	+20%		20 El Paso		30 	+20%		20	-20%		25		5 	-50%		10	0		10   Please advise how quickly you can put this together. 
 I went already lazy 
 give her my email.  when are we leaving? 
 Bo: I may need to post some EFS after the close today.  Can you get that process approved? 
 i'm gonna try 
 yea 
 Hey Adam: sorry for the delay.  just been very busy.  congrats on joining enron.  think you made the right chioce.  i would recommend structuring.  it's a good way to understand how enron works, how we look at and manage risk, and you get close to the trading component.  a friend of mine, ed mcmichael runs the gas structuring group.  try emiling him probably at emcmich@enron.com.  keep in touch, john 
 Please call me asap 
 The Jan is confirmed.  The Cal 2 is not yet. 
 The main number at the exchange is 212-299-2000 
 Although I love you, that's not appropriate for any 3 way sleeves.  EFS should be billed normally. 
 yea.  Give me your cell and home numbers. 
 try to net woth bank of america the cal 4,5 
 find out who they deal with and I'll try to find a counterparty that has the other side 
 customers may buy options from us. 
 this is my idea of vacation... 
 i can probably find an offset 
 call me when you want a live quote 
 please post this efs with smith barney 
  I don't know if I gave this to you yet. 
 go ahead 
   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Things are okay.  May be much better in a week or two.  Can you email me an update of how the 3 hedge funds are doing.  I may have another chunk of money to invest should you have any good opportunities lying around.  Still mainly interested in alternative investments with you.  Also, can you confirm my address.  I have moved recently and dont know if you have the new one.  2000 Bagby #15403; Houston 77002. 
 yes i will 
 Come talk to me sometime today before you leave. 
 yep 
 Mark: I know you must be very busy right now.  I do have a important favor to ask.  I am worried about the reaction should the names and numbers of the trading retention pool be made public.  If you get notice of if and when that is to happen, advanced warning would be very helpful.  If I cannot be reached at the office, my cell phone number is 713-557-3330. Thanks, John 
 713 557 3330 what are your plans? 
 yep. 
 what day is jen and paula's party? 
 I would like to check availability for period of Dec 29-Jan 1 for 2 people.  Please advise. John 
 2000 bagby #15403 houston 77002 
 Only took me 3 weeks to respond.  That's pretty good for me.  I think things started collapsing the day I got your original email.  Obviously not an opportune time to come take the tour right now.  Not so impressive when the building is 80% empty.  If/when we get the operation started again, I'll bring you up for a tour. 
 Still have new years open, right? 
 Mark: I looked into the payment.  Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do.  Everything has to get approved by lawyers and they can't pay a vendor arbitrarily.  I'll keep working on it.  Sorry.  What do you think of ng and cl here? 
 Sorry for the delay. The big guys have been maharris,stuckey and barker. 
 Kim Ward thinks you're a big dork 
 http://www.maruba-spa.com/main.shtml  dec 29-Jan 1 
 do you know what my user id and password are? 
 i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i 
 absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it.  call chris gaskill and he should be abl to help. 
 Jeff: To explain the P&L of -349,000  : We executed the trade when you gave the order (the delta anyway), first thing in the morning.  The market rallied 8 cents from the morning, with the back rallying about 2.5 cents.  On 904 PV contracts, curve shift was -226,000.  The balance, $123,000,  is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid, which I think is pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and vol.  Cal 3 straddles, for instance, are $1.39 / $1.45.  Looking out for you bubbeh: John 
 almost forgot about you.... will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders. 
 no 
       most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 who wrote the market commentary are at the bottom of this and who wrote the rest? 
 Although tennessee was a very good time not long ago, it sure seems like a long time ago. 
 How are you with the following counterparties for this transaction: Coral, Duke, Dynegy, Reliant? 
 not much from customers lately.  Customers waiting for market to stabilize before doing any hedging 
 Stranger: Any interest in getting a drink or dinner Tuesday?  havent seen you in forever. 
 BMO wants to do this sleave trade.  Duke, Dynegy, Coral, and Reliant have offsetting positions.  Who's best for us to do this with?  Also, what's our current balance with BMO?  Should I demand for the trade to be offmarket? 
 can you have the back run a new position report as of yesterday and include j aron 
 he was contacted directly.  Why, are you trying to find a good one? 
 expect some producer selling if/when mrkt stabilizes.  what production data are you looking at? 
 Understand.  Are you good with Bank of Montreal out that far? 
 how about j aron? 
 Tell them to calm down.  I'm going to start clearing amro, tfs, and carr trades through them as well.  I will do a new xpit to offset some of the new positions that will lower the margin in the short term. 
 Are we proposing to pay refco for order flow, like a tick per trade, or are we going to give them our prices and then they widen them to add their juice? 
 my email as far as i know is jarnold@enron.com.  not on msn though. i made space for your 8 people as well as ferries, roberts, and the other person (??) you requested.  Come down tomorrow and i'll show you the layout again. john 
 Talk to Geoff Storey.  He is handling a transaction that will reduce the majority of exposure to us Wednesday morning. 
 Jeff: If you talk to Greg Trentham, will you ask him to call me?  I have not had a chance to talk to him yet. Thanks, John 
 Does my boy Marc Findsen have a chance? 
 Can you get me an itinary of events? 
 banc one brooke hamilton 312 732 7380 
 how about monday after work? or monday lunch if we're all fired by then... 
 sign me up 
 I'll have an answer by 9:30 
 Please stick him on 
 can you take care of this... 
 4:30ish?? 
 Understand.  Enron has been Man's biggest account for years and during that= time we have paid them a lot in commissions.  They approached us on Wednes= day to try to increase the margin required, even though we were below the c= redit threshold that had been established in the contracts written 5+ years= ago.  I refused to agree to change the margin calculations.  It became cle= ar that Man was uncomfortable with the exposure to such a big account given= that Man is a relatively small shop.  I agreed to xpit some positions such= that they would get more comfortable with the outstanding risk in the acco= unt.  At the same time I told them I was transacting business as usual and = if they couldnt handle/didnt want the clearing business I would clear someb= ody else but that was a permanent decision for them to make.  Clear our bus= iness always, or clear it never.  Paribas has stuck with us throughout and = I intend to clear the majority of future biz with Paribas.  I agreed during= hours of phone calls wednesday that we would xpit specific futures positio= ns on thursday, which we did, but the rest of the position would stay there= .  They agreed.  We specifically stated the rest of the positions and the o= ptions would stay and we would work out those positions over time.  &!@$ th= em if they are trying to go back on that. =20 
 Will you wire the money immediately when this is done? 
 fyi 
 yes, I replied and asked mike if he'd wire the money today if I  agreeed.  waiting on his response. 
 we have already done the aug 03, how many may 02 do you want us to do? 
 being done as I write this 
 Jean: I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further.... thanks for the article. john 
 We just finished doing the xpit that they asked for.  They have agreed to send the money immediately after that was done.  We should be getting the money very soon.  Hold off on the letter right now. 
 Please notify me as soon as the wire has been sent.  I assume you are working on this right now. 
 can you confirm when we get it? 
 I thought I had pulled one over you...  I don't envy your job.  The trade guys do a good job of ganging up on you. 
 ready any time you are 
 according to whom? 
 we have until thursday i believe 
 if they demand this on thursday, i'm going to put their nat gas operation out of business. 
 i was just thinking i should invite you to come over tonight.  wanna come? 
 would like to meet to review to make sure i understand.  may only take a couple minutes.  are you free at 330 on tuesday? 
 how about 4:00? 
 sure 
 -4 
 fyi : Having more and more counterparties that will only deal on one side of my market. 
 call me if you need me 
 I've got them.  What's your fax # 
 cancel tonight's festivities 
 let's push until monday 
 remind jim how the h/j/k spread acted this year.  granted it won't behave that way again until close to expiry, but i like the j/k outright much moreso than the condor. 
 can you approve this 
 pull up www.dynegy.com and look at the picture and the headline 
 for at least another couple days 
 mirant and koch arent selling physical 
 I talked to Man and they agreed to back off.  They will not call for more margin nor will they require us to move positions, as of this minute anyway.  If you hear any differently, please call me. John 
 wanna get a smoothie with me by the playground with me after school? 
 aep goes out and celebrates every night. 
 Sorry, but don't know the names offhand.  Haven't seriously looked externally for 5 years. 
 what article in the chronicle? 
 how bout 3:15? 
 yea, call me when you're walking out 
 ...since I waited half an hour for you last time 
 okay skilling 
 Tell them that margin will be posted as normal, no excess nor any intraday calls.  Since ENE is flush with liquidity, he should be very comfortable that we can pay our bills.  The positions will roll off through time until the position gets very small and then we will x-pit everything out of Man and close the account.  Anything different and all dealings between Man and Enron in energy will be terminated in both OTC and futures. 
 yes 
 isnt that pasta yummy and nutricious? 
 i'm working out w/ perky at tline around 530 today if you're interested. 
 do you still look at this? 
 You're a jerk 
 can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.  I have a personal favor to ask them. john 
 I think we're sneaking out early to get a beer around 3-4.  Wanna come? 
 yea right.  on what?  corporate marketing?   ha,ha,ha 
 yep 
 wed after work  what's in it for us? 
 but really? 
 5 
 I spose so but we might have to take stupid as well I just found out. 
 she's not allowed to go anymore per ENE 
 can you get my after 3 eol volumes asap 
 I liked my drawing better 
 pookie: check this out: www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html 
 Looking into it 
 Kristin: Sorry for the delay.  Unfotunately I don't have any openings in my group right now.  If I hear of any positions open I'll give you a shout.  Can you remind me what title you have now. John 
 full day today because of aga  yea, going home to the Big D 
 everybody and their mom is short. Plus, a lot of people think the z/f is too wide so either the front needs to go up or the back down.  nope 
 The reason I asked is, this sounds bad, but right now the cheaper you are the easier time I'll have finding you a job. 
 Is it okay to leave around 3:00? 
 did not, but I went to my wine locker and picked out 12 bottles for the weekend so I think we're okay unless you're taking some to your friends.  I'll call you when I'm ready and we'll figure it out. 
 huh? 
 212 836 5030 
 kimberly: any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite? 
 sure 
 may be looking to sell some naked calls soon.  can you check that i would be approved to sell 200 of either 65 or 70's expiring somewhere between jul-jan. also, if i sell naked calls with a tenor of more than one year that expire worthless, do the gains get counted as LT cap gains? 
 sure, how about thursday at 3:30?   would like to get update on ENE's lng projects as well.   Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   04/24/2001 07:28 AM 
 my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15 
 are we first?  if not, when does the road show start and/or when does the b= asic theme get distributed around the industry? 
 1.   don't know.  some industrial shutdown is not gas price dependent.  some will not come back at the same prices it went off.  residential conservation i think is underestimated and has a severe lag effect that will not come back as prices fall.  as far as switching i dont think #2 is the floor some people think it is.  maybe #6 is the floor. 2.  you know my outlook for xh,  with slightly above normal weather jan goes out at 2.75 and that is not constrained by a #6 floor.  next jv, too far away to really run the numbers but think natty reestablishes itself as a $2.50-3.50 commodity. 3. the obvious 4. yes.  believe if we end at 2.6 in the ground, the current nymex forward curve may be fairly priced.  my belief is that at the current prices we will end up with much more than 2.6 and that $5 is not value if we have 2.8 in the ground and gaining y on y.  circular argument that leads to my belief that prices must fall. 5.  not necessarily.  will loss of demand with normal weather cancel the fact that there will be much less demand destruction.  probably. 
 can you send jean a list of her seat numbers 
 thanks a lot 
 most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5. 
 awfully close...... 
 yes 
 fuck you 
 do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight? 
 Hello, I noticed you carried several of the 98 Zoom Zins.  Any chance you have the 33 year old vines version?  Please advise, John 
 you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form?  no way. 
 Mike: Please resend the forms needed although I may have sent the necessary docs with the courier that delivered the check.  Do not believe we've seen the worst yet.  Will not be looking to put more money to work on the long only side for a while.  Even with the rally today I do not believe we've seen the worst yet. 
 Please send it to me. john 
 Catherine: Sorry it's been so long since I could respond.  With the craziness here I am way behind on everything. #1. 3 years #2.  volume way down on exchange recently with recent volatility.  volume probably averaging 25000 these days.  EOL volume averaging around 14000. Very high percent of market.   Current market conditions shows why our transactional model of being one side of every trade is superior. #3.  good liquidity first 3 years.  okay liquidity years 4-6. #4.  calendar 2004-2008 maybe 1 trade a day.  70% chance Enron is one side. calendar 2009-2013  very rare that it trades.     Catherine Pernot@ENRON  12/01/2000 02:31 PM 
 It's funny the spreads in gas.  First, in gas, you can play the seasonality game.  Does anybody want to buy M/N at 1 back.  No, of course not.  But in crude, m/n at .10 back is normal.  definitely a game as you try to keep month on month spreads somewhat within reason while preserving year on year spreads and creating equilibrium for where cal 2 on back hedging and spec demand is. that's why cal 2 is as high as it is. when was the last time the most bullish part of the nat gas curve was prompt month.  i can't remember w/o looking at charts.  it's always the mentality of: if it's tight now what about July or what about winter.  i think that's why the winter spreads are a piece.  the z/f/g fly is interesting.  i think z/f can and will settle backw.  just a high prob it goes cantango first. Still seeing sellside interest in term.  definitely a result of pira.  will probably get absorbed in the next two weeks as everybody forgets about them and watches the front of the curve.  previous to that conference, the producers just didnt want to sell anything.  tired of writing us a big check every month. so not only am i in on weekends, but they just put a computer in my house so i can work at home at night.  it's really my only time to sit and think without the phones and eol going crazy.  they better pay me for the decline in my lifestyle . 
 Please call her and schedule 
 We both thank you 
 So, what is it?   And by the way, don't start with the excuses.   You're expected to be a full, gourmet cook.  Kisses, not music, makes cooking a more enjoyable experience. 
 sure, stop by and we'll arrange a place to meet.  If you come by  during trading hours though, I can only say hi for a couple seconds. 
 how about 6:00 for drinks 
 I've got a "strategy" mtg from 3:00 - 5:00.  It's very important.  I've got to strategize about things.  Not sure about exactly what.  Just things. 
 anything new in the world of marketing? 
 yea, how about 3:30? 
 how about 4:00? 
 a couple more thoughts.  certainly losing lots of indutrial demand both to switching and slowdown in economy.  Big 3 automakers all temporarily closing plants for instance.  switching is significant and has led to cash in the gulf expiring weak everyday.  gas daily spread to prompt trading at $1....need some very cold weather to justify that.  this seems to be the test of the next 3-5 days.   Will the switching/loss of demand/storage management keep cash futures spread at reasonable levels or will it blow to $5+. Not too many years ago we had a $50 print on the Hub.  unless we get some crazy prints, you have to question the steep backwardation in the market.  funny watching the flies in the front.  Bot large chunk of g/h/j at $.50 friday morning.  probably worth 1.30 now.  crazy.  people have seen each front spread be weak since forever and are already starting to eye up g/h.  what's the thoughts on distillates...  is it tight enough such that gas switching is the marginal mmbtu of demand and pulls it up or is the market too oversupplied to care? 
 I can't get into this....any ideas? 
 Savita: A couple of issues:  1.  I'm having trouble setting a syncopated basis child of a syncopated basis child (grandchild).  Is this not currently allowed by the system?  2.   I have a lot of counterparties whom click on hub gas daily when they meant to trade nymex.  Although I would like the nymex filter to bring gas dailies, is there anyway to separate them a little more clearly.  Eventually I would like to run all my products in parallel with gas daily, but I'm restricted right now by issue #1.  Please advise, John 
 Oh yea, I always get those two places confused. 
 pira's certainly got the whole market wound up.  I've seen a wave of producer selling for the first time in two months over the past two days.  Most selling Cal 1 off the back of Pira.  Pira certainly commands a lot of respect these days.  Too much, probably. The problem with all these bull spreads (ie F-H) is the thought process in natty is that if Jan is strong, just think what happens when you get to March and run out of gas.  The spread game is very different than playing crude. These spreads haven't moved for the past 1000 point runup.  You know there were guys bullish this market trying to play it with spreads and haven't made a penny. Just to clarify, Pira said 3 bcf y on y for Z1?  That seems hard to believe. 
 of course...  just kidding.  Aldo's next week. you're done.  Open up your checkbook baby. 
 Jerk 
 Lady, c'mon...you're just one of the guys!  Wanna go to Treasures tonight? 
 Please call me at 713 557 3330 
 Premonition? 
 I am not who you think I am.  I have never been in IDRC nor am I in the profession. Thx, John 
 Frank: Susan Scott, Larry's risk manager, will compile and send you a spreadsheet of total p&l minus new deal p&l since June 1.   Can you review this data and compare it to the respective VAR numbers for these dates.  I think you will see the VAR numbers way overestimate his p&l volatility. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Gary: Just checking to see if the Trader's Roundtable includes us gas boys.  I would certainly be interested in attending. John 
 Yea, problem is I left at noon to catch my flight, but Marc had a later flight because NY is closer to Columbus than here. Right after I left, the market got very busy and Marc decided to stay at work and not go.  So that sucked.    Jennifer Burns  10/12/2000 04:09 PM 
 sure 
 amazing how with cash futures at $1 and the back such a piece that f/g under such pressure.  month 2 has been the strongest part of the board all year. will be interesting to see what happens when h/j is prompt.  could j actually be strong?  seems like of the spreads on the board the best risk reward is in f/g.  a little worried about having the z/f effect again.  that is, all spec length trying to roll and funds trying to roll  at the same time leading to some ridiculous level at expiry.  any thoughts? 
 Sounds as if you went to a better show than I did.  The game was very sloppy.  They tied 0-0.  Not too exciting.     Jennifer Burns  10/12/2000 03:43 PM 
 how was the concert? 
 Thx, I do not have high speed service yet. 
 sounds good 
 82 
 I will not be able to attend    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey: I hope you know we were just kidding with you yesterday.  We don't get many strangers on the floor so we have to harass them when we do.  I think I am a couple of the "we are not" attributes in your book.  Is that going to cause me any problems going forward? John 
 I've got your tix.  Just two though.  I left them in my car.  Can you walk down with me around 11:45-12:00? 
 No 0-jun 1  indicative offer is 4.85 
 how's 3:00? 
 cant handle the pressure of big money?? 
 Absolutely.  Come by around 3:30?? 
 how about 4:45? 
 John: Please call Lavorato's secretary, Kim, and schedule a time to talk with John ASAP. Thanks, John 
 Yea, I'm picking up 2 tix today....hopefully. John    Jennifer Burns  10/09/2000 10:38 AM 
 I was long 4000 X @ 4902, then I switched it from X to F at the same price. I switched it at 5000, but it puts me into the F at a price basis of 4902. Sorry for the confusion.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I can do it either way but would much rather just make it the simple average of prices, 5 per week. 
 Adam: Good question.  The exchange, NYMEX, and I, Enron Online, offer a nearly identical product.  The fight is over which execution model is superior.  I would argue that technology will make open outcry exchanges extinct.  It's happened in Europe already.  The largest commodity exchange in Europe, the LIFFE, went with a parallel electronic system to open outcry.  Within weeks, the floor was deserted and virtually all trading occurred electronically.  I still trade on the exchange because we have credit issues with individuals and certain hedge funds that limit the trading we can do with them direct. The exchange still provides a credit intermediation function that is useful. It is certainly an issue that we are trying to address. John 
 yes 
 Dave: We spend a tremendous amount of resources and money collecting information. Further, the flow we see gives us an advantage in the market.   We have little interest in distributing this info outside of the building.  I hope you understand.   Good luck to your brother. 
 Oops, I hadn't gotten to this one yet.  Can we do it any later? 
 why does everybody in this company know my p&l????? 
 Yea ... the later the better. 
 Sorry for not responding.   I don't look at my email constantly through the day.  Don't have much to do in Q/U still it widens back out. Thanks, John 
 Something to take a look at 
 Thanks 
 Can you handle this.  Please forward all names on the daily P&L sheet.  I get a copy every day if you need. 
 Mark: We are still on for drinks on the 19th.  You have called the market very well since you started sending me updates.  Unfortunately for both of us, a couple of good calls does not a soothsayer make.  Thus, keep sending me your updates so I can at least get a little broader judgment of your abilities.   In terms of my trading style, I take positions to make $.25-$1, not $.05.  Too much noise in this market to trade differently for me. 
 Hey: I just want to confirm the trades I have in your book. Trade #1.  I sell 4000 X @ 4652  Trade #2. I buy 4000 X @ 4652 I sell 4000 X @ 4902  Trade #3 I buy 4000 X @ 5000 I sell 4000 F @ 5000   Net result: I have 4000 F in your book @ 4902. Thanks, John 
 Received 
 Credit lines are like bandwidth.  Create the capacity and we'll find a way to use it. 
 Mark: Let's keep the present system for the short-term.  I would like to continue looking at your work for another couple weeks.  We'll talk later, John 
 http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/Weather/WeatherMain.htm 
 John: I have asked Mike and Larry to spend half an hour each talking to you about opportunities on the gas floor.  Please advise if the following schedule is unacceptable.  I will be leaving today at 2:15. Larry 4:00-4:30 Mike 4:30-5:00  Thanks, John 
 Russell: I think I should give you a little background on small ventures.  Bill Perkins and I have a strong personal and professional relationship.  He is an extremely creative individual.  Whalley actually commented on him today as someone "who thinks outside the box".  Bill actually sat in a bar four years and said the next tradeable market would be bandwidth.  He has been successful in the gas business when he has had someone to filter his ideas. As such he provides an informal consulting role to Enron.  He throws out ideas and, every once in a while, he comes up with a great one.  He pointed out an anomalous pricing occurence in the options market, a market I normally don't follow closely, that I translated into a multimillion dollar trade for Enron.  In return, I have agreed to have Enron intermediate his trades within reason.  I want to emphasize that continuing this relationship should be considered a high priority.  I am willing to accept some of the credit risk exposure as a cost of doing business.  Bill understands his role as an independent in the market and performs the right risk/reward trades for someone with finite capital.  I place very high confidence in Bill not conducting high risk trades.  Having said that, we certainly need to monitor his credit exposure and continue to require LC's.  Just understand that he is at a different level of sophistication that any other non-investment grade counterparty.  I understand there was some concern in regards to the Transco Z6 spread option he traded.  He was absolutely right about the valuation and we, on the trading desk, knew it as well.  There are a couple isolated products that Enron does not do a good job of valuing because of systems limtations.  This was one product.  Our spread options are booked in Excel using option pricing models created by the research group.  The problem with these models is that they are strictly theoretical and don't take into account gas fundamental price limitations.  For instance, it is less probable, though not impossible, for a transport spread from a production area to a market area to go within variable cost than the models predict.  Thus it is necessary to apply a correlation skew curve on top of the overlying correlation used.  Obviously, we have this function in our pricing models.  I was not aware this methodology had not been transferred to the valuation models.  This has since been changed.  Fortunately these incidents tend to be extremely rare as very few non-investment grade companies trade these types of products.  Finally, on Friday Bill wanted to do a trade that reduced his exposure to Enron.  I gave Mike Maggi the go ahead to do the trade without consulting credit.  I do not believe that I acted out of line in approving this trade considering the circumstances.  If you believe differently, please advise. Thanks, John 
 Can you swap me with Fletch.  Try to make all of my interviews as late as possible. Thx John 
 Just an update: Today I set up a front month fixed price gas daily product priced at parity to NYMEX.  I thought the response was tremendous.  It really shows that we might have an angle to put out more of the curve and become the predominant benchmark for the industry rather than the exchange.  One problem I had was linking 2 syncopated basis products.  I set up a new product for the prompt that was Nov GD/D Henry Hub that was a syncopated basis of 0/0 to the Nov Nymex.  However, since Dec Nymex is a syncopated basis to Nov Nymex, I could not set up a syncopated basis link around the Dec Nymex.  Any ideas? 
 Jeff: Anything ever happen with Pedron? John 
 Boys: I'm sorry you were not able to attend last night.  I do appreciate your efforts to make this book as successful as it has been.  It's not quite the same as being in my company, but take your respective wives, or swap, I don't care, out this weekend on me.  Try to keep it under $300 per couple.  Keep up the good work, John 
 What design are you talking about?  Do I have pink elephants on all my emails or something?  I'm very enthused that I have the skillset to be an advertising critic when I grow up.  It's something I've always wanted to do.   PS.  I'm a little sarcastic as well. 
 As far as lunch, it's a done deal.  I need names of people who should be allowed.  It is not for the whole floor, but rather for people who need to stay at their desk during the day.  Please advise, John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Looks good.  I'm a little confused as to how many users can be on.  The system needs to be able to handle 50+ users at one time, each being able to post messages any time. 
 A funny story: Because Access was up 75 cents last night, Nymex made a trading limit of unchanged to +150.  After 20 minutes of trading, we were at unchanged and the exchange stopped trading for an hour. Rappaport, the exchange president, was standing by to make sure everything was orderly.  Obviously, the locals weren't too happy about the exchange closing.  One yelled at Rappaport... "Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock" 
 Thank you for sending this.  If only you sent it a couple hours earlier. Just kidding.  T Boone must have heard this because he sold everything today.   9000 contracts. John 
 home.enron.com  this is home.enron.com. 
 Jim: I apologize for the comment after your order.  I knew you didn't like the market last night so I was surprised when you were an buyer this morning. It's not your style to change views quickly as you tend to trade with a longer term view.   I was out of line with the comment and it won't happen again. John 
 Hi: Can you get me subscriptions to the following magazines: The Economist Energy Risk Management Havard Business Review Thanks, John 
 Hello: I am John Arnold.  I believe you're looking for Jeff Arnold. 
 I really liked the commercials about specifics (i.e.  weather, EOL, bandwidth).  The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level than where my brain operates.  Still not quite sure what was going on there. Ode was a bit too idealistic.   The campaign in general was very different than previous.   But I guess you know that and that's the point.   Again, I think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very impressive.  Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact.  Sorry I ruined your run.  At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car thief. 
 Joe: I just wanted to run this past you... John 
 I'm not sure what is happening on my position.  It may have to do with how you shaped the forward vol and price curves at each level.  My VAR is so dependent on spread levels and vols that a small change in the Jan vols could produce that effect. The results certainly provide evidence of a need for higher VAR going into the winter. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 i think it is something we need to do.  please set it up 
 Hey freak: So we finally had LA type weather here for the past two days.  Highs in the mid-70's.  Beautiful.  Life's just cruising along.  Nothing new.  I put a bid in for a condo in a new mid-rise building going up in West U that they accepted.  If all goes as expected I'll move in next X-Mas.  So are you adjusting to the big city.   Got yourself a big Hollywood actor boyfriend yet? John 
 It's getting harder and harder to root, root, root for the home team. 
 Thanks.  This is exactly what I wanted. John    Enron North America Corp. 
 Ben: Jeff Shankman gave me your name.  I have assumed Jeff's old responsibilities as head of the natural gas derivatives trading group.  Our broker, EDF MAN, supplies us with $50 million of margin financing every night.  They are trying to clean up their books for end of quarter and/or year on Sep 30. They have asked if we can post the $50 million overnight on the 30th.  We did this last year as well.   Please advise, John 
 Mark: You've called it right thus far.  Let's plan to get a drink after work on the 19th. Thanks, John 
 I'm sorry but I have plans for Thursday already.  Maybe next time. John 
 Hi: The big money making floor?   I don't think I like that.  Too much pressure...what happens if we screw up?  I went to the website and clicked on the link but all I got was a mess of characteres and symbols.  Any ideas how I fix it? John 
 can you please add this 
 What'd you do to my Cowboys? 
 Eric: I passed the customer on to Jennifer Fraser and Fred Lagrasta.  Please coordinate with them. Thanks, John 
 seems crazy.  if you're willing to ride it for a few cents against you it's a great trade.  who knows where they're going in th eshort term though 
 Steve: Sorry for the delay.  I was actually out of the office Thursday and Friday...some Enron management training seminar bs.  Count me as a probably for dinner on Friday.  I know JP well. Darcy Carrol's number is 713-646-4930. See you this wknd John 
 see you there    Enron North America Corp. 
 COO's: Do either of you have an objection to using Cantor as an OTC broker? 
 You're not done yet big boy. 
 Thx for the spreadsheet.   2 questions : What time frame does this entail and does the correlation between the trader and AGG GAS include that trader's contribution to the floor's P&L.  In other words, is my P&L correlated with the floor or is it correlated to the rest of the floor absent me?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff: Man is looking for money again to hold them over for yearend.  Who do I need to talk to? john 
 I'm in all day mtgs on Thursday and Friday.   I'm free Wednesday afternoon 
 don't know.  think a little bit of everyone as the storage guys own it all. 
 Greg: The guy from MG whom I spoke to about clearing was Alfred Pennisi, VP of Operations.  He's out of NY.   He indicated his clearing costs were $3.10 versus the $4.50-5.00 I'm paying now. 
 Dave: A couple things about the limit orders:  1:  When a customer opens up the limit order box, I think the time open should default to 12 hours.  We want the orders open as long as possible. Now, it is more work to keep the order open for 12 hours than for 1 hour. Traditionally, limit orders are a day order, good for the entire trading session unless specified otherwise.  2.  Today Pete had 13,000/ day on his bid because he was hit for small size. When I tried to place a limit order, the quantity had to be in 5,000 increments of 13,000 (i.e. 3000, 8000, 18000...).  I could not overwrite the quantity to be 15,000.  3.  Everytime a limit order is placed, an error message occurs on the system saying error trade, price not available.  4.  Is there a way to modify a limit order, such as changing the price, without canceling it and resubmitting a new one?  If not, this would be a valuable feature.  Thx, John 
 Please remove me from your mailing list 
 I spoke to Alfred Pennisi from MG today.  MG clears their own trades and maybe some for other customers.  He indicated that his cost for clearing is $3.05 round turn. If this is accurate, we need to evaluate whether clearing ourselves and issuing cp every night is less expensive than paying a higher clearing rate and getting access to financing.  This is a question I hope your analysis of the true cost of clearing will answer.  Also, fyi, over the past two days I have done two 6,000 lot EFP's with El Paso under the same structure I explained to you previously whereby long futures are transferred from his account to mine to lower initial margin costs. 
 if you have a minute sometime today, please stop by. john 
 yep...i'm always here 
 I'm actually trying to go through all my email from the week.  What a pain in the ass.  As soon as I finish one, another appears in my inbox.  So how's life at ucla? 
 Agree completely.  In that context, it looks good. 
 Hello: I will not be able to attend the meeting but do have interest in being a tutor in any math subjects.  Please advise, John 
 David: Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try simulating actual market cicumstances? 
 Jim: Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated.  I've certainly had some troubles this quarter.  I do appreciate your offer but I don't want to take away from the amazing year you've had so far.  Maybe you should come trade this... John 
 I would like to participate in the Enron presentation at Vandy. John 
 why would i be??? 
 Come talk to me sometime after 4:00 
 i filled in the spreadsheet 
 Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed? 
 How about 4:00? 
 can yuo set me up for the 4:00 mtg 
 you're right....they're full     Matthew Arnold  09/11/2000 02:26:50 PM 
 Please take care of this 
 someone had a foul odor for sure 
 I'm here... 
 Please schedule me for 10/10 from 3:00-5:00. 
 all you big boy... 
 Please take care of 
 Next Wednesday.... 
 Yea...can you come by around 5:30? 
 Take me off your mail list 
 take me off your mailing list 
 i'll let you know if they invite me this year. 
 just checking up on the status of the margin project.... 
 Cliff: I have 4 tix to the Black Crowes for you, third row center.  Where's your office now? I'll come up and say hello this afternoon if you have a minute. John 
 Please take me off your email list 
 The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company.   It is written about the lady who started EOL, but I'm in it a little.   Chief of natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means.  I run the Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people.  I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday.   Never been but heard it's beautiful.  Next time you're in we'll go out. J 
 I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs.  Can you cancel that please? J 
 Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny. Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but I think I just did. Your long lost buddy, John 
 Did you get the magazines I sent you? 
 Attached are settles tonight for seasons and years for next 10 years. Dutch is working on getting historical curves.  He should have it by tomorrow morning. John 
 Can you handle this please? 
 She's out no bitch 
 wassup wassup wassup.  plan drinks for any day early in the week 
 Please contact John Lavorato.  He will be in charge of these budgetary issues. Thanks, John 
 Fine with me 
 Frank: How do Sep basis positions roll off? John 
 And you wonder why America is the most productive country in the world. 
 Just FYI, whether it matters or not, but commissions in gas average $3-4 a contract.  Not sure about power. 
 Rahil: I have never commented favorably nor unfavorably about Kase's newsletter.   I think publishing independent market evaluations could be beneficial.  The more interesting content that is published, the better. 
 yes 
 Thanks 
 Ted: Lavorato wanted me to check on the $5,000,000 VAR extension.  Is it possible to get this extended indefinitely until the west basis market settles down? We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next week as well as indices get published.  Please advise ASAP. John 
 Dave: Just a reminder, can you send me a list of grandchildren to my products. Also, is it possible to systems-wise deny grandchildren to a specific product to ensure that the rule is enforced? John 
 no thanks. 
 Just some feedback on our EOL discussion.  Whalley had similar thoughts about how to address the ICE issue.  His thoughts are that if we are 4/5 on EOL, we post 1/8 on ICE.  If someone betters the bid to 1.5, a logic server automatically bumps up our bid to 1.75.  If someone betters that to 2 bid, we immediately go 2.25 bid.  So we are always the best market on ICE so long as it is not inside our EOL 2-way.  Thus the only way our best market shows on ICE is if without us the market is 3.75/5.25, at which point our 4/5 market gets shown.  If the 3.75 bid pulls out, so does our 4 bid.   Our proposal was that if EOL was 4/5 we would always show ICE 3.75/5.25.   Think about which system you like better.  Whalley loved Fletch's idea of running tally of brokerage saved and that will be implemented shortly.  I am going to call another EOL meeting for everyone on the gas floor managing a product this week.  The purpose will be to communicate about the importance of winning the electronic commerce game through a combination of improving 2-ways and killing the broker markets. 
 You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya?  Check out the Sep 11 Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo. 
 Hey: Can you send me the file that you produced of those names so I can shrink it down a little? Thanks, John 
 How about Tuesday at either 6:45 am or 2:15 pm my time. 
 Ina: Did you find out the info on the ENA management committee> John 
 Dave: I was thinking about our conversation yesterday.   If El Paso, absent this power deal, were to give us physical gas for 8 years discounted at their WACC in exchange for an upfront cash payment from ENE, is that transaction a mark-to-market gain for us?  If not, what's the difference in paying them with an asset rather than cash.  If it is a mark-to-market gain, isn't this a way to generate false P&L? John 
 Thanks, have a good time but no interest.. John 
 Must be nice to be a Wall Street executive 
 Hey: So I was thinking about your NY problem...I might have an answer.  The site http://www.bestfares.com/internet_charts/hotel_internet.htm lists cheap hotel specials.  The problem is they won't list them until the Wednesday before the weekend.  Check it out though.  They have some reasonable deals. John 
 Thanks.  This is a project we should have done 5 years ago. John 
 appears as though the time to get in was last wednesday and everybody already missed their chance to get out 
 Fine 
 Sarah: Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for all commodities (including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc). Also, can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and the rates we pay. Thanks, John 
 Jennifer: I'll be here, 3221F, tomorrow from 7:00 - 8:00 and 8:30-9:00 am. Thanks John 
 And I'm expecting the same from you. 
 Dear fellows, Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way (even if you don't plan on contributing)  if you haven't done so thus far. Thanks, John 
 Ina: 1.  Vacation is fine. 2.  Please put meeting below on calendar. 3. I am going to analyst presentation at Vanderbilt.  Find out when it is and put on calendar. 4. Can you find out who is on the ENA management committee meeting I went to along with their title and responsibilities. 5. Can you schedule a meeting for Tuesday or Wednesday late afternoon with Phillip, Hunter, and Fletch about EOL Thanks. 
 does the arnolds' worldwide notoriety surprise you? 
 when are we invited?? 
 Is that hugs or kisses? 
 Due to VAR reasons, you and I  both need to sell today.  Vol and price are going up, implying Enron can carry fewer contracts today than Friday.  Have your desk net sell 400 today. John 
 CONGRATULATIONS 
 Had Carlos Franco just shot a 49 yesterday instead of a 70, you would have won. 
 Hey, Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone's interview schedule.  He can come in earlier if necessary.  If you need to talk to him, he is staying at the Omni and his cell number is 917-699-2222.  John 
 I had a dream that you were laid off yesterday, the day before your deal.  Just checking on Saturday with third eye blind... 
 If J. Franco wins, you win $2425 If he loses, you lose $75 
 Web server noticeably slow today.  I'm getting a lot of bad failed trades (2-3 seconds behind when I change a price). Not necessarily slower than yesterday, but definitely slower than a month ago. 
 z/f trading 4 
 Thanks...anxiously awaiting 
 Andy: Just checking on the options.  Any idea on rollout date? John 
 Congrats on your new job.. 
 Z/F !!!!   wow.    Who would have thunk it.  Prompt gas at $6+ and Z/F as wide as last year.  Hard to think of a better scenario for it to flip. Rather, hard to think of any scenario for any z/f to be contango.   if it couldn't do it this year.... A lot of boys max withdrawing out of storage because that's what the curve told them to do last bid week.  Obviously, more gas trying to come out than is being burned, so you have to incentivize an economic player, like an Enron, to inject.  Problem is if we stick it in the ground now, we're pulling it out in G.  When you had z/g at 35 back and cash getting priced off g, cash/z looks awfully weak, thus putting a lot of pressure on z/f.  Storage economics will always dictate this market except maybe latter half of winter.  Buyers of h/j at 70 certainly hope so anyways. Agree with you that back half of the winter should be strong.  storage boys are withdrawing today and buying that.   bottom fishing in f/g yet or is it going to zero? 
 Scott: Congrats on some great tech analysis of late.  You've called it near perfectly over the past month.  John 
 I will not be able attend but Errol will be there in my place. Thanks, John   PAMELA SONNIER 08/09/2000 10:27 AM 
 thx 
 Hello, Just checking to see if things are progressing as scheduled. Thanks, John 
 67 
 Hey: Do you have any extras for tonight's game? John   PS.   How's you bowl 
 Yes, I  managed it while she was on vacation. 
 JP: Hope things are going well. I'm trying to get the email address of your new partner, Tracy. If you have, can you forward? Thx, John 
 Please tell me he's not analyzing bollinger bands. 
 Although I would prefer to see the counterparty name for failed transactions, it is not of great importance and I certainly understand a third party system not supplying us with that info. 
 thx 
 I am leaving early on Friday.  If they want I'll try to talk to the kid for 15 minutes around lunch. John 
 Please take me off email list. 
 The following is a summary of the trades EES did today:  # buys  # sells Sep  5 / day  5 / day Oct  4 / day Nov-Mar 3 / day  2 / day Apr-Oct  1.5 / day 2.5 / day  Total contracts traded = 2045  Thought you should know... John 
 Hello: There is one feature that has not been transferred to the new stack manager. When I sort by both counterparty and product at the bottom of the screen, the position summary does not sort by both product and counterparty, just by product.  It would be very useful if you can replace this. Thanks, John 
 z/f 10/12 
 Hey: Do you have JP's email address?  John 
 good seats sill available     Matthew Arnold  11/27/2000 12:33:48 PM 
 That is fine...Just make sure you ensure the confidentiality of the floor is not compromised.  Do not let him see any EOL entry screens. Thanks, John 
 fyi jan red jan 32/33 with sep @392 
 Vlade: I have not heard back from you.  What is the schedule for changing the VAR process? Please reply, John 
 fyi: Jan Red Jan trading 28.5 with Sep @ 381 
 Hey: What's the update on Larry May's VAR issues.   Again, this is a priority as we will lose Lavorato's VAR soon. Thanks, John 
 saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate margins/absolute position limits/var.  as these guys are taking off the front, they are also buying back summer.  el paso large buyer of next winter today taking off spreads.  certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong on the way up and such a piece now.   really the only one left with any risk premium built in is h/j now.   it was trading equivalent of 180 on access, down 40+ from this morning.  certainly if we are entering a period of bearish to neutral trade, h/j will get whacked.  certainly understand the arguments for h/j.  if h settles $20, that spread is probably worth $10.  H 20 call was trading for 55 on monday.  today it was 10/17.  the market's view of probability of h going crazy has certainly changed in past 48 hours and that has to be reflected in h/j. 
 The agreement is fine.  I'll mail it out. 
 Liz: Come by anytime... Thanks, John 
 thanks 
 Frank: One of the most likely scenarios for a VAR blowout would be a severe cold front hitting the country in the middle to latter part of the winter.  In such a circumstance, cash may separate from prompt futures similar to how Midwest power traded $5000+ on specific days last year while prompt futures were $200.  The correlation between prompt and cash is normally very strong, and is indicated by the small VAR associated with a spread position currently.  But in the winter that may change. Another thing to keep in mind while developing this scenario is the assymetric risk presented by having a spread position on.  Assuming we enter the winter with normal to below normal storage levels, a position of long cash, short prompt futures has a long tail only on the positive p&l side. While such a trade in an efficient market has expected payout of 0, the payout probabilities may look like the following:  20%  $ -.05 40%     $ -.02 20% $ 0 19% $ .03 1% $ 1     Enron North America Corp. 
 Vlady: The plan looks good.  Can you please attach a time schedule to the different steps and send it back. Thanks, John 
 VP ENA Nat Gas Trading 3-3230      Debbie Flores 07/18/2000 09:01 AM 
 Mary: These agreements are acceptable.  Please sign the give up agreements with Banc One. John 
 Jeff: In regards to the antitrust training, can you please schedule that at least one of the sessions starts at 3:00 or later to ensure participation by all. Thanks, John 
 Russell: My risk group frequently uses the New Counterparty label for internal counterparties that do not have a trading book.  This transaction was a hedge for the acquisition of the paper plant we announced recently.  I'm not sure who the internal group is that did the transaction.  Dutch Quigley should be able to help. John. 
 Thanks. 
 who were you trying to bet on?? 
 Andy: Is the new version of EOL coming out soon.  I'm waiting to put new products on until it comes... John 
 I think you're cheating trying to get a fixed amount.... I'll give $1 per pin. Good luck, John 
 Is it per game or point or what? 
 Jim: The list I gave you is a list of brokers that can clear through you, NOT brokers that you clear exclusively.  You do not clear any of my brokers exclusively.  All trades that clear through you will be done on discretionary trade-by trade basis.  You MUST have your floor personnel reverse everything they they told my brokers this morning.  I am not happy.  John 
 Jim: The following are the authorized floor brokers to accept trades from: Man Paribas SDI Refco Carr the old Fimat group (don't know what their name is now) Flatt Futures ABN  Thanks, John 
 Frank: The $5,000,000 extra VAR disappears in about a week.  There MUST be a band-aid to the term VAR curve before this expires.  Again, the back of the board is realizing 35-60% vol and it's being credited with 15% vol. Thanks, John 
 Hello: A recent posting on the Enron bulletin board indicated that you are looking for academic tutors.  I may be available to help at nights in math.  Can you please respond with details about the program, how old the kids are, the commitment required, etc. Thanks, John Arnold 
 Interesting observation...but I'm not sure I agree.   I think consensus opinion is that anything under 2.7 TCF is very dangerous entering the winter.  A month ago, analysts were predicting we would end the injection season with around 2.6 - 2.7 in the ground. With the most recent AGA, those projections seem to be closer to 2.7.  With supply of gas very inelastic to price in the short and medium term, you must look at the demand side of the equation.  The market is trying to price out the right amount of demand (mostly through lost industrial load and fuel switching) such that supplies will be stored rather than burned.  Each AGA number is another data point as to whether nat gas is high enough to price out enough demand to reach a comfortable level in storage entering the winter.   A low AGA number indicates we haven't priced out enough demand and the market must go up. Certainly, the 97 throws a curve in the bull argument, but the number  may be a function of very mild weather, a four day holiday weekend, and reporting noise rather than indicative of a structural shift in the supply/demand equilibrium.  We'll know a lot more as the next two weeks' numbers come out. If we get two low injections, watch out.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Frank: Just following up on two topics. One: Larry May's book continues to run at a VAR of 2,500,00 despite the fact his P&L is never close to that.  Can you check that his exotics book positions are being picked up in his VAR calcs.  Second:  Have you looked into applying a band-aid to the understating longer term Vol problem until we change formulas?  John 
 Margaret: As you can imagine, most information and procedures on the floor are extremely confidential.  We look at the gas market uniquely and using different tools than anybody else.  It is one of our competitive advantages. I'm hesistant to approve the use of any documents for external purposes. If you provide more information about what you're trying to show, who the target audience is, and what format it will be presented, I may be able to help you. John 
 Oak -11 or Atl +11  ????  Bet voided 
 Good job....I've got 10% of my portfolio in CGP.   Keep up the good work. 
 Per: Can you give the Campbell fund read-only access to EOL.  It may speed up the process if they see they can trade pre-market. John 
 I spoke to Vlady this afternoon regarding the alternative VAR methodologies. I think changing to a Riskmetrics historical VAR system is more defendable and objective, will provide more consistent results, and will create more realistic results.  I understand Vince has a similar opinion. John. 
 8 pm to 2 am 
 Greg's always on vacation.  You need to teach him some work habits.  Next Tuesday will work. John 
 I'll send 2 invites up.  What's your location? 
 I'm free from 4:00-5:00 today 
 Hello, Bill Perkins of Small Ventures USA is having a party this Saturday at the Mercantile bar downtown.  He has rented out the place, has a band, open bar...  usually pretty fun.  He asked me to give both of you an invite in appreciation of the work you've done for him.   If you have interest, ccmail me with whether you need one or two invites each. John 
 Hey, Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon?  --- Your secret admirer 
 Per: I've talked to him several times in the past.  I told him that you would call because of your experience with setting up funds.  They have two main problems.   One is setting up their internal systems.  Second, they have credit problems with a BBB+. Please call and introduce yourself. Thanks, john 
 adams 30  631 
 world cup 2006  --  Germany   BOO! 
 Dinner tonite....birthday boy??? 
 Please top level the following P&L out of my book because the market settled limit down.  End of day position Amount settle was off in my estimation  Total amount  V0  -1700   -.035     595,000 X0  6400   -.025     -1,6000,000 Z0  -1450   -.020     290,000 F1  4750   -.015     -712,500 --------------- -1,427,500 
 How about 4:00 ?? 
 Andy: Sorry...I was on vacation last week and fell behind my email.   Anytime you want to talk is fine.  I'll be around today if it works for you. john 
 Steve: Good hearing from you.  Hope all is going well.  I gave your name to Per Sekse in our New York office.  He deals with a couple hedge funds we currently do business with and has addressed some of the obstacles that we face with other counterparties.  He is on vacation this week but will call next week.  If you have any problems or concerns, feel free to call. John 
 euro 2004 in portugal 
 Hey Liz, Thanks for letting me use the phone.  A real life-saver.  My brother had a Nokia world phone on the trip and it seemed to work better.   It got reception some places where mine did not and is more user-friendly.  On a different topic...Greg talked me into upgrading to first class for a flight in December to Austr