 I could not open up the attachment but I could view it.  The locations I need are:  ANR SE ANR HIOS ANR transmission ANR Gathered ANR Offshore ANR Gathering HIOS LA offshore HIOS TX offshore NGPL LA supply NGPL Louisiana NGPL South Texas TRKL East LA TRKL TAB1 TRKL TAB2  Thanks,  Tom Donohoe 
 I got the info but wanted to know more about the preset programs.  The net advertisement shows 20 preset programs, but the info I received only shows 4.  I also wanted to know what the display looked like.  The literature does not show what the display  looks like.  I have what the 9.2 looks like but it appears that the 9.6 is different.  Also how fast does this machine get to. This machine has a 10 year warrenty.  Who will service this in Texas and If for any reason treadmill by net ceases to exist, what are the conditions of my warrenty.  On the preset programs can I just say I want to run X distance whether it is a hill workout, time or what ever?  What is the maximum amount of time a workout can be programmed to?  Are there only 10 segments even in a user defined program?  If I wanted 20 intervals in an interval workout is that possible?   If I wanted to run for an hour, does each segment have to be 6 minutes?  Tom Donohoe 
 Here is the contract information.  The contract group could not locate the CES-Devon contract so all I have is the info from TAGG and Sitara.  For the GTC and GISB contracts that have no paper, I wrote price and location on the EXCEL spreadsheat.  Tom Donohoe 
 I am in need of several more contract copies.  Could you please forward me contract: 96037261 96049419 96001003 96045391  Also, you had mentioned earlier that GISB contracts should not have been used on some of the contracts I earlier received.  Are the appropriate contracts going to be sent out,  or are we stuck with the ones in place.  Call with questions.  3-7151  Sincerely Tom Donohoe 
 The settle price is noted at 4.234 
 Here are the First of Month Prices.   Tom Donohoe 713-853-7151 
 Joe parks and I need 2 new desks set up in EOL so that the proper accountability is made for the products as they trade.  Joe Parks new ID id ENA-IM Cent Gulf NGPL.  My ID is ENA - IM Central Gulf.  Please Expidite this as it is keeping us from trading our products online. 
 Here are the prices for the first 
 The following are Enron's offers for May 200 supplies  Trunkline ELA base 3000 $3.065  Panhandle Field Base 10,000  Index less .0075   NGPL Midcontinent base 11,000 Index less .0075   NICOR City Gate Base 3,000 Index +0.   Please call  Tom Donohoe at 713-853-7151. 
 I requested some birth certificates about 3 weeks ago.  Can you tell me if the request has been processed.  I faxed in the request with my credit card number.  The transmission came back that you received the request.  The request was for William Monroe Donohoe (3/14/96) and Claire Louise Donohoe(5/18/98).  They were to be mailed to Thomas C. Donohoe at 4702 Gladesdale Park Lane Katy, TX  77450  Please call me at 713-853-7151 if there are any questions .  Sincerely,  Tom Donohoe 
 https://www.cefs.ubspainewebber.com/com/painewebber/csbs/stockoptions/newlook/pw.html 
 I never talk to these people so the numbers I have are old. Do they not recognize this deal?  It was scheduled so I assume the counterparty is correct. I have another number for Mike at 281-293-2203.  It could be old also. 
 Tony ? at 713-6276215 
  Click on the r0ck103 icon. 
  listen with headphones. click on rock 103 - ATT00001.htm - rock103.com.afghanihunt.mp3 
  Hello,  I have paid my entry fee to cook czhili.  I have decided not to cook and would like to get a refund on my entry fee.  I can not remember what the deadline is.  Please return this email to let me if I am in time with this request.  Tom Donohoe 4702 Gladesdale Park Lane Katy, TX 77450 
 I just bought the nancy drew collection on Ebay.  I would like to pay with my VISA. My phone number is 713-853-7151 during the day and 281-579-8195 in the evening. 
  re:skullman@netzero.net order #104-9279589-6003926  I ordered a nancy drew starter set months ago.  I was looking today and the starter set is offerd once again on the web site.  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0448416743/ref=pd_rhf_p_1/107-3017457-7450917.  Could you tell me if my order has been filled.  Sincerely,  Tom Donohoe skullman@netzero.net nightfight 
 http://www.recolorado.com/PropSearch/query2.asp 
 Dear Todd,  I did not hear from Jay at E-Prime.  Were my qualifications not what he was looking for?  I would like to have your phone number for future reference.   Sincerely,   Tom Donohoe 
 I am not sure these are right for my experience.  I have not ever traded power. 
 It requires a strong knowledge of the wholesale electricity business, and minimum gas knowledge.  It also requires a solid understanding of options evaluation.  I have traded the options but do not have a strong understanding of the greeks. 
 Mr. Lay,  Reuters just had an article that said upon closing of the Dynegy deal, you will receive $80,000,000 which buys you out of your employment contract.  Is this true?  If so, since you said in your speech that we are all feeling this pain together, will there be a distribution of the $80,000,000 back to the people who's lives have been crushed and will receive no additional compensation.  It seems unjust that while the people who had nothing to do with the downfall get nothing, the people who were involved in the downfall continue to be well compensated.  I,  as a trader on the gas floor,  am sitting here at my desk still making all attempts to make money for the company, wondering if  I will be getting my next paycheck.  Then I read that you are getting an additional $80,000,000.  I, as well as my fellow employees, feel betrayed once again.  What is the old saying about kicking the dead horse?  The difference is that this horse is still barely breathing and your $80,000,000 just sucked out the final bit of life.  The management level you have been at provides you the inside scoop on all these bad deals and the "pump and dump" that senior management has done to Enron stock over the last years.  It is a disgrace the way you and your senior management have ruined so many peoples lives.  How could you not know that the company would be taking a fall when you signed back on.  Other CEO's coming back into companies under the same situation have accepted no compensation until the company gets back on its feet again.  It seems that you knew what was going to happen, and were able to milk Enron out of another 80 million dollars.  I have learned a valuable lesson about how business really works.  As an employee, one should milk their company for everything they can get out of it no matter how many people are hurt.  Enron has been a cutthroat stab you in the back organization for a long time.  I always thought it was just my fellow employees doing every thing they could to get ahead.  I never realized that this was the creed that senior management lived by. Senior management must have been in their offices rolling on the floor every time some employee spoke up about trying to make vision and values a success.  You and your teams fine example has changed my life forever.  Aside from the fact that my kids will no longer be going to college, you have changed my thinking for ever.  I will never again believe anything my employers tell me.  I will never again put my company as a top priority.  It is a travesty what you have done to so many peoples lives.   Tom Donohoe 
 Dear Greg,  I appreciate you coming down to the gas floor and providing us some information about what is going on.  One of the questions that kept getting asked had to do with who will be retained, and what we will be paid when we are retained.  We were told that star performers will be retained.  At what profit level do we become star performers?  I understand you and your staff have a tremendous number of things that need to be accomplished.  As I talk with my peers, the most important thing on our minds is if we will have a job and what we will be paid.  John was saying that in a few months this issue would be addressed.  My immediate concern is to secure employment while there are still positions available with other companies.  I will accept the first lucrative offer that is made to me.  My peers have expressed the same sentiment.  In a few months, there may not be any jobs left.   We have to may hay while the sun shines.  We all have been bombarded with calls from executive search firms.  We are all racing for a limited number of jobs that promise substantially higher salaries.  What we need on this floor is some assurances.  Maybe it should be in the form of granting bonuses now and offering employment contracts.  We need some exact numbers in the form of dates, salaries, and bonus plans.  Scott Neal brought up this same question several times and John said he understood how critical this situation is.  If there are only trader track personnel left to run this company, will Dynegy still be interested?  Getting a bonus this year that reflects the work I put in is critical.  It is no where near as critical the issue of making sure my children have food on the table.  I do not have two months to wait to find out that the compensation I will be offered ends up being less than what a third party is willing to pay, or the bonus program is a based on a amount to appease me when I may have passed up a percentage deal.  Please sense the urgency that my peers and I are feeling.  Tom Donohoe 
 I don't understand.  My products will al trade the same except fro wednesday we will only trade day ahead.  We have to leave early because of the move. 
 Audrey,  You should get Martin Cuilla, Jason Williams, and Jim Simpsons info by Monday.  Andy is still questioning his employment  contract.  He does like the idea of the desk moving together though.  If you do get to the long term traders, Bryant Fryhart is excellent in his area.  Talk to you soon.  Tom Donohoe. 
 Jeanie,  In light of the layoffs that are coming on Monday, if HR is looking for people to layoff, is it  possible to volunteer for the severence package.  Please call if you have any questions.  Tom Donohoe 3-7151 
 Todd,  I would like to know which companies you have represented me to, and the result.  Please let me know as soon as possible.  I also would like your phone number.  Tom Donohoe 713-853-7151 
     Todd,  I would like to know which companies you have represented me to, and the result.  Please let me know as soon as possible.  I also would like your phone number.  Tom Donohoe 713-853-7151 
     Sent: Friday, April 20, 2001 11:21 AM Subject: ikea   - ikea.mpeg 
 It appears that the 16,000 was extra gas that the terminal overdelivered.  The imbalance is between the terminal and trunkline.  Dan Masters has agreed to take all these imbalances and net them in january 2002.  ENA has no responsibility for this gas and will not allow it to be put on our agreements.  This will only create an imbalance we will be cashed out on.  In January 2002  the price we settle up at will need to be decided at that time. 
 Audrey,  Martin, Jason, and Kevin were asking the status on the Sempra deal.  Are you going to call them and discuss what is going on?  I am not sure what to say.  Tom Donohoe 
 http://gasfundy.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 There is a possibility that the counterparty should be Duke Field Services,  We are checking it out. 
 if they are not confirming this deal are they confirming 1034254? 
 Dear Pastor,  For the last few weeks I have been under all type of excessive work related stre