 Very nice! I hate it when that happens. How is you week going? Mine has been pretty crazy but we're half way there. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 My mail stop is EB 3125A  Chris Dorland 
 TJae  Do you know what my mail stop # is? This person has some mail that doesn't seem to be finding me.  Thanx  Chris 
 Can you send it to my desk at 3116e please.  CD 3-1663 
 I still haven't received a 401K package. Who should I contact to get signed up?  Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Mike,  What's going on? I'm coming home Nov.22 for a few days. Ryan and I are going to go snowboarding on Friday the 24th. You should come. I am really happy with my car. It is a silver/black IS 300. I was suffering a little post purchase anxiety but I'm over it. Fuck it! You live once. Things here are pretty good. It helps having a couple of good friends who have been here a while. How are things in Calgary? I hope you have pictures from Halloween. Send me you address and phone #'s. I lost my old address book. I am loving this palm pilot. You have to get one of these things. I am going to buy a playstation sometime this week. Should I buy Tony Hawk 1 or 2? Better hop. I'll call you one night this week.  Chris  5151 Edloe St. #14306 Houston, TX 77005 H 713-588-5131 W 713-853-1663 C 713-416-6694 
 Yes  IS 300 Silver/Black - dark tint on the windows, killer 17's  I am very happy with it. I like it better than the 3 series.  cd 
 I booked my Christmas flights. I am leaving the afternoon of Friday December 15th and I will be back in the office on Tuesday December 26.  Chris 
 Brad,  Can you add Ricardo.Perez@enron.com to this distribution list?  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 
 Thanks for your attention but I already bought a vehicle.  Chris Dorland 
 Jill,  All is well in Houston. Finally getting settled in. Work is crazy. Trading power is not for the faint of heart. This is susposed to be the quiet season and I can't believe the volatility. How are things with you? All is well I trust. I will have to come for a visit some time to escape the Houston heat. Better go but keep in touch!  Chris  5151 Edloe #14306 Houston, Texas 77005  H 713-588-5131 W 713-853-1663 C 713-416-6694 
 I'm glad you had a good time. I know about 2 DM songs so I don't think I would have had as much fun in the rain.  cd 
 Ryan,  What's up? Reply to this so I can save you e-mail. I'll write more later.  Chris 
 Jennifer,  I am anxious to get set up on the 401K plan. Who do I need to talk to?  Thanx,  Chris 
 George has Oyster Creek coming back Nov. 25. We have it coming back Nov. 17 on our sheet. Let's assume George's info. is the best.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Just a note regarding my plans for Thanksgiving. I am going to fly out the afternoon of Nov. 21 and will be back in the office on Monday the Nov.27. I will need PJB to cover my daily trading on Nov.22.  Chris 
 Did you get her address? 
 That guy has a huge pussy!  cd 
 I think that you should make her something. Perhaps you could draw a picture or make something out of paper mache. I'll stop by Tiffany's and see if they have anything to go with her bracelet and earings (from x-mas).  Later skater...   cd 
 Rod,  What do you think of the Canadian bank stocks? Relative to their US counterparts they seem cheap. I know that the discount is due regulation (no take overs or mergers) but in a 4% interest rate environment a 4% dividend yield looks pretty attractive. Not to mention they continue to crank out earnings quarter after quarter.  Chris 
 Did you send Amanda a card? 
 Hey,  What's up? Dave is in Mexico but I will call Scott and see if he has plans. We might be having a trading group bonding session (dinner and intense drunkeness) on Friday at my boss's hoose but if not I'd love to check out the game. Can I let you know tommorow? Let me know...  Chris 
 Rod,  When I am in the US can I buy/sell securities in my RRSP?  Chris 
 Crystal,  Scott is off to Dallas for the weekend but I think I can swing checking out a game on Friday. How many people? I'll try to find some Enron tickets. Let me know...  Chris 
 Tych,  I'm looking for 4 tickets for Friday's Astros game. If you stumble upon any let me know.  Thanx  Chris 
 Stock market is exploding. Dow 11133 (up 260). Nasdaq 2150 (up 60). It has to be higher than where you bought now?  Chris 
 You de man! 
 I have 4 tickets for Friday. I don't know if they are good, bad or what but they are free. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 I would like to move to the Enron Center garage.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 713-853-1633 
 Hey!  I think I am going to go home early so do you want to meet at my place around 6:30?  Chris 
 Chris Dorland Home 713-588-5131 Cell 713-416-6694 
 How was the Polo match? Did you catch the Sopranos season finale? A little disappointing if you ask me. I worked out yesterday and I can't straighten my arms. A little uncomfortable. Bring on the Advil. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 What's going on? Making some $? I having a pretty good month. What do you think of the stock market? I am practically all cash and Enron. Thinking of buying some TD and Royal Bank. Any great ideas?  Chris 
 You not working today? I called like 3 times. Did you hear about Jaimie Hawley's litttle brother? She must be a mess. I haven't got anything for Mom's b-day yet. Any great ideas? Did she get her flowers for Mother's day? Father's day is coming up June 17. Maybe we should give Dad that Arnold Palmer flag for father's day. Later...  Chris 
 Did you see the quote in the Wall Street journal? Check it out.  Chris 
 no 
 taking off for the day... give me a shout on my cell  Chris 
 I don't know what my user name an password are for the system.  Chris Dorland 
 I don't think the machine that I use for ICE has been upgraded to windows 2000. There is no business applications selection under start>>programs>>on this machine.  Chris 
 Hey!  Is Johnny available on Saturday night? We need to think of something to do though. Let me know.  Chris 
 Any interest in playing golf Sunday with Ryan, my Dad and I ?  Chris 
 Dad,  Please don't forget to make tee times for Saturday and Sunday. I was thinking around noon Saturday and around 4pm on Sunday (Ryan can't make it untill then).  Thanx,  Chris 
 I think Rob and I might try to golf (or just hit some balls) after work. If we do we will probably go to Tradition (way North). I'll let you know. If I'm not going to be home I could leave your Amex in an envelope at the office of my apartment or you could grab it when I get back. Let me know...  Chris 
 Thanx! 
 Check this out! 
 What a fucking day!  Curve shift (500K) New deals 400K  This is a tough market to trade in. 
 Terry,  I didn't receive any call (I may have accidentally deleted it) but I filled out an accomplishment sheet for Barry Tycholiz yesterday.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Louis  Thank you!  I have been really crazy and was going to come down and talk to you this afternoon.  They were deducting me for parking 9 and parking 11.  Thanx again,  Chris Dorland 
 Thanx  cd 
 Chris,  I don't have AOL but I'll try to get set up this afternoon.  Thanx,  CD 
 TJae do you know the phone number for the doctor's office?  Thanx  Chris 
 Kim,  What is the address of the HR website where I can see my old pay stubs? I'm trying to sort out my parking situation.  Thanx  Chris 
 Where is AB gas? This market is such a shit show. How are things going? I am going to get fucked on broker gifts this X-mas. That sucks.  Later  CD 
 In order to access the phone system I need a password. I have requested one twice but still haven't received it.  Thanx,  Chris 
 POWER IS JUST AS CRAZY  I HAVE TO GO PUT ON MY RAINBOW WIG AND RED SHOES AND GET BACK TO THE CLOWN SHOW!  CD 
 Kim,  Can you contact Mikie Rath regarding my 401K plan. I haven't received anything from Northern Trust and would like to get set up. I would like begin contributing as soon as possible.  Thanx,  Chris  (PS The way it was explained to me the $10 500 / annum contribution limit is only for personal contributions and does not include company matching, is this correct?) 
 I am not using CQG but I think someone in Canada is using my ID  Chris 
 Some of my questions.  What is the difference between the 401K plan and savings plan?  How much does Enron contribute / match for each plan?  What is the max. annual 401k contribution?  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kim,  Thanx for your help with my parking problem. I will contact Louis and hopefully he can take care of it. Can you give me a call sometime Tuesday afternoon. I have some ?'s about the 401K and savings plans.  Thanx  Chris 
 How did the pattened move work?  cd 
 Did you where you clown suit to work?  What a fucking shit show!  cd 
 Just so you know we are expecting the coldest weather in 4-5 years to hit Alberta this weekend and next week. Temps of -40 celcius are not out of the question.  Chris 
 403-343-0911? 
 Kim,  I am getting parking deducted twice from my pay check. Who do I contact to straighten that out?  Thanx  Chris 
 I had to flee to Houston.  cd 
 Ricardo,  Please make sure someone knows how to update the PJM daily sheet while you are out?  Thanx,  Chris 
 I can't believe I didn't sell more ENE... Ouch!!!  cd 
 I think I have a lasagna in there. You can have it.  cd 
 What are some good interview questions? Poll your co-workers.  cd 
 I'm updating my palm pilot send your info.  cd 
 What's up? How are things? Have you had the boards out yet? I need a snow report. Hope all is well. Better hop but keep in touch.  cd 
 Congrats! How was Bali? I've heard it is beautiful.  cd 
 That is some funny shit! 
 Anne,  According to the people at the PEP help desk I don't exist. Maybe that's why I don't get mail or paystubs?  Chris Dorland 
 Hey there Mr. Fancy! How would you feel about doing some golfing this weekend? Give me a shout.  Chris  w 713-853-1663 h 713-588-5131 
 Anne,  I still haven't received any pay stubs since I have been in Houston. Can I get copies of those somehow? Could you send my something in the inter-company mail so I can see if my mail stop has been really been changed? I haven't received any mail of any kind which seems kind of weird.  Thanx  Chris Dorland  (P.S. thanx for the PRC info.) 
 Can you please remove me from this distribution list. I am now in East Power Trading in Houston.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Anne,  I didn't receive my USER ID for PEP. Do you know how I get it?  Chris 
 Mike,  Change my e-mail address to Chris.Dorland@enron.com. You have a really old one that I'm surprised is still supported (cdorlan@ect.enron.com).  Chris  (Like you will every see a $ from this!) 
 Happy Anniversary! I will deliver the card in person in about 10 days.  Chris 
 So the squares are not all the same size. It is an optical illusion rather that a brain teaser.  Chris 
 If you didn't get the e-mail I just sent you with a link in it check out the latest www.theonion.com  cd 
 Any word on my expense $?  Chris 
 Margaret,  How do I get to your office? I would like to come by and get my Visa documents.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 713-853-1663 
 I have received my health insurance and perscription drug card but not my dental card. Hopefully today my mail will find me.  Chris Dorland 
 I haven't called Northern Trust yet. I will call them this afternoon. With regard to the benefits I don't think I have received the 2001 benefits package yet but I will check. If I don't want to change my coverage do I have to fill anything out?  Chris 
 H town is good. Work is crazy but I like my new role. The weather is nice vs. snow in Cow town. How are things with you? Are you still commuting across the country? What is your buddy at William's name? Do you know what region he trades? Getting busy now better hop.  Keep in touch,  Chris 
 Patrick,  Good to hear from you. I won't be needing my blubber where I am. I moved to Houston at the end of September. Things here are good. I'm trading electricity in the North Eastern US and so far things are going pretty well. I never did make it to Toronto this summer. Hope things are going well for you and keep in touch.  Chris 
 Somebody should check Drewlo's clothes for paint thinner.  CD 
 Laurel,  I have been transferred to Houston, TX. Could you please take me off the Calgary distribution list.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 
 Lloyd,  I would like Ricardo and I to sit down with Kevin and go over how our PJM load forecast model works. I want to use it, or a version of it, for day to day sensitivity analysis. I haven't met Kevin yet so if you could mention this to him I would appreciate it. I would also like to sit down with you some time this week to talk about PJM fundamentals and co-ordinating our analytical efforts. I want to get a feel for what we have done and set some goals as to what needs to be done. Let me know if one afternoon this week works for you.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 Just a little something to brighten up your weekend! 
 I haven't received the tickets yet but they are on the way.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Jennifer,  I e-mailed my mail stop number to Rebecca Torres (EB3125A) on Oct.30. and left her a voice mail message yesterday. I just sent her the info. again.  CD 
 Rebecca,  My mail stop is EB 3125A. I e-mailed you that info. on Oct.30 and left you a voice mail message.  CD 
 I am at EB3116e.  CD 
 Ricardo,  This consultant report has Brunner Island back on. Our sheet doesn't have it coming back untill Nov.3. Which is correct?  Chris 
 FX is a total fucking mess in Calgary. I have actually thought about the problems a little bit. Call me if you want to talk about specifics (x3-1663). Things in Houston are good. The weather is great now. Year round golf is nice. Power is a total shit show. The volatility is crazy and this is the off season. I need to get rested up for the summer. Take it easy  CD 
 Jennifer,  My pay stub seems to be lost in in the abyss. Is there someone I can call to make sure it finds me?  Chris 
 Hawker,  What's going on? How are things in Cow town? You trading a book yet? Playing any poker? Bingham was here for Q-School last week. Didn't go so well.  Cd 
 Chris Dorland 5151 Edloe St. #14306 Houston, TX 77005 (713)-588-5131  Thanx  Chris  (P.S. I haven't received my pay stub for this pay period) 
 http://www.segalmotorcar.com/pages/porsche/frame.html  Check out the Silver/Black 98' 993 C4S  http://www.broad-reach.com/~jlund/2002C4S.html  This car is heaven on earth!!! 
 Dave can you send me your morning weather package. Gaskill hasn't set us up on the fundy's site and we are flying blind up here.  Thanx  Chris 403-974-6910 
 Kerrie,  Hope you had a great Christmas. Mine was great. Very low key and relaxing. You missed a great night out in Red Deer on Saturday. High School reunion. Anyway take it easy and give me a call in the New Year and we'll get together for a drink. Below is my new address and phone number.  Chris  Chris Dorland 401 3511 14a St. SW Calgary, AB T3T 3Y1 403-214-0454 
 Grigs,  As far as I know we not planning on deliviering for Jan. I will ask Cowan and Peggy and get back to you.  Chris  PS Hope you had a good Christmas! 
 We sold the 9044 mm/d to Engage for 2.42 US/MM.  Thanx  Chris 
 Thanx for the heads up. Did your friends wonder why you had invited the paper boy to your party? 
 I am more of a ring ring ring guy.... 
 Nice ring on the cell phone. 
 You got it. 
 You know the one... 
 I'll be sure to go get my lampshade from the cleaners... 
 Carla,  Any word on changing my parking to Canterra from Ernst and Young?  Chris 
 Any progress on our access. We would really like to get a look at the weather up here.  Chris 
 mom loves me more than you 
 no one likes you 
 Come on. Sign into IM. 
 Gaffney told me to ask you about your dance partmer? 
 Mike  I provided that level of detail for calgary trading and marketing. I haven't seen the file Richard Mckeel created so I wouldn't know what is in it. Seems like we have about 3 different people working on the same project. So my answer is I don't know.  Chris 
 Tamara,  Any updates on my IRS refund? Also I need a contact for my 2001 returns. As I will now be working for UBS I will probably be paying privately to have my return done but I would still like PWC to do both my US and Canadian returns for 2001. Please advise.  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 Peggy  Could you send the location of the file with the descriptions to Anne Koehler in Houston and cc Nella.  Thanx for your help.  Chris 
 Dance partner? 
 Nella Cappaletto has a master list of all Canadian software and applications.  Chris 
 The files for the Canadian office are located in I:/Newco/...  The master despriction file contains descriptions of the contents of all of the files from the trading and marketing groups for easier navigation.  If you have any ?'s give me a call.  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 All the trading and marketing stuff is in I/Newco/Trading and I/Newco/Marketing and the master description file in I/Newco has descriptions of their contents.  Chris 
 sounds good  I will make sure the trading stuff get there. Any dirt on my brother would be greatly appreciated. 
 Peg,  When you get that list together could you please send it to me?  Thanx  Chris 
 1 
 This is an example of what one analyst sent me for his personal directory 
 Then sign in 
 Dan Dorland - Affraid of his brother's IM furry 
 Did big brother kick you off IM? 
 thanx 
 Hi everyone!  Once again I find myself being tasked by Geof Storey. Houston has requested that we make lists of all applications that we use and also that we consolidate all of the files (models and data) that are critical to our business (I don't think MP3's count) into one directory on the network. This is so that these items can be included in the proposed deal with newco. The Calgary Trading group has set up a directory on I:/trading/newco and I think if each group did the same that would be great. Each group should probably have one person in charge of the directory so there isn't any overlap. Call me with any ?'s/  Thanx  Chris 
 I can't bomard you with witty remarks if you aren't on IM 
 Are we going at 6 or 6:30. I don't care. 
 I don't need to ask. Every party Dave has is BYOC 
 I think I saw her. If it was her she was pretty cute. Dan and I went to Earls last night and then just chilled. His flight was 2 hours late and they lost his bags. We are going back to the Deer tonight and I am going to have some people over tommorow pre-whiskey (around 7:30). You should come by tommorow night. My home number is 214-0454 and my cell is 875-6146. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 I actually invited him thinking there was no way he would come. Damn 
 try to watch what you say over the shout box. 
 Too bad. Going back to calgary on the 26th. 
 I hear your sister is looking for a piece of action so I thought you might tell her about the kid.  Graduated in 1997 with an HBA from The Richard Ivey School of Business (University of Western Ontario)  Started at Enron in may 97 as an analyst in the trading group working for Lavorato doing fundament analysis and acting as Lavo's trading assistant (slave)  Started out trading BC Cash desk in June of 98.  Moved over to trade short term Aeco in Sept 99. Did that for a year. Mike McDermott and Laird can let you know if I was any good.  Went to Houston in Sept 2000 to trade east power. Traded Cinergy cash desk and worked next to Fletch Sturm (Cinergy Term Trader) for a year. Learned a little bit about trading from him.  You know the rest.  What are her measurements again. 26 36 26  Can that be right? 
 Are you guys going to be in the southern part of Alberta for New Year's? Any plans? Trying to figure out what everyone is doing. How was boarding?  Chris 
 how come you never answer your phone???? 
 Get set up on MSN messenger 
 I think the ran the spell check. 
 If any other newpaper publishes a summary of the same report will you please send it to me.  Just kidding. Going to MLS listings right now to look for good investment properties. I think Red Deer might be and even better buy. 
 remax wrote the report 
 Was she the one coming back from lunch as I was leaving? 
 When it is in the newspaper then it is usually too late. 
 today Enron Corp. filed for chapter 11 protection under the federal bankruptcy protection act, making it the largest Del Lago in US history... 
 Thanx I think I will be in Calgary 
 Dan  thanx for the article. you should just go to ene news on yahoo finance. it has every article from forbes and fortune to reuters and the associated press (where this one came from)  Chris 
 I have a massage at 4pm so let's say around 6pm. Jackass. 
 Oh you'll buy my chicken. That sounds good. I think we should have burgers at OJ's. What are your thoughts hard case? 
 Get me the 2.5 oz eau do toilette spray please. I will pay you when you come home.  Thank you very little.  Chris 
 Montblanc Boutique 151 Bloor West Toronto, ON  416-925-4810 
 Sherry,  Just wanted to let you know I'mnot a dead beat relative and that I mailed you a check today. Hopefully, I will see you guys over the holidays.  Take care,  Chris 
 call me at home tonight 
 I came to check out that girl and I didn't see her.  Chris 
 Call your brother when the jury has convened. 
 that is great! 
 nice 
 http://www.verycanada.com/cgi-bin/large.pl?subpath=/gifts/&image=largeimages/RichardKramerIronlarge.gif  Like the one in the middle only it is family with 2 children. 
 All done thanx for your help.  Chris 
 Home 403-214-0454 Work 403-974-6910 Red Deer 403-343-7086 
 Thanx for your help.  Chris 
 Judy,  Any word on my US refund?  Chris 
 Jean Cummings 283-7561  Get Kerri a gift. 
 Mohammad,  What's going on? Hope all you exams went well. Are you coming home for the holidays? If so give me a shout in the office, at home or in Red Deer. Things are a little nuts around here but everything with me is fine and I have a few alternatives to consider. All the best to you and your family.  Chris 
 Ryan,  Sorry I haven't gotten back to you. As you can Imagine things around here have been a little nuts. Just wanted to drop you a line and say hi. Everything with me is fine and I have several options in front of me. The next few months will probably be pretty frustrating but I am confident everything will work out in the end. As far a snowboarding I'm not sure if I am going to be able to get out before christmas. I am coming to Red Deer on Saturday for the night and will pick up my board but the girl I am seeing is going home for XMas on the 20th and I think it would be bad if I made plans to going skiing next weekend. Hope all is good with you and I'll talk to you soon. Are you going to be in Red Deer this weekend? If so let me know and I will give you a call.  Chris 
 thanx I have the internet too 
 What do you think I don't have the internet here? How you doing? Milly's meeting was pretty upbeat. I feel really good about everything today. I think there are about 4 different scenarios that could play out and all are OK. Call me if you want to chat.  Chris 
 This definately sucks ass. It is surreal. I feel like I am watching a movie and this is happening to someone else. Other than work, how are things? I am so glad to be back in Canada. Except that it is really really cold. Are you on the internal MSN IM? Take care.  Chris 
 I have taken no time off... 
 Thanx I'll give you a shout later. 
 What is the name of the file in O: drop box so I can make sure these trades are reducing risk?  Thanx for all your help  Chris 
 Dora,  Why would you do this through natsource and pay brokerage?  Chris 
 The following people are the contacts for various terms and markets for canadian gas:  Pacific NW and BC Cash - Stephane Brodeur 403-974-6721 Short Term - Chad Clark 403-974-6976 Long Term - Chris Dorland 403-974-6910  Alberta Cash - Ryan Watt 403-974-6764 Short Term - Mike Cowan 403-974-6712 Long Term - Chris Lambie 403-974-6780 
 THANX 
 Get on internal MSN IM  Mullett 
 Just wanted to confirm you received the package I sent you on wednesday.  Chirs Dorland 403-974-6910 
 Do mind if nic joins us? I am going to her place after. 
 how about earl's (how original) on 8th ave. at 5pm? 
 Sign in to MSN Messenger.... 
 Jill  What's up? I am still not doing much at work. Waiting for the UBS deal to be finalized and then it is back to work. Really excited for that too happen. You can only surf the net for so long. Kerri's wedding will be fun. Where are they having it? The round-up center or something. Not sure where that is. Hope all is well. Talk to you soon.  Chris 
 what time did you want to go? susposed to do something with nic but if we went early that would be cool. 
 Could the person who stole Ian Cooke's potatoe salad from the fridge please come forward. He has suffered severe mental strain due to this crime.  Thanx  Trading Group 
 Thanx for the update. I'm going to owe them $ in April and they aren't getting that untill I get mine.  Chris 
 Fun  That's cool. I think AEC is going to do it financially with us and take care of buying the phys in the market. Did you get 80 million?  Chris 
 Mike,  We are working some orders for customers on the rest of month Aeco / Malin spread. If our customers wanted to buy rest of month malin physical what is the premium to the financial product to get physical molecules? Let me know.  Thanx  Chris 
 That is fine with me. I hate industry parties.  Thanx  Chris 
 Sounds good. If you talk to Heather Flemming or any one else mention Saturday night. I have to pick up some jeans at Underground so I will stop by and visit you tommorow.  Chris 
 thanx chris 
 Chris,  I am having trouble accessing the in-house 6-10 day weather comparison on the fundy's site. Can you make sure I have access to the whole site?  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Ready and waiting captain. Fridge full of coors light and a pack of extra lights ready for ignition. 
 I'm working it. Liquidity is a little thin.  CD 
 MH  What's up? Good to hear from you. I am very happily back in Calgary. Things at Enron are totally fucked up right now. Not really sure how it is going to play out. Anyway life goes on. Tell D'arcy I made less than 10 million last year. Take it easy and I'll right more later.  Chris 
 Hope Dina and the baby are doing well.  Chris 
 Please stop all payroll deductions to registered and non-registered accounts in my name untill further notice. 
 Brad,  I want to transfer some RRSP assets I have with Canada Life to Mackenzie. I need you to call me asap as this matter is time sensitive.  Thanx  Chris 
 Leslie  What's up? Dan is coming to town this weekend and we are going to try to get a bunch of people to go out on Saturday. Let me know if you are going to be around and if you talk to anyone else let them know.  Thanx  Chris 
 lunch is never good for me...I could do an early dinner if you want 
 can't do it...way too busy 
 you should call stephanie severe 
 Judy  That is what I thought. Have you heard anything regarding my refund? Did they trace the check? Let me know.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Last trade 0.70. Success has worked for me so far. 
 Sorry to freak on you. I'm a little stressed. Do what you think is right but never use market orders on option. It is a free option for the market maker to fuck you. 
 What press? All the news I've read is great. You're on crack. 
 Did I send you this? 
 That picture is going to occupy most of my day. 
 Did you use a market or limit order? You don't need to lift offers in a falling market. 
 $0.50 last 
 John,  How is Dina doing? Be sure to let us know when she has the baby/  Chris 
 Dave,  I just wanted to touch base with you on the cash trade that you intermediated between Stephane and Cascade this morning. I don't really feel that it is Stephane's responsibility to manage Cascades price risk and I think that you are out of line for accusing him of running over your customer. If you would like we could look at doing an  MSA with Cascade where by we could sell them gas at Sumas DI.  Chris 
 Thanx for only sending the bullish reports. They helped me come in from off the ledge. 
 higher now 
  OFFERS 
 thnx 
 Stephanie,  I need trade access to the USD Currency products on EOL.  ADM46075  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Are you on msn messenger? 
 Enron getting worked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Sherry,  This stuff looks perfect. I think I like the 385-B the best. I don't think I want the hutch though. So I guess I need 3 pieces (385-512,519,533). Can please order the pieces you don't have in stock. Also, this Thursday is just fine to deliver that stuff. Can you please remind the guys in the warehouse to pick up that loveseat at Carleton House. Be sure to let me know what it cost to fix that so I can bill the moving company.  Thanx for all the help!  Chris 
 THANX 
 You need to get set up on msn messenger. I takes 2 seconds. Ask an IT guy. 
 Apparently I have the wrong number. Give me a call when you get out of the meeting.  Chris 
 Ryan,  What's going on? Give me a call at home. 214-0454  Talk to you later.  Chris 
   PLEASE ADVISE ASAP 
 I'll give you a call later to discuss... 
 Maria,  That is pretty close but we don't even have real guns... just snowballs....  How are things going down there? I am pretty much settled now but still waiting for a bunch of furniture so my house is pretty empty. Hope all is well.  Chris 
 Tych,  Just wondering if you guys have talked to any storage guys in the PNW about storage deals for this Nov to next summer ect. The market is essentially saying that JP storage is worthless for this winter (Nov-Dec) and I don't think that should be the case. I think there is free money on the table for someone like Puget or Avista to roll their scheduled storage withdrawls to next summer. Let me know if you have any thoughts.  Chris 
 Nice  Are you going to TO? 
 They are wrong.  Chris 
 I'm in and hopefully I can even find a date.  Chris 
 Did you receive the POA?  Chris 
 Grigs,  I talked to Lambie (our resident produciton and reserve expert) about this and he thought it was highly unlikely that producers would shut in eastern rocks production for a couple of reasons. Apparently, if you shut in coal bed methane production there is a serious risk that the well will "water out" either ruining the well or causing 6 months to a year of production delays. Also, it seem logistically unlikely due to the small production volumes associated with each individual well (100-500 mm/d). In Chris's opinion coal bed methane would be some of the last production we would ever see shut in. Hope this helps. Let me know if you learn anything further.  Chris 
 The bonus structure was lined out in detail in a couple of HR video conferences we had with Houston. It is about 10X better than enrons. 
 3500 Canterra Tower 400 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, Alberta   Canada T2P 4H2 
 I have transferred to the Calgary office. Please forward it to me here.=20  Chris Dorland 
 Kiron,  I am not that familiar with the corporate finance side of the business but I will ask around as to who would be a good person for you to contact. You might want to start with Kyle Kitagawa who is a VP in our Calgary corporate finance group. You can reach him at kyle.kitagawa@enron.com or 403-974-6700. Let me know if I can be any further help.  Regards,  Chris Dorland  403-974-6910 chris.dorland@enron.com 
 Thank you. 
 Stephanie  My phone number needs to be changed on the web site. My new number is 403-974-6910.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 I think that show is on this weekend on WTN. After Martha Stewart. 
 Thanx 
 Stephane,  Can you please set up a flexible template in excel so that we can fool around with the numbers on our X forecast and make copies of the historical data for the last 3 winters for everyone. I would like to have this done today so I can see the finished product before the meeting. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanx  Chris 
 Can you please send her this data?  Thanx  Chris 
  Let's get together this week and talk about our winter forecast for the X. I was thinking thursday afternoon around 2:30. I'll touch base with Holst and see if the west guys can join us via conference call. Let me know if that works for you.  Dorland 
 Tricia,  I was wondering how I get set up with shaw cable internet access. Do you have a number I can call?  Chris 
 Jose,  Could you please add me to the distribution list for the weekend weather update.  Thanx  Chris  Chris.Dorland@enron.com 
 Thanx  Chris 
 Thank you very little... 
 Tim,  Can I please get access to the west power fundamentals website. My user ID is cdorlan. If I need to submit a formal request to someone could you please let me know.  Thanx  Chris Dorland Enron Canada - Gas Trading 
 Send me stats... 
 We're going to have some fun at the Lez bar! 
 Just trying to bang a living out of this market. I get here at 6:30 everyday. I also leave at 4-4:30. 
 Hi Vicki,  I did receive it and I will fax it over this afternoon. Thanx for all you help.  Chirs Dorland 
 thanx 
 That is weird. Who would take the time to figure that out?  Chris 
 Looks like bullshit to me. How was the Deer this weekend? What are you doing this weekend? I will probably just be moving all weekend but we should go out next weekend.  Chris 
 Get on MSN Messenger 
 Stalker,  I just talked to Milly and he suggested I get with you to talk about our position on Duke's aquisition of Westcoast. I just want to understand which regulatory body oversees the pipeline and what (if any) rules will apply to creating a wall between the pipe and Duke's marketing organization. Let me know when you have got a minute.  Chris 
 Keith,  How was Portland? I'm out of the office moving most of Monday but I'll give you a call on Tuesday. Did you get a chance to drop of my keys at the rental office?  Chris 
 Megan,  I haven't bought a car yet but I will let you know when I get one. When do we get the stalls in E&Y?  Chris 
 Tim,  I spoke with Mike Swerzbin earlier today and he suggested that I get access to your web site. If you could set me up that would be great. Also if you could send me the URL.  Thanx  Chris 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you. I have to run some errands tonight. Give me a shout at work tommorow. 974-6910  Chris 
 If one year ago you bought $1000 worth of Nortel today it would be worth $50. If one year ago today you bought $1000 worth of budweiser, drank all of it and returned the cans you would have $80. 
 Vicki  I called the number you gave me and they said that my refund check had been mailed in May. I never received the check and am wondering what to do next? The IRS said they would put a trace on the check and get back to me but that was over a week ago. I was wondering if PWC could look into it for me as you might get further than I have. Please contact me if you need any further info. or with any questions.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 John,  Cancelled my trip to Vancouver this weekend. Car I was going to look at sold already. How are things going? Married? I am soo glad to be back in Calgary. I didn't think much of Houston. Life has been pretty boring. Looks like things are going to get busy again. Going to be working for UBS Wharburg Energy. A new sub of UBS AG. Should be good. Seems like at great company. AA+ credit will be nice. They have a good risk tolerance and are more or less going to give us limits and let us do our own thing. Hopefully a little more stable than Enron. I think the largest financial instituion in the world should be. Anyway give me a call if you get to Calgary and we will grab some food.  Take care  Chris  Chris Dorland 401, 3511 14A St. SW Calgary, AB T2T 3Y1 h 403-214-0454 w 403-974-6910 c 403-875-6146 
 Dwayne,  Give me a call at work 974-6910.  Chris 
 Angela,  What is our password and login ID for this site?  Chris 
 You suck! 
 Alberta Health Number 83233-0210 
 Mike,  Give me a call. 403-974-6910  Chris 
 Brad,  Back in Canada and up to my eye balls in work already. I don't think I'll be travelling for a while.Can you change my mailing address with Mackenzie to my new address please. I think they have my Houston address on some stuff and mom and dad's address on others. We'll have to get together the next time I am in Red Deer.  Thanx  Chris  #401 3511 14A st. SW Calgary, AB T2T 3Y1  H 403-214-0454 W 403-974-6910 
 Do you have the phone numbers for these guys?  Thanx  Chris 
 Nice!  What's going on? I think my stuff is here on Friday so that means moving in this weekend. We should see if Johnny is going to be around on Friday night. My number at work is 974-6910.  Chris 
 Tricia,  I have completed all the forms you need. Let me know when you have a minute and I will drop them off.  Chris 
 Brad,  Any progress on the direct line with the west desk? If we need to use a different circuit or something let me know. I called Mike Grigsby and asked him to look into it on his end. It is important that we get this line working as soon as possible.  Chris 
 I need that receipt and photocopy asap please. 
 Hi Traci,  I had a very relaxing weekend. Slept 10 hours both nights. Worked out and chilled. Very good weekend except for the weather. No worries about Friday. The highways were ridiculous. My brother is coming to town on Thursday for a week. It will be good to see him. I am planning on being in Red Deer on the weekend of the 8th. Maybe we can get together then. Let me know if you are free.Have a great week and I will speak to you soon!  Chris 
 Mike,  Can you light a fire under the phone guys in Houston to look into fixing our line. I'll talk to our guy and get his gas in gear.  Chris 
 I have transferred to Enron Canada (Calgary). Please forward it to me here.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 403-974-6701 
 pornstar1  Just kidding. I don't have one. 
 Yours Houston real estate... 
 Do you have a phone number for David Neil?  Chris 
 Claudia,  I can't manage physical product on eol (stack manager). Can you change my profile so that I can?  Thanx  Chris Dorland  (eg. Nov-Mar Physical Huntington Index)) 
 Thanx 
 Made it safely. Thanx for the concern.  Take care,  Chris 
 Tricia  Not that I'm counting but I started May 5, 1997.  Chris 
 Mike,  Do you have John Hughes e-mail address?  Dorland 
 I made it. Thanx  Chris 
 Tricia,  Here is my missing info.  T2T 3Y1 403-214-0454  Thanx  Chris 
 John  My month to date P&L is incorrectly showing (300K) on the P&L report because they haven't transferred all of the deals out of the BC book into Lambie's book. I am told that this won't be done untill next week? because Brian Gillis is out of the office. Just so you know I back of the envelope calc. my P&L at about 225K MTD.  Chris 
 Untill my shit gets here I am a resident of the Westin hotel. 
 Chris,  Could you please give me access to the west desk info. and the gas message board on the commodity fundamentals web site.  Thanx  Chris Dorland Canadian Gas Trading 
 In the flesh. 
 Thanx  Chris 
 One more trade. Sold 1000 gj/d Aeco DI c/gj to Cowan at 3.175 (EOL) Just to balance. 
 Thanx  Hopefully I can get there sometime before the snow falls.  Chris 
 Willis,  Can you do me a favor and get my name taken off the Brad Galante e-mail list for plant outages?  Thanx  Chris 
 John,  Cancelled my trip to Vancouver this weekend. Car I was going to look at sold already. How are things going? Married? I am soo glad to be back in Calgary. I didn't think much of Houston. Life has been pretty boring. Looks like things are going to get busy again. Going to be working for UBS Wharburg Energy. A sub of UBS AG. Should be good. Seems like at great company. AA+ credit will be nice. They have a good risk tolerance and are more or less going to give us limits and let us do our own thing. Hopefully a little more stable than Enron. I think the largest financial instituion in the world should be. Anyway give me a call if you get to Calgary and we will grab some food.  Take care  Chris  Chris Dorland 401, 3511 14A St. SW Calgary, AB T2T 3Y1 h 403-214-0454 w 403-974-6910 c 403-875-6146 
 That's fine. Thanx for trying.  Chris 
 Carlos  These are the trades I did today.  Bought 5000 gj/d Oct Aeco Fin vs. DI 2.915 c/gj EOL Sold 5000 gj/d Oct Aeco Fin vs. DI 2.955	c/gj EOL Bought 5000 Oct Malin Basis (0.23)  EOL Sold 5000 Oct Rocks (0.485) EOL  and Cowan is working an order to buy 20000 mm/d of Oct Aeco basis vs. DI in us/mm at (0.54)  Thanx  Chris 
 Kim  I briefly scanned the contract you delivered this morning and it appears fine except for the salary listed in exhibit A (US salary but in CND dollars) which is incorrect. As I will be in Calgary in Monday the corrected version should probably just be sent to Dawn.  Thanx  Chris 
 How about 2002's? I was just thinking there would be incentives on 2001's.  Chris 
 Dwayne,  As you can Imagine things in the US have been a little crazy which is why I haven't gotten back to you untill now. I will hopefully be in Calgary on Monday and will give you a call then. My office number in Calgary is 974-6910. Are the windows on that truck tinted? 
 Thanx 
 Carlos,  If he is in Houston don't count on him doing it. I won't be getting out of here untill tommorow at the earliest and I am thinking it is going to be Friday or Saturday.  Chris 
 Wayne,  I was talking to Kevin Presto and he mentioned that you have a plane going to Portland. I need to get to Calgary and Kevin suggested I look into catching a ride with you and getting them to swing north and drop me off on their way back. Can you let me know when you plan to leave and if it isn't an inconvience I will talk to Lavo and see if he is OK with it.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 3-1663 
 Glad to hear that everything is OK. I will give you a call in a couple of d= ays when things settle down. Hopefully air traffic will resume soon because= I am stuck living in the Hyatt in Houston.  Chris 
 I would like an indoor stall in Ernst and Young. Non-reserved.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Chris,  Can you make sure that the guys in Calgary have access to the new fundy's site. I am having problems getting in.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Ian,  Forget that last message. Apparently my e-mail just updated.  Thanx  Chris 
 Kim,  I will be on 32 all day. Give me a call or stop by.  Chris 
 Ian,  No luck graphing those spreads?  Chris 
 Carlos,  Could you run a report that shows all the deals in my books (Financial and Gas Daily) as of close of business on Friday (Sept.14). I doubt I will do any trading over the next couple of days but you should probably wait until tommorow afternoon to run it.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Thanx 
 Ian,  I didn't get yesterday's ops package. Can you make sure I get it today.  Thanx  Chris 
 Ian,  When I said spread I didn't mean graph the basis as opposed to the fixed price (these graphs are essentially identical to the first ones you did) I want a graph of the relationship (spread) between the 2 points. i.e. if Nov-Mar Sumas was marked at 0.20 and Nov-Mar Aeco was marked at (0.45) the Nov-Mar Sumas Aeco spread would be 0.65. Sorry if I wasn't clear. Call me with any ?s.  Chris 3-1663 
 Kim,  I will be on 32 all morning. Come down whenever you get a minute.  Chris 
 Getting closer. I want a graph of the spread not of the 2 fixed prices.  Chris 
 Oct Sumas trades  Sold 50000 mm/d to Lambie (0.24) Bought 5000 mm/d from Chad (0.245) EOL  I also bought 15000 mm/d from Chad today on EOL.  Chris 
 Thanx 
 A couple of other quick things. My October Sumas position doesn't look correct. I am short 45000 mm/d and the report shows 50000 mm/d. I will list my oct sumas trades below if you can check on it for me. Also can you make sure my gas daily book is set up and include the change in position report in your daily e-mail.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Carlos  Thanx for the pos report. Would you mind sending it to me each morning? Also, can you make sure that they have all of the deals (other than the few I have done) transferred out of my book by the end of the week. I talked to Brian? and he said he would look after it but can you make sure it happens.  Thanx,  Chris 
 How is that ops package coming? 
 Kim,  I just wanted to touch base with you and let you know my schedule. I am in the Houston office this week from Monday to Thursday but I will be in and out quite a bit meeting with movers and clearing up loose ends. If we need to get together before I go we should probably plan to do so Monday or Tuesday as I will be packing and moving much of Wednesday and Thursday. Let me know when you would like to get together. I am sitting at 3208b.  Thanx  Chris 
 Ian,  Thanx looks good. What I was really looking for was the relationship between Sumas and each of those points for the N-M and A-O strips.  Can you put these graphs together for me.  Nov-Mar Sumas vs. Aeco Sumas vs. Rockies Sumas vs. San Juan Sumas vs. Malin Sumas vs. Socal  Apr-Oct Sumas vs. Aeco Sumas vs. Rockies Sumas vs. San Juan Sumas vs. Malin Sumas vs. Socal  Chris 713-853-1663 
 Judi,  Did you receive a quote for Williams yet? When I spoke with Terri she said that $5000 USD was a pretty good estimate for my move.  Chris 
 Looks OK except that it doesn't include the reimbursement for my car.  Thanx,  Chris 
 So much for keeping it quiet. Dorland the loudmouth is back in town. 
 Anna,  I am moving back to Canada to trade gas but I would really like to get your daily technical sheet. Could you e-mail it to me or perhaps start posting it on the commodity fundy's site? Thanx  Chris 
 Kim,  Got the envelope yesterday. Thank you very much.  Chris 
 Mikey,  Dan is going to come to town this weekend. I was thinking of going to the deer on friday and then going out in Calgary saturday night.  Let me know what you think.  Chris 
 Russell,  Can you e-mail me the "model" spread sheet. I want the eol technology.  Chris 
 I just want to print this off. 
 This didn't work for some reason. Can you try to send it again and just copy and paste all the values.  Thanx  Chris 
 Next to Keith Holst if that helps.  Thanx  Chris 
 Kim,  I am sitting on the West desk on 32.  Chris 
 When I was 26 I was looking for an 18 year old girlfriend who looks exactly like Britney Spears. Keep your eyes open. 2 Weeks till I am back in Calgary. I can't wait. Sold my car yesterday to a buddy of mine down here. I'm going to buy an Grand Cherokee Limited like my mom's. Black I think. What's new? I can't wait to get this move over and get settled in Calgary. I am really excited to move into my new place. It is going to be sweet. I think I can accomodate your request for a synthetic pillow. Are we going to be able to get some golf in before the snow comes? Talk to you soon.  Chris 
 Kim,  Any luck getting this info. for me?  Chris 
 My one year closed interest rate on my mortgage is 5.2%. Not bad! 
 I sold my car. $28000 USD but Enron is going to pay me $3000 USD for not having to move it and get it licensed in Canada. So it cost me $5000 to drive that car for a year. Not bad I guess. Have you and mom had any problems with her jeep?  Chris 
 Mike,  I am not coming to Vancouver this weekend after all. The car I really wanted to look at sold so I am postponing my trip. I will probably be coming out in the next month or so and I will let you know. Take it easy. Do you have John Hughes' e-mail address?  Dorland 
 Glad you like the place. Missed the PS on the first message. 
 I am going to Banff for an off site. I will be back in town the following Friday and we'll do it up that night. Late night Johnny is OK. We'll take it easy as it is a school night. 
 I think I'm going to buy a Grand Cherokee Limited instead of the X5 and save myself 30K. Are we on with Johnny next week? 
 That is great. We were just having a discussion about going to other floors to take a shit because our bathroom is such a dump. 
 What if any changes were made to the Grand Cherokee Limited for 2002? 
 Do you have a number for MSN customer service? I want to cancel my MSN account but have no idea how to get in touch with them.  Chris 
 No luck getting your lease calculator to work? Actually, don't worry about it I have change my mind back to buying. 
 Tricia,  I have already spoken to the RIV and Canada Customs. My car was manufactured in Japan and thus would be subject to an import duty of 6.1%, the GST and excise and import costs.  Purchase price = 35000 USD = 54000 CND Duty on this amount = 3300 GST on this amount = 3800 Excise tax = 180 Permits = 400  Plus costs to convert the speedometer and odometer to the metric system and label all safety systems with french language instructions (from RIV) = approx. 500  That brings us to $8200 CND plus the cost to actually transport it from Houston to Calgary (at least $2000). Total approximately $10000 CND.  Hardly seems like the best option.  Also, I called Williams moving to find out what the cost was to move me down here last year. And the invoice just for the move of my household goods from Calgary to Houston was $4700 USD. Just off the top of my head my out of pocket costs will be:  Movers = $7300 CND (4700 USD) Flight = $1500 CND Hotel = $1500 CND October Rent = $1500 (I have a 1 year lease in Houston that expires at the end of October)  The total of the above is $11 800. 
 Confirm # D5TNLC 
 I'm not very excited to hang out with Mikey all the time. See what Johnny is up to and hit the Benson and Hedges menthol's. 
 John,  Here is what I think my out of pocket costs of this move will be:  Movers - $7500 CND Flight - $1500 CND Temp. Accomodations - $1500 CND October Rent - $1500 CND  I am already at $12000 CND and I haven't even got to the car or any incidental costs yet.  Chris 
 What doesn't he like about it? 
 What does the Kergan think of his Jeep? I think I am going to get one of those. Unless you have forgotten the Kergan's where an acient people from the steps of Russia who , for entertainment, tossed children in pits with wild dogs to fight for food. 
 I am going to go home an watch the Austin Power's movies over and over tonight... 
 When I am back in Calgary your whole desk is going to have listen to this shit all day over the box... 
 Lady with python on one side , Star wars on the other... 
 Don't forget pink fuzzy dice and chain steering wheel and red interior lights. Chicks are going to love it. I'm going to get a chick with a python wrapped around her painted on the side and get those tires that stick out 6 inches from the wheel wells with gold plated rims. SWEET! The funny thing is that in some neighborhoods in Houston (predominately latin) that would be a killer ride. 
 We were talking about getting matching PT cruisers with CRUISR1 and CRUISR2 personalized plates. 
 Listen to this shit. If I want to move my car back to Canada I (Enron) would have to pay $2000 USD to move it plus 6.1% of KBB value in import duty plus 7% GST plus $200 excise tax plus about $400 in permits. Looks like I am looking for a new car as well. 
 MTV music awards Thursday September 6th - Hopefully we get another Britney strip tease this year. 
 After the pain in the ass selling my current car is giving me I am thinking about leasing. Can you work up some lease rates for 24 and 36 months.  Thanx  Chris 
 Martin,  I left early yesterday. Does tonight work for you? No spoiler and the car was high and dry during Allison.  Chris 
 Great. I will call you on Sept. 6th when I get to town.  Chris 
 I'll probably have a little room but below 28K I'll probably just move it back to Calgary. Let me know if you want to see it. I car pool with Benson so I only have it here every other day. 
 Silver with Black interior. 
 She should beaten in the streets. 
 And half the miles this one has. 
 Mine has leather, limited slip differential and special window tinting that reflects heat. Plus no tax. 
 Thanx. 
 Thanx Sherry 
 No tax either. 
 On the base model. Mine has 6K in options. It is totally loaded. Silver/Black with 3800 miles. 
 30K 
 Carmax showed me a $29000 bid. I'll sell it to you for $29500. 
 Stephane,  Do you guys have a good map of Alberta and BC that includes Alliance. If so please send it to me.  Chris 
 Bean,  Did you guys get another car yet? I am selling mine cheap before I move.  Dorland 
 Basis snapping in. Wow. Long Oct. Aeco Basis works again. Nov-Mar is like 5 cents tighter today. You guys making some $ ? 
 How about TD Bank? Benson and I own some wood.  Chris 
 Captain America  What are you driving these days? I'm selling my car cheap because it will cost me a fortune to take it back to Canada. 2001 Lexus IS 300 Silver with Black leather interior. Totally loaded with 3800 miles on it. Let me know if you or any of your buddies want to check it out.  Chris 
 Nice looking truck. Is this one the same price? About $45,000? I will be working out of my Calgary office on Sept.6/7. Could you bring it downtown to take me for a ride on the afternoon of the 6th?  Chris 
  Mike,  I don't have your work number. Walker flaked on dinner (did I call that or what). I am coming to town Feb 2. I'll give you a call next week with the details.  Chris 
 Picture didn't come through. Sounds nice. Is there somewhere on the web I can see it.  Chris 
 Do you have a black one in stock? If so, what color interior?  Chris 
 Yeh! Sept.6-7 Try to find a sub. This is Johnny we're talking about. 
 The colors that interest me most are black, silver, white, burgundy and champagne. I will be in Calgary on Sept. 6/7 and I will give you a call. Are you going to be in the office on those days?  Chris Dorland 
 I think we should get him a card and tell him his present will be there when my furniture gets there. 
 Finally got it. Thanx. 
 I am in town next Thursday/Friday. We should do a Thursday night playstation session with Johnny.  Chris 
 How was cottage country? 
 I bought a place in Altadore / River Park. Right near where Blair lives. #402 3511 14a st. SW. Great place and great area. I'll be in the office next Thursday and Friday and then I am back in Houston for a week. Start in Calgary Monday the 17th for good. See you next week.  Chris 
 Is our 401K plan administered by Paine Webber? If not, who? Just wondering who I need to contact in order to roll into and IRA.  Thanx  Chris 
 Matt,  That is cool. I can't really change the trip but I am sure I will be back in Vancouver soon. Send me your vitals and I'll let you know the next time I am in town. Or give me shout if you are ever out in Calgary. Do you have Atkinson's office phone number? I seem to have misplaced it.  Thanx  Chris  Chris Dorland 401, 3511 14A St. SW Calgary, AB T2T 3Y1  h 403-214-0454 w 403-974-6910 c 403-875-6146  chris.dorland@enron.com (I don't know how much longer this one will be supported) cdorland@hotmail.com 
 I started with Enron May 1, 1997. I would like to know all options and restricted stock I have received since then.  Thanx  Chris 
 Kim,  Could you please get me a schedule of my oustanding options and restricted stock including grant price and vesting dates.  Thank you,  Chris 
 Accidentally sent to me.  chris.dorland@enron.com 
 Dawn,  Could you send me the contact name at Royal Le Page relocation services. I would like to finalize everything this week if I can.  Thanx  Chris 
 Angela,  Could you book a conference room for me on Thursday September 6th at 10am for about an hour. Any room is fine.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Thanx 
 I bought a brownstone in the River Park / Altadore area. #402 3511 14a St. SW. A really cool area and a great place. We will have to grab some sushi and catch up when I get back.  Talk to you soon.  Chris 
 Thank you very much. How long would it take to get something like this in? I will be in Calgary on Sept. 6/7 and will come by and see you. Could you e-mail me your work phone number.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Brad,  I need to top up my RRSP for 2001. My contribution limit from my tax return for 2000 is $10881. I have contributed about $5500 through Enron and Enron has contributed $3200 to my pension plan. Am I correct to assume that I can contribute about $2000. The part I wasn't sure about was the pension contributions. Let me know and I will send you a check.  Chris  PS I am going to Vancouver next weekend to look at buying a sweet Porsche 
 Kerrie,  Congratulations! I actually heard the big news last week from Jill (of course) but I have been meaning to drop you a line. I was in town last weekend for Matt and Jen's wedding and while I was there I bought a house in Calgary. I'm moving back on September 15th to trade gas again for Enron. One again congrats and I'll give you a call when I get back to town.  Chris 
 Sorry about the producer recommedation. Still a proud RAX shareholder? 
 Thanx 
 Try to stay away from fried and starchy foods. I'm trying to watch my figure. 
 I just signed and faxed the release of conditions. No getting rid of me now. Hope your girlfriend can cook for 3. 
 Thanx Laura. I need to change about 125-150k USD is that OK.  Chris 
 Tricia,  I think I gave you the wrong fax number for Terri O'Laughlin at the Royal Bank. The correct number is 403-292-2182.  Thanx  Chris 
 Kim,  Any word on what happens to my 401k and/or savings plan when I transfer back to Calgary? Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I didn't know Blair lived up there. Do you think it's too late to flake on the deal? 
 Got the pictures. Thank you very much. Do you stock those wheels and tires or would I have to order them?  Chris Dorland 
 I am going to Vancouver on Saturday Feb. 2. Check it out on the web at the address below.  http://www.theurbangarage.com/cdetails.asp?CID={7DA68100-EFBB-411F-AD2C-ECF30B22DFB5} 
 I get possesion Sept.20 
 Dawn,  I got your package yesterday and I signed the offer letter and will return it today. I wasn't sure what to do about the employment agreement because I signed a 2 year contract in April that is a little more detailed and restrictive that the one you sent. The main differences are with regards to the non-compete agreement (3.4) and termination before end of term (2.1). If you want I can include a copy of that contract with the offer letter. Let me know what you want me to do.  Thanx  Chris 713-853-1663 
 Purchase. No financing necessary.  Thanx  Chris 
 Where is you place? It is pretty close to there isn't it. 
 Laura,  I don't know if you have heard but I am moving back to Calgary to trade gas. I am coming back in mid-september. Would you do a USD/CND currency swap for me when I get back? I would like to avoid the Royal Bank's huge bid / offer spread. Let me know.  Thanx  Chris 
 Dad,  Just though I would let you know I talked to a Royal Bank credit specialist this morning and he will get back to me this afternoon. I also talked to Jordan and he is going to take call Linda and get going on the paper work. I think I am going to come back to Calgary September 6-7 to finalize everything. There is an Enron Canada offsite in Banff that weekend (Sept 7-9) that I should go to. Thanx again for all your help this weekend.  Chris 
 Nathan / Judy  PWC prepared my Canadian and US tax returns for 2000. I was expecting approx. a $1800 return on my US federal income tax that I haven't received yet. Do you have a number / contact that I can direct my inquiry to?  Thanx,  Chris Dorland Enron North America 713-853-1663 
 A lucent phone will be fine. I will only be on the desk for about 7-8 days so don't go to too much trouble. Do you have Keith and Frank's flight info for their trip to Calgary on Sept. 7 ? I will be there that weekend as well and want to coordinate my return with theirs.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland Badge # 25565 3-1663 3116c 
 What are the details of this offsite? Make sure to count me in. Bought a house this weekend. No sense wasting any time. I'll call you later.  Chris 
 I like that area. Nice and quiet. 6 blocks to Original Joe's. Didn't have the carrot cake but the soup was excellent. 
 Mike,  I booked a flight to Vancouver Feb. 2 . I get in at 8am and leave at 6:30pm. Send me your work number and I will give you a call or give me a shout at work.  Dorland 403-974-6910 
 I had lunch at bell's cafe yesterday. They are the red brick townhouses on 14a st. Moving back Sept. 15. 
 Hey there neighbor. Bought a house this weekend #401 3511 14a st. That is pretty close to you place isn't it. You'll have to drive by and check it out.  Chris 
 Looking good. Closed at 40.25 
 Just sold half my ENE's. 
 39.40 TRADES ENE 
 What is the symbol on Rio Alto? 
 Anderson looks pretty good. 
 Whatever. Let me look at them. 
 Buy Gas Producers the AGA just came out and it was Crazy bullish gas 
 Holy AGA batman! That number is unbelievable. Tough to be short now. Keving Presto was short the aga swap at 50 for $60 / bcf. 
 Nice! I think you hang on untill just before it fills the gap in the chart at yesterday's low of 42. 
 Did you buy any ? I have the golden touch. 500 at 37 
 Kim,  I am going to be moving back to the Calgary office in about a month and I wanted to touch base with you so we can organize any HR issues before I go. In particular I was wondering what happens to my Enron savings plan (401k) when I go back. Let me know if there is anything you need me to do for you.  Chris 
 The market here for tommorow's close is 36 at 38. 
 The patented move is starting to pay. This just in. Skilling resigns for personal reasons. Wow!  cd 
 What is the specific appeal of distressed debt? If you are going to trade debt or equities GS is the place to be. 
 This just in. Skilling resigns for personal reasons. More to follow... 
 Phil is marrying that chick huh. She is pretty hot from what I recall. I am definately into doing something on Sunday. Give me a call. Have fun this weekend say hi to Darren and Rich and send my congrats (and a shot of tequila) to phil.  Chris 
 Jill,  Sorry about the brief first reply things have been a little busy. What is with people (that article) ? Working long hours just for the sake of working long hours. I am pushing for a 4 day work week. Why Calgary? Why not? I love Calgary. Actually the guy that ran our trading operation in Calgary is getting married to an American who works in Houston so he is moving to accommodate her career. This has left a hole in our Canadian operation and my boss felt that I was just the cork to fill that hole. I think it is a promotion. Besides, Houston in the arm pit of the world. This city has few redeeming features. What it lacks in culture and sophistication it makes up for by its lack of clean air and any form of natural beauty. Actually, it isn't that bad. Houston has good restaurants, decent night life and the people are really friendly but given the choice I would much rather live in Calgary. In this business odds are that I will find myself back here sooner than later so might as well enjoy Canada while I can.  Kerrie got engaged. Good for her. I have a cactus in my bathroom that is dying from lack of attention. I am not engaged. I was seeing someone for a while but she took a work assignment in Venezuela. No big loss. Too old for me anyway (31).  Glad to hear that you are enjoying you time in NY. I am going to have to visit some time. I know I say that every time we chat but I really would like to try to get down there before you move on to your next destination. Or is NY home for a while?  No Vacation plans other than that I am going to Matt and Jen's wedding this weekend. Should be a good party and I hung out with those guys quite a bit when I was living in Calgary. Also I am going to look for a place to live in Calgary in Friday. My friend Mohammed from TO is moving to Rotterdam to do his MBA so I might try to visit him in the spring. Do a little Amsterdam, Paris, London whirlwind tour.  My family is doing great. My dad sold Titan to a Comglomerate from the US and is retiring in January and my mom is up to the same stuff. Dancing and buying shit for their house. Both of their health is great. My dad has been playing lots of golf and feeling great.  How is Meg doing? Is she in Australia now? I should get in touch with her. I saw Reagan Neiss in commercial for her TV show last night. Good for her. I hope all goes well for her. Dan did go to D's wedding. Said it was really nice. Still don't get that one?  I have to stop writing now my fingers hurt. Keep in touch.  Chris  (this e-mail is record length for me) 
 I no longer require help with immigration as I am working in Canada now and I am a Canadian citizen. 
 I just heard from a mutual friend that Kerrie Murray got engaged recently. Scratch that one off the list of possibles. 
 Glad to hear all is well. I meant to comment that I thought the people profiled in the article should pull their heads out of their self important asses. It isn't about finding the meaning of life at work. It is all about the $$$. Work hard. Make $$$. Retire young. Things with me are great. Moving back to Calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back but when opportunity knocks you gotta go. Take care. 
 For me it isn't about fulfillment or finding my life's purpose in my work. It's all about the $$$. Work hard and retire early.  Cheers  Chris  P.S. I am moving back to Calgary in about a month. Enron continues to feel free to move me around at will. I am actually really looking forward to it. 
 I was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle. I might just sell the car and get you to drive me around all winter. 
 Lexus IS 300. Not sure if I am going to buy 17" or 16" wheels for the winter. Jackass. 
 If you are bored try to find out what your tire guy thinks of Dunlop Winter Sport M2 tires. Is you tire guy also a wheel guy? I need some winter wheels as well. 
 Have you guys moved over to the wonderful world of boxes with Enron Canada yet? 
 I was confused by your use of 2 spellings. Did you like my Austin Power's reference? "I know. That's how we do it in Belgium. It's called a Belgium dip" You are back in my good graces. Try not to confuse the dumb fat kid. 
 Fuck you. That's how we spell it in Belgium. 
 Coming to town Thursday for the weekend and hopefully moving by the middle of September. Spending Friday house shopping. I think I am going to end up in your neck of the woods. Seems like the best values are in that area. Are we going to get some snow this winter? We need to find Dorland a date. I am going to a wedding this weekend and there should be lots of single chicas there. I am really looking forward to being back in Cow town. Houston is painfull.  Later  cd 
 All is good. Just waiting around for my UBS business cards. Not much is new. Might be buying a porsche. Got rid of the chika and am looking for a less bitchy model. Say hi to the boys.  Chris 
 www.garrisonwoods.com 
 Thank you.  Chris Dorland 5151 Edloe St. #14306 Houston, TX 77005 
 Tamara,  Thanx for the info. I have 17" wheels on it now so I guess I will have to get wheels and tires. Do you know what the 16" wheels look like? Is there somewhere on the net I can see an example. Also I will need to have my car winterized (install a blockheater ect...) when I move back so I will give you a call then.  Chris Dorland 
 Al,  I am moving to Calgary from Houston and am wondering if Lexus has a winter wheel/tire package for the 2001 IS 300. If not could you recommend a wheel / tire dealer in Calgary who could help me find something that would work. Thanx for your time.  Chris Dorland 
 Hopefully I will be able to make it by then. I have to talk to Fletch and Presto but it makes sense for me to be there by then. I am coming to town on Thursday. I'll probably drop by the office on Friday.  Chris 
 Things are look up on the Sept/Oct. Spread I think I am going to add to my position. Cash going out week.  Chris 
 Mikey,  I am thinking of going with a townhouse / infill as opposed to an apartement style condo. I am going to look mostly in the Altadore / Killarney area. I think you get more house for your $ there as opposed to West Hillhurst. A couple of people have told me to check out Garrison Woods. Have you heard of it? What is the plan for the weekend. You should come down to Red Deer on Friday and have Earl's with the Dorlands. Maybe we could track down Johnny after. Are you taking a chica to the wedding? I am so looking forward to coming home. I got my face ripped off last week. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 Linda,  I found your email address on the internet so disregard the message I left on your cell. The following properties are the type of place I have in mind. I thought that these would give you a better idea the general concept I am looking for. I am starting to think that a townhouse / infill is a better way to go as opposed to an apartement style condo. I look forward to meeting you on Friday. Below are some MLS #'s of properties that interested me and my contact # in Red Deer / Calary.  Thanx  Chris Dorland  Cell 713-416-6694 Red Deer home 403-343-7086  MLS#'s  2164012 2164008 2164018 2164023 2165562 2180545 2180565 2180660 2178878 2161367 2166627 2179996  I have also heard a lot of good things about Garrison Woods and would like to check that development out. 
 Ack,  What's up? Are you in town this weekend? Thinking of coming to town to look at a car on Sunday and wondering if you would take some time to be my tour guide. Drop me a line of give me a shout.  Dorland  Chris Dorland h 403-214-0454 w 403-974-6910 c 403-875-6146  chris.dorland@enron.com cdorland@hotmail.com 
 Congrats on the CFA! Maybe one day I'll get off my lazy ass and give it a shot.  Chris 
 Congrats on the CFA. I am actually fighting back today. How much time a week would you say you spend on yard work? I am thinking that I will go with a place more like yours. Let me know what you think. I am going to have to get Monica back. 
 So much for being bullish. 
 I still see her now and then but she lives a rock star life and I don't have the stamina to go out 4 nights a week and get up at 4:30 for work. A little old for my taste as well. She is hot though. She looks exactly like Mariah Carey. It is great hanging out with her. It is amazing how much more interested other chicks are in a guy who hanging out with a bunch if hotties. Her best friend does the social "buzz" show in Houston's NBC station so she gets ticket and invites to every thing cool around town. 
 Thanx. I haven't done a trade in over an hour. 
 Now that I have a place to live all I need is a chica. I am going to a wedding in Red Deer next weekend and there should be plenty of available young ladies there. How is Mike McD? Are you married yet? Any kids on the way? 
 3 songs. I can deal with that. 
 I looked at the MLS listings and there is some stuff on there. I have a realtor who seems to have her act together. Don't worry about it. How long would it take me to get to work from there? 
 I already have a minature goat. I am a little concerned about making a housing decision in one day but what the fuck. 
 Done. I'm moving in! Can I borrow your lawn mower? I need to decide what I am going to do with my ride. I think I am going to bring it with me and buy a set of winter wheels and some killer winter tires. Don't you have a tire guy? 
 Traci,  I am really looking forward to my cooking class. My first one is this Saturday morning. I'm a little scared I am going to be the class screw up. Oh well, I won't know untill I try. I think I am going to Yoga on Wednesday but dinner on Friday would be great. Give me a shout or drop me an e-mail and let me know what time you want to eat and I'll make some reservations. Talk to you soon.  Chris 
 Lee Clarke... Sounds like a fag. Garrison woods that is the place my mom was talking about. Do you live near there? 
 I really want to live in Altadore. I hear that is where all the fly bitches hang. I don't know to be honest Killarney / Altadore / West Hillhurst ? Close to downtown. I am thinking infill / townhouse. My mom has a friend who says there are nice brownstone townhomes in Altadore. I am thinking of checking those out. I am looking for minimal maintenance. Do you have any ideas? Seen Kerri Murray lately?  CD 
 Actually lots. Keep this on the QT for now but this kid is moving back to cow town. I'll be in town next week shopping for somewhere to live. Just in time for ski season.  Later  Chris 
 I want stag details.  Chris 
 Not good. Listen to this. At the end of the day dailies traded down to 85 bucks. Check that range 85-275. I need a vacation. 
 The range on my next day power was 110 to 260. 
 I am long the Sept-Oct NX1 spread about 250 times. I love that trade. Rack up another half million for me today. Fuck! 
 Want to hear about a bad day. Down $2 million USD today. Temps came in 10 degress hotter than we thought in the Northeast this week and blew up!  Chris 
 John,  I talked to Fletch yesterday and I think I am going to come back to Calgary. I'll give you a call this afternoon or Monday to talk about details but I just thought I would drop you a note so you could get the ball rolling with HR on your end. Talk to you soon.  Chris 
 I think a mid sept tee time will work. I want to try to be there for the off site with the west guys. Tell John Z I'll call him this afternoon.  Chris 
 I was just yanking your chain. Deep breaths. Go ahead and make whatever adjustments.  Chris 
 Sherry,  I haven't forgetten about the numbers on the pictures I will send them to you tommorow. A guy in my office was wondering if you can order Stickley furniture through you buying group. Can you let me know if you get a second.  Thanx  Chris 
 Nov-Mar Sumas has moved about 0.20 since I started watching it. I guess that's enough vol. for me.  Chris 
 The guy who ran our trading operation in Calgary really wanted to move back to Houston because his girlfriend lives hear so that left a hole in our Calgary trading operation so they asked me to come back. See you in a couple of weeks.  Chris 
 Ryan,  What's up? I don't know if you heard yet but it looks like I am moving back to Calgary in mid September. I will see you August 17. I'm coming home for Matt and Jen's wedding. Take it easy.  Chris 
 Bastard 
 Do you have Ryan's e-mail address? 
 Thanx for getting back to me so quickly. I am looking for something about 1300-1500 sq. feet with one bedroom plus den or 2 bedrooms. The price range I was thinking was $225-250 K. Hope that helps. I will give you a call later in the week .  Chris Dorland 
 I am going to be moving back to Calgary from Houston in mid september and am looking to buy a loft or condo in the downtown area. I am thinking about 17th ave. and Kensington but I am open to other ideas. I will be in Calgary a couple of times in the next few months and would be interested in getting together to look at properties. If you could send me an e-mail with your contact info. I will call you to arrange an appointment. Thanx for the time.  Chris Dorland Enron North America 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas   77002 (713) 853-1663 Chris.Dorland@enron.com 
 I might be moving back to Cow town. I'll call you later... 
 Give me a call at home tonight. I just got a call from Lavo.  Chris 
 Mikey,  What are you doing Labour day long weekend? I was thinking of going to TO to see Dan. Any interest?  Chris 
 Traci,  Great seeing you again and catching up. Be sure to give me a shout if you are coming to Calgary. Don't work too hard.  Chris  401, 3511 14a St. SW Calgary, Alberta T2T 3Y1  H 403-214-0454 W 403-974-6910 C 403-875-6146  chris.dorland@enron.com cdorland@hotmail.com 
 I don't need that user.  Thanx  Chris 
 5 toes on a foot 
 Thank you! 
 I would like to get set up the trade the Nymex spread products on EOL.  ADM92764  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Who the fuck got that one? 
 I can't get any more than this... 
 I would like to sign up for the sprint broadband direct but it isn't a selection on the click at home website. Please inform.  Chris Dorland 3-1663 
 Mike,  I wish I was there to witness Dan in action. I will be next year for sure. Can't wait to see Johnny. Hopefully there are some single hotties at the wedding. There hasn't been a cougar sighting recently. Better hop. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 Mohammed  What's going on? I hope school is going well. I am sure you have heard but things are getting back to normal around here. I think working for UBS is going to be really good. Seems like the cultures are going to mix really well. I am thinking about buying a porsche. I really like the 993's but I don't really like the 996's. Looking around for a nice low km 1994-97 C4. Anyway don't work too hard and keep in touch.  Chris 
 Mike,  What's going on? It is hot as shit down here. I had to get a new # because that crazy cougar was stalking me. It is 713-665-8145. Just kidding my old phone company went belly up. I am really looking forward to Matt and Jen's wedding. I bought a new lampshade to wear. Be sure to get Matt all fucked up on the stag. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 dryan1@houston.rr.com 
 What is this thing? Mo got into the MBA program at the Rotterdam School of Management. How perfect is that? Going to do his MBA in Holland. You should call and congratulate him. It is actually a really good school. I am definately going to visit.  Chris 
 Crystal  Sorry it took so long to get back to you. My boss has been out this week and I am doing both our jobs. Lots of fun. I'm glad you had a good time on your trip.I need a vacation. Are you over your cold yet? It is funny how many people I know have colds in the middle of July. I didn't do anything exciting of the 4th. I watched the NY fireworks on TV. We were on a big gong show weekend the weekend before in Conroe so I needed rest. Better get back but I'll write back later.  Chris 
 Crystal,  How was your trip? I was in Lake Conroe last weekend for a work retreat. We had a great time but I think Austin would have been a better destination. Susposed to be 95-100 next week but feel like 110 with the humidity. Can't wait. Take it easy.  Chris 
 Nav  What's going on. When I moved to Houston my e-mail address book got toasted so I am glad you sent your address. What's new? Where are you working now? I am in Houston trading electricity now. I like the job but the city is a dump.  Take it easy  Chris 
 TEST 
 Dad,  Booked my flight home in August.  Arrive Thursday Aug.16 at 3PM Depart Monday Aug. 20 at 3:40PM  Chris 
 I talked to JL yesterday. He didn't exactly embrace the idea. Told me to let him think about it. I'll let you know if I hear anything else. Give me shout at home tommorow if you get a minute.  Home 713-588-5131 Cell 713-416-6694 
 I am dead tired. We had a group offsite this weekend and it was a gong show. I haven't had a chance to talk to JL yet but I am going to try to catch him this afternoon.  Chris 
 John  Give me a call when you've got a minute and I'll bring you $ for the tickets.  Chris 
 Bastard. This weekend I am going to a lake resort north of Houston with the guys in our group ( and all their wives and kids). Should be OK. Say Hi to all the boys.  Chris 
 Look at ENE 48.75. Easy money.  Chris 
 Great story. I think that was my Grandma Ivie. 
 John  What is the plan for Thursday night?  Chris 
 Keith just told me that Mckay is moving down here. I guess it is out now. Did you talk to John Z?  Chris 
 Checked out the whiskey on Saturday. It is a really cool club but the no under 25 takes away from the talent pool. You still coming to town next weekend? Let me know.  Chris 
 Apparently GS is going to issue a report saying ENE is worth $68 a share.  Chris 
 I got 4. 
 I like number 6. I should put a sign on my desk that says that. 
 My mailing address.  5151 Edloe St. #14306 Houston, Texas 77005  713-588-5131 
 TJ,  This has something to do with my cell bill. Can you make sure it got paid.  Thanx  Chris 
 Matt,  Looking forward to the wedding. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be able to make it August long weekend but say high to Johnny and think of me. Take care and be sure to say hi to Jen.  Chris 
 Jackie,  I'm glad you made it through another Dancentral production. All is going we= ll hear. Work is very busy. I didn't know that Andrea was expecting again. = Be sure to send my congrats and best wishes. I hope Mark is feeling better.= He is too yound to be so stress. Sounds like your new house is beautiful. = I bet you are looking forward to being all settled. Better get back to work= . Great to hear from you and please send my best to everyone.  Chris 
 Would you like to buy some $84 ENE Calls? How is you day going? Did you come to an agreement regarding your trip? Let me know what time you are going to be home tonight and I'll give you shout.  Chris 
 The girl of my dreams. 
 I checked out the whiskey on Saturday. Pretty cool club but the music has to go. And the whole no one under 35 policy really detracts from the talent. Mike is coming to town on Saturday and we are going to hit the town. Talk to you later. I have an excellent instilling jealous rage in the ex story for you but I'll save it to tell you in person.  Chris 
 How about TD bank. The gift that keeps on giving. Power still weak. 
 Have you made a packing list yet? I would have. Getting excited I bet. Better get back to work. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 Thanx  I'll keep those suggestions on file. I got him a pretty cool hammock from this Sharper Image type place. Hopefully it will help him relax a little.  Chris 
 No chance of me getting back on the cougar trail. I have devoted myself to scouting out dumb blondes under the age of 25. Ideally I will find some 22 year old Britney Spears look alike. Wish me well.  Chris 
 I'll be there for the wedding. No stag for me though. 
 I had to put the cougar to sleep. Too annoying for words. What happened to the hot from the picture? 
 I slept (was passed out) through the whole thing. My car is on the 4th floor of the parkade so luckily it was fine. I love the MTV movie awards. Shannon Elizabeth rules. Halle Berry naked in Swordfish. Can't wait. What's new with you? 
 Grant,  Who is your contact at Zargon? We have a discrepency between tagg and the confirm on the term of a deal and I need to talk to the marketing contact to figure out what is correct. We sold them a cal 01 crude put (according to the confirm) but the system has it continuing until feb 02.  Thanx Chris 
 What's up? I nearly drowned on the way home the other day. Beautiful weather we're having. Are you feeling better? I got a cold but I feel better today. The trick is getting 10 hours of sleep a night. Tonight is the MTV movie awards. I really need to get a life. I mentioned the party to Rob but he forgot to ask Darlene. I'll let you know if they are coming tommorow. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 You can send it at any time during the day.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 John,  Rob and I are both in for golf on Sunday.  Chris 
 No problem. 
 You are in charge. I think some DVD's is a super plan. I was also thinking that a really nice hammock would be a great gift but I have no idea where to get one. I will talk to mom and see if she knows where we could get one.  Chris 
 Rod,  I was thinking of buying my dad some cd's for father's day. Any suggestions? Be sure let Christina know I hope that she is feeling better.  Chris 
   Pls migrate and notify of any help needed.  Daniel (281-541-6203) 
 I would e-mail rod but fucking outlook lost my address book. Do you have his e-mail. 
 Good idea. I'll e-mail Rod and see if he has any other suggestions.  Chris 
 Isn't it June 17. I got him a card but not a present yet. I got the card when I was home and put both our names on it. What do you want to do about a gift? 
 that is some funny shit. how did you make out on saturday? I bailed and went home. we are going to hit the whiskey on saturday. should be good. talk to you later.  chris 
 Do I just come down and change my card ?  Chris Dorland 3-1663 
 I replied to this message earlier that I would like to move to the Enron Center garage but have not received a reply. Can I just go to the parking desk on level 3 and change my 1600 Smith card?  Chris Dorland 3-1663 
 Very nice! I hate it when that happens. How is you week going? Mine has been pretty crazy but we're half way there. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 Rod,  When I am in the US can I buy/sell securities in my RRSP?  Chris 
 What's going on? Making some $? I having a pretty good month. What do you think of the stock market? I am practically all cash and Enron. Thinking of buying some TD and Royal Bank. Any great ideas?  Chris 
 Thanx! 
 403-343-0911? 
 Congrats! How was Bali? I've heard it is beautiful.  cd 
 If you didn't get the e-mail I just sent you with a link in it check out the latest www.theonion.com  cd 
 Just a little something to brighten up your weekend! 
 I'm glad you had a good time. I know about 2 DM songs so I don't think I would have had as much fun in the rain.  cd 
 Did you get her address? 
 That guy has a huge pussy!  cd 
 I think that you should make her something. Perhaps you could draw a picture or make something out of paper mache. I'll stop by Tiffany's and see if they have anything to go with her bracelet and earings (from x-mas).  Later skater...   cd 
 Rod,  What do you think of the Canadian bank stocks? Relative to their US counterparts they seem cheap. I know that the discount is due regulation (no take overs or mergers) but in a 4% interest rate environment a 4% dividend yield looks pretty attractive. Not to mention they continue to crank out earnings quarter after quarter.  Chris 
 Did you send Amanda a card? 
 Hi  Sorry if I blew your party girl cover with one of your colleauges. Cooper and I were out on one of our many walks and I thought I would say hi. Hope you are feeling better now. Saturday was fun. I shouldn't have gone to the bar. Ended up losing Max at the drink and going home. He was on a rant about his girlfriend and how women are all screwed up. I imagine he picked up some lonely girl. I would love to do lunch one day next week. Let me know when is good for you and if you like sushi. Take it easy.  Chris 
 Hey,  What's up? Dave is in Mexico but I will call Scott and see if he has plans. We might be having a trading group bonding session (dinner and intense drunkeness) on Friday at my boss's hoose but if not I'd love to check out the game. Can I let you know tommorow? Let me know...  Chris 
 Crystal,  Scott is off to Dallas for the weekend but I think I can swing checking out a game on Friday. How many people? I'll try to find some Enron tickets. Let me know...  Chris 
 Tych,  I'm looking for 4 tickets for Friday's Astros game. If you stumble upon any let me know.  Thanx  Chris 
 Stock market is exploding. Dow 11133 (up 260). Nasdaq 2150 (up 60). It has to be higher than where you bought now?  Chris 
 You de man! 
 I have 4 tickets for Friday. I don't know if they are good, bad or what but they are free. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 I would like to move to the Enron Center garage.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 713-853-1633 
 Hey!  I think I am going to go home early so do you want to meet at my place around 6:30?  Chris 
 Chris Dorland Home 713-588-5131 Cell 713-416-6694 
 Chris Dorland 401-3511 14a St. SW Calgary, AB T2T 3Y1 403-214-0454  Are these change meant to keep me from losing 30% again this year?  Chris 
 elequently written 
 How was the Polo match? Did you catch the Sopranos season finale? A little disappointing if you ask me. I worked out yesterday and I can't straighten my arms. A little uncomfortable. Bring on the Advil. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 You not working today? I called like 3 times. Did you hear about Jaimie Hawley's litttle brother? She must be a mess. I haven't got anything for Mom's b-day yet. Any great ideas? Did she get her flowers for Mother's day? Father's day is coming up June 17. Maybe we should give Dad that Arnold Palmer flag for father's day. Later...  Chris 
 Did you see the quote in the Wall Street journal? Check it out.  Chris 
 no 
 taking off for the day... give me a shout on my cell  Chris 
 I don't know what my user name an password are for the system.  Chris Dorland 
 I don't think the machine that I use for ICE has been upgraded to windows 2000. There is no business applications selection under start>>programs>>on this machine.  Chris 
 Hey!  Is Johnny available on Saturday night? We need to think of something to do though. Let me know.  Chris 
 Any interest in playing golf Sunday with Ryan, my Dad and I ?  Chris 
 Dad,  Please don't forget to make tee times for Saturday and Sunday. I was thinking around noon Saturday and around 4pm on Sunday (Ryan can't make it untill then).  Thanx,  Chris 
 I think Rob and I might try to golf (or just hit some balls) after work. If we do we will probably go to Tradition (way North). I'll let you know. If I'm not going to be home I could leave your Amex in an envelope at the office of my apartment or you could grab it when I get back. Let me know...  Chris 
 you are the best j 
 Teri thanx for Al's address. I have Jan's info. for you  p. 416-205-4542 jwilson@sempratrading.com 
 Al,  How you doing? Just ran into Teri at Starbucks and she sent me your e-mail. Hope all is well with you and your family. I have one of the pictures of Madison you gave Mom in my house. She is soo cute! Anywany take care and if you find yourself in Calgary give me a call.  Chris  w 403-974-6910 h 403-214-0454 
 Mikey,  You checking this e-mail yet. Gowans called me last night and I got to hear all about how great her boyfriend is. Drop me a line.  Chris 
 Did you get the RRSP contribution I sent?  I need you to make a copy of the check and send me that and a receipt.  Thanx  Chris 
 What time are you going for beers? 
 Great concept. A little pricey.. 
 Hi Traci,  I hope you are having a good week. I am still a little tired from the weekend. Went out with my brother and a bunch of friends friday and saturday. Superbowl on sunday. Made for a very long monday. I have cooking class #2 tonight (soups and stocks). Should be a good time. Starting to get a little busier at work. Hopefully we will be up and trading sometime next week. I am coming to Red Deer this weekend. If you aren't busy we should do something on Saturday night. Have a great week and I will talk to you soon.  Chris 
 You should log on to MSN messenger. 
 test 
 Ryan,  You need to log onto msn IM.  Chris 
 thank you 
 Tricia,  Have you looked in to the stock option line item on my pay stub yet? The number on the stub is about 36000 and I think about 18000 is accurate.  Chris 
 Feel free to add to this.... 
 Dave,  What's up? Lovin' life in Calgary and looking forward to getting back to work. Hope your golf game and chika are doing equally well. Say hi to Scott, Eric and Brian. Drop me a line if you get a second. Take it easy.  Chris  chris.dorland@enron.com cdorland@hotmail.com h 403-214-0454 w 403-974-6910 
 Chris  Any progress getting us access to the fundy site? We would really like to be able to look at the weather ect..   Thanx  Chris 
 Lisa in Alberta.com people finder. o'connors chick 
 don't forget about O'connors chick 
 Gowans J 205-2705 Gowans J 244-0585 McBride T 346-8710 
 Simon Kwont Tiffany & Co. 85 Bloor St. West Toronto, ON M5S 1M1 416-921-3900 
 sounds like marriage to me.... 
 Check last years tax return for RRSP contribution limit. 
 Just wondering if you guys had looked into the mystery option exercise income that is showing up on my pay stub?  Chris 
 cdorland@hotmail.com 
 Dana  Fletch wants to sell 250 December PJM's at 36. Call me if you want those. Chris 3-1663 
 Thanx  cd 
 How's it going? Did you have a good time in Victoria? I have been running around like a chicken with my head cut off trying to get ready to move. Went to Red Deer this weekend and played a little golf. Pretty relaxing. I have so much shit to do. I better hop.  Chris 
 Ricardo,  I will be joining the East power desk at the beginning of October and I am trying to get up to speed on the PJM market. Kevin Prestor thought you would be able to help me find some data. I am looking for the following historics in excel format (send as much data as you have and feel free to include anything else that you think might be relevant):  - Daily prices for PJM( West), Cinergy, NEPP, NYPP, TVA and ERCOT - HDD's and CDD's for Philedelphia, Allentown Washington DC, Baltimore, Pittsburg, Newark, New York City, Cinncinati and any other cities that are relevant ? - Supply outage data for PJM - Daily Import / Exprot data for PJM - Historic daily nat gas prices Transco Zone 6 ( NY and Non-NY), Chicago, ... ???  Again, please feel free to make any suggestions. I am very new to the world of power and it is likely that I have overlooked something very obvious.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 Dad,  Did you get my message about my parking tag?  Chris 
 Kim,  Should I be worried that I haven't book movers yet?  Chris 
 Could you please send the documents to our office in Calgary.  Chris Dorland Enron Canada Corp. 3500 Canterra Tower 400 - 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, AB   Canada T2P 4H2  Thanx,  Chris 
 Margaret,  I received my transcripts from University today. I will send them by FedEx.  Chris 
 Margaret,  Just wanted to make sure you got the info. I sent on Thursday. How is the visa coming?  Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 I am starting to wade through it. The US health care system is very different from the Canadian but the Enron coverage seems quite comprehensive.  Chris 
 Kim,  I sent all of my Visa application information to Margaret by FedEx today.  Just thought I would keep you in the loop!  Chris 
 When you download MP3 files you should download them in 128 kps format. That is CD quality sound and you can get about 30 minutes of music on 32MB of memory on an MP3 player. You can sort by that format on Napster.  Chris 
 Chris,  I don't have AOL but I'll try to get set up this afternoon.  Thanx,  CD 
 Mine has 32 MB. You need way more that that. You can buy memory cards for most players. Check out  www.riohome.com  Chris 
 What is this stuff?  Chris 
 Carla,  Just wanted to confirm that you sent the package I left on your desk. Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I sent you a package by FEDEX today. I will fax copies of my diploma and transcripts as soon as I recieve them.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Carol,  What document are you referring to in this e-mail?  I have received so much stuff lately I don't know what I have and what I don't have.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kim,  I received the benefit book and will look through it tonight. Do you know the name of the lady I am susposed to be in contact with at Enron relocation services? She called me yesterday but I have forgotten her name. I am wondering if I need to have my visa done before she will book the movers. In regards to my visa, I have gathered pretty much all the info. that Margaret needs with the exception of University transcripts. I had to order those and probably won't get them untill early next week.  Thank you for all your help!  Chris 
 Dad,  I booked a tee time for Saturday at 1:44pm.  Chris 
 Things are crazy. I still don't have a moving date or work visa but every one assures me I have lots of time. I would go to a store like future shop or look on the internet at chapters.ca. All electronics / stereo shops have them now. Make sure you get one with lots of memory. Take it easy.  Chris 
 Margaret,  I have completed all of the information and am awaiting my University transcripts. The copy in my HR file is missing and I have ordered some but this may take 2-3 days. Should I send the other info. and forward the transcripts when I receive them or wait and send it all together?  Let me know,  Chris 
 I do have one running for my RRSP account. $500 per month. I was wrong about my unregistered account.  Chris 
 TJae do you know the phone number for the doctor's office?  Thanx  Chris 
 Don't forget to cancel that PAC for me?  Talk to you later.  Chris 
 Kim,  Could you please explain (pretent you are talking to a 4 year old) the details of the following.  a) Health care coverage provided by Enron and any costs associated with that coverage including: - Medical - Dental - Vision Is this enough coverage? Is there supplemental coverage available? What is / is not covered?  b) Life / Accidental Death and Dismemberment / Disability Insurance  - What (if any) is provided coverage?  c) What programs concerning retirement saving (company matched savings, pension benefits ect...) will I participate in?  - What are these programs? - How do I sign up?  d) I am told I should opt out of social security. How does that work?  e) What is my vacation allocation? How do unused vacation day work in the US?  f) In Canada, we have a "Health Spending Account" of $1000 / year that we can allocate towards eye glasses, health club memberships ect...  - Does a similar program exist in the US?  g) I will be required to file 2 tax returns (Canada and US) in 2000. Will Enron cover the cost of having those returns prepared?  h) Is parking at the Allen Center covered in the offer? If not, could it be?  Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing from you.  Chris Dorland 
 Brad  Could you cancel my PAC plan after the September contribution.  I have thought more about the leverage idea you suggested and want to talk to you. Can I give you a call later this afternoon? What time are you going to be in the office until? What is you home phone number. I will be at the office late tonight working on move shit.  Chris 
 Brad  The lady in our HR department told me Charlotte is out on maternity leave. Do you want me to find out who else we can call?  Chris 
 Did you contact Clarica? Do I need to do anything?  Chris 
 I got the package from Fed Ex. Thought I would let you know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Carol,  Fed Ex missed me on Saturday but are going to deliver it to the office today (hopefully).  Thanx,  Chris 
 Dad,  US Thanksgiving is November 23/24. I will be coming home the night of Nov.22 and leaving on Sunday Nov. 26.  Chris 
 Dawn got my apartment  # wrong in her e-mail. This is  my correct address.  408 100 10a St. NW Calgary, AB T2N 4T3  Thanx,  Chris 
 I am wondering if you know which moving company Enron uses to move people to Houston. Despite the fact that I haven't seen the formal offer I think I should book a  mover so I don't get stuck. Let me know if you know or if there is someone in Houston I should talk to (Jennifer?).  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kim,  What is the address of the HR website where I can see my old pay stubs? I'm trying to sort out my parking situation.  Thanx  Chris 
 What do you need from me to transfer my RRSP and Penson. I want to take care of it weekend.  Chris 
 Got my number from Lavo today. $80k USD / year and a promo in Feb.  See you Saturday.  Chris 
 Kevin,  October 2 sounds fine. I am going to try to be there earlier than that but I am sure I will be in and out of the office taking care of bullshit. Will the package they are sending include info. on movers? I want to book them as soon as possible.  kcd 
 I will be moving to Houston by the end of the month. I am actually going to be trading electricity so that should be an interesting change from nat gas. We will have to hook up once I get settled. How much longer are you going to be in Boston? How far is Dallas from Houston?  Keep in touch!  Chris 
 I am leaving in a 2-3 weeks. Pretty much as soon as I can get all my shit together. Nice timing on my part. No winter for Chris. I'll think of you in the snow when I'm on the golf course.  cd 
 What do I have to give you in order to transfer this stuff? 
 Mustafa  I finally found Nav.  nrahemtulla@thecampus.com  I am moving to Houston to trade power in the Northeastern US.  Gotta hop,  Chris 
 My pension and group RRSP is with Clarica. Can I transfer those assets to you?  Chris 
 Thanx for Nav's address. Congrats on the CFA. Cowan just finished level 2. I don't think I'm going to take it after watching the hell he went through.  Chris 
 Nav,  How are you doing? What are you doing? I am still working for Enron. I have been trading nat gas for about 3 years. I am moving to Houston at the end of the month. In my next life I am going to be trading electricity in the NE US. Should be interesting. Crazy volatility. I will probably have a heart attack at 26 but that's life. Hope things are going well for you.  w/b  Chris Dorland 
 Where is AB gas? This market is such a shit show. How are things going? I am going to get fucked on broker gifts this X-mas. That sucks.  Later  CD 
 Brad,  I'm on dope. I was looking at the wrong bank statement. The $700 number sounds correct. Can you sell that stuff for me please. I'll give you a cheque this weekend to top up my RRSP.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I have never done a houseboating trip but they sound like a lot of fun. Was the weather good? Houston was hot. Very hot. I better get used to it though because I'm moving there. That is why I have been so crazy lately. I am going down there to trade power in the North East. Pretty crazy shit. I gotta hop but I'll write more later.  Chris 
 $700 ?  It has to be more than that. I had a $500/month PAC set up that I just cancelled in April. 
 Ryan,  Good to hear things are going well. I am still with Enron but I am in the process of moving to Houston. I'm going down there to trade electricity so that should be interesting change from nat gas. No wife. No house. No liver. That's about it. Hope India was a good time.  Keep in touch!  Chris  Chris.Dorland@enron.com  (ps Any idea where Nav is?) 
 What do I have with you in non-registered accounts?  Chris 
 Brad,  I have contributed $3000 this year to my RRSP through you and $3300 through Enron. What is my maximum contribution for 2000 $13500?  Is 3pm a good time for me to call you? If not, when is?  Chris 
 Tricia,  I am moving to our Houston office and have some questions regarding my RRSP and Pension with Clarica.  Can you give me a call when you have a minute on Tuesday afternoon (after 1pm when trading is done) and I will come by and see you.  Thanx,  Chris 
 How's it going. I've been in Houston all week. When are you going houseboating? Must be soon.  I'll write more later.  Chris 
 In order to access the phone system I need a password. I have requested one twice but still haven't received it.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Are you coming over on Saturday night?  We can talk then.  Chris 
 I went to Kelly Blue Book on the internet and they provide 2 values for used vehicles, a trade in value (what you might expect to get for a vehicle from a dealer on trade in) and a retail value (what you might expect to pay for a vehicle from a dealer). The following were the values it came up with for a Jeep exactly like mine in Montana (closest state).  Trade In - $15330 USD ($22750 CND) Retail - $20945 USD ($31061 CND)  The retail number seems way too high. I think something like $23 000 to $25000 would be fair.  Let me know what you think.  Chris 
 Brad,  I don't know if you've heard but I am moving to Houston at the end of September. I need to know how much I have contributed to my RRSP through you this year so I can maximize my annual contributions before I go. Can you figure this out and let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 John,  I am planning to come to Houston Wednesday and Thursday to sit with the East desk. Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming.  Chris 
 In response to this e-mail. The guy who had the party is Rob Milnthorp. He is the Pres. and CEO of Enron Canada. John Disturnall is our option trader. Jon Mckay runs Canadian trading and is my immediate boss.  I must have missed this one. 
 It is a 1997 Grand Cherokee Laredo, 55 000 km's, V8 loaded. I think it is worth about $25 Grand.  Thanx  Chris 
 I'm not on either. It is good upside down. I am crazy busy. Did you get the "Doesn't really matter.." bit. I am so funny. 
 Dad,  When are you buying mom a new Jeep? I need to sell my truck and do it fast. I was thinking I could trade it in towards mom's new one and that might be the best way to get at least decent money for it. Just a thought.  Chris 
 It doesn't really matter if you don't like the new Janet song. I'm so funny. My life is being turned upside down by work but I can't be much more specific than that. 
 POWER IS JUST AS CRAZY  I HAVE TO GO PUT ON MY RAINBOW WIG AND RED SHOES AND GET BACK TO THE CLOWN SHOW!  CD 
 Where do you get this stuff? Sorry I haven't written back but my world is being turned upside down. It is amazing how much your life can change in a day.  more to follow... 
 I got a tee time for 12:24 on Sunday.  Chris 
 Writing to confirm your receipt of my account information forms sent by fax. I wanted to make sure you had all the information you needed to set up the account. Please call me at 403-974-6910 when you have the account number.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland Enron 
 I'll be home Friday at 6pm. Dinner sounds great.  Chris 
 Looks like what I thought was happening is happening. Give me a call.  Chris 
 I talked to Rod he got me a time at 1:21 for Saturday. I'll play with my buddies on Saturday. I would like to play with you and mom in Sunday. I'll book a tee time if that is OK.  Chris 
 I would like to golf both days this weekend. Do we have times?  Let me know I can try to book some if Rod hasn't. 
 Tricia,  I want to exercise some Enron stock options but don't know who I should call. Do you have a name and/or phone number of someone? I also don't know what information I need to have in order to exercise. Could you give me a call (x6910) and help me out.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 I was not hung over yesterday. I had 3 beers and went home. How about that for self control? I watched women's gymnastics olympic trials on saturday night and did some laundry. What a loser I am. I am going to Sylvan this weekend. My friend Meghan is moving to Sydney Australia and Saturday is her going away party. Meg's cabin parties are  generally epic gong shows. I need to rest up this week. I bought in-line pants at the Gap yesterday. Now if I get some rollerblades I'll have the official pants. I don't think you need to take your rollerblades in to get the wheels rotated every week. Can't you do it yourself? I could probably even do it and I'm the most mechanically inept person in the world.  Chris 
 Kim,  Can you contact Mikie Rath regarding my 401K plan. I haven't received anything from Northern Trust and would like to get set up. I would like begin contributing as soon as possible.  Thanx,  Chris  (PS The way it was explained to me the $10 500 / annum contribution limit is only for personal contributions and does not include company matching, is this correct?) 
 We should grab some sushi and talk. Call me at work.  Chris 
 Are you working this fine Sunday. I am. It has been crazy around here. Mike has been out so I've been going 90 mph with my hair on fire. This week should be better. I still haven't bought any rollerblades. I've been playing lots of squash. How was your week? Gotta watch Tiger now.  Chris 
 I told her about it but I don't think she can make it. She called me when she was in Calgary yesterday. Call me when you get home.  283-9232  Chris 
 Meg,  Jill is having a birthday barbeque at her house August 27. She wanted me to let you know.  Chris 
 Sorry, it has been a gong show around here. I'll write back soon.  Chris 
 Ryan  Testing the Ivey e-mail forwarding system. If you get this w/b.  Chris Dorland 
 Nav,  Opened my Ivey Alumninet package after about a year in my in box and thought I would try it out. If this gets to you w/b.  Chris Dorland 
 I was sent a password but have missplaced it. Could you e-mail me a password please.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland HBA 97 Enron Canada Corp. 
 I am not using CQG but I think someone in Canada is using my ID  Chris 
 Gina,  Ryan Watt runs our model for us now so I don't need this spreadsheet everyday.  Thanx,  Chris 
 No golf for me at 10:00am. 
 Torrey/Mark,  Below is the error message Chris gets when logging in to EOL. If we hit Yes it keeps coming back with the same error. (Sometimes it works though... you figure it out). If you hit No, the browser session freezes up.  We have done the following:  Uninstalled/Reinstalled Shockwave Reinstalled browser   Please look at this ASAP since he needs to be able to see the customer screen.  Thanks,  Attila x6912 
 The wedding was great! Too much fun. Once again I'm hung over on a monday. No great stories except that I nearly wiped out while walking down the aisle. I tripped on a cord to a video camera. Mildly embarrassing. My friend was a rock. I think I was more nervous than him. Ft. Mac is a total shit hole. On my tombstone it wil read " He went to Ft. MacMurray, once."  No Houston for me. Thank god. I have to go to a party at my boss's on Saturday. I think I might try to play golf as well. I will be taking it very easy. No more booze. My liver hurts.  Chris 
 Happy belated B-Day! How was the party? I am so tired today. Too much driving. I think I set a land speed from Ft. Mac to Calgary yesterday.  Chris 
 Meg,  Can't wait for the cabin party. Taking my lampshade to the cleaners after work.  Chris 
 I got rewarded for hard work. 
 No I'm sure it was well within the boundaries of our tolerance policy. 
 Got some great news today! I'll call you tonight. 
 Some of my questions.  What is the difference between the 401K plan and savings plan?  How much does Enron contribute / match for each plan?  What is the max. annual 401k contribution?  Thanx,  Chris 
 What is your hotmail nickname? 
 That was very nice. Where do you get this stuff?  Chris 
 I only like the movies that all the 14 year old kids like. 
 I don't have my drivers license yet. I start driver's training next week. 
 Have you ever been to a movie on a Tuesday? I can afford the extra $4 to sit in a theater that isn't totally packed with 14 year old kids. The Klumps starts at 7:15 at Eau Claire. How does that sound? My friend's wedding is in Ft. Mac. That is why I'm going there on thursday. 
 I want to go see the klumps. How is tonight? I don't go to movies on tuesdays. You are going out wednesday and I leave for Ft. Mac on thursday. 
 Kelly,  I got you address from an e-mail from Meg and thought I would say hi. How is work going? Still in boston? I'm still plugging away at ENE. Buy the stock. It's the next CSCO.  Gotta hop!  w/b  Chris 
 I have to run a bunch of errands today and pick up some decorations for my buddy's wedding this weekend so I can't go golfing. That sucks. It is so nice outside. Maybe I'll work up the energy to go for a run later. Probably not. I am such a lazy piece of shit lately. I am definately going to go running now. Self depreciation has motivated me. I need to buy some rollerblades. Where did you get yours? Cowan says that K2 are really good and relatively inexpensive. Any thoughts? Maybe I'll look for rollerblades when I'm out this afternoon. You should be proud of me. I was able to stay out of the bottle all weekend. Quite an accomplishment don't you think. One hour to go. Someone shoot me!  Chris 
 I don't suspose you are working on the beautiful holiday monday but I just thought I would say hi. I am so bored! As soon as the Nymex settles I am getting out of here.  Chris 
 Thanx  Chris 
 Jester You are a fag. 
 Kim,  Thanx for your help with my parking problem. I will contact Louis and hopefully he can take care of it. Can you give me a call sometime Tuesday afternoon. I have some ?'s about the 401K and savings plans.  Thanx  Chris 
 Jay,  I can't seem to add any new products to my customer page. Mike Cowan said to drop you a line and have you clear the pages.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 The stag was a total monkey show. We played golf and pool, ate some dinner, took in the ballet and the hit the bars. I did manage to get a couple of rounds of golf in between all the drinking. I actually played pretty good. Houseboating sounds like fun. I've never done that. I am so on the wagon. I can't express to you how little I'm going to drink this weekend. Lots of golf. 
 Enron Corp. up 1 5/8 
 What questions? I accidentally deleted your e-mail from yesterday and don't remember any questions. I hadn't seen the jokes before but they were pretty funny. The sports ones were pretty good. The others were pretty tasteless, so they were my favorites. I feel much better today. I'm already getting psyched up for the weekend. I am going to play golf and not drink. I hate alcohol. I am on the wagon. For good this time. At least for a week anyway.  Chris 
 When you have them ready could you give me the reversals for this month please.  Thanx  Chris 
 Dianne,  Do you have our index positions for September ready yet?  Thanx,  Chris 
 How was your holiday? You missed some beautiful weather. My best friend's stag was on saturday and I still feel like shit. I guess I deserve it for drinking 200 beers. From what I recall I had a good time though. Tonight I am going to bed at 8pm. I can't wait.  Chris 
 How did the pattened move work?  cd 
 I will be able to attend Milly's party. 
 Saturday was really fun. Golf was great. Mike and Andrew's group was by far the drunkest foursome. Dinner was good and then we went to the Sutter club to play pool. That is when things got out of hand. We got Ryan a bright yellow T-shirt with "NOBODY KNOWS I'M A LESBIAN" written in big block letters. Call me tonight and I'll give you all the gory details. My head still hurts. 
 Five years out of any particular date? 
 "Mr. Launer's tip for investors who don't have the time to do exhaustive research: Look for companies such as Enron and El Paso whose stocks are trading at price-earnings multiples that are lower than their long-term growth rates."  The one thing that scares me about Enron is the P/E, regardless of earnings growth. Our earnings growth has been so strong it is like a treadmill that keeps getting faster and faster. At some point you fall on your ass. That being said, I have never sold a share of Enron stock or exercised an option. We always seem to find ways to reinvent ourselves and make money appear from nowhere. Investment in Enron should be treated with the same caution as investing in Cisco or any other new economy stock that challenges traditional valuation methods.  Chris 
 Dad,  What is the rule for guests on the weekend?  Chris 
 Pancanadian Petroleum - Wayne Harvey Transcanada Gas Services - Brian Krumpka Engage Energy Canada - Toby McKenna Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce - Alan Wright (not too sure about this one) 
 I cannot seem to suspend my product without hitting the red hand button (not an option when I right click on the product and not red stop light).  thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Tasha  How are you doing? Did you have a good stampede? I had a great stampede but got a nasty cold. Work is going good. Do you know Ryan Flemming? He went to Riverglen and is a pretty good friend of mine. Anyway, he is getting married August 12 so I've been pretty busy organizing his stag and getting ready for his wedding. Went to Red Deer this weekend and saw my parents. Did you know my brother moved to Toronto? I need to find a smaller place but for now I'm staying in Kensington. That is all that is new in my life. We should hit a patio and have a drink one night.  Take it easy,  Chris 
 Jay,  I can't seem to suspend my product without hitting the stop sign with the hand on it. The red stop light isn't showing up and when I right click on the product the suspend product option is faded and I can't select it. How can I fix this? Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 Did you where you clown suit to work?  What a fucking shit show!  cd 
 Kathy,  Could you run a NX3 position report for our book please.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I never get any good jokes which is why I haven't been sharing any. I am having a shitting week. Sick and tired. I can't wait for the weekend. I am going to sleep and golf. Where are you going on vacation? There aren't many weekends left in the summer and that sucks! Out of the weekends that are left I have two weddings and one stag, a trip to Houston and a trip to Toronto. I am never going to play any golf.  gotta hop 
 Rod,  Thanx for booking those tee times. I will be playing on saturday and I am going to get either Mike or Brad to join us if that is OK.  Chris  (Are you guys golfing on Sunday? I booked a time for 11:52) 
 Sorry I haven't responded. I left early yesterday and have been big time busy today. I am still pretty sick.  I'll write back soon. 
 Do you have any plans for July 29th? If not, would you like to come to Ryan's stag? You could play golf with Darryl Brown, Ryan's dad and their friend Dave. I think those guys are going to play golf and then come to dinner afterwards. Let me know either way.  Chris 
 Dawn,  How long does it usually take Blue Cross to refund $ for the flexible spending account? I sent in a claim form a month ago and haven't seen anything yet. The reason I'm concerned is that when my brother moved he did a change of address and my mail has been screwed up ever since.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Today I'm leaving by 5. Usually by 5:30-6. Et vous? 
 I can't just sit here and write e-mails all day. I'm a busy man. I did not mean to offend you. I had smoozing to do and didn't want to neglect our customers. 
 That was not a snub. I was being sneaky... 
 Just so you know we are expecting the coldest weather in 4-5 years to hit Alberta this weekend and next week. Temps of -40 celcius are not out of the question.  Chris 
 How was your final stampede weekend? I have a cold so I layed pretty low this weekend. Did your friend have a good time?  w/b  cd 
 How's it going? Hear you are working pretty crazy hours. Went to NN with the boys on Saturday and played golf in Kananaskis yesterday so all in all a good weekend. I have a post stampede cold so I won't be doing much other than work and sleep for a few days. Take it easy and write back when you get a minute.  Chris 
 Go buy Independence Day on DVD. 
 And you are moching me for peace out.. 
 I thought you would like that. We've been working the homeboy language in the broker market all week. You diss'n me? I'll bust a cap in your ass. 
 I was wondering why I wasn't getting any mail. Could  you please send me that stuff through intercompany mail. I need to pay that insurance bill soon. If they can't straighten it out I'll send you your mail a couple times a week through inter-company mail.  Peace out! 
 That's fine. I'll be home all night. 
 The have Mike's Hard and stuff like that. I generally never go out during the week. I was home by 7pm yesterday but I am an enormous baby when it comes to hangovers. I'm not going to the rodeo on Friday but I am going to the chucks that night. Tonight I rest. 
 Kim,  I am getting parking deducted twice from my pay check. Who do I contact to straighten that out?  Thanx  Chris 
 How are things going? Learning lots? Went to the rodeo and then to Nashville North yesterday so feeling a little fuzzy today. I'm not doing anything today but tommorow I am going to the rodeo and then to a big industry party so that should be good for a headache. Friday I'm going to the Chick Wagon party and Saturday to Nashville North with the boys. Weather has been good and looks like that will continue. Did you find a gym yet?  w/b  Chris 
 Today my head hurts. I don't know where our seats at the rodeo are. Yesterday they were at the north end of the infield but I have no idea where they are for tommorow. A word to the wise, avoid the draft beer at the rodeo. I contains rat poison. 
 I do not suck at writing e-mails. You just can't appreciate the sense of humor one develops in my line of work. It's borderline madness. I should be home all night but do call first  in case I'm outside working in the gar