 ty 
 Cantor Fitzgerald will be used along with Gas Daily for CA gas prices under the Ferc proxy price.  Are you guys familiar with Cantor's pricing publication?  How do we submit prices to these guys?  Let me know if you have any idea.  Thanks, Mike 
 did we get the 5/d rox at plus .02 yesterday?  mike 
 Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD for term.  Have Patti Sullivan load all transport from the transport model in sitara so that the physical index positions will be recognized in NCD.   This would include SJ/Perm to Socal through OCT, Baja through MAR 20001 (100,000/d short PG&E Topock, 20,000/d long KRS, and 80,0000/d long Citygate), Kingsgate to Malin(Barry), Steve South's latest transport deal from Kingsgate/Stanfield to Malin, and any SJ to Waha transport.  Anne, did you get a ticket from Steve on the transport mentioned above? King/Stan to Malin.  Also, let me know what the status of the transport deal from Kingsagte to Malin with Barry.  Is the gd index for Perm position loading correctly in NCD for Apr-Oct?  Mo, please carry out the physical positions in NCD through Mar 2001.  Thanks!  Mike 
 the kdoole is wrong.  i will get you the correct address today.  thanks.   mike 
 Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 No.  I will not agree to any penalty charges on nomination errors.  Please call me if you should have any questions.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Take a look at the rates for Cayman.  We should try to get a corporate conference rate.  I will have Ina look into that possibility.  Cancun is not an option in March and April - all booked.  Mike 
 Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.  Thank you for your help.  Mike Grigsby 
 Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list.  mhenergy@yahoo.com kdoole@mh.com  Thanks, Mike 
 You all have done an excellent job with the gas daily products.  I have been asked to follow up with you guys to ensure that the products are rolled out on EOL at the same time each day and that they be managed in the same manner that you manage your cash products each day.  We have been asked to have one a day up at all times with a relatively tight two way and to provide market depth.  You may provide market depth, offset to last trade, or use last trade mid functions.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this request.  Thanks, Mike 
 We would like to schedule our trip to Cancun, Ritz Carlton for March 29, Thursday through Sunday.  It will be the trading group only, less Tori Kuykendall.  Please look into planning this trip.  You are the queen.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Would it be okay if we went ahead and rolled the socal and baja transport in sitara?  I would like to input the Socal transport through October 2001, San Juan to PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock (ask Janie for the allocation in April).  The Baja transport is through March 2002.  80000/d to Citygate and 20,000 to KRS off-system.  This will really help me monitor my physical index exposure on the curve. Let's get together and discuss tomorrow.  Thanks, Mike 
 I have asked Bob Badeer to help us research what the utilization rate of gas fired plants in the west was last year and what, if any, the impact of lower hydro and even warmer temps would mean to gas consumption in 2001.  We need to account for any political changes in air pollution credits this year that may increase gas consumption in 2001.  Let's discuss in the afternoon. 3:30 meeting.  Grigsby 
 Can we update a west contact sheet?  I would like to have all traders and operations personnel listed.  Name, address, home phone, work phone, cell phone, and email.  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Nice work.  We are so proud of you.  Mike 
 Bobby,  You love my glasses, don't you?  Let me know when you can send those down to me.  Mail to the office senor.  You are the King.  Grigsby 
 Please  add thaywood@ftenergy.com to the distribution list.  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Yes, please send out a revised sheet with non-eol trades included.  Please send it out early this morning and then we will send the final sheet by noon today.  Thanks,  Mike 
 The proxy price will be Gas Daily and Cantor Fitzgerald for Ca deliveries. How do we submit prices to Cantor Fitzgerald?  Anne, we will need to come up with  a cash report, much like our monthly index report for the publications.  Our data submitted will be under scrutiny at some point in the future.  It is important that all of our cash (one day) deals are reported accurately each day.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mind your own business options east.  Enjoy. Mike 
 please check the fin BOM curveshift number.  details as to why we differ.  Thanks, Mike 
 What is this deal?  Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave?  Thanks, Mike 
 Hutch,  How is everything at home?  We would like to come by this week to see the three of you.  I am sorry we couldn't come by last weekend, but we were all sick.  Jake continues to be a walking virus.  Talk to you later this week.  Grigsby 
 How is it going?  Have you seen little Allstar?  We are looking forward to coming to Austin soon to see Charles.  6201 Meadow Lake Houston, TX 77057 home 713-780-1022 work 713-853-7031  Grigsby 
 I will look over the options on Tuesday and get back to you as soon as possible.  Thank you, Mike 
 Please review the transport for next month and make certain that it is set up correctly for market prices.  Perm to Socal based on current spreads, SJ to Waha on EPNG, SJ to Waha on TW, etc.  The SJ to Waha spread is .20 for next month, does the transport work at these spreads?  Please make the changes before prebid.  Also, please put in a good burn estimate for Citizens next month.  Please prepare to supply our socal pool with non-topock gas 100% next month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt.  The index totals do not match the volumes in the Consindex tab in newcurrentday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sorry.  The topock curve should be marked as Socal flat.  Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads.  Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.  Can we run a report showing the curveshift spread between the two points since Jan 1, 2001?  Thanks.  Mike 
 What was the 10 million diff?  Physical book?  Thanks, Mike 
 Will I get access to the VP  investment program for this year's bonus?  Let's push for this if not.  Grigsby 
 Can i get my ehronline id?  Thanks.  Mike 
 Fixing the PG&E topock curve to Socal less .25 would only allocate more positive income to the transport.  The position at topock is short.  I am not sure if this is the problem from Friday.  Let's get together in the morning. Thanks for the email.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  I hope everything is going well.  The gas market is up to its same old tricks this year.  Keep in touch.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Congratulations to you as well!  I am looking forward to working with you and the Denver office.  We are excited about the term opportunities in the west this year.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Matt,  Please take a look at these spreadsheets and calc the gas usage by plant and by pipe in CA.  Chris Foster is telling us that most of these palnts will be shutting down in the next few weeks due to credit exposure.  Let's discuss the impact on sendouts.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Thank you for the email.  It has been a long ride since I began my morning's sitting with you on the old GD desk.  I hear your name all of the time, but rarely run into you.  I hope to see you soon.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  It sounds like everything is going well for you. We are in Portland this week hanging out with the boys.  Planning to go skiing in Bachelor this afternoon.  We'll see you in Houston one of these days.  Take care, Mike 
 Barry,  I would like to focus our deal flow on Apr-Oct or 1 yr San Juan and Rockies supply.  Our fundamental investment is mainly in the rockies for 2001.  Let's get together with Mark Whitt, Paul Lucci, and others to set our supply goals for the mainly the apr-oct period.  I would like to work on buying every mmbtu of Opal, and all points included in the IF NW Rockies index.  Our goal should be to purchase at least 400,000/d of rockies supply and 500,000/d of San Juan Blanco and Bondad.  we have been buying these phys index points at +.01 in the rockies and +.005 in the San Juan.  You may need to coordinate with Fred Lagrosta's group initially to get all of their producer contacts.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you for the summary.  Where can we find a detailed summary of the gas cost mechanism?  Are we confident that it is an average of all border points into CA?  If the real time price is capped at the least efficient generator, then what happens if this genertor can only buy Socal daily gas?  This avergae CA gas price will lead to a tighter heat rate for the generators, since the spread between Malin and Socal has reached $7.00 at times.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Please activate all draft products in finswaps, and nontx phys and phys index (all terms) including restricted SJ.  Thank you very much.  Please call me when they are activated.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I have been thinking about the cash book idea for group and I think we need to discuss this in more detail.  I would like to continue to use the physical for large prompt positions going forward.  I am afraid that the baseload volumes may not continue on their current trend if we break out the books. We need to discuss how the cash books would lay off risk.  i.e. Intra regional spreads with GD swap legs or spreads with other cash points and then booking out at gd mid to the internal counterparty.  Janie managing SJ and laying off risk on Steve's Opal.  I know that the cash books would be a good idea for dailies , but I am not sure how to do this without giving up the cash risk for baseload as well.  What are your thoughts?  I would also like to discuss the staffing issues.  Matt Smith and Susan Scott to analyst,  Jay to the ROX, etc.  It seems like Ken S. has shown more interest in the west fundies lately.  Should we keep his services?  The basis products need another book.  Who can we add to the mix?  I think that we should look into having Frank focus on prompt month only.  He has a great interest in cash and fundies and this should serve him well in managing tight two ways for all products on the prompt.  Keith can do term with another book.  Monique is going to take over the gd swaps for Kern, SJ, and Perm.  I will continue to manage the CA products.  This should allow us to provide tighter two ways across the west. I will continue to manage all index products and prompt month phys fixed price.  Operations needs more labor as well as an analyst or two to monitor flows. The analysts will monitor flows by price and hopefully find creative ways to nom the market.  EOL.  Keith has a great idea of opening up all products to the desk so that you may insert a bid or an offer inside of the manager's markets.  We should propose this to EOL.  This would allow for tighter markets on all products and prevent the desk from working markets through the brokers.  Ca cash products.  Let's call a meeting about how to offer more Socal physical products.  I would like to have PG&E topock and Socal Ehrenberg before the summer.   Mike 
 Let's discuss the following.  Making markets on GD swaps and managing the risk Hiring a new analyst to track our spreadsheets, create our products and get them ready to trade each morning. Your Access EOL reports.  Get it to a level that Ina might be able to download the data each day. Talk to Susan about joining the group.  Mike 
 I would like to add electronic index descriptions to the database.  Please refernece Gas Daily publication, page three for the location of these indices.  We can simply insert the location of the electronic index where we currenly have the gas daily index survey language in the gd swaps in the database.  I would like to have electronic gd swaps for the following points.  El Paso Permian, El Paso , non-bondad, Kern River/Opal Plant, Socal Gas, large packages.  We will need to add electronic to the product title to differentiate between the two gd swaps.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet.  Thanks.  Mike 
 I will volunteer for interviewing candidates.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell. She needs to include the sources with the filing. 
 Anne,  We would like to know the P&L for trading California gas this year for physical only.  Please run a report summarizing the P&L at Socal Topock, PG&E Topock, Socal Ehrenberg, Ca Production, PG&E Topock, Malin, etc.  We will then need to notify John Lavorado of the results.  Thanks, Mike 
 Any word on the sw bell charges for DSL service?  Also, will you have houston cellular activate my voice mailbox?  Thanks, Mike 
 Good morning.  With the energy crisis in California at this time, we will need to be extra careful with nominations at Socal and throughout the west to ensure that we continue to provide the excellent nomination service that we have been providing to our customers.  You guys are doing an excellent job and we understand that you are under quite a bit of pressure with limited staff.  Our contracts state that we must notify every customer of  pipeline allocations 12 hours in advance.  We all know that this can be almost impossible on EPNG, but because of the current price levels at Socal and the basins, Enron needs to call each customer and notify them of their cuts with an explanation of the pipeline cuts each day to avoid any potential penalties.  We also need to document when the call was made.  In regards to the ATM nominations on Socal (ones that we can't monitor), Enron will be requesting full pipeline summaries of the nominations from our counterparties.  Please try to think of any nomination gaming that may take place at these historical levels.  We need to remember that our counterparties may not act as they have in the past due to the market price implications on their P&L.  We should not rely on prior business conduct in regards to "standard epng allocations" when dealing with our customers.  I would expect that the market is going to overreact to any cuts that may be above the "pipeline average".  Let's discuss how we are going to monitor the flows of nominations out of our control.  How do we prevent collusion with respect to the socal nominations that we can't see?  Are there package numbers on each baseload contract to ensure that they don't simply reshuffle gas according to price? Let me know which companies are not providing Enron with timely allocation reports at Socal and I will call their senior trader to discuss getting this operational information sooner.  Sincerely,  Mike 
 What do you thnk about amazon gift certificates of $30.00 to the group?  Let's put the "Tick" on selling mojave index for feb-oct 2001.  heavy orig if he can find a nice market.  Let's put Ina on the west desk trip for Feb.  We should book it now to send a nice message to the group after our last cancellation.  Grigsby 
 Did we send the odd lot trading postcard to all of our customers?  I didn't know it was sent out.  What was the response, etc.?  Our RC number is 105891.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 It looks like Anne accidentally include two Sumas trades in the Rockies data priced at 13.90 and 14.00.  She will send out a revised spreadsheet on Thursday.  The Rockies Opal wacog will then be $5.913.  Sorry for the error.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director, West Trading 
 Anne,  We need to delete the two trades listed under rockies that are priced 13.90 and 14.00.  Please move these trades to Sumas and resend the data to the publications with an explanation.  The index for rox should be 5.9125 after you make the changes.  Thanks, Mike 
 Okay, I think the tds tab in newcurrentday was wrong.  It is showing a jan pos of 269.55 lots, but TDS is showing 539.1.  False alarm.  We will fix newcurrentday.  Mike 
 The PG&E basis position in TDS does not match the FEB/MAR position.  The Baja spread was executed as a NOV-MAR position months ago. The only real changes were to Socal basis over time. There is no telling when this might have changed in error.  Will you please research the position to see when this position was reduced.  I am guessing that a park and loan was executed by Frank Ermis at some point and the basis risk was allocated to GD New by mistake.  Thanks, Mike 
 Nice compliment.  We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.  Please get together with me and the fundies group to work out a report.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ina,  Will you please add the following fax number to the fax memory button that Pete Keavey uses to submit daily prices.  The NGW fax number is 202-347-8089.  Anne,  Starting tonight, will you add NGW to the monthly bidweek email and index postings.  Send the documents to SSpeaker@energyintel.com  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you.  Can you also address the question about gda physical volumes not showing up in my position manager?  Let me know.  Mike 
 Are we confident that the gda priced positions are not being represented in my newcurrentday position sheet?  I know that Phillips triggered their volumes back to GDA equivalent and that Matt Lenhart bought some GDA malin gas.  How do we keep these from showing up in the physical risk?  Mike 
 The position sheet from yesterday afternoon, close of business, is quite different than the position posted in newcuurentday for 11/29.  What do you think the difference is?  The SJ, Perm, and Socal don't match.  Are we booking them correctly.  Let me know.  Ask Anne to reconcile each day with comments on the prompt tab.  Thanks, Mike 
 We will need to discuss how to adjust physical risk to match the flow constraints on EPNG.  The currrent capacity cuts in the SJ and Socal topock delivery points are 50%.  I would like my P&L to show this risk.  Please find a way to adjust the positions according to a daily flow curve that can be set in newcurrentday by either myself or Monique.  Also, We will need to set up a new physical curve for Mojave Topock.  Our transport is currently being reallocated by EPNG for deliveries to Mojave instead of Socal topock.  I would like to show the transport on EPNG value as SJ plus cost to Mojave and have the value roll out each month, if any.  The risk is showing the value of SJ to Socal topock (currently wide spreads for 2001) on the transport when it actually has less value delivering to Mojave topock.  Sincerely, Mike 
 My address is 6201 Meadow Lake 77057 and my home phone is 713-780-1022.  The horns looked great last week.  Chris Simms is alive.  The best quarterback performance I have ever seen in Memorial stadium since Peter the Great.  Just think if we had Phil Brown running the ball.  Grigs 
 no attachments included 
 Hello JJ.  The Clark family will have me traveling to Abilene on this day.  I hate to miss the highlight of the X-MAS holiday.  Let me know what the plans are for New Year's Eve this year.  Will you guys be in Houston?  I hope Dallas is treating you well.  We can't wait to see Michael.  Clark and Jake are doing great.  Grigsby 
 thank you 
 Ina,  thank you for the site.  Will you please have me added to the site access?  I tried to login without success.  Sincerely, mike 
 This looks good.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please create the following monthly for daily swap.  IF GD/D CIG (N SYS). The GD index is listed under CIG (N. Sys) on page two.  The monthly index  is listed as CIG Rocky Mountain.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Hey guys.  Let's try this.  Take the data from 2000 and change the following.  Take Keystone West volumes to 850,000/d rateably, then add the new gen numbers posted below.  You will need to add this demand to the EOC S ML demand numbers (Is Salmayuca included in this number?).  We should use the 2000 waha west volumes for now.  You should end up with reduced ehrenberg volumes for the reduction in Keystone west volumes and the addition of New Gen demand.  Run the storage balance at 2000 Socal in this scenario.  We will then plug forward with waha west volumes to balance Socal in 2001.  Also, add columns to adjust (90%, 60%, 50%, etc) the burns for new gen in SW.  We should then look to adjusting socal demand down for the high hydro/increased NW imports to CA scenario that could happen.  Use the SP-15 2000 gen numbers and then back out the avg of 1999 and 2000 power imports.  I would like to avoid averaging 1999 and 2000 socal gas demand. Use a 10,000 heat rate to reduce gas demand.  Have Jay adjust EOC demand for normal weather.  We may have to refer to the load sensitivity data from west power to reduce the SW electric loads and then back out of gen numbers using a 10,000 heat rate.  We will then be exposed to EPNG and the OPS increasing Keystone west volumes between now and next summer - run the 2001 with this possibility as well. Take Key West to 1.1 bcf.  Let me know where my errors in approach may be.  This should give us a picture of the Socal deliverability for 2001.      Thanks, Mike 
 This is the data that we will use to build our Socal growth estimates.   Take a look at the file and then we can discuss how to combine this with current pipeline capacity and future expansions.  Mike 
 I like this report.  Can it be put into the same format as the other "access" reports?  Thanks for all of your work on this project.  You are doing a great job.  Mike 
 Dear Dan,  Thank you for contacting me, but I am quite content with my current opportunities at Enron.  Thank you so much for your interest.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director of Trading 
 Ina, I can't seem to find the expense deposit for the SW Bell charges in my account.  Will you please contact them again and ask them for a copy of the check?  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Thank you very much.  Mike Grigsby 
 Please sweep the products in phys non-tx<1 month and phys index non TX<1 month.  Also, i need access to view restricted products in product manager for non-tx phys forward and index<1 month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks. It looks like the phys transport volumes were added to socal and citygate, but could you add all of the transport model positions to the physindex tab.  PG&E topock, san juan, mojave, krs, etc.  Gracias, Mike 
 Let's plan on mailing this out to the US customers only.    Call me today to discuss the eol new version.  Thanks, Mike 
 After continuing to play musical chairs with the west eol products, I think we have decided on a plan.  Keith and Frank will handle the prompt and term basis.  This includes the monthly basis, daily basis, and gd index for SJ, ROX, Scal, CG, and Malin.   They will make certain that the gd index products are out there for all terms.  Cary Metz is managing the Perm products.  I will handle the prompt month physical fixed price and index for all of the index points.  The term physical index will be coming soon.  The rest of the group will continue to manage their cash index points for the next day trading, while adding the BOM physical with a basis link to Monique's GD BOM products.  I would like to get the cash products out on eol by 7:15 each morning.  The early info will come in handy as we approach winter.  Let me know what you think.   Steve and Matt have started a pilot program in the NW for rolling out their next day cash products after 11:00 am each day.  We will look into rolling out the SW in the future.  We are in the process of sending out the "odd lot" notice to our customers regarding all products on eol.  We will change our product minimum to one mmbtu in the next week.  You may want to discuss this with your direct customers before the mailout.  With the addition of Olivia Newton-John to my Scour selection, it is no secret that we have a new commitment to physical in the west.  If you review your customer contact sheet and discover an old customer that we haven't contacted in some time, then call them and visit.  We will be using EOL and the brokers for physical volumes, but nothing beats the direct phone call for the baseload phys.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Nice job on the postcard.  I will get you an answer on the mailout tomorrow morning.  Let me know if you hear anything from EOL regarding the new version.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 The Gas Daily basis issue should be worked out between your desk and the monthly basis desk.  We are making markets on GD basis for every term and index point.  This creates a nice market for term gd index.  Let us know how you guys would like to cover the gd basis with us.  The real opportunity for gd basis is at socal, where the monthly index is so unreliable.  Mike 
 We will launch as soon as we get the mailout to our customers.  Mike 
 Great. Can you come to trading floor around 11:30 am on Wednesday?  I am located at 3210C.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Let's begin rolling out the cash products at 7:15 am.  We should also get back to the cash strategy of the desk each morning.  Let's start testing the market, find the support and resistance each day.  It would be nice to have EOL change the stack manager so that we can switch a product from manage market depth to last trade is mid with the click of a button, and not go through the product properties.  I'll call them tomorrow.  Let's also decide on a time to close the products each morning.  We want to send the message of reliability, but also allow our Ops group to balance and nom.  I want to begin trading the next day cash by 11:01 am every day.  This would stay active until 4:00.  The push is for PHYSICAL.  Our edge over the market will be phys.  From risk to the ability to nominate and invoice, the other platforms will never see it coming. What are the chances that ICE and espeed will deal with el paso flows?  If information is the reason for EOL, then this will provide it.  It all seems so simple - Fixed priced physical, just when you thought it was old economy.  The reliable indices to big position trading to EOL market share, all benefit under the new mantra.  Mike 
 Hello.  The west gas desk would like to send a mailout to our EOL customers regarding the new opportunity to trade "odd lots" on every physical product. EOL has been instrumental in providing liquidity to previously illiquid physical delivery points in the west for standard volumes of 5000 mmbtu/d and greater, but we would like to notify our customers that EOL will now accommodate odd size lots, in 1 mmbtu increments.  This will allow us to trade the "non-standard" volumes with all of the market.  Do we have a creative team that might be able to assist us in our efforts? We were thinking about a one page mailout with a clear message.  We would like it to be very upbeat and funny.  Thank you for your assistance.  I can be reached at x37031.   Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby Director, West Gas trading 
 Anne,  After NX1 going forward, I would like to load my final positions in the LIQBasis tab in NCD.  The positions will include basis, physindex and gd index positions.  We can then run settlement index scenarios to see what my risk will be to index postings.  This will be a huge benefit.  Gracias, Mike 
 Please read the following email from EOL.  I have asked them to assist the West desk in mailing out an ad to all of our customers (utilities, producers, industrials, and some IPPs) notifying them of our plan to reduce the minimum volume accepted on all of our EOL products.  Start thinking of which customers should be on the list and try to think of a creative way to present this to our customers.  EOL has asked us to provide them with the text of our message.  Also, let's go ahead and reduce the min volume on our products (primarily all phys and gas dailies) this week.  We are attempting to capture all of the odd lot flow in the market.  I would see this service as a clear advantage over the other web platforms.  Let's get together on Friday afternoon at Ninfa's to discuss our ideas.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you, but shouldn't the products be listed as follows.  GD/D PG&E CtyG-HHUB, PG&E CtyG-Socal, Socal-Malin, PG&E CtyG-Malin.  Please let me know what you think.  How would the legal description read?  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you very much.  Mike 
 Will you please get me access to manage the SJ physical product? I would like to link it for prompt month information.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please add PG&E citygate GD/D -  HHub GD (basis) to the database.  Also, I would like to check on the status of the Baja spread product.  Please sweep the new products in FIN basis, Fin swaps, and non-tx physical <or= to 1 month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please order two new monitors for me.  I will be adding the two to the left of the four screens I currenly have.  please request the arms as well.  thanks mike 
 call me before 12:10.  i am taking a half day. 
 Thank you for contacting me.  The new baby is doing great.  I would like to add you guys to the box if you are interested.  I would also like to have your west physical guys on my box.  It has been brought to my attention that APB has great fixed price physical flow.  If you are not aware, I am running the physical desk as well.  Let everyone know that it will based on one condition - All numbers or no numbers.  We do not wish to participate in a closed market.  Call me later.  Mike Grigsby 713-853-7031 
 Please add Monique Sanchez to the US GAS Basis products for the west region. She will be managing the OCT SJ, PERM, Scal, Opal, etc. basis spreads to the Henry Hub.  I can be reached at 713-853-7031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 We need to run regression on this load profile for Palo Alto.  We should back out the industrial class and run their residential load.  Can you find reliable weather for Palo Alto?  Kim Ward is signing a full requirements deal with Palo on PG&E.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mo,  Are your reports still available for EOL that you created months ago?  I would like to turn them over to the fundies group ( Matt Smith) tomorrow.  Mike 
 Call me to discuss my discussions with the guy in charge of steel.  The guy was most disturbing.  There will not be any opportunity to contact this guy in the near future.  Grigs 
 Will you transfer all of the existing SJ 100% flow deals to the new curve? Please coordinate with the desk to identify all deals executed prior to the new curve being created.  Thanks, Mike 
 The box will be turned on Wednesday.  Thanks for the email regarding my baby.  Talk to you in the morning.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.  Thank you for the invite the other day.  I just had my second child, so I am little busy.  We will be turning on the box with natsource gas daily today.  I apologize for the inconvenience. The information reported internally warranted suspending business with Natsource for a few days.  I am not interested in hearing your side of the story.  Business as usual here forward.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Dear Tom,  I am glad you like the website.  When you go into the personalize myquotes filter, select the commodity, region, and products.  You will need to scroll down the products list and select the US GAS phys index points of interest to you.  Please call me if you have any problems.  Your filter can then be sorted by right clicking on the filter at the column heading.  You can sort by five different groupings.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Dear Tom,  Enron would be interested in getting together with other trading partners to discuss listing other index points at the Socal border.  I think the market requires other postings to reflect the fundamental changes in the market with respect to transportation constraints.  The market has clearly seen a divergence in the summer spreads between PG&E and Socal interconnects.  The marginal generation load in SP-15 and Southern California this summer has proven that Socal Gas is short delivered gas and is incapable of meeting daily demand with flowing supplies, and will be incapable of injecting gas during these months.  Because of this, supply being transported from the Southwest supply basins can only find a home going into PG&E.  This places downward pressure on PG&E Topock gas and upward pressure on Socal Topock gas.  Remember, Socal is an island, not because of the delivered capacity to the border via EPNG and TW, but because of the limited capacity of Socal's interconnects.  Demand exceeds the supply interconnect capacity.  There is also a divergence between Ehrenberg and Topock because of liquidity.  Topock is a more liquid market because of the upstream transport contracts on EPNG and downstream buying patterns of certain Socal markets. The market is more diversified at Topock than Ehrenberg.  The overwhelming demand pressure on Socal gets exposed at Topock.  Although Ehrenberg is the marginal point for gas into Socal, there is more of an imbalance in upstream capacity (EPNG and TW) to downstream capacity (Socal Topock 545,000/d) at Socal Topock than at Ehrenberg.  The Socal Ehrenberg interconnect has 1.1 bcf of capacity and is primarily sourced by one market transporter.  Ehrenberg simply gets placed at "market prices" because of varying objectives.  One transporter may place gas to larger buyers to ensure flows, while smaller buyers on Socal may not approach this transporter for supplies.  This illiquidity has led to a spread existing between Topock and Ehrenberg.  Picture  the market, San Juan gas is trading well below the Permian and Waha basins, which happen to be the marginal supply points for the west.  Because of the of the limited capacity going into Socal Topock, every transporter on EPNG and TW wants to fill their contracts with San Juan gas first.  These molecules compete for Buyers at a limited delivery interconnect. Likewise, all Buyers reach out for supply coming through a limited delivery interconnect (Topock). The San Juan then trys to find an outlet going east on the SJ east leg of EPNG.  This transport leg simply displaces Permian gas going into Plains North and allows Permian gas to head west to Ehrenberg on the EPNG south mainline.  While the Socal market peaks in the summer, so does the EOC demand.  Permian west (Keystone West meter)  cannot satisfy both the EOC demand and the Socal demand.  So for the first time ever, we saw EPNG Waha West at maximum capacity to source transport contracts on the EPNG south mainline.  This tells the entire story.  When demand exceeds all available historical supply points, and begins to reach to Waha to meet Ehrenberg demand, you have a paradigm shift.   This eliminates any correlation that may have existed between the supply basins and the market area.  When Keystone West reaches maximum capacity, the rule of market spreads not exceeding the max rate transport rate then dies a fast death.  There is simply no available capacity at the Keystone West meter to allow a shipper to buy max rate transport on EPNG and ship it to Socal.  If you asked the market what the maximum interconnect capacity at Keystone West is, 9 out of 10 would not know.  This leads to blaming market participants for wide spreads that are above historical levels.  It is like Al Gore blaming "big oil companies" for the high prices of gas, when all refineries are at maximum capacity.  There simply isn't the capacity to meet demand.  The supply exists, but there isn't enough refining capacity available to meet demand.  Fundamentals rule the market in all cases.  I would like to propose the following index points for the Southern California border.  The market would  be better served with supply being included in these index points.  One, Socal CA production/Socal storage/EPNG Ehrenberg, Two, Topock TW and EPNG, Three, KRS/Wheeler Ridge.  The market will be experiencing more changes with respect to the Socal restructuring in the future.  We will then address the different interconnects and propose an index for the Socal citygate as well.  Call me on Monday to discuss the Enron Online download.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby Director of West Trading 713-780-1022 
 Ina,  I need to add my son, Clark Watson, to my beneficiary list for medical, etc. Please let me know what I need to do to complete this task.  Thank you, Mike 
 Tom,  See the email below for the ID and password.  Call me on Monday to discuss the download process, if you should have any questions.  You will log into www.enrononline.com and I think you will need to download shockwave media (the site should walk you through this process). Once you have typed in the ID and password, you will then have the option of setting up a personalized quote page.  Also, call me about where to see our posted daily indices each day on the website.  Enron releases the weighted average of all gas traded at each physical point every day.  Thanks,  Mike 713-853-7031 
 The guest view only password is in the process of being approved.  I apologize for the delay.  I will send you the information as soon as I get it.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Yes.  I would like to see the var and desk positions.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Anne,  I would like to check the index positions in the physindex tab in NCD. Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals.  Please look at the PG&E CG positions for May-Oct, I added the transport positions already.  I would like to add a KRS row in the physindex summary to account for the 20000/d transport that we have.  Also, please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab.  We can review in the afternoon.  You are doing a great job.  I am sorry that I have not had a chance to thank you recently.  The market is distracting me.  Sincerely, Mike 
 I received an email this morning regarding the reports viewer.  I agree with restriciting the access to these sensitive reports, but I don't agree with removing myself from those allowed to review positions.  I not only run one of the largest financial books on the floor, but I also manage the West physical book.  Phillip Allen passed on the IM WEST physical book to me two months ago.  While Phillip acts as manager of the sub books in the west, I am managing all physical positions.  Mike Grigsby 
 Do I not have access to the reports?  Please let me know.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Thank you for all of the emails.  The baby is doing great.  Mike 
 Your replies are brief and extremely vague.  I will assume that you are not interested.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Thanks for the update.  Try to stay flat on all gas dailies tomorrow.  Our length is good for now.  Let's stay flat for now in the oct index. I will be working from home in the morning.  Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus.  Also, please have Patti email her sheets also - the pipeline summary and flow reports.  Download the hearme.com software and login on my pc to use the mic, or the headset in one of the drawers on the right.  Tell Philip that I will be using hearme.com.  Mike 
 Steve,  Start buying N-M citygate index this week.  Pay as much as necessary to get resonable size.  I am thinking 100,000/d for the winter.  Grigsby 
 keep buying N-M socal gd index up to plus .04.  I will buy as much as they want to sell.  talk to amerex.  Mike 
 Can you put a tab together for our phys index positions NOV-MAR?  Thanks  Mike 
 Let's continue to buy Socal  for the rest of the month.  I would like to sell Rockies, and remian neutral on Permian and San Juan, unless it looks like the maint on washington ranch will have a bullish effecst on the basins.  I will leave it up to you to determine.  I will call later.  Mike 
 Let's continue to go long sep swing on Socal.  I am willing to as long as we can each day.  The plan of getting short for OCT bidweek no longer applies because of reduced basis risk in OCT basis.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Please make the return on Sunday earlier.  Before 12:00 would be great.  Thanks, Mike 
 When do we expect to hear back from NGI on the sep index?  Grigsby 
 Can we create a San Juan phys for Oct bidweek?  What did we decide with this product - swing only?  If we do, I would like to link it to the basis plus nymex, or to the fixed price gas daily (fixed price gas daily will be rolled out during bidweek this month because of our risk in gd basis going forward).  I want to roll the Inside Ferc phys points out during bidweek 7-4, as defined by Inside Ferc, last trade is mid.  The NGI index points will be out 7 to 4 during bidweek, as defined by NGI.  We will plan on sending the data to both index publications.  Time open to market, time of actual trade, counterparty, price, etc.  This will be considered their last opportunity to be accurate or we will decline to participate until their numbers are audited.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please contact Keith Holst if you should have any questions regarding the new spread products.  Please let him know when they are completed.  I will be out of the office until Wednesday.  Thank you very much.  Mike Grigsby 
 I am sure that you are aware of the move to daily basis from monthly.  The west desk will be trying to phase out monthly for daily in the next month. We have created term gd basis vs. the HHub gd through apr-oct 01 for all index points.  Grigsby 
 I created the term gd basis products for waha, perm, sj, opal, and malin this weekend.  Call Dale or Melba to activate.  Keith and I briefly discussed how we would handle the new responsibility.  I am fine with managing the prompt month gd basis, while you guys manage the term.  I will be back in the office this week and we can talk about the products.  Would we handle the monthly the same way?  When do we plan to phase the monthly out?  Have Phillip manage the perm and waha basis until I return.  Dale is also working on the Baja and Redwood on/off system spreads.  We can roll these out for all terms as well.  See you this week.  Grigsby 
 Greg,  Are you interested in discussing opportunities with E*steel at another time?   I would like to have Mr. Belew call you to set up an appointment in the near future.  Let me know what your objective is with Enron Networks, and if you are pursuing the same online platform growth in steel that we are in natural gas.  Do you see opportunities in trading steel products as a commodity at some point, and if so, will Enron be active in making markets not only on EOL, but on other platforms?  I appreciate your taking the time to entertain their questions.  Thank you for your assistance.  sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director, West Gas Trading x37031 
 Greg,  I wanted to forward this letter to you that I received from a good friend of mine who is interested in discussing global steel trading oppotunities with Enron.  If you don't mind, I would like to have Chase Belew call you to possibly set up a meeting.  I work on the west gas trading desk.  You can reach me at x37031.  Thank you for your assistance.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Good morning.  Any news on the spread products for the west?  The titles are Baja and Redwood spreads.  Call me to discuss.  Dale is aware of these.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I was out yesterday to become a father and Courtney was rescheduled for Monday.  I will call Bruce Garner this morning.  His number is 713-345-7321. I will let you know when the baby finally comes.  Grigsby 
 Please make a few minor changes to the Scal product.  I would like it read GD/D SCal - HHUB.  I apologize about the mistake, but SCAL is a premium to HHUB.  We also need to take a look at the description, fixed and floating.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Monday at 11:30 would be great.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I would like to get access to the new westpower website.  Phillip Allen asked me to contact you for access.  I work with Phillip on the west gas desk.  I can be reached at 713-853-7031.  Thank you.  Mike Grigsby 
 Bruce,  I work with Phillip Allen in West Gas Trading and he talked to Greg Piper about the letter attached below, and Greg told us to forward it to you. Mr. Chase Belew and Mr. Carleson, with E*Steel, would like to meet with you to discuss market opportunities in the global steel market.   I would like to have Mr. Belew call you to set up a time to meet with you.  Would this be a problem?  Please call me to discuss.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Please set up the product as Gas Daily Basis GD/D HHUB - SCAL.  We will use this until we decide to create a subgroup of daily basis products.  Thank you for setting this up today.  Mike Grigsby 
 Dale,  Will you please create the following products for me when you get the chance?  I would like to have GD/D HHUB vs EP San Juan,  GD/D HHUB vs. EP Permian, GD/D HHUB vs. Malin, and  GD/D HHUB vs. Kern/Opal.  These will look like the GD/D HHUB vs. SCal that we currently have in EOL.  Also, Can I please create three Gas Daily basis products. GD/D BAJA spread - This spread will simply be the GD/D SCAL vs. PG&E Citygate. The GD/D Redwood off-system spread - GD/D Malin vs. SCal.  The GD/D Redwood on-system spread -   GD/D Malin vs. PG&E Citygate.  Call me to discuss.  Thank you.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Hello.  We were wondering if the DOT report has been issued.  Please let us know where we may be able to access this report when it becomes available.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby West Trading 
 Hello.  My location is 3210C.  Come by when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 Keith has your email.  He will send you the data.  His number  is x37069. Feel free to call him right now if you want to.  Thanks, Mike 
 What time should we expect the technician?  Mike Grigsby 
 I will be coming back on this flight.  Please disregard my request to go directly to Las Vegas.  I will need a flight to Las Vegas on the following Friday and returning Sunday morning.  Thanks, Mike 
 The scanner is not working.  Please come by my desk when you get the chance.   Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 I logged into the trading cluster and it appears that it is quite similar to general cluster.  Can we please load the programs that I emialed you earlier?  I am going to be out of the office in the next few weeks and I will need access to all trading apps.  Thank you for your assistance.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I would like to see if the following applications are installed in the Trading Cluster.  TDS position manager, CQG, Dow Jones telerate, IP TV Viewer, Microsoft Internet Explorer.  Thank you.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Is this a real product?  Do we need Larry May to price these spread options?  Mike 
 I tried logging in to corp, but it failed because it prompted for new hardware - a 3COM card?  Should I get a phone number of one of the technicians, so that I may call them from my house when I try to log in.  Also, the guys set up a hub for my desktop and laptop.  How do I have the laptop share the printer (which is connected to my desktop)?  Do I use Network Neighborhood?  Thanks, Mike 
 thank you. 
 I approved this today.  Mike 
 Please have the technician bring another network cord for the laptop.  I would like to connect it to the nortel hub as well.  My laptop is here at work, so if they need it to install the VPN, etc., please let me know.  Thanks,  Mike Grigsby 
 What is the latest and greatest on my PC?  Please let me know what the next step may be?  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 That was the main factor.  The cash market also had a difficult time trading higher than 14.50.  The basis curve was on its way to contango, when it has lived in backwardation for some time.  This created resistance on the basis curve.  The PG&E announcement pushed it over the edge.  Market is back up today on stronger cash and the socal edison announcement.  Mike 
 Any news on my DSL and Nortel connection at home?  Please let me know.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Any news?  Call me when you get a chance.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Please let me know what the next step will be for setting up the nortel box. x37031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Ina,  Please follow up with these guys and try to schedule for this afternoon, around 5:45.  Thanks!  Mike 
 Thank you.  Please let me know what you guys plan to do.  I can meet someone at the house this afternoon.  Call me at x37031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Directions to my house.   We will see between 5:15 and 5:30 Monday.  West of the Galleria, take San Felipe down to Fountainview and take a left. You will pass the Rice Epicurean store on your right.  Go straight to the first light, take a right on Burgoyne.  You will pass through Potomac and Nantucket, continue into Briar Grove neighborhood.  When you come to the stop sign, take a right on Briar Ridge.  My house is on the southwest corner of the next intersection, Meadow Lake and Briar Ridge.  My ophone number is 713-780-1022.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I am not sure. How can I tell?  Mike 
 Did this really happen? 
 Hello.  Are you saying that under no circumstances can you upgrade the memory on this desktop pc?  The technician said that it would simply take another memory design.  Let me know when you have the right memory available to install.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Jay and Matt,  We should get together and build a gas consumption model for the new generation in the west.  We should identify the delivery point and then continue to monitor their status.  This will provide us with more information behind our Socal/Rockies spread.  Thanks,  Grigsby 
 Jeff,  Thank you for the resume.  I am interested in talking to you about Jennifer Bagwell, as well as discussing the possibility of moving Susan Scott back to my book.  I will talk to you tomorrow.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 I told you Friday that I would make 2.5 million.  The actuals came in right around 1 million due to a correction to the Sumas GD curves and an overestimate of $450,000.  Sorry about the mistake.  Grigsby 
 Thank you.  After 3:30 would be perfect.  Mike 
 I will attend.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Thanks.  I don't think that there should be a fin gd swap position of 12 lots in the mojave index column.  Please check to see how the deal was booked.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please make two colored copies of this document.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Thank you.  This is for my laptop, right?  Mike 
 Launch. 
 Yes.  Thank you. 
 Yes, I will be out of town on the fourth.  Mike Hendricks called today to invite me to become a member of TCYC.  I accepted.  Thanks for all of your help.  We will show our appreciation for your help when we get back from our vacation.  Enjoy France.  Grigsby 
 Thank you for your help.  I will be out of town until Monday.  Let's get together on Monday afternoon to discuss more options for calculating VAR intraday.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I received a notice to provide feedback on Jose Marquez.  My review is brief, but very favorable.  The west desk is very pleased with Jose's contribution. He has gone out of his way to assist each of us.    Jose communicates the weather and its impact very clearly.  Let me know if you need additional information.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 THANK YOU. 
 Thank you for the information.  The links seem to be duplicates.  Let me know if you meant to send another link for the product.  I'll call you after I take a look.  Grigs 
 http://ectpdx-sunone.ect.enron.com/~ctatham/navsetup/index.htm      PALLEN WESTGASX   http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/    ECT RESEARCH PAGE 
 Hello.  Please stop by my desk when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 3210C x37031 
 No.  I'll let this one go.  Thanks,  Grigsby 
 Anne, it looks like the socal position for socal is incorrect.  The position looks much smaller than it did today.  Please check to see if Patti made changes to deals in sitara.  Gracias, Mike Grigsby 
 Craig,  Did you ever follow up with Kim Ward and the desk on the contract language for the deal or deals you did with CA endusers?  We need to make certian that the customers are signed to the correct contract for balancing, etc.  Please get with me to discuss.  Mike Grigsby 
 Anne, can we add the new pg&e topock curve to the basis transport tab?  Also, the LT transport section is showing the transport positions through 2002, which is incorrect.  Please review the transport deals in the model and delete the positions.  Thanks, Mike 
 Yes, Please forward me the login and password again.  I would like to be included in Enron's corporate wide license.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 I will use this pc for bloomberg only.  I already have two pcs.  One for normal networking and one for EOL.  My login is mgrigsb and my password is mike0coco.  My lotus notes password is mike2coco.  Please feel free to install the pc and monitors on Thursday or Friday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please include me on this trip.  Have Ina reserve a plane flight for us if you don't mind.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please sign me up for the new parking garage.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 454-69-0782 x37031 
 Anne,  What was this converation about?  Let me know what they wanted.  Thanks, Mike 
 We need to talk about the contract language for Holly Sugar.  Please see Kim Ward about some of the language we have used for full-req customers on PG&E.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please call me.  I believe I ordered a bloomberg machine only.  Does it some with its own operating system or is it offered through the network?  Please let me know before coming to install.  I already have two computers.  Thanks, Mike 
 We now have a PG&E topock basis product on EOL.  The curve is currenlty mapped to Socal with the differential to Socal being calculated in the physical index curve.  Let's work on setting up this curve on Tuesday so that it shows the accurate value for fin deals.  We can have the curve calc off of a discount to citygate in Keith's spreadsheet.  Mike 
 Anne,  Can we add PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock index points to the NCD locations? I think we discussed that they can't be added because of their association with Socal curves.  Let me know.  Also, can we add the new rockies index locations to the NCD sheet?  It would be nice to see these locations broken out in detail.  Mike 
 We need to make certain that the transport  for Pasdena is booked properly in sitara.  I am taking a flash to actual hit on P&L because of our inability to book this deal properly.  I need the transport booked in sitara at index to index, and then book the fixed cost payed to Pasadena in an index minus sale to them at the border.  Please run a minibook of the transaction thru the remaining term and let me review it.  Please let me know when this has been fixed.  Kim, what is the cost of the transport for the month of May?  Did we roll the cost from April?  Also, did we change the index in the San Juan to Inside Ferc?   Thanks,  Mike 
 Jay, what are we doing with questar positions?  Are you managing this index point? I have an April position and Mark Whitt is working on a term deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please write up a ticket transferring my CIG and WIC April physical positions to IM denver.  I will be selling CIG index to Jay at CIG index flat and buying the 2000/d at CIG index minus .03.  Also, run a report of all my term index positions at CIG and WIC for the summer, so that we can transfer these to Jay as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 The Rockies index language looks good.  We need to separate the southern border PG&E trades from the southern border socal and Socal trades.  All Socal trades (except KRS, which we have none at this time) go under Socal and southern border - socal wacogs, while the PG&E topock/southern border - PG&E trades go under the Southern border, PG&E wacog.  Please make the change to the sheet and forward a copy to me before emailing.  Thanks, Mike 
 The information is correct.  Please settle with the customer.  Thanks, Mike 
 Anne,  We will need to add a message to the email that we send out to the publications this bidweek.  Let's get together to discuss the text.  We have added new products that will need to be matched with their respective Index postings.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ken called yesterday and we bought 5000/d april from him at 4.87.  He said it could be either Milagro or El Paso SJ.  Please call him and confirm the receipt point.  Thanks, Mike 
 Anne, can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced? 
 Frank Ermis claims that this deal was priced at Index.  He was the Trader on this deal.  Please call him to discuss.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I made some big changes to the index curves tonight.  Please run a new P&L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be.  I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow.   Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month.  We should have the Baja transport included.  100,000 short for PG&E topock, 80,000 long Citygate, and 20,000 long KRS.  The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, and the balance to pg&e topock. Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month.  What about sj to waha?  Patti, please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals.  Thank you!  Mike 
 Phillip,  Courtney needs me to watch the boys on Thursday in order to get organized before we leave for Italy.  I can be reached on my cell phone 713-408-6256. Please have Anne update the newcurrentday sheet in order to manage my position.  Please call me with any pertinent market information.  I will see you Friday.  Thanks for the help.  Thanks, Mike 
 Can we scrub the transport model P&L for yesterday?  Did the transport being switched to PG&E topock show any losses?  Let me know the breakdown.  Thanks, Mike 
 Is the Baja for April transport in sitara?  Please let me know.  Thanks, MIke 
 Please activate all index producst in section 1125.  Non Texas phys index less than one year.  PG&E, SOCAL, and Socal Ehrenberg.  Thanks, Mike 
 Melba,  Will you please take a look at the term non-texas index products greater than one year and activate them?  The section is numbered (1126) in product manager.  Thanks, Mike 
 Steve,  Let's discuss all of your new rox products for EOL.  I would like to know which products to roll out on EOL for April bidweek.  I would also like to discuss creating a south of Muddy Creek product for Kern gas.  I would assume that it would fall under the IF Kern index.  Thanks, Mike 
 We have created the new southern border index products for Socal and PG&E topock.  Please create your new basis and gas daily products for these indices as soon as possible.   Mattt will need to create the gd index products as well.  Let the brokers know about the new indices  I have the back office setting up new curves to book these deals.  You will have two curves for Socal now.  The curves will show your risk on the old index, as well as the new index.  The new Socal index is the same as the old except that excludes KRS.  I will be taking these phys products out on EOL as soon as possible.  Thanks, Mike 
 Frank,  The new procedures for trading basis are working well.  We still need to get the desk comfortable with submitting orders to you guys, but overall I am pleased with the new procedure.    I need to work on staying out of the basis market entirely going forward. Can you also try to work all basis at Socal through Keith.  Let Keith and Mo see all of your Socal/Malin spreads in the future.  I think I gave you an order to work Apr-Oct 02 socal/malin at the same time Keith was trying to sell a-o 02 socal basis.  I will let him know in the future so that we do not cross him in the market.  Thanks, Mike 
 The index products look great.  Can you have the same constraint language included on the PG&E Topock location for creating the phys forward (fixed price) product?  Let me know when that is done.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Let's talk to Matt about the forecast sheets for Socal and PG&E.  He needs to work on the TW sheet as well.   Also, I would like him to create a sheet on pipeline expansions and their rates and then tie in the daily curves for the desk to use.  Mike 
 Mark,  Please describe in detail, the downstream capacity available to transport this gas.  How does the CIG capacity being sold to Coastal impact this point?  If you can make the case for this gas flowing without constraint, then I see no problem in making a fixed price bid for the full volume.  A rough sketch of the gas location and its downstream flow options would be nice.  Thanks,  Mike 
 I sent an email to Phillip as well.  We will find out. 
 Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.  I am confident that I have cheyenne short positions on this month, but they are not showing up in the intraday tab.  Please check to see if they are booked as kern/opal by mistake.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Melba,  Thank you for your assistance.  These look good.  Mike 
 You guys have no chance of building a strong presence here at Enron.  Susan and I will make sure of it.  Stick to the Galant Night and Blancos. 
 Melba,  Please set up the Souther border, PG&E and Southern Border, Socal inices in the database.  We have new risk coming in April that needs to find a market soon on EOL.   We can have NGI send you the new index posting if you need it.  Also, please acitvate long term index products of one year.  There is also a PG&E topock phys product in the one month category for april that needs to be activated.  I look forward to hearing from you Monday morning.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Pablo,  Will you stop by when you get a chance to do the following:  1. set up network connection to laptop 2. download passport and gasselect on desktop and laptop 3. level the monitors  Thanks, Mike 
 Dear John,  I had a meeting with Phillip after our morning discussion about P&L and it seems that there may be some issues regarding how I run my book.  It was my mistake about whether or not the put options for April Socal were booked properly.  The options were booked properly by Larry May and my Book runners and the profit was realized for 03/08.   My apologies for declaring that the options were not in my position.  Also, the tolls curves are not treated as schedule C.  I will adjust the tolls curves to account for basis curveshift as needed.  My P&L did not match the Socal position because of physical index curveshift and an adjustment to transport.  The discussion and feedback from Phillip regarding your conversation with him concerns me.  I am confident that I run the most accurate physical and financial trading book within Enron.   I will stand on the fact that no one within the market has a better understanding of his/her position better than I.  The physical/financial risk in my book is managed to a standard not seen at Enron since I have been here.   Few people realize the great lengths I go to to manage the risk in the IM West trading book.  I am transitioning from my role as a trader on the west desk to one that it is responsible for communicating with you directly.  Let's get together and discuss exactly what my responsibilities to you will be going forward.   It may be that I relied to heavily on my subordination to Phillip Allen up until this point.  This may have contributed to my miscommunication with you.  I will see that this will not happen in the future.  Thank you for all of my added responsibilities.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Matt, your new responsibility for 7:30 meeting will be to go over all gen outages in the west by region and fuel type, and to discuss the previous days gen numbers and load forecasts.  Including pricing info and heat rates from the Portland guys and/or Megawatt Daily will also help.  Effective on Thursday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Let's have Matt start on the following:  Database for hourly storage activity on Socal.  Begin forecasting hourly and daily activity by backing out receipts, using ISO load actuals and backing out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption, and then using temps to estimate core gas load.  Back testing once he gets database created should help him forecast core demand.  Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets.  Also, break out new gen by EPNG and TW pipelines.  Mike 
 Our associates on the desk have asked why they have been included in the associate evaluation.  Are they in the corporate associate pool or are they simply designated associates on the trading floor?  No big deal - just forwarding their comments.  Mike 
 Thank you.  Will you please show me the detail from yesterday's difference and today's difference?  Mike 
 I would like to take a quiet stroll with you in a dark alley.  Grigsby 
 Yours.  I hate golf. Thanks for thinking of me.  Grigsby 
 We ar so proud of you.  Mike 
 Anne, on the last day of the month we need to send in the index before noon.  Gracias 
 Please let me know when our new socal and pg&e index descriptions are available. Also, please activate the phys  index producst in draft - one year terms 02-04.  Thanks, Mike x37031 
 Let's set up the new indices on Tues.  PG&E topock and Socal border.  Matt and Frank will set up new products for gd swaps and basis.  I am working on the phys index.   Keith will change the socal index from Southern CA border average to Southern  border, Socal.  This new index excludes KRS.  Grigs 
 Will you please set up the 100% flow SJ product?  I would like the title to be just like the current EP product -  no mention of 100% flow on the title. I would like to avoid making this a separate index posting.  Let's make this available to the entire market.  Thanks, Mike 
 What is this for? 
 Let's start thinking about transitioning SJ to 100% flow.  I would like to discuss all of the issues and costs of presenting such a product to the market.  Think about what we might need in the form of Northwest transport, storage, operations personnel, etc.  I realize that this will be risky and that I may experience some financial downside with this endeavor, but I think we should press forward.  Will we need intra-day traders to place the gas? Do we need to establish intra-day relationships with SJ producers, utilities, etc?  Will the allocation on EL Paso in April alleviate some of the cuts?  Let's discuss in detail.  Mike 
 Looks great!  gracias 
 I will submit the move request for the west desk on Monday.  We should have Anne fill this spot. I would like her to keep track of New Current day and all new deals that flow through the desk.  She can coordinate tickets to your group and make sure that they get booked throughout the day.  She can also put physical deals in Sitara.  Let me know what the desktop PC will need to be loaded with.  Start thinking of other tasks that she might be able to accomplish so that your group may get home at an earlier time each day.  You can keep this desk for your own use and rotate people through as needed.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please activate long term phys index products in draft.  They are one year index products 02-04.  Thanks, Mike x37031 
 Will you please set up two new indices in the database.  The first one will be NGI Southern Border, Socal.  This is different for the current NGI Socal border index in the system.  Also, please set up NGI Southern Border, PG&E. Let me know when they have been added.  These indices will begin posting in NGI for April, 2001.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 We should change all settlements at Socal to NGI Southern Border, Socal from Southern California Border average.  This new index excludes KRS fixed priced trades.  Please let the brokers know about the changes to Socal basis going forward.  Please change basis and gd swing swaps (fp and index) in EOL.  Also,  Frank and Matt should set up basis and a gd swap (fp and index) for southern border, PG&E.  This will be the index for PG&E Topock.  This index will be effective for April 2001.  I will have the physical product out there as soon as possible.  Let me know when they have been changed.  Mike 
 Please remind me of this class.  Thanks. 
 It is my understanding that Susan will be starting her new job on the west desk Monday morning.  We are couting on having her full time beginning the same day.  Let me know if I am incorrect.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Jeff,  Did you allow me access to all gas reports on Executive reports viewer?  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Ina,  Please have the IT group delete all copies of ICE and Altrade from the west desk.  I think Randy is the only one.  Thanks, Mike 
 Dear Jeff,  I am interested in summarizing all of our contracts in the western region and identifying any problems (i.e. penalty language, notification deadlines for OFOs, etc.) that may need to be addressed.  We have experienced a few problems with SW Gas Corp. recently.  They have been penalizing Enron for cuts on EPNG, but when we pursued penalties with them on a baseload one month deal last month, they claimed that all one month deals have been booked on an interruptible contract and cannot be penalized.  This was news to me.  Can you help me identify what types of contracts we are using to transact business with our customers in the west?  I can honestly say that these contracts have not been reviewed by the west desk for some time.  Phillip Allen transferred the desk to me  in August of 2000 and I have not spent the time to review all of contracts.  Let's get together and discuss exactly what I may need.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Good morning.  I am going to unavailable for the interviews on Monday.  The continued Califonia energy crisis and Enron's gas positions will not allow me to leave the desk on Monday.  I apologize for the inconvenience, but my time must be spent in the office.  Please let me know how I may be able to assist the interview process in the future.  I am always willing to help out when I have the time.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Patti, will you please review each of the SW Gas deals on this spreadsheet and let me know which deals they penalized us for?  We are looking to see if they have been penalizing multiple deals or one deal in particular.  They claim that all one month deals fall under an IT contract that cannot be penalized.  I want to make certain that they did not penalize one month deals.  Thanks, mike 
 How do I get the software to operate Socal Gasselect and Passport?  I would like to have them installed on my desktop and laptop.  Thanks, Mike 
 Take a look at my review and let me know if we should any more of your 2000 accomplishments.  I need to get this in your file for HR.  Mike 
 Thank you.  i don't need the value.  I just need the sitara transport report so that I may check the physical positions.  Mike 
 Nice work.  Thanks for the help.  Mike 
 Thank you.  Is there a sitara report that we can run to show the transport in the system through March 2001.  Thank you, Mike 
 Thank you.  We are really excited about the "big Hos"  (Jake's new comment). Coco is busy decorating in her mind.  We will take some pictures this weekend with the digital camera and email them to you.  Mike 
 Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc?  Thank you, Mike 
 Here are the two addresses to add to the bid week spreadsheet distribution.  kdool@mh.com mhenergy@yahoo.com  Thanks, Mike 
 Please send the resume to myself and Patti Sullivan.  I will look it over and talk to Patti about the positions open in the west.  Thank you for the email.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby  x37031 
 Are these positions correct?  Please check the formulas for DEC-MAR.  The day on day change looks to large.  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike 
 Are you going to include the index position summary in this file?  Thanks, Mike 
 Texaco has short paid us by 1.5 million for Socal cuts.  I believe that they claimed a penalty on the net out for the amount.  We do not agree with this short pay and stand by the description of the Socal product in which it states that there will be cuts due to operational constraints on the upstream pipelines.  I would like to return the short pay favor to Texaco.  Please let me know how we should proceed.  Mike Grigsby 
 Don,  I remember him as being a passive guy.  He is very conservative, level headed, and fairly organized.  I would test his ability to handle new businesses and stress.  By the way, he worked at Coastal when I was there.  Mike 
 I love the "club" quote, because they really are.  It is a good old boy network that colludes against every day and every month.  In this case, the "club" is Reliant, Williams, Duke and others who own TW transport to SJ from Ignacio.  Our TW transport expires in Dec, so for Enron to bid firm 100% flow in the SJ, we have to price it at a discount because of the cuts through Bondad on El Paso.  We could bid higher if it was average flows or we had TW firm transport. 
 Should we reschedule when Scott Neal is available? 
 I would like to set up a brief meeting in the afternoon this week or next, to discuss increasing the liquidity in west basis on EOL.  It would be helpful for our desk to sit down with John Arnold and John Lavorato to openly discuss the importance of continuing to increase liquidity on EOL.  I would also like to put to rest the notion that increasing liquidity leads to negative P&L and that a Trader's support of EOL liquidity will go unrecognized at year end PRC.  Please email me with a response of when we could set up such a meeting.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I would like to set up a spreadsheet to enter each deal that I transact, internal and external.  I would then like columns set up that allow Monte to enter post ids for all hedge strips for prior day and new day.  We should then sum the net change of the two and balance against the columns summing the new deals that I enter each day.  This method should give us another way of checking if all new deals are being booked properly.  Please meet with Keith Holst to discuss how to set up the sheet.  He has a similar process of checkking new deals.  Once this is set up, please have each bookrunner adopt the same prcatice with their trader.  I would like Anne to be responsible for seeing that this new process is in place for next week's business.  I understand that the standard for most deals is 5000/d and that this can lead to booking 50000/d at this volume.  We need to have Anne set up a trader deal sheet that lists the volume and price in a clear and legible format for all bookrunners.  Thanks, Mike 
 these attachments do not work. 
 Nice work 
 Can you wait until 1:20? 
 Yes.  I need a new keyboard.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you.  Will you please convert the positions to contracts.  Mike 
 Sure.   12:15? 
 Happy Birthday Rice.  Grigs 
 We will meet for thirty minutes before our 3:30 fundies meeting.  1.  EOL market making - Lavo has asked us to increase basis liquidity.  Janie has mentioned general theme of market, "why trade on EOL 5000/d and risk moving the market".  We are becoming market framers.  I think Frank Ermis is a pioneer.  2.  Deal confirmations - Anne Bike misbooked a deal for me from March, cost $3.5 million.  How do we deal with this issue of confirmations missing deals.  3.  Vacation and work hours - Discuss vacation schedules for the rest of the year.  We need to do a good job of coordinating when we are out.  Mike 
 Okay. 
 Today at 3:00?  Let me know.  Mike 
 Okay.  I will reserve them for you, but with the understanding that they are for Trading growth and can disappear at any time.  Thanks, Mike 
 That is fine.  Please give Monique's phone and box to Matt Smith as well.  I am not sure which pc to give Matt Smith, flip a coin. 
 Thank you.  Would this report be real time?  Stop by when you get a chance.  Mike 
 Ina,  Will you please have an HR rep handle communications with Jim Hemmerly and his executive search firm, Michael Hubley (number listed below).  Don Black and I are interested in talking with him further and would like to communicate through HR.  Please let me know when they have been contacted.  Thanks, Mike 
 I will be there.  Grigsby 
 I have added two spots on the desk for logistics.  I thought it would be best to have one rep for the Rockies, Stacy Brewer and one for the Southwest, Shannon Groenewald.  It would be nice to have Patti on the floor, but it would be like taking the teacher from the classroom.  Let me know what you think.  Mike 
   I think this may be final.  Mike 
 Tom,  Please review and let me know if this helps.  If it works, then please forward to other interested parties on your desk.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please send me an email list of all of our west traders and their work numbers.  Thanks, Mike 
 This is true.  They will not tell us for how long, but they did shut-in 45,000/d. 
 History of Series Texas, 55-35-5. Last 20 years, Texas 11-7-2. 1990's, Texas 7-2-1.  Enjoy the game. 
 The file actually does include all of the data.  Just scroll to the left when you open it.  Thanks, Mike 
 My fault for forwarding the email without reviewing. I apologize.  I have asked Kim Ward to send me the complete file.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you please add the prices for the power and add a key showing the variable rates and the O&M used for calculating the spark spread?  Nice job.  Thank you for publishing this each day.  Thanks, Mike  P.S. I nominated you to interview for the Trading Track.  It is your option. 
 Please define close?  Also, what is the outstanding issue with Redwood?  Please set up another meeting with a copy of the actual flows to Palo, sales prices, third party deals and an example of an invoice.  I would like to walk through the deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 My wife is in New York and will not return until 4:40 on Sunday.  I am keeping my boys and will work on getting a babysitter in the morning.  I will call you tomorrow.  Grigsby 
  Ina, can I get a copy of the seating chart?  Thanks, Mike 
 How is the project coming along?  No rush, just wanted to check in.  Thanks, Mike 
 How is it being monitored by Big brother? 
 Are we going to cover the western Canada fundamentals presentation and the X tomorrow? Please send Keith an email so that we may set an agenda.  Thanks, Mike 
 I am guessing that you guys have market knowledge of shut-in costs for western Canada.  We have heard all of the typical low price rumors of Rockies shut-ins at a dollar.  I am going to put Steve South and Paul Lucci in charge of presenting a shut-in analysis by field in the Rockies and san juan.  What do I need to have these guys look at in terms of variable costs.  Is it as simple as gathering and processing?  Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Is Keith setting this up?  Should we do this first thing at the Wed fundies meeting?  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hello.  It is actually Ryan O'Rouke, #17.  Thanks, Mike 
 How is this issue? 
 Temp file until the IT group completes the Internet version. 
 Palo file.  Winter is approaching.  You are the King. 
 Trust, starring Keith Holst, rated PG. 
 Thank you for the resume.  I will forward this to our Operations group for the western region.  I think his experience would be a good fit for our logistics group.  I will have you call Patti Sullivan.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Thank you for the offer.  Courtney and I are going to the TX/OU game. 
 Let me know if you guys have any questions about this project while Elizabeth is out.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Thank you.  Let me know when you are ready to demo.  Mike 
 I have asked the coal group to talk to us at 2:30 today in room 3267.  Please attend for a west coal 101.  Thanks, Mike 
 Room 3267 at 2:30.  My phone number is 7031.  Thanks 
 Please forward to Matt Smith and others. 
 Any feedback from your group on dropping the nom?  Thanks, Mike 
 Please take a look.  Feel free to modify and send back for my review.  Mike 
 Would you like to sit down with a group of traders from the west gas desk?  Should you bring along the guy who sent us the coal plants, Aaron Martinsen?  Tomorrow afternoon around 2:30.  Mike 
 Thanks.  Can I email this in the morning? 
 I already had you rotating out.  I will let you know which pipe you are scheduling.  Thanks for all of your hard work.  Mike 
 Is the October calendar on the web?  Mike 
 As most of you know, Monique Sanchez has resigned and will be leaving Enron October 12.  Monique is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc? and will be living in Deer Valley.  We congratulate Monique on her move and thank her for all of her contributions to the west desk.  We will plan a going away dinner for Monique before she leaves.  Mike 
 I understand we had a problem with our database yesterday.  We will send you the final spreadsheet for October.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Please activate the following products:  38205 61777 61775 61773  Thank you, Mike 
 That sounds fine. 
 Monique has resigned and will be leaving October 12.  Please take one of her monitors and give it to Mog.  Thanks, Mike 
 John,  Monique Sanchez submitted her resignation this afternoon. She is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc? and will not be working in the industry.  I moved all of her positions to my book today.  We have cancelled her EOL trading rights and her stack manager ID.  She will be managing the Permian cash position on EOL for my book, much like Matt and Jason are doing right now.  We have asked her to stay until October 12 so that she may complete her SJ/PERM  production and work on west fundamentals.  Please let me know if you have any problems with this arrangement.  Mike 
 Thank you for the information. 
 If you guys would like this sheet as well, then send an email to Amy Felling.  Mike 
 Please call her and let her know that I cancelled my Bloomberg a few weeks ago.  Have her confirm it via email.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks.  Will you add West to the report title.  West Natural Gas Prices.  Nice work 
 Thank you.  I forwarded your resume to Keith Holst.  Please fell free to contact him.  Thanks, Mike 
 I am thinking that I will make the Socal markets going forward.  I will roll out the Nov-Mar and Apr-Oct.  Do you want to handle the internal flow with mid market?  Let me know what your thoughts are in regards to making longer term markets on EOL.  Mike 
 The overview last week was great.  Are you going to have Phil put together a graph of all expansions?  That would be a nice visual for the desk.  Thanks, Mike 
 Randy,  Will you please get together with Jason and discuss the daily report.  Randy is working with the Sitara group to generate a report which will include all trades, EOL and non-EOL trades.  This report will give us a complete analysis of the cash activity.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ryan,  Please run the report each day at 3:00 and email to the group.  Set up a distribution with the following names:  mike grigsby barry tycholiz stephanie miller kim ward (houston) mark whitt paul lucie phillip allen keith holst matt smith matt lenhart jason wolfe monique sanchez tori kuykendall steve south randy gay janie tholt moh heu jay reitmeyer jason huang susan scott eric bass tom martin bob badeer (portland) mike swerzbin (portland) matt motley (portland) tim belden (portland) chris foster (portland) chris mallory (portland) tom alonso (portland) chad clark (canada) chris dorland (canada) mike cowan (canada)  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you schedule him for an hour each with Phillip and I and 30 minutes with the other guys.  Thanks. 
 I tried the sheet today and failed.  Stop by when you get a chance to test.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hello. I am sorry.  I have not had a chance to speak to Elizabeth.  I will let you know.  Thanks, Mike 
 There are rumors circulating that the Associate/Analyst program will be reduced soon.  Can we address this issue with some of the Associate/Analyst employees on the floor?  Will Associates be reduced regardless of whether or not they are in a core business, etc.?  Let me know if I can address this with some of our people.  Mike 
 Let's not forget the fact that Citizens has cut Enron more during the life of the deal.  The only company walking away from a deal will be Enron.  We will set up a meeting to discuss fixing the problem.  Thanks, Mike 
 We have conference room 6716 from 3:00 to 4:00 each day for OPS.  I have not inspected the room to see if it will accommodate our entire group.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please invite him to come to the interview.  I have talked to people that he worked with and they highly recommend him.  I sent him an email and asked him to call me when he gets a chance.  I had trouble dialing his number.  Thanks, Mike 
  Can you include the desk to desk summary in this email each day?  The title of the report is Enorn North America Corp. (Deal Detail Listing Counterparty).  It lists all desk to desk trades by book.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please review this file every day.  Biliana will be posting this file on the web in the near future.  The summary includes all desk to desk deals.  Mike 
 Sounds good.  I would like Monte to prepare my estimate on newcurrentday first, submit it to you, then calc the book.  Is this okay?  Mike 
 What is this project? 
 Please look into this deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 Do you have a minute to discuss your role on the west desk?  Please come by my desk.  Mike 
 Jason Huang has already done his rotation in the west as an analyst.  Please move him into another rotation.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please take Matt Lenhart's var limit on the sheet to 2 million.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Thank you. 
 I am having trouble dialing your number.  I spoke to Randy Bhatia and he recommended you with confidence.  After reviewing your resume I would like to go ahead and recommend that you come to the interview process in November.  Please call me at work when you get a chance, 713-853-7031.  Thanks,  Mike Grigsby 
 Monte,  Please scrub the prompt tab, phys index tab, fin index tab, and consolidated tab.  Make sure they all tie out to the hedge strips and sitara.  Shannon will give you a copy of my physical volumes from sitara.  We will go over it tomorrow.    Shannon,  Please run a new copy of all DEC positions for IM WC CAL and give it to Monte Jones.  Thanks, Mike 
 We will hold off transferring any physical positions desk to desk until the end of bidweek.  After NX1, we will transfer positions at a daily EOL Index mid price.  Please monitor my book and others to make certain DEC deals are not being transferred prior to NX1 at an IF monthly or GD daily mid price.  Thanks,  Mike 
 No problem. 
 My physical hedge strips are not matching sitara for San Juan and Permian.  Please check the positions for DEC and take a look at how all of the transport is booked.  Thanks, Mike 
 Let's go ahead and move it.  Thanks. 
 Have you solved the problem with the positions?  Let me know.  Mike 
 Was Elizabeth Shim on the list?  I can't remember.  Mike 
 Please place her at 60 or below.  She is under a performance review plan and has been removed from Trading Track.  Zack McCarroll started with the west desk two weeks ago.  Do we need to add him to the list?  Thanks, Mike 
 He came over from Broadband.  We think this guy is great.  We would like to rank him high enough to keep.  Try 40 and higher.  Thanks, Mike 
 The video says www.bloomberg.com.  We get the video source through an application called IP TV viewer.  I am not sure how Enron provides this service to us.  Grigsby 
 Please begin sending the P&L summary for the desk to this email.  Please tell Randy.  Thanks, Mike 
 We are including this language in our nightly bidweek summary to IFERC. 
 Has Phil found the supply for Mexicana? 
 In light of the current circumstances with the company and the concerns that our counterparties have at this time, I would like to leave the upstream business in Denver.  Moving this business would lead to confusion with our customers and to our Denver based employees.  Let me know if you have any issues with this.  If you would like to go up there for coordination and training, then feel free to travel to Denver.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Please make five copies of this report for the meeting.  Thanks 
 Patti Sullivan informed me that the Logistics group performed a PRC last week and ranked Elizabeth Shim to be fired from Enron.  I do not believe Elizabeth Shim is there employee to rank for termination.  Until last week, Elizabeth Shim was in the Trading Track program on loan to Bob Hall and logistics.  If they were trying to meet quota by terminating Elizabeth, then I think they need to look elsewhere.  The Trading group should be making the decision on whether or not we fire Trading Track employees.  We just put Elizabeth on a performance plan and ranked her in the Associate/Analyst PRC on Monday.  Let me know,   Mike Grigsby 
 Go in and view the open positions.  We will discuss getting quotes in a few minutes.  Steve South will be coordinating our efforts to screen print ICE every 10 minutes.  Grigsby 
 Will you fax me the final rankings from the other day.  Did you get a chance to rank Zack McCarroll?  Please send it over when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 I am not sure how to approach this.  I appreciate your comments, but the ultimate decision will be made over the next few weeks. If you would like to resign, then let me know.  Mike 
 Please update the email distribution list to include Kelley_Doolan@platts.com and mhenergy@yahoo.com.  Let's go ahead and send our usual format.  No changes to the sheet.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 After the horns, NO!  How is it going?  Everything here is going okay.  The ENE story is behind us all.  Grigs 
 That is fine under the circumstances, but why were they sitting around for a few months without me knowing?  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you for the email.  We are doing as well as we can after the Chris Simms debacle.  What a hack!  The ENE story is a good one.  Hunter and I will have you market the book, and your boy, Tate, will be the ghost writer.  We will see you soon.  Grigsby 
 Please give Zach McCarroll access to the network and reactivate his login and password.  Let me know why he was taken off the system.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby V.P., West Trading 
 Please make certain that Brent Dornier is on the payroll for ENA.  He is moving from London and will be with the west gas trading desk as an Associate/Analyst - Trading Track.  Thanks, Mike 
 Can you email me with the details? 
 PLEASE REACTIVATE ZACH MCCARROLL FOR NETWORK ACCESS IMMEDIATELY.  THANKS, MIKE GRIGSBY VICE PRESIDENT, WEST GAS TRADING 
 Thank you so much.  No one is better than you.  You should teach a class.  Love you, Mike 
 I just faxed it to you.  Let me know.  Mike 
 No problem.  I am leaving town Sat and Sun.  Let me know what works for him.  Mike 
 Bob,  After discussing the potential cuts with John, Randy Gay will remain as the only transfer to Logistics from my group.  I will have him run the group at that time.  Zachary McCarroll will be transferring to west risk from my group.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Your west desk cut us on the revised flex volumes of 30000 - none of it flowed.  I am confident they will have an excuse, but they have to know what their market is before final noms.  We need to do something to protect our reputation in the west.  The west is difficult enough to schedule when you are selecting your counterparties, but with EOL, we have become the physical "CUT Clearinghouse" in the west.  Any internal nom errors just make it more difficult to transact reliably on EOL.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 You want Zach in risk because he is better talent than what you currently have.  Patti will be noming a pipe and working for Randy. 
 Please move Donna off of the west desk logistics.  After discussing her experience with Randy and Don Black, I am choosing not to accept her on the west team.  Let me know if we need to move her to the 2 or 3 list.  Thanks, Mike 
 I do not see Monte on any of the three lists.  Will you pls check.  Mike 
 We put him in the West Orig team and he is being cut.  Tych will notify him today. 
  Are we making deliveries to this contract?  Please put together a cuts sheet for this deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 I do not know whether or not I will be in town.  Call me. 
 Patti Sullivan and Suzanne Christiansen informed me that all west deliveries have been kept whole.  Please contact them directly if you require detail on a daily basis.  They will be happy to assist you.  If you have any problems, please do not hesitate to call me at 713-853-7031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 What is this for? 
 For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.  I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby 
 We are looking at this.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike 
 Are we handling the PGT 75,000 of Malin deliveries in Jan just like we have in Dec?   Let us know.  Mike 
 I do not have access to this file.   I requested access to the curves directory.  Do I need specific access to the file?  Thanks, Mike 
 Do we have a contract with MGI?  Mike 
 It sounds like you do not trust her work, so we should just cut bait and move her into fundies.  Let me know if you really need her for weekends. 
 Changed just a few minor things in the summary.  Please look at the titles and arrangement of the positions in the summary.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sure.  Come by my desk after cash. 
 Ryan has done a great job creating and maintaining the basis pricing sheet.  I would like you guys to add two more tabs to the file.  Please add a physical and finacial index pricing sheet with the same format.  We may need to create a more elaborate fin index curve file to accomodate this file.  Please show me the fin index curve file tomorrow so that we may update.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks, Mike 
 I would like you to activate the following products:  64404 64406 64408 64410 64412  64376 64378 64380 64382 64384 64386 64392 64396   The location description during the copy process on the following products gave me problems.  Please create DEC 01 - Mar 02 products from these N0V-MAR product numbers:  63434 63430 63426 63422   Thanks!  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 You are on the list to interview.  Nov 1 
 We have Elizabeth Shim working on a new project.  We let her know that she will be moving into an analyst role for us in two weeks.  I asked her to give you her full focus for the remaining two weeks.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please review summary organization. 
 Please add him to the list.  His manager made a mistake.  Thanks, Mike 
 Jeff said that he spoke to you. I requested that they restate P&L for yesterday.  One issue is that I set the GD Index curves and Phys Index curves as usual, but Anne failed to pull in Index.  She pulled in only price and basis.  She will fix this going forward.  Reitmeyer's P&L was an issue with Logistics.  His transport tickets were not put in until 4:00 yesterday - too late to capture.  We will talk to Superty about this.  His P&L will be -610,000, a 1.3 million increase.  Frank Ermis is still looking into his issues.  I will call you after cash trading.  Mike 
 Wed will be spent trick or treating.  Let me know how long you will be in town?  Grigsby 
 Thank you.  Phillip Allen sits right behind me and he let me know that he was going to contact you.  We will see you in Houston.  Mike Grigsby 
 Thank you.  Let me know when you are done.  Mike 
 CAN WE RUN THIS FILE EVERY NIGHT?  ARE THE POSITIONS FROM OUR PERSPECTIVE OR THE COUNTERPARTY'S?  THANKS! 
 Will you please update the yesterday column.  We should have restated the P&L from yesterday.  Thanks, Mike 
 The positions still look incorrect.  Take a look at the total Malin for Dec-Mar.  Also, please include all NOV intra month positions, change the prompt month to Dec, and change the Winter to Q1 Jan - Mar.  Please forward a new copy after you make the changes.  Thanks, Mike 
 Same thing goes for this sheet.  Please move Nov to intra, Dec to prompt, etc.  No need to republish this sheet this morning.  Thanks, Mike 
  Please contact Jeff Hodge with the details of the cuts.  He needs the details to make the best case for Enron.  Please email your response to me before talking to Jeff.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sounds good.  Will you give us a speech when we go over?  Topic how? 
 Where do we stand with Texaco?  This attachment details cuts by Texaco at PG&E Topock.  We would like to use this as a potential offset to their penalties in the event they do not waive their 1.5 million charge.  Mike 
 The P&L was stated incorrectly again.  The new numbers just went out.  We were down 3.7 million on the day, most of that coming from the transport book that falls next to Phillip's name.  We clearly have issues with our book runners.  Gossett is trying to fix it, but the surprises keep coming.  Let's set up a time to discuss the desk.  Mike 
 Thank you. 
 Let's get together tomorrow to discuss the west.  How is 2:00?  Mike 
 Nice work.  Can you add Jason Wolfe to the next report.  Thanks, Mike 
 Is this resolved?  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you change the dates of the column headings for the summary section.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please proceed with number one.  They withheld the money related to operational cuts in the west.  Please contact Accounting for Texaco's exact description of the penalty and I will have Patti Sullivan contact you with the details from our perspective.  Mike 
 Please add me to this distribution list so I will not miss any move updates.  Thanks, Mike 
 As you know, we have a new book runner for the west.  I have asked Kam Keiser to go ahead and set up two new books for you guys.  Matt's book will be IM WC Socal, and Jason's will be IM WC Nocal.  These books will be ready for when we move into the new building.  I will transfer any positions that I have to you guys at gas daily mid.  You will make the markets for your own books.  We will address having you guys take the gas dailies in the near future.  Congratulations!  Mike 
 What is an additional offer?  Are they in the trading track program? 
 What is the latest and greatest on this project?  Mike 
 Ina could not get us into the new building tomorrow, so we will not get together after work.  We will plan on going out as a group after we move over.  Mike 
 Sure.  I would like to see your group participate in all of our meetings.  3:30 every day, tues power fundies, and 3:00 wed gas fundies .  Morning meetings would help you guys as well. 
 I would like to put a request in for Brent Dornier as well.  We think Jason Huang should move on to another rotation.  He has served the west as an Analyst and believe that he should get experience on another desk.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 3209b - my desk. 
 You and Keith should try and get together this afternoon for thirty minutes.  Let me know.  Mike 
 You can go to erequest and selct this directory. 
 Thank you for the update.  Mike Grigsby 
 IN 
 THANKS 
 Thanks.  Please send the attachment. 
 Congratulations on your new baby boy.  Grigsby 
   http://www.edgar-online.com/bin/irsec/docframe.pl?doc=A-0000950129-01-503835&nad=1&nav=1 
 Hello Mojo.  Things have been interesting.  Thanks for thinking of the desk.  We are playing lots of liar's poker and listening to music again.  How are the muffins?  Grigs 
 Mike Grigsby Houston, 32 Ina Rangel  713-853-7031 
 Please delete the first total row in gray and the row below it that says "Western Canada Region Notional."  Then have the bottom total row sum all of the positions.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please grant full access to all of the west power traders.  They had access at one time, but can't get in now.  Bob Badeer Mike Swerzbin Matt Motley Tim Belden Tom Alonso  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Thanks for the work. 
 We saw a larger credit spread in the market between EOL and ICE.  EOL Socal cash was trading .08 higher than ICE Socal - We ended up short and the market made it very difficult to buy.  EOL SJ cash traded .10 to .20 cents lower than ICE.  The only point without a credit spread was Opal.  Liquidity picked up slightly from Thursday and Friday, but still slow.  No new counterparty issues.  Grigsby 
 The following will not deal:  Burlington Salt River Project Socal Gas Dynegy Phibro TXU Coral Engage WESCO Entergy-Koch J Aaron (They are clicking to close out positions only)    Grigsby 
 Mirant (They are clicking to reduce positions and exposure) 
 Keith Holst, from our west desk, met with Brent Dornier last week in London and Brent mentioned that he might be interested in joining the west gas trading desk.  We would like try and get him for his first Trading Track rotation.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Chris,  We would like to claim Brent Dornier for the west when he begins his Trading Track rotation.  What are your thoughts?  Grigsby 
 Thank you. 
 Will show me how to get this sheet running?  Drop by when you get a chance.  Thanks 
 Can we delete the inactive books listed in the drop down box in TDS?  Also, can we set up another selection that includes all books less Phillip Allen's.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Last week it would have been two cents, but now that there is a huge credit spread in the market, it may cost them .07.  We simply can't buy the physical volumes right now.  The credit spread in the SJ to cover our short is costing us .20.  I love this market. 
 This place gets better and better every day.  A piece of fiction. 
 Let me know when you would like to discuss. 
 NO 
 We will be limiting the attendee list for the Wed fundies meetings.  If you received this email then consider yourself invited. Please let the schedulers know that only Patti will be attending in the future.  This is due to available space in the conference rooms.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you please send me a complete list of all of our west schedulers and their pipe responsibilities?  I want to set up a mentor program with the traders.  Talk about it later.  Thanks, Mike 
 Good stuff.  Get me on the distribution list.  Mike 
 Janie Tholt called Dynegy because of the .12 cent spread between SJ EOL and SJ ICE.  The Trader at Dynegy said that they were busy training two schedulers to trade cash, and that arbing the market was not the message they wanted to send to them.  They would like to focus on the "Big Picture" instead.  We tried.  Grigsby 
 Please review.  I will talk to her today.   Thanks, Mike 
 We need to protect the flows to Citizens on TW.  I know you guys have been working on this, but Citizens continues to receive cuts.  Please secure the supply off of TW.  Let Sempra know that IB Link gas will not do.  Thanks, Mike 
 Let's get together after lunch tomorrow to discuss how to handle the books next month.  Cash and transfers from me to you.  Mike 
 Zac is a new analyst on our desk.  Could you grant him website access?  He sent in an erequest for access.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks for the summary. 
 Frank Ermis -  Jay Reitmeyer - Eastern Rockies lead.  Matt Smith - Trading Track, west fundies, Socal cash trading, scheduling, and risk.  Jason Wolfe - Trading Track, west fundies, NoCal cash trading, scheduling, and risk.  Susan Scott - Rockies scheduling, cash trading, and risk experience.  Keith Holst - West Fundies lead.  Tori Kuykendall - Southwest knowledge, cash trading, scheduler, fundies, basis.   This list represents critical people to continue making markets, fundies analysis, and trading.  Grigsby 
 Sounds good.  My number is 713-853-7031.  I will call you. 
 Is Daniel Lisk not participating? 
 I just spoke to Elizabeth.  I told her that we would move her out of Trading Track and in to the Analyst pool.  I also told her about setting a performance plan going forward and that you would be contacting her.  She knows that she will be working as an Analyst for the west.  I will complete the plan and forward to you.  Mike 
 Dear West,  We talked briefly on Monday about our commitment to a full work day at Enron.  If you are in the office, then please be prepared to contribute to the group for a full day.  Our schedule now calls for critical communication in the afternoons.  We need to know that each employee will be here every day to create the consistency needed to outperform the rest of the market.  We want to remain as flexible as possible with all traders when it comes to an emergency, but remember that you have a commitment to Enron to contribute a full work day.  Please organize your vacation on the west desk calendar with Ina and coordinate any early afternoon departures with Ina and myself.  Also, prepare to have your markets covered when you leave the office early.  Sincerely,  Mike 
 No classes available.  Mike 
 Let me know if you guys have come up with a value for the PG&E flex deal.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 I would like Pablo to come to my house and help with my pc.  Mike 
 Jeff,  How should proceed with Texaco and their 1.5 million withholding?   Thanks, Mike 
 Have we rebooked these volumes?  Let me know by Thursday or I will mark them down myself.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks.  He just stopped by my desk and discussed passing this on to someone else.  Mike 
 Thanks for the update.  Please find a human being capable of taking on this project.  If you can't find one, then let Gaskill know.  You are the King  Grigsby 
  Franky,  Please delegate this project and any others to someone else.  Let me know who will be working on these projects while you are away.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Our group has been selling NOV to hedge our short basis position.  Our phys fixed priced liquidity this morning put us in a longer nov nymex position.  We have sold 872 since 11:00 am.  Grigsby 
 The Intra month position total in NCD is not matching the total intra position on the reports going to Lavo and deskheads each morning.  Please reconcile.  Mike 
 I talked to Fernando Leija and Randy Hebert.  I would like to recommend both of them for the Trading Track interviews.  Please call both of them to confirm the interview date.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 The Broker report looks incorrect to me.  Please stop by and we can go over some of the trades.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Mike 
 My position in NCD is not matching the reports issued to Lavo.  Monte is showing 233 lots long intra and the report is showing 413.  See if you can find the difference.  Thanks, Mike 
 Where do we stand with our systems being capable of booking physical fixed priced deals on EOL?  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 I was just talking schmack. 
 Please see attached description.  This is going to be a new product.  Please call it US Gas Phys Kern Las Vegas.  Thanks, Mike x37031 
 I will forward this to HR.  By the way, no one gets an MBA to be an energy broker.  Tell him to focus on trading.  I might be too busy to meet with him next week.  Have him go by and spend the day with Knauth.  Grigsby 
 SURE 
 until 4:30 
 That is fine.  Just please coordinate the format with Keith.  Thanks 
 Keith and I discussed working towards this meeting being organized every week.  We would like the meeting to begin at 3:00 and to have all interested parties (Canada and Portland) dialed in to AT&T.  I would like the meeting room cleared and the handouts to be emailed before the meeting begins.  Please work towards emailing everyone an itinerary each week.  You guys are making great progress with the fundies information.  Nice work.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please see the attached chart outlining our Confirmation process.  This is the same process that Barry Tycholiz implemented for Origination.  I think it is a great way to verify our booking process.  Please use the trading books that Anne Bike passed out yesterday.  Thanks, Mike 
 thank you 
 Can you check on the progress of the pipe expansion graph.  Thanks, Mike 
 thank you 
 We will be implementing an additional confirm process going forward.  All broker deals will be booked by Risk and placed in TAGG to generate a confirmation.  Before the confirmation is sent to the counterparty, the Enron trader will sign off on the confirm.  All broker deals will be handled this way.  Please generate a new daily summary report of all broker deals by trader in the west region.  This will allow me to verify if the new process is being handled properly.  Anne, please communicate this to your group.  Thanks, Mike 
 Feel free to call Randy Gay and Frank Ermis for Gas Dailies.  I do not have a broker box.  I simply make the markets for CA online.  Thanks, Mike 
 Casually let Kim know that Phillip Allen no longer is in charge of the west.  No big deal, I just heard her tell the SMUD guys that Phillip runs the desk, etc.  Grigs 
 Is everyone getting this report daily?  Please review the file and let Anne know if you would like to modify the query.  Mike 
 Thank you. 
 Please have some one sleep in the office until this spreadsheet is completed.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hunter asked me to fill in for him yesterday because he was out of the office.  I had an emergency and could not call the list.  Please let me know how to proceed.  Would you like me to call them today.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please trade smaller in the future.  You are doing a great job making the markets  PG&E and Malin, but your positions are getting too large.  Do not stop yourself out today in one move, but rather begin a methodical plan to reduce your risk.  Make a move to get closer to your VAR.  You are the King.  Grigsby 
  Just want to check on the variable rate spreadsheet that you are working on.  Also, can you please change the Keystone page in the west packet to show total supply in the Permian basin with all delivery points to exporting pipelines (EPNG, Northern, Valero, TW).  Right now it just shows receipts into EPNG.  Please look at the attached spreadsheet.  It is a manual sheet that shows total EOL trades by trader.  Can we automate this sheet so that we can monitor by day?  Please respond when you get a chance.  Let me know if this is unclear.  Thanks, Mike 
 thank you 
 Hello.  We would like the ability to trade cash with Puget Sound.  It is very difficult to interrupt the business and information that we receive from serving Puget as we near the winter months.  If you need to freeze business to evaluate the impact of the recent ruling, then please freeze baseload business only.  In the future, please call me with any credit issues in the west.  Phillip Allen is no longer the Desk Director of the west.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Did we rebook the orig for the reduced volumes?  Please send me the rebooked volumes.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you for helping on the other two.  Please activate the following long list of products:  63230 63232 63234 63236 63238 63240 63242 63244 63246 63248 63250 63252 63254 63256 63258 63260   Thanks, Mike 
 Ina,  My new address is 3011 Reba Drive, 77019.  Phone number 713-528-1141.  We can worry about this on the next West Desk update.  Thanks, Mike 
 And number 58266.  thanks 
 Please activate product number 45313.  Thank you, Mike 
 Will you please activate all phys and fin index products for Nov and Nov-Mar.  Don't forget to paint it with nice tight two ways and wood.  Thanks for playing, Mike 
 Are we almost done with a master customer contact sheet?  Let me know how Steve and Janie can help you with this.  When finished, please forward to all traders.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please look at two supply deals with Enserco at the Citygate for March 2001.  Nov-Mar deal, number 396352, at 11.27 and a March only deal, number 63338(?),  at 10.59.  They are contesting the fact that we allocated all cuts to the highest priced deal.  Cost $72000.  Please take a look at these deals and the cuts and let me know if we should agree to their argument and reallocate 50/50.  Thanks, Mike 
 How is the project coming?  Would you like to get involved in the west fundies projects as well?  I would like you stay involved, so let me know how I can help to include you more.  Mike 
 Barry,  I would rather not get into the habit of locking in curves before the deal is officially closed (signed).  Can we just agree on a sharing policy, so that we may avoid the event underlined below.  I would like to consider the curves floating until it is booked.  We are all sharing the risk of Huber not signing.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks for the update.  Will fundies be able to put together a project list on the website?  Thanks, Mike 
 Okay.  We were referring to the phone interview folders that were passed out.  Frank asked me to verify.  Thank you 
 We were wondering why Frank Ermis is scheduled for the Trading Track interviews.  Is this correct?  Also, am I not on the list for interviews?  Please let us know.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Sure.  How is 2:30?  Feel free to stop by and we can grab a conference room. 
 I would like it done on Monday.  Please.  Thanks 
 Please move the box from Janie's desk to Randy's desk as soon as possible.  You will not need Janie's approval.  Thanks, Mike 
 thanks 
 Please begin your focus on increasing EOL liquidity as soon as possible.  This is not a long term project.  Lavo will be seeking immediate results.  Thanks, Mike 
 Only EOL market makers are allowed to use free loading brokers.  Please do not use brokers for markets outside of your market making responsibility.  I am going to have the back office decline to book all broker deals done by traders outside of their responsibility.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please notify HR that we will not be pursuing Jim.  Have them call his executive search rep as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 We have decided not to pursue Jim.  Do I need to contact HR?  Please let me know.  Mike 
 ty 
 Cantor Fitzgerald will be used along with Gas Daily for CA gas prices under the Ferc proxy price.  Are you guys familiar with Cantor's pricing publication?  How do we submit prices to these guys?  Let me know if you have any idea.  Thanks, Mike 
 did we get the 5/d rox at plus .02 yesterday?  mike 
 Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD for term.  Have Patti Sullivan load all transport from the transport model in sitara so that the physical index positions will be recognized in NCD.   This would include SJ/Perm to Socal through OCT, Baja through MAR 20001 (100,000/d short PG&E Topock, 20,000/d long KRS, and 80,0000/d long Citygate), Kingsgate to Malin(Barry), Steve South's latest transport deal from Kingsgate/Stanfield to Malin, and any SJ to Waha transport.  Anne, did you get a ticket from Steve on the transport mentioned above? King/Stan to Malin.  Also, let me know what the status of the transport deal from Kingsagte to Malin with Barry.  Is the gd index for Perm position loading correctly in NCD for Apr-Oct?  Mo, please carry out the physical positions in NCD through Mar 2001.  Thanks!  Mike 
 the kdoole is wrong.  i will get you the correct address today.  thanks.   mike 
 Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 No.  I will not agree to any penalty charges on nomination errors.  Please call me if you should have any questions.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Take a look at the rates for Cayman.  We should try to get a corporate conference rate.  I will have Ina look into that possibility.  Cancun is not an option in March and April - all booked.  Mike 
 Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.  Thank you for your help.  Mike Grigsby 
 Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list.  mhenergy@yahoo.com kdoole@mh.com  Thanks, Mike 
 You all have done an excellent job with the gas daily products.  I have been asked to follow up with you guys to ensure that the products are rolled out on EOL at the same time each day and that they be managed in the same manner that you manage your cash products each day.  We have been asked to have one a day up at all times with a relatively tight two way and to provide market depth.  You may provide market depth, offset to last trade, or use last trade mid functions.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this request.  Thanks, Mike 
 We would like to schedule our trip to Cancun, Ritz Carlton for March 29, Thursday through Sunday.  It will be the trading group only, less Tori Kuykendall.  Please look into planning this trip.  You are the queen.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Would it be okay if we went ahead and rolled the socal and baja transport in sitara?  I would like to input the Socal transport through October 2001, San Juan to PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock (ask Janie for the allocation in April).  The Baja transport is through March 2002.  80000/d to Citygate and 20,000 to KRS off-system.  This will really help me monitor my physical index exposure on the curve. Let's get together and discuss tomorrow.  Thanks, Mike 
 I have asked Bob Badeer to help us research what the utilization rate of gas fired plants in the west was last year and what, if any, the impact of lower hydro and even warmer temps would mean to gas consumption in 2001.  We need to account for any political changes in air pollution credits this year that may increase gas consumption in 2001.  Let's discuss in the afternoon. 3:30 meeting.  Grigsby 
 Can we update a west contact sheet?  I would like to have all traders and operations personnel listed.  Name, address, home phone, work phone, cell phone, and email.  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Nice work.  We are so proud of you.  Mike 
 Bobby,  You love my glasses, don't you?  Let me know when you can send those down to me.  Mail to the office senor.  You are the King.  Grigsby 
 Please  add thaywood@ftenergy.com to the distribution list.  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Yes, please send out a revised sheet with non-eol trades included.  Please send it out early this morning and then we will send the final sheet by noon today.  Thanks,  Mike 
 The proxy price will be Gas Daily and Cantor Fitzgerald for Ca deliveries. How do we submit prices to Cantor Fitzgerald?  Anne, we will need to come up with  a cash report, much like our monthly index report for the publications.  Our data submitted will be under scrutiny at some point in the future.  It is important that all of our cash (one day) deals are reported accurately each day.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mind your own business options east.  Enjoy. Mike 
 please check the fin BOM curveshift number.  details as to why we differ.  Thanks, Mike 
 What is this deal?  Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave?  Thanks, Mike 
 Hutch,  How is everything at home?  We would like to come by this week to see the three of you.  I am sorry we couldn't come by last weekend, but we were all sick.  Jake continues to be a walking virus.  Talk to you later this week.  Grigsby 
 How is it going?  Have you seen little Allstar?  We are looking forward to coming to Austin soon to see Charles.  6201 Meadow Lake Houston, TX 77057 home 713-780-1022 work 713-853-7031  Grigsby 
 I will look over the options on Tuesday and get back to you as soon as possible.  Thank you, Mike 
 Please review the transport for next month and make certain that it is set up correctly for market prices.  Perm to Socal based on current spreads, SJ to Waha on EPNG, SJ to Waha on TW, etc.  The SJ to Waha spread is .20 for next month, does the transport work at these spreads?  Please make the changes before prebid.  Also, please put in a good burn estimate for Citizens next month.  Please prepare to supply our socal pool with non-topock gas 100% next month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt.  The index totals do not match the volumes in the Consindex tab in newcurrentday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sorry.  The topock curve should be marked as Socal flat.  Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads.  Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.  Can we run a report showing the curveshift spread between the two points since Jan 1, 2001?  Thanks.  Mike 
 What was the 10 million diff?  Physical book?  Thanks, Mike 
 Will I get access to the VP  investment program for this year's bonus?  Let's push for this if not.  Grigsby 
 Can i get my ehronline id?  Thanks.  Mike 
 Fixing the PG&E topock curve to Socal less .25 would only allocate more positive income to the transport.  The position at topock is short.  I am not sure if this is the problem from Friday.  Let's get together in the morning. Thanks for the email.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  I hope everything is going well.  The gas market is up to its same old tricks this year.  Keep in touch.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Congratulations to you as well!  I am looking forward to working with you and the Denver office.  We are excited about the term opportunities in the west this year.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Matt,  Please take a look at these spreadsheets and calc the gas usage by plant and by pipe in CA.  Chris Foster is telling us that most of these palnts will be shutting down in the next few weeks due to credit exposure.  Let's discuss the impact on sendouts.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Thank you for the email.  It has been a long ride since I began my morning's sitting with you on the old GD desk.  I hear your name all of the time, but rarely run into you.  I hope to see you soon.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  It sounds like everything is going well for you. We are in Portland this week hanging out with the boys.  Planning to go skiing in Bachelor this afternoon.  We'll see you in Houston one of these days.  Take care, Mike 
 Barry,  I would like to focus our deal flow on Apr-Oct or 1 yr San Juan and Rockies supply.  Our fundamental investment is mainly in the rockies for 2001.  Let's get together with Mark Whitt, Paul Lucci, and others to set our supply goals for the mainly the apr-oct period.  I would like to work on buying every mmbtu of Opal, and all points included in the IF NW Rockies index.  Our goal should be to purchase at least 400,000/d of rockies supply and 500,000/d of San Juan Blanco and Bondad.  we have been buying these phys index points at +.01 in the rockies and +.005 in the San Juan.  You may need to coordinate with Fred Lagrosta's group initially to get all of their producer contacts.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you for the summary.  Where can we find a detailed summary of the gas cost mechanism?  Are we confident that it is an average of all border points into CA?  If the real time price is capped at the least efficient generator, then what happens if this genertor can only buy Socal daily gas?  This avergae CA gas price will lead to a tighter heat rate for the generators, since the spread between Malin and Socal has reached $7.00 at times.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Please activate all draft products in finswaps, and nontx phys and phys index (all terms) including restricted SJ.  Thank you very much.  Please call me when they are activated.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I have been thinking about the cash book idea for group and I think we need to discuss this in more detail.  I would like to continue to use the physical for large prompt positions going forward.  I am afraid that the baseload volumes may not continue on their current trend if we break out the books. We need to discuss how the cash books would lay off risk.  i.e. Intra regional spreads with GD swap legs or spreads with other cash points and then booking out at gd mid to the internal counterparty.  Janie managing SJ and laying off risk on Steve's Opal.  I know that the cash books would be a good idea for dailies , but I am not sure how to do this without giving up the cash risk for baseload as well.  What are your thoughts?  I would also like to discuss the staffing issues.  Matt Smith and Susan Scott to analyst,  Jay to the ROX, etc.  It seems like Ken S. has shown more interest in the west fundies lately.  Should we keep his services?  The basis products need another book.  Who can we add to the mix?  I think that we should look into having Frank focus on prompt month only.  He has a great interest in cash and fundies and this should serve him well in managing tight two ways for all products on the prompt.  Keith can do term with another book.  Monique is going to take over the gd swaps for Kern, SJ, and Perm.  I will continue to manage the CA products.  This should allow us to provide tighter two ways across the west. I will continue to manage all index products and prompt month phys fixed price.  Operations needs more labor as well as an analyst or two to monitor flows. The analysts will monitor flows by price and hopefully find creative ways to nom the market.  EOL.  Keith has a great idea of opening up all products to the desk so that you may insert a bid or an offer inside of the manager's markets.  We should propose this to EOL.  This would allow for tighter markets on all products and prevent the desk from working markets through the brokers.  Ca cash products.  Let's call a meeting about how to offer more Socal physical products.  I would like to have PG&E topock and Socal Ehrenberg before the summer.   Mike 
 Let's discuss the following.  Making markets on GD swaps and managing the risk Hiring a new analyst to track our spreadsheets, create our products and get them ready to trade each morning. Your Access EOL reports.  Get it to a level that Ina might be able to download the data each day. Talk to Susan about joining the group.  Mike 
 I would like to add electronic index descriptions to the database.  Please refernece Gas Daily publication, page three for the location of these indices.  We can simply insert the location of the electronic index where we currenly have the gas daily index survey language in the gd swaps in the database.  I would like to have electronic gd swaps for the following points.  El Paso Permian, El Paso , non-bondad, Kern River/Opal Plant, Socal Gas, large packages.  We will need to add electronic to the product title to differentiate between the two gd swaps.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet.  Thanks.  Mike 
 I will volunteer for interviewing candidates.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell. She needs to include the sources with the filing. 
 Anne,  We would like to know the P&L for trading California gas this year for physical only.  Please run a report summarizing the P&L at Socal Topock, PG&E Topock, Socal Ehrenberg, Ca Production, PG&E Topock, Malin, etc.  We will then need to notify John Lavorado of the results.  Thanks, Mike 
 Any word on the sw bell charges for DSL service?  Also, will you have houston cellular activate my voice mailbox?  Thanks, Mike 
 Good morning.  With the energy crisis in California at this time, we will need to be extra careful with nominations at Socal and throughout the west to ensure that we continue to provide the excellent nomination service that we have been providing to our customers.  You guys are doing an excellent job and we understand that you are under quite a bit of pressure with limited staff.  Our contracts state that we must notify every customer of  pipeline allocations 12 hours in advance.  We all know that this can be almost impossible on EPNG, but because of the current price levels at Socal and the basins, Enron needs to call each customer and notify them of their cuts with an explanation of the pipeline cuts each day to avoid any potential penalties.  We also need to document when the call was made.  In regards to the ATM nominations on Socal (ones that we can't monitor), Enron will be requesting full pipeline summaries of the nominations from our counterparties.  Please try to think of any nomination gaming that may take place at these historical levels.  We need to remember that our counterparties may not act as they have in the past due to the market price implications on their P&L.  We should not rely on prior business conduct in regards to "standard epng allocations" when dealing with our customers.  I would expect that the market is going to overreact to any cuts that may be above the "pipeline average".  Let's discuss how we are going to monitor the flows of nominations out of our control.  How do we prevent collusion with respect to the socal nominations that we can't see?  Are there package numbers on each baseload contract to ensure that they don't simply reshuffle gas according to price? Let me know which companies are not providing Enron with timely allocation reports at Socal and I will call their senior trader to discuss getting this operational information sooner.  Sincerely,  Mike 
 What do you thnk about amazon gift certificates of $30.00 to the group?  Let's put the "Tick" on selling mojave index for feb-oct 2001.  heavy orig if he can find a nice market.  Let's put Ina on the west desk trip for Feb.  We should book it now to send a nice message to the group after our last cancellation.  Grigsby 
 Did we send the odd lot trading postcard to all of our customers?  I didn't know it was sent out.  What was the response, etc.?  Our RC number is 105891.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 It looks like Anne accidentally include two Sumas trades in the Rockies data priced at 13.90 and 14.00.  She will send out a revised spreadsheet on Thursday.  The Rockies Opal wacog will then be $5.913.  Sorry for the error.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director, West Trading 
 Anne,  We need to delete the two trades listed under rockies that are priced 13.90 and 14.00.  Please move these trades to Sumas and resend the data to the publications with an explanation.  The index for rox should be 5.9125 after you make the changes.  Thanks, Mike 
 Okay, I think the tds tab in newcurrentday was wrong.  It is showing a jan pos of 269.55 lots, but TDS is showing 539.1.  False alarm.  We will fix newcurrentday.  Mike 
 The PG&E basis position in TDS does not match the FEB/MAR position.  The Baja spread was executed as a NOV-MAR position months ago. The only real changes were to Socal basis over time. There is no telling when this might have changed in error.  Will you please research the position to see when this position was reduced.  I am guessing that a park and loan was executed by Frank Ermis at some point and the basis risk was allocated to GD New by mistake.  Thanks, Mike 
 Nice compliment.  We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.  Please get together with me and the fundies group to work out a report.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ina,  Will you please add the following fax number to the fax memory button that Pete Keavey uses to submit daily prices.  The NGW fax number is 202-347-8089.  Anne,  Starting tonight, will you add NGW to the monthly bidweek email and index postings.  Send the documents to SSpeaker@energyintel.com  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you.  Can you also address the question about gda physical volumes not showing up in my position manager?  Let me know.  Mike 
 Are we confident that the gda priced positions are not being represented in my newcurrentday position sheet?  I know that Phillips triggered their volumes back to GDA equivalent and that Matt Lenhart bought some GDA malin gas.  How do we keep these from showing up in the physical risk?  Mike 
 The position sheet from yesterday afternoon, close of business, is quite different than the position posted in newcuurentday for 11/29.  What do you think the difference is?  The SJ, Perm, and Socal don't match.  Are we booking them correctly.  Let me know.  Ask Anne to reconcile each day with comments on the prompt tab.  Thanks, Mike 
 We will need to discuss how to adjust physical risk to match the flow constraints on EPNG.  The currrent capacity cuts in the SJ and Socal topock delivery points are 50%.  I would like my P&L to show this risk.  Please find a way to adjust the positions according to a daily flow curve that can be set in newcurrentday by either myself or Monique.  Also, We will need to set up a new physical curve for Mojave Topock.  Our transport is currently being reallocated by EPNG for deliveries to Mojave instead of Socal topock.  I would like to show the transport on EPNG value as SJ plus cost to Mojave and have the value roll out each month, if any.  The risk is showing the value of SJ to Socal topock (currently wide spreads for 2001) on the transport when it actually has less value delivering to Mojave topock.  Sincerely, Mike 
 My address is 6201 Meadow Lake 77057 and my home phone is 713-780-1022.  The horns looked great last week.  Chris Simms is alive.  The best quarterback performance I have ever seen in Memorial stadium since Peter the Great.  Just think if we had Phil Brown running the ball.  Grigs 
 no attachments included 
 Hello JJ.  The Clark family will have me traveling to Abilene on this day.  I hate to miss the highlight of the X-MAS holiday.  Let me know what the plans are for New Year's Eve this year.  Will you guys be in Houston?  I hope Dallas is treating you well.  We can't wait to see Michael.  Clark and Jake are doing great.  Grigsby 
 thank you 
 Ina,  thank you for the site.  Will you please have me added to the site access?  I tried to login without success.  Sincerely, mike 
 This looks good.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please create the following monthly for daily swap.  IF GD/D CIG (N SYS). The GD index is listed under CIG (N. Sys) on page two.  The monthly index  is listed as CIG Rocky Mountain.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Hey guys.  Let's try this.  Take the data from 2000 and change the following.  Take Keystone West volumes to 850,000/d rateably, then add the new gen numbers posted below.  You will need to add this demand to the EOC S ML demand numbers (Is Salmayuca included in this number?).  We should use the 2000 waha west volumes for now.  You should end up with reduced ehrenberg volumes for the reduction in Keystone west volumes and the addition of New Gen demand.  Run the storage balance at 2000 Socal in this scenario.  We will then plug forward with waha west volumes to balance Socal in 2001.  Also, add columns to adjust (90%, 60%, 50%, etc) the burns for new gen in SW.  We should then look to adjusting socal demand down for the high hydro/increased NW imports to CA scenario that could happen.  Use the SP-15 2000 gen numbers and then back out the avg of 1999 and 2000 power imports.  I would like to avoid averaging 1999 and 2000 socal gas demand. Use a 10,000 heat rate to reduce gas demand.  Have Jay adjust EOC demand for normal weather.  We may have to refer to the load sensitivity data from west power to reduce the SW electric loads and then back out of gen numbers using a 10,000 heat rate.  We will then be exposed to EPNG and the OPS increasing Keystone west volumes between now and next summer - run the 2001 with this possibility as well. Take Key West to 1.1 bcf.  Let me know where my errors in approach may be.  This should give us a picture of the Socal deliverability for 2001.      Thanks, Mike 
 This is the data that we will use to build our Socal growth estimates.   Take a look at the file and then we can discuss how to combine this with current pipeline capacity and future expansions.  Mike 
 I like this report.  Can it be put into the same format as the other "access" reports?  Thanks for all of your work on this project.  You are doing a great job.  Mike 
 Dear Dan,  Thank you for contacting me, but I am quite content with my current opportunities at Enron.  Thank you so much for your interest.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director of Trading 
 Ina, I can't seem to find the expense deposit for the SW Bell charges in my account.  Will you please contact them again and ask them for a copy of the check?  Thank you so much.  Mike 
 Thank you very much.  Mike Grigsby 
 Please sweep the products in phys non-tx<1 month and phys index non TX<1 month.  Also, i need access to view restricted products in product manager for non-tx phys forward and index<1 month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks. It looks like the phys transport volumes were added to socal and citygate, but could you add all of the transport model positions to the physindex tab.  PG&E topock, san juan, mojave, krs, etc.  Gracias, Mike 
 Let's plan on mailing this out to the US customers only.    Call me today to discuss the eol new version.  Thanks, Mike 
 After continuing to play musical chairs with the west eol products, I think we have decided on a plan.  Keith and Frank will handle the prompt and term basis.  This includes the monthly basis, daily basis, and gd index for SJ, ROX, Scal, CG, and Malin.   They will make certain that the gd index products are out there for all terms.  Cary Metz is managing the Perm products.  I will handle the prompt month physical fixed price and index for all of the index points.  The term physical index will be coming soon.  The rest of the group will continue to manage their cash index points for the next day trading, while adding the BOM physical with a basis link to Monique's GD BOM products.  I would like to get the cash products out on eol by 7:15 each morning.  The early info will come in handy as we approach winter.  Let me know what you think.   Steve and Matt have started a pilot program in the NW for rolling out their next day cash products after 11:00 am each day.  We will look into rolling out the SW in the future.  We are in the process of sending out the "odd lot" notice to our customers regarding all products on eol.  We will change our product minimum to one mmbtu in the next week.  You may want to discuss this with your direct customers before the mailout.  With the addition of Olivia Newton-John to my Scour selection, it is no secret that we have a new commitment to physical in the west.  If you review your customer contact sheet and discover an old customer that we haven't contacted in some time, then call them and visit.  We will be using EOL and the brokers for physical volumes, but nothing beats the direct phone call for the baseload phys.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Nice job on the postcard.  I will get you an answer on the mailout tomorrow morning.  Let me know if you hear anything from EOL regarding the new version.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 The Gas Daily basis issue should be worked out between your desk and the monthly basis desk.  We are making markets on GD basis for every term and index point.  This creates a nice market for term gd index.  Let us know how you guys would like to cover the gd basis with us.  The real opportunity for gd basis is at socal, where the monthly index is so unreliable.  Mike 
 We will launch as soon as we get the mailout to our customers.  Mike 
 Great. Can you come to trading floor around 11:30 am on Wednesday?  I am located at 3210C.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Let's begin rolling out the cash products at 7:15 am.  We should also get back to the cash strategy of the desk each morning.  Let's start testing the market, find 