 Julie-  Unfortunately, I will not be able to help you sort recognitions during the day on Tuesday -- I can't get off work on that day.  If you are able to sort our troop's recognitions (troop 12357) by Tuesday evening, I would love to come by and pick them up.  Our last Brownie meeting is on Wednesday afternoon, and I wanted to get everything to our troop leader Wednesday morning before work.  Let me know what time would be convenient for me to come by.  I have a Southside Place city council meeting to attend at 7 pm but could come by before.....  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We were allocated a total of 7591 mmbtu at the receipt point for November.  I think our contract for November is at the average of the Inside FERC postings for the three pipes plus a penny.  Those prices are as follows:  Transco Zone 3  $4.51 Florida Zone 3    $4.45 Sonat                      $4.47 Avg                        $4.4767  +  0.01 = $4.4867  The same transport fee and fuel percentage as last month should be deducted from this price.  I think the allocated fuel was 23 mmbtu.  Also, keep in mind that we scheduled 31,112 mmbtu per Rebel's directions. ENA will have to cash out the difference with Destin (at higher prices!).  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We will not be settling the El Paso/Stingray imbalance.  El Paso insists on being paid back in kind, as opposed to cashing out at prices when the imbalance occurred.  We'll just carry the imbalance on our books.  Maybe we'll pay it back next year.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  P.S.-  Was new paperwork sent out to Cinergy?? 
 Stevens-  I haven't heard back from our accounting group on what their fax number is. In the meantime, you can just fax the invoice to me at 713-646-8453.  Susan 
 Good questions!  The volumes are at the wellhead, so the fuel volumes would need to be deducted.  Destin has changed their fuel to 0.003%.  As for the prices, the Sonat gas daily prices should be reduced by $0.24 /mmbtu transportation.  Let me know if you have any more questions.  Susan 
 Here are the Gas Daily prices for Sonat on the days of allocated flow:  10/12 --  101 mmbtu @ $5.135 10/20 --    62 mmbtu @ $5.02 10/24 --    63 mmbtu @ $4.81 10/25 --    52 mmbtu @ $4.835 10/26 --  377 mmbtu @ $4.64 10/27 --  371 mmbtu @ $4.60 10/28 --  538 mmbtu @ $4.475 10/29 --    84 mmbtu @ $4.475  Let me know if you need any more info.  Susan 
 We have not received any final allocation from Destin.  I'm not sure what the holdup is.  I think Joe talked with Harvey at Rebel and communicated this to him today.  Susan 
 Helen-  What is the mailing address?  Susan Pereira 
 We'll take the lesson on the 25th at 11 am.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks 
 The only info I had from you is that we owed ProEnergy 11,035 mmbtu.  I asked you if we had any other outstanding imbalances with Cinergy or its precursors.  You gave me the Onyx volume, but I had already negotiated the deal.  Whose imbalance is the 10,644 mmbtu??  Susan Pereira 
 Kathy-  Just let me know when you get the trophy.  I can pick it up at your house (front porch or whatever is convenient for you) and leave the $$ in your mailbox.  Susan 
 Stevens-  Destin does not feel comfortable with volumes yet at your meter.  They are waiting for final meter numbers before allocating to our transport contract. That should happen some time next week.  We will send you those numbers and the prices once we receive the final allocation.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 If the receivable is for ENA, it will have to be settled separately.  Andy Ring talks to Koch for day trading.  Maybe she could pursue this.  Susan Pereira 
 Is this a receivable for LRC or Enron? 
 Cinergy has agreed to settle the imbalance of 11,035 mmbtu owed them at $1.77/mmbtu.  Please prepare the paperwork showing us paying them $19,531.95 to clear this imbalance.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  p.s.- you can just address the letter to Daniel Kieran 
 Leslie-  We will cashout the imbalance with the two Koch entities in the following way:  We owe Koch 11,885 mmbtu at $3.90/mmbtu, which equals $46,351.50. Koch owes us 13,639 mmbtu at $2.21/mmbtu and 11,720 mmbtu at $2.38/mmbtu, which equals $58,035.79. The net of these imbalances is $11,684.29 due to Enron.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I negotiated this with Scott Garrison at Koch.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Nelson probably has most of the deals.  Here are mine for October with the sitara numbers-  Superior - Destin - 413970,413976 Superior - Mobile Bay - 413984,413992 Superior - Sonat - 415610,415613,415610 Hunt Oil - TGT - 410135 Vintage - Koch- no Oct deal but Sept deal was 380360 Ledco - Tenn - 415587 Santa Fe/Snyder - Stingray Superior - Sea Robin - 227768 
 Leslie-  I was wanting to know what the imbalances are booked at.  Are they all mark-to-marketed or valued at some historical pricing?  Also, can you work with LIG on the paperwork for settling the imbalance?  Thanks,  Susan 
 It may be time for a drink!!  Susan 
 Looks good, Stacy.  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 The IF term should be Nov.1, 2000 - Feb. 28, 2001.  Sorry if I messed up on the phone.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks.  Let me know where I can send the $6.  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I've called Stacy Dickson and provided the term changes for the confirmation.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks for the update.  Susan 
 Just checking to make sure Molly got the contract yesterday via email.  Let me know if she didn't.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I just spoke to Stacy Dickson and she confirmed that the contract was mailed out a week ago.  She will e-mail it to Molly and mail it again regular mail. Sorry for the delay.  Susan 
 Stevens-  The contract was mailed to Molly yesterday(9/11/00).  Let me know if she doesn't get it by tomorrow.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Our legal is reviewing right now.  Hopefully, I'll have a final answer tomorrow.  Susan 
 Kathy-  Thanks for the email.  Kali was not able to make last Sunday's game due to a schedule conflict that I had.  Plus, she will not go to the last game because her best friend's birthday party is at the same time.  I had her skip another friend's party to make the one game she did participate in (all the softball girls schedule their parties on Sunday so as not to conflict with those games!!).  If it's not too late, do not order a trophy for her.  She really was never much of a team participant.  I'm hoping her enthusiasm this fall will be like last fall and not this spring.  Thanks for all your help, time and effort.  Susan Pereira  P.S.- Do you know who some of the U10 girls coaches will be??  Will you be coaching?  I did not sign up to coach because I may asst. coach my son's U6 team. 
 Thanks, Victor.  Susan 
 Cindy-  The T-shirt people will deliver the shirts around 4 pm on Thursday.  See you then.  Hope your son is ok.  Susan Pereira 
 That sounds great!!  We're looking forward to the trip as well.  The kids are anxious to have Alexia and Sebastien here to play with.  I don't know if there are any activities in particular that Alexia and Sebastien want to do, but I know Kali and Michael would be happy just to play at home and swim. Mayba a movie or two.  By the way, we just saw Spy Kids for the second time. If it's playing down there, you ought to take the kids.  Alexia will especially enjoy it.  See you soon.  Love,  Susan 
 Thanks for your help.  It sounds like your girl scout outings are a little more exotic than ours.  Our last event was an overnight campout in one of the girls' backyards.  The girls had a lot of fun.  I was lucky and didn't have to volunteer.  Michael got to be an only child for the night and got all the attention.  He loves it when Kali spends the night away!!  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Thanks.  Just let me know when you want me to come over.  Susan Pereira 
 Jan-  Looks good.  I'll finalize with Renato when he gets back in town tomorrow. We'll email you then.  Thanks for all your help.  Susan 
 Roy Anne-  Will the last brownie meeting be on the afternoon of May 9?  We have early dismissal that day.  The recognitions for the cookie sale may not be available until the evening of the 9th.  I've emailed the coordinator to see if we can get them earlier.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Julie-  Is there any chance that the recognitions will be available prior to May 9? Our troop is having its last meeting before the summer on the afternoon of May 9.  Let me know if I can help.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Just kidding with you.  Hope your hand is getting better.  See you on Monday.  Susan 
 Have you been drinking, Kimberly?? 
 David-  If I want to communicate with the other commission members, am I supposed to funnel it through you?  If so, I want to find out if anyone is interested in setting up a table at the carnival (April 21) to solicit public opinion on P&Z issues.  We could set up next to the tree committtee or share a table. I'll be at the carnival until about 3 pm; however, I'll be working from 12-2.  Also, we could solicit public opinion outside the clubhouse on election day, May 5.  I could do that anytime before 4 pm.  Anyone else interested???  Thanks,  Susan Pereira pereira@houston.rr.com susan.w.pereira@enron.com 713-349-8836 
 Ruth-  I went ahead and scheduled Kali to do the GSWEC camp the first two sessions. I've only put the deposit down, so I can get that money back if we decide to do the Blue Fox Farm camp instead.  Hopefully, we'll have that info the first week in May.  Marla is planning on signing up Blakely for the second session there, pending what the Blue Fox Farm schedule looks like.  I think Anna Edelman is also interested.  I left a message with Sue today letting her know that I was reserving a spot for Kali at GSWEC just in case the Blue Fox Farm doesn't work.  Thanks,  Susan 
 I can meet anytime after 11:00 am tomorrow, between 11 and 12 on Wednesday, anytime after 11 on Thursday, and after lunch on Friday.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 the ticket is 704011  Susan 
 March avg. + .01 = $5.00 April avg. + .01 = $5.35  Same transport & fuel deductions.  As for the BTU issue, Joe has talked with the Destin people several times about it.  They said they were going to get with Kahuna and straighten things out.  Joe will call again today.  Sorry about the delay, but we really have no control over it.  Susan 
 Kathy-  Our home email address has changed:  pereira@houston.rr.com  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I generally deal with Kari Dillard at BP.  This particular transaction was an intraday deal done on the 6th for flow on the 6th.  I assume it was Kari.  Thanks,  Susan 
 We ordered a computer, printer, scanner, etc.  We just returned the printer.  Susan Pereira 
 We returned the printer we had ordered through Click-at-Home.  We did not reorder another printer through ClickatHome.  Susan Pereira 
 Dear Mr. Junek-  Per Scott Goodell's advice, I am officially informing you that the CES offshore firm contract is now on your book.  Scott thinks that it is volumetric, so there should be no impact on you.  The wellhead desk will take this over as soon as their pools are set up on Col. Gulf.  Sincerely yours,  Susan (aka "the bitch") 
 Thanks for your help, Jan.  Renato just got home late last night.  I'll have to inform him of our travel plans!!  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Jan-  I was looking at the wrong week.  Sorry, stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses.  How much time should we spend in Rio?  Should we leave for Foz on the 11th?  I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal. That was the place he suggested and that sounds great.  I'll work on Renato when he gets back in town.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Sorry.  You probably sent it to my home email...  Susan 
 Thanks.  Susan  P.S.-Did you get my other email? 
 Tomorrow at 1:45 would work better.  Wednesday is AGA storage day and it's hard for me to get away before3pm.  Thanks, Susan 
 Jan-  I checked the website for the hotels at Foz.  The tourism website is down. It looks like  a great place.  I'll have to convince Renato to go (you know, he might miss out on working out for one day).  I think the kids might like it too.  Did Alexia and Sebastien like it or was it too much walking?  I asked my boss about it.  He went with his family when he was living in Argentina.  They really enjoyed it.  Can you go ahead and check on flights and which hotel to stay at?  The Hotel Colonial Iguacu e Spa looked like the nicer one on the internet.  I imagine the flights will be cheaper booking them there.  Is that right?  Let me know the airline and I'll check here.  I guess we would go on July 4 and return on July 5.  Also, would y'all want to go as well?  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 Thanks.  See you on Thursday.  Susan 
 David-  The 22nd or 24th would work better for me.  Please check with the others on which day is more convenient.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Kathy-  I got your message.  Kali has been going to the Thursday practices, with the exception of the last three weeks due to rainout, spring break and a going away party for a friend.  She'll be there on this Thursday.  Do you have a uniform for her?  Maybe she would feel part of the team if she gets a shirt and has that for the next game.  I'll try to work on her.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 David-  Is the meeting on for April 2?  Susan 
 Ok, here's the plan.....  Kali and Michael will leave for Brazil with y'all on Wed. the 27th on the evening flight (?).  Let me know the exact Continental flight number so we can make the reservations.  We'll get the seat assignments coordinated later I guess.  Renato and I will take a flight out of Houston on the evening of July 6, arriving Saturday morning.   The four of us will return to Houston on the next Fri. night flight (13th).  I think we've decided not to go to Foz do Iguacu, since we have so little time.  Instead, we'd like to go to Rio for a few days.  Can we all go together and drive.  Maybe you could get hotel reservations there?  Let me know what you think.   We're excited about the trip.  The kids can't wait.  Susan 
 I would like to have a spot in the new garage.  Susan W. Pereira 
 Hi, Jan.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman has updated us on your mother's condition.  I know it must be stressful, especially from long distance.  Kali liked her birthday gifts.  Believe it or not, we didn't already have the World Pup movie. We had rented it back in February and the kids liked it.  I'm not sure if you got my last email before we left on vacation, but I was wondering what your travel schedule was in June.  When will you be arriving, when will you be returning (Kali has warmed up to the idea of travelling without us on the plane), etc.  The earliest we could leave for Brazil would be the evening of Friday, July 6.  We would probably need to return to Houston by July 14.  Let me know how that sounds.  Also, if we need to reschedule for another time until you get things straight for your mother, let me know.  That's certainly more important.  Talk to you soon.....  Susan 
 David-  I just got back in town.  Monday the 2nd will work for me.  Susan 
 In the past, Jesse would let me know about our imbalance and cashout price. He would do the paperwork and trade out of the imbalance with another party.  Susan     Enron North America Corp. 
 I sent in a check for $200 for deposits for my daughter and son.  They are both going for two weeks.  I thought the deposit was $50/wk per child.  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks.  I did not do a T5.  Susan Pereira 
 Please take me off your mailing list!! 
 David-  I got the email you forwarded to me.  Have you responded to Suzanne Sugarbaker yet?  I would be happy(?) to talk with her, so please feel free to forward my email address to her.  If I don't hear back from you today, I will probably email Suzanne directly this weekend.  Maybe I can clarify a few issues with her.  As for Cindy Colvin's "presentation," I've spoken with Richard Rothfelder on how we might handle future situations like this.  In the meantime, I'm taking extra vitamins to thicken my skin.  Let me know what responses you receive today on the RFP.  I know we will need to schedule a committee meeting in the next week or so.  Thanks,  Susan  P.S.- Please email me back today at our home email address : pereira@houston.rr.com.  I'm leaving early for a doctor appt. 
 Julie-  I left my paperwork in the green box at your doorstep yesterday.  I wanted to make sure you received it.  I'll be out of town until March 25, so if you have any questions, I won't be able to respond until then.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  We've moved up the food chain at Destin, but have not received a response yet.  I'll be out next week.  Check with Joe Casas to see if he hears anything  Susan 
 Hi, Jan!  I don't know if you'll get this, but Maman said your email was back in business (my words, not hers!).  I asked the kids about going ahead to Brazil with y'all.  Michael will do whatever; Kali was a little hesitant. When do you think you'll be coming here and when do you think you'll leave. We'll need to coordinate the travel schedules.  We're going to use OnePass miles for at least two tickets, so we'll need to finalize things in early April to get seats.  Talk to you soon.  Susan  P.S.-  Happy Birthday early!! 
 Margaret-  Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali's class booth and our son's class booth--all at different times.  I don't think we'll  be able to help all afternoon at one booth, but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out.  Susan Pereira 
 Kathy-  Is it safe to assume that practice is cancelled for tonight??  Susan Pereira 
 I need 2 cases of Thin Mints and 6 packages of Shortbread.  I'm planning to go to the reorder station Friday afternoon unless someone has extras.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  susan.w.pereira@enron.com 713-853-3229 (wk) 
 Thanks for the birthday card.  I had a fairly quiet birthday.  I went to work that day and went out to dinner that night. Hope you are all doing well.  We're all fine, but very busy!!!  Take care,  Susan 
 Margaret-  I'll get the cookies on Friday.  Can you pick them up Friday night or Saturday?  I'll need payment for the 6 boxes then, as well as your money for the first order.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Kathy-  Is soccer practice on for tonight?  It looks like it might be raining then. Also, for the game on Sunday, what time do you want everyone to be there?  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens,  Joe put a call into Destin today, but our contact was out.  Once we talk to the right person and find out exactly what needs to be done, I think we would be very interested in having Rebel draft the letter.  I'll let you know as soon as I know...  Susan 
 This will serve as my confirmation. 
 Thanks.  I had a feeling Laura's gift was the bath bag.  As for the $20 donation, I'm glad we got it, because we ended up short on the cash collected for the cookies.   Susan 
 Hi, Elise.  Sorry to bother you, but when Kali was unwrapping her presents last night, there were two without cards or tags (probably lost in transit!!).  We narrowed it down to Laura and Sofi.  So that we can get the thank you notes correct, did Laura give Kali  a Skipper doll or a bath set in a blue bag?  Thanks for your help.  Susan  P.S.- We ended up selling 131 boxes at the booth on Saturday. 
 I would like to cancel my registration for this class.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Rob-  From now on, I think Nelson Ferries (w/Enron) will be handling all our short term wellhead purchases.  He may have talked to you already.   His number is 713-853-3061.  Thanks.  Susan Pereira 
 My location is EB 3223F.  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  I don't think we will be able to do group lessons during the week, but, just for grins, what is the time of the Tuesday afternoon class?  How many kids are in the class and who is the instructor?  Also, are there any group lessons on the weekends that my daughter Kali might participate in?  Are the classes large?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We'll plan to come to the camp.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Since we last emailed, something has come up on Sunday afternoon.  Would it be possible to do the lesson earlier, like 11 am or noon?  Or, Kali has Monday the 19th off and could do a lesson anytime that day.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Looks fine, Jan.  Thanks for taking care of this for us.  Let me know the exact amount if the exchange rate changes.  I'll give a check to Papi to deposit in your account.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman told us of your struggles to get the medication you need.  I hope things work out.  How are the kids doing?  Kali and Michael are very excited that school is almost out--just two more weeks. They can't wait for Alexia and Sebastien to get here.  See you soon..  Love,  Susan 
 I am not available for any recruiting at this time.\  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  I was just checking to see if Sunday, Feb. 18 at 3 pm would work for Kali's last private lesson.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Hi, Jan!  I hope you are all doing well.  I'm sorry to hear that your mother is ill.  I'm sure it's frustrating to be so far away.  I know you have other things on your mind right now, but I wanted to check with you about our visiting this summer.  We were thinking about the second week in July.  We have not made any definitive plans.  Let me know if that will work.  If this summer doesn't work, we can always try next summer...  Take care.  Susan 
 Thanks for  your help.  Susan 
 Paul-  Please take me off your email list for University of Chicago candidates.  I have not been involved in any recruiting efforts.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Just checking on whether there will be a lesson time available on Sunday afternoon.  Saturday late afternoon might work for us as well.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  (Kali Pereira) 
 Kathy-  Thursdays at 6:30 will generally work for us; however, on Thursday the 15th we unfortunately have a conflict.  Can you send me the list of girls who are on the team?  I know Kali is curious whether she knows anyone or not.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Dave-  There are several little features that EOL traders such as myself would like to see on the website and stack manager.  I realize that there may be bigger issues being worked on currently, but would it be possible for EOL to survey Enron traders as well as outside traders on suggestions for enhancements?? For example, I'd like to be able to sort completed trades by date on stack manager.  Also, it would be nice if we could have a shading feature on the website, so people could shade products different colors.  This might cut down on trades made in error.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I don't have any issues.  Thanks,  Susan     Enron North America Corp. 
 The three indices are 9.81,9.89 and 9.97;  the average is $9.89.  So, the contract price is $9.89 + .01 less .2422 transport on the net of fuel volumes.  If you invoice on gross volumes you will need to deduct the value of the fuel (0.3%).  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Either day will work for me.  Susan Pereira 
 I can be there.  Susan 
 Sunday at 3 pm will work.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I am resending this, as I have not received any reply.  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks for keeping up with that, Chris.  Susan 
 Ruth-  I've been trying to call you back since last night, but your line is always busy.  I'd be happy to drive on Saturday.  Shall I call everyone?  Other than Jazz and Kali, I'll need to pick up Francie, Angela and Amy, right?  Any more?  Thanks,  Susan 
 At the Enron camp, how are the age groups combined?  For example, are 5-7 year olds together, 8-10 year olds, etc....?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Kali Pereira was not able to make the lesson on Sunday the 21st due to car trouble.  By my calculations, she has taken 3 private lessons since and including Dec 31, leaving an $89 balance of the $170.  That would allow for 3 additional private lessons.  What days and times will work over the next few weeks?  Saturdays and Sundays will work depending on the time.  After school during the week might work, with the exception of Mondays.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks.  I'll come by between 4:45 and 5:30.  Susan Pereira 
 We'll be there at 4 pm on Sunday.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Would a private lesson be available on Saturday or Sunday at 4 pm?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Kali will be there at 2 pm Sunday the 14th for a private lesson.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Is a stand-by time available for Sunday afternoon around 2 pm?  The lesson would be for my daughter Kali.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Leslie-  Have you sent any confirmation to El Paso stating our agreement with the imbalance and that it has been transferred to ENA?  Susan 
 Do you know if we have actually collected on the imbalance settlement payments from Koch and LIG?  Also, are we in agreement with El Paso on the Stingray imbalance volume (11,973 mmbtu due Stingray)?  I have a statement from El Paso showing this volume.  They want us to sign and return the volume statement.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Whoops!  I goofed.  The transport deduct on gross volumes (including fuel value) is $.2602.  The transport deduct on net volumes is $.2422.  Sorry for the confusion.  Susan 
 My understanding is that our deal converted to the average of three IF indices + .01 (less transport and fuel) effective November thru February.  The November price would then be $4.4767 + .01 = $4.4867 less $.2422 less 0.3% fuel. The December price would be $5.9967 + .01 = $6.0067 less $.2422 less 0.3% fuel.  Please let me know if this is not your understanding.  Also, please keep in mind ENA has taken losses on cashing out negative imbalances on this production.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I wanted to clarify with you the transportation costs on Destin.  The transportation rate is $.24/MMBtu and the ACA charge is $.0022/MMBtu.  This should be deducted from the net volumes received on our transportation contract.   The net volumes are the volumes allocated to our contract for redelivery after 0.3% fuel in kind has been deducted from the gross volumes at the receipt point into Destin.  If you bill us on gross volumes, then you must deduct the value of the fuel as well as the $.2422/mmbtu in transportation costs from the pipeline.  From my calculations, deducts from gross volumes would be $.258 in Oct., $.2556 in Nov. and $.2602 in Dec. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Jane-  I've corrected  the transport and fuel deducts in sitara and e-mailed the EOTT  folks.  Thanks  Susan 
 I think we've got the prices right in our system now.  Susan 
 Hi, Connie!  The trading groups (the ones that used to make all the money) are still working full days.  We're trying to trade, but our number of counterparties decreases daily.  I don't know if we'll make it through the next week.  They are laying off people this week, so I hear, in other groups.  I don't know who has been notified.  We may all be walking out the door soon.  As for the kids, Yes, Kali still believes in Santa Claus.  I don't know if she knows and is not fessing up!  We'll be here in Houston for Christmas.  Give us a call when you get here; we'd love to see you.  Thank goodness I already bought the kids' Christmas gifts.  They haven't written their lists yet, though.  We went to a dude ranch in Bandera, TX for Thanksgiving weekend.  The kids had a blast and want to go back next year.  I guess I'll be updating my resume this weekend.  It looks pretty bleak.  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Mr. Lay-  After reading the news of your $60,000,000 to $80,000,000 payout, I am disg= usted and appalled all over again.  Unfortunately, that's a daily occurrenc= e.=20  I have been employed with Enron since May of 1993, when Enron purchased LRC= .  I was very skeptical of Enron back then and was unsure of my future with= the company.  As time went on, I got more comfortable with the Enron way a= nd learned how to survive and even be a little successful here.  I became a= believer in the things Enron could accomplish, a champion of our hard-nose= d, driven executives (at least some of them).  I bought Enron stock and hel= d on to those valuable options.  Over the last 18 months, my coworkers and I have viewed the weekly, sometim= es daily, selling of Enron stock and exercising of options by our top execu= tives (past and present and including you).  We came up with all kinds of r= easons that the executives would be doing this -- they're so overly compens= ated that they have to cash out some every now and then, divorce settlement= s, mistress settlements, buying a new home in Aspen, buying an island in th= e Caribbean, etc., etc. etc....  We never wanted to admit that they knew so= mething we didn't.  Things were great, weren't they?  Jeff Skilling told us= that Enron was going to be the "World's Leading Company."  He even put the= goofy acronyms on his car license plate.  He told us gas traders in Februa= ry how the stock was going to $126 by the end of the year. Now, being the c= ynic that I am, I didn't believe the $126, although I have to admit I was h= opeful; I figured that if Jeff had the audacity to throw out a number that = high, then it was reasonable to expect the stock to be fairly stable, i.e.,= +/- 20%. =20  Needless to say, I didn't sell my stock and didn't exercise any more option= s.  In fact, I bought more stock when it first started going down.  I'm afr= aid that there are many more just like me.  I'm fortunate in that I have ma= ny working years ahead of me (where, I don't know) to try to build up my sa= vings again.  Many others are not that fortunate.  So many have spent their= entire careers here, helping to build this company up.  They were looking = forward to retiring soon and enjoying the fruits of their labor.  And let m= e remind you that their retirement accounts were in many cases a lot less t= han a month's compensation for you.  Now even that is essentially gone.  Ot= her employees were just ready to cash in some of their options to pay for t= heir children's college tuition.  The stories are too numerous to list, and= the more I think about it, the more sickened I become.  It is painfully obvious to me and my coworkers, as well as the rest of the = industry and Houston, that Enron's executives knew that there were skeleton= s in the closet and began cashing in ahead of this freefall.  The employees= and the rest of the world were fed a bunch of half-truths and mystery mumb= o-jumbo.  There should be an accounting for this behavior.  You and your co= horts have ruined so many lives.  Think about that while you're spending yo= ur millions.....   Susan Pereira ENA Gas Trader 
 Still here, but don't know for how long...  I still can't believe the arrogant assholes who have run this company into the ground.  Because our credit rating keeps dropping, our trading abilities are being adversely affected.  I don't know how long things will be able to go on at this rate.  We may not make it to the end of the year, Dynegy deal or not.  I'm hopeful that the remaining finance people can refinance our debt, but if they don't, it doesn't look good....  Oh, well.  We'll all just move on and look for other jobs.  Oh, by the way, we just moved into the new building this past weekend.  We're sitting near the power trading arrogant assholes.  Hope everything is going well for you.  How is your house coming along??  Send me a note back.  I'm going to be out tomorrow but will be back in on Monday.  They start laying off people next week.  It won't be in gas and power, but in other areas of the corporation.  Merry Christmas!!  Take care,  Susan 
 I expect us to file bankruptcy today or tomorrow.  We will likely be defaulting on a lot of our December business.  There are some last ditch efforts going on, but I'm not very hopeful.  If we file bankruptcy, I think we'll all get at least 60 days pay.  There were supposed to be layoffs this week anyway.  I guess those will happen.  I don't know.  They may wait until we file bankruptcy and see what the bankruptcy court judge wants the company to do first.  Stay tuned.... 
 Craig-  You might want to talk to Ormet concerning deliveries for December.  It is very likely we may have to default to them for December.  We have NYMEX length and may be able to use some hub gas to transport to Ormet.  I don't know which deals will be served first.  Susan Pereira 
 That's fine, Stevens. 
 Sounds like a great idea, Ana.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Please discontinue my United Way contributions for 2001 and 2002.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 713-853-3229 
 currently, it is pereira@houston.rr.com 
 Good testimonial!  I hope they print it. 
 Guess what?  I got a response from Ken on my email to him.  In fact, he responded just a few days after I wrote him, but his assistant didn't send it back to me until today.  He hand wrote a response on the printout of my email.  Susan 
 Thanks, Stephanie 
 You're the best! 
 Ana-  I think I am signed up as an alternate for the field trip on Thursday.  Do you know if I'll be needed?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I've left a message with my contact at Vintage.  I haven't heard back yet.  I do know that in Oct and Nov the gath. fee is .0981.  I'll let you know when I find out about Sept.  Thanks,  Susan 
 I've forwarded your message to Christina Sanchez.  She was the one who reallocated the volumes.  She will look at it again.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  Thanks,  Susan 
 no 
 Terry-  I can drive my Sequoia to practice and take 6 girls to Baskin Robbins as well.  Between you and me, that should be enough space for all the girls.  Susan 
 David-  After thinking about it and talking with other P&Z members, I think we can suggest some more ideas to Dan Muniza on the outdoor seating area.  Since the restaurant does not need the entire area, maybe they could use the front part or the middle part.  If they used the middle part, we could reclaim the front and back and put plantings and/or suitable trees.  Also, Dora suggested they use some kind of decking instead of concrete.  Maybe when P&Z meets again we can flesh out some of these ideas.  Next time you talk with Dan, please mention using only a part of the area.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Hi, fellow P&Z members.  I just wanted to let you know about the meeting David Moss and I had with D= an Muniza of Center America.  Sweet Mesquite restaurant is very interested = in the existing Eckerd's site and is now willing to wait until next summer = when Eckerd's moves into its new proposed building on the west side of the = property (where Weiner's is now).  Sweet Mesquite expressed an interest in = some outdoor seating area and Dan Muniza wanted some warm fuzzies that the = City would allow Center America/Sweet Mesquite to use City easement  along = Braes for a patio area.  Currently, that area is being used for parking.  T= he proposed patio would be above the street level by around two feet or so.= Basically, Center America would extend the existing sidewalk that abuts E= ckerd's out to the street and fence in the whole patio area with decorative= fencing or brick.  They would also include some plantings, greenery, etc. = David Moss is checking with David Allums (city attorney) about any potenti= al liability with Center America/Sweet Mesquite using City easement.  Also,= there is an existing water line under this parking area that would need to= be relocated closer to the street.  I think David will be able to give us = a cost estimate on this at our next meeting.  David did mention that the li= ne is in need of replacement anyway.  As for the new Eckerd's building, Dan Muniza did not have the proposed elev= ations from Eckerd's yet.  He's expecting to get something this week.  He's= reserving the right to pick something that will blend in with the existing= center.  Also, there was some concern at the last City Council meeting about the add= itional parking needs of a Sweet Mesquite.  Dan Muniza indicated that the p= arking behind the center is open to anyone.  They prefer that it be availab= le for Center America employees and tenants during the day, but it's wide o= pen after 5 pm.  David Moss will be contacting everyone soon about scheduling a meeting to d= iscuss the City's proposed landscaping ordinance.  He wanted to do that pri= or to Comp. Plan meeting on the 30th.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Valerie-  Go with Vintage's numbers on the spreadsheet.  I have corrected the sitara ticket.  I think the problem might have been that I forgot to adjust the fuel value from the previous month.  Sorry for the mistake.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Alejandra calcs Gulf 2.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks, Kam  Susan 
 Dear Mr. Jackson-  I am writing to request that the City of West U postpone the proposed work at Colonial Park until at least late May 2002.  Over 50 girls involved in the West U Softball Association  practice at the field from February through May every year.  At this late notice, it would be very difficult for WUSA to find a replacement field near West U.  What's the harm in delaying the work a couple of months??  West U prides itself on its focus on community and families; what's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to use public park space?  Sincerely,  Susan Pereira 713-349-8836 
 Dear Mr. May-  I am writing to request that West U postpone the planned work at Colonial Park until late May 2002.  Over 50 girls (ages 6-8) involved in the West U Softball Association practice at the field in the park from February through May every year.  WUSA would have a very hard time finding a replacement field at this late notice, especially anything close to West U.  What harm would it do to delay the City's plans until the summer?  West U prides itself on being a city focused on community and families.  What's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to practice on public park space??  Sincerely,  Susan Pereira 713-349-8836 
 Thanks for your support!  Susan Pereira 
 Dear Ms. Griffin-  I would like to request that West U postpone its work at Colonial Park until late May 2002.  Over 50 neighborhood girls involved in West U Softball Association practice at the field in Colonial Park February through May every year.  It will be difficult for WUSA  to find an alternative site on such short notice, especially near West U.  What's the harm in delaying the work a couple of months?  West U prides itself on being family- and community-minded; what's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to use public park space?  Sincerely,  Susan Pereira 713-349-8836 
 Dear Mr. Farley-  I am writing to request that West U postpone its work at Colonial Park until late May 2002.  Over 50 girls involved in the West U Softball Association practice at the field at Colonial Park from February through May every year.  If not allowed to use the field, WUSA will have a very difficult time finding a suitable replacement on such short notice, especially near West U.  What harm can it do to postpone the work a couple of months?  West U is a city focused on families and community; what's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to use public park space??  Sincerely,  Susan Pereira 713-349-8836 
 Mayor Lewis-  I would like to recommend strongly that the City of West University postpone its work at Colonial Park until late May 2002.  At least 50-60 girls (ages 6-8) in the West U Softball Association practice at the field in Colonial Park from February through May each year.  What harm can it do to postpone the work so that the girls can play there this upcoming season?  If the field is unavailable in 2002, it will be very difficult to find suitable practice sites on such short notice, especially near West U.  West U is all about family and community; what's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to use public park space?  Sincerely,  Susan Pereira 713-349-8836 
 Melba-  I made a few changes to the products  -- dates and risk assignment.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks, Melba.  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks, Carolyn.  I don't travel anymore, so I haven't used the old card in a long time.  Susan Pereira 
 Carolyn-  I have received my new calling card.  When will I receive my pin number?  Susan Pereira x33229 
 Terry-  I just wanted to double check that the makeup game is Wednesday, Oct. 10, not tomorrow.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Louis-  I currently have an EZ tag for the tollways and understand that now they can be programmed to work in the garage.  My EZ tag # is 00564749.  Please let me know when it is programmed and I will return the transponder.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira X33229 
 Laurie-  Superior is right.  One of the deals listed as baseload was really term.  Christina is going to adjust the tickets.  Fill deals 778088 and 933354 first, then 939542, then the gda deal 939300.  Sorry for the confusion.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 My daughter Kali Pereira is currently registered for the 4th session in summer 2002.  I would like to change that to the 5th session.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 713-853-3229 work 
 Terry-  Our Friday night game is at Pershing now, too??  Susan Pereira 
 Kimberly-  I would like a loaner laptop for the weekend.  Is that possible??  Also, the ice machine by us is not dispensing ice anymore.  Thanks,  Susan  P.S.- I promise not to complain about anything next time I write...... 
 Beth-  I will not be able to participate in the Chicago recruiting efforts.  Can you please remove my name from your group email list?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Why are we at the 110% and not something less?   When is the 30 day period over?  Susan 
 I just wanted to thank all the girls and the parents for the autographed t-shirt and the restaurant gift certificate.  I really appreciate it.  I had a lot of fun working with the girls.  They were all so enthusiastic and committed to the team effort.  It was very rewarding for me to see how the team came together and improved so much.  The girls have a lot to be proud of.  I hope to see everyone in the spring soccer program or next fall.  Thanks again to all the parents for your efforts and time commitment, especially to Terry, Jon and Vicki.  Have a great holiday season.  Take care,  Susan Pereira   P.S. - Terry, could you forward this on to the Reeses, please?  I don't have their email address.  Thanks. 
 Hi, Connie!!  Sorry I didn't get back to you on Friday.  Things got busy. = =20  The stock is still going down, but not as much.  It's at $13.92 right now, = yippee!!!  I'm hoping all the skeletons are out of the closet now.  I guess= I'll be working another 5 years or so -- I don't think the stock will get = back to $45 or $50 until then.  There aren't any new businesses for Enron t= o get into to make the stock analysts excited.  All the money we're making = in trading is apparently not doing it for them. =20  Who knows what will happen to the executives who are still here?  It might = be hard to get a concrete case against them.  I'm sure some of them are in = the same boat as the rest of us.  Oh, news flash....ENE $13.80.....I think = Wall Street wants Ken Lay's head on a platter.  I'm sure the stock analysts= are really frustrated that Jeff Skilling isn't here anymore --- they would= have gutted him.  Old Skilling is just grinning in his new River Oaks mans= ion.  I think I would gut him if I crossed paths with him.  I think I shoul= d sign up for anger management classes. =20  As for my car purchase.... yes, I traded in my Land Cruiser for a Toyota Se= quoia.  I got a really good deal on my trade-in and paid cash for the balan= ce.  Two days later, Renato found out from his new boss that Renato's posit= ion was superfluous.  This boss is the only Entergy guy to survive the Ente= rgy-Koch trading merger.  They put him in between Renato and his former bos= s, and this guy decided that they didn't need both of them.  Entergy-Koch i= s so small that there aren't any other comparable positions open.  The guys= working for Renato are sick about it.  The upper management at Entergy-Koc= h has done a review of this Entergy guy since he told Renato to take a hike= ---everyone, peers and employees, told management in the review process th= at the guy was a two-faced loser with zero personality. Of course, now, Ren= ato has already signed off on his settlement agreement; plus, he'd never co= nsider going back.  They are paying him through the end of the year and ves= ting him in all the savings plans.  They are also paying him a year's salar= y, and he's currently doing a consulting job for the pipeline.  He's been a= ctively looking for a new job.  Hopefully, he'll find one, or I'll be worki= ng until I'm 70!!  Oh, well.  Maybe I'll have some good news next time.....  Susan 
 Rudy-  Yes, I agree to the cancellation of deal 44551573556.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 This just in .... ENE at $11.31.....Good thing my guns are locked up!!  Susan 
 Valerie-  I just found out from Robert Eubank at Vintage that he was telling me the wrong thing for the gathering charges.  SLN 9205 has always had a .0981 gathering fee.  SLN 2883 gath. charges are as follows:  Sept. .0268, Oct .0628, Nov .0628.  I'll adjust the sitara tickets, but I'll have to weight average the gathering.  You'll need to fine tune it since you're dealing with the actual volumes from each wellhead point.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks a lot, Karen!!   UGH!!! 
 No kidding!!!  I'll be afraid to look at my third quarter savings plan statement when it comes next month.  Each time I lose a digit on the total!!  I was thinking about retiring next year--HA HA.  It looks like retirement has been delayed indefinitely.....  Talk to you later  Susan 
 Valerie-  With the gathering charge corrections, do we have any other outstanding issues with Vintage?  Susan 
 Laurie-  Christina was going to review the allocation and change if needed last week.  Are we square with Superior now???  Susan 
 Sorry for the confusion.  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 Nope, no relation.  We're only related to poor Pereiras!!  Susan 
 Valerie-  Are we ok with Vintage now?  Susan 
 My husband is no longer with Koch, but we do live in Southside.  We moved to Southside when it was the same price as West U.  We're definitely some of the poorer folks in Southside now...... 
  I tried to send this to your home email, but it was undeliverable. 
 You didn't offend me at all.  I wish I were related to someone on the Board of Directors... 
 Kam-  Is the Koch/Sabine interconnect already mapped to Sabine??  Susan 
 Yes, I will be there.  Is the trainer supposed to come tonight??  Susan 
 Laurie-  No. I have not put a new ticket in the system.  I wrote up a paper ticket and Alejandra Chavez adjusted the term  of the existing sitara ticket.  I'm not sure how it is supposed to be handled.  You might check with Alejandra and Kam Keiser.  Apparently, we've had some similar deals with other counterparties.  The NYMEX desk people told me that Credit doesn't want us paying one lump sum for unwinds.  Do you have any instructions concerning this, given our current financial situation??  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We support you 100%, Chris!! 
 Thanks, Laurie.  Susan 
 Stevens-  I don't think anything has changed.  The transport rate is $.2421 + 0.3% fuel.  The pricing is the average + $.01.  I've emailed Tricia to see what the problem is.  Susan 
 Let me know if your payment doesn't look right.  Susan 
 Julie-  Unfortunately, I will not be able to help you sort recognitions during the day on Tuesday -- I can't get off work on that day.  If you are able to sort our troop's recognitions (troop 12357) by Tuesday evening, I would love to come by and pick them up.  Our last Brownie meeting is on Wednesday afternoon, and I wanted to get everything to our troop leader Wednesday morning before work.  Let me know what time would be convenient for me to come by.  I have a Southside Place city council meeting to attend at 7 pm but could come by before.....  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We were allocated a total of 7591 mmbtu at the receipt point for November.  I think our contract for November is at the average of the Inside FERC postings for the three pipes plus a penny.  Those prices are as follows:  Transco Zone 3  $4.51 Florida Zone 3    $4.45 Sonat                      $4.47 Avg                        $4.4767  +  0.01 = $4.4867  The same transport fee and fuel percentage as last month should be deducted from this price.  I think the allocated fuel was 23 mmbtu.  Also, keep in mind that we scheduled 31,112 mmbtu per Rebel's directions. ENA will have to cash out the difference with Destin (at higher prices!).  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We will not be settling the El Paso/Stingray imbalance.  El Paso insists on being paid back in kind, as opposed to cashing out at prices when the imbalance occurred.  We'll just carry the imbalance on our books.  Maybe we'll pay it back next year.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  P.S.-  Was new paperwork sent out to Cinergy?? 
 Stevens-  I haven't heard back from our accounting group on what their fax number is. In the meantime, you can just fax the invoice to me at 713-646-8453.  Susan 
 Good questions!  The volumes are at the wellhead, so the fuel volumes would need to be deducted.  Destin has changed their fuel to 0.003%.  As for the prices, the Sonat gas daily prices should be reduced by $0.24 /mmbtu transportation.  Let me know if you have any more questions.  Susan 
 Here are the Gas Daily prices for Sonat on the days of allocated flow:  10/12 --  101 mmbtu @ $5.135 10/20 --    62 mmbtu @ $5.02 10/24 --    63 mmbtu @ $4.81 10/25 --    52 mmbtu @ $4.835 10/26 --  377 mmbtu @ $4.64 10/27 --  371 mmbtu @ $4.60 10/28 --  538 mmbtu @ $4.475 10/29 --    84 mmbtu @ $4.475  Let me know if you need any more info.  Susan 
 We have not received any final allocation from Destin.  I'm not sure what the holdup is.  I think Joe talked with Harvey at Rebel and communicated this to him today.  Susan 
 Helen-  What is the mailing address?  Susan Pereira 
 We'll take the lesson on the 25th at 11 am.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks 
 The only info I had from you is that we owed ProEnergy 11,035 mmbtu.  I asked you if we had any other outstanding imbalances with Cinergy or its precursors.  You gave me the Onyx volume, but I had already negotiated the deal.  Whose imbalance is the 10,644 mmbtu??  Susan Pereira 
 Kathy-  Just let me know when you get the trophy.  I can pick it up at your house (front porch or whatever is convenient for you) and leave the $$ in your mailbox.  Susan 
 Stevens-  Destin does not feel comfortable with volumes yet at your meter.  They are waiting for final meter numbers before allocating to our transport contract. That should happen some time next week.  We will send you those numbers and the prices once we receive the final allocation.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 If the receivable is for ENA, it will have to be settled separately.  Andy Ring talks to Koch for day trading.  Maybe she could pursue this.  Susan Pereira 
 Is this a receivable for LRC or Enron? 
 Cinergy has agreed to settle the imbalance of 11,035 mmbtu owed them at $1.77/mmbtu.  Please prepare the paperwork showing us paying them $19,531.95 to clear this imbalance.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  p.s.- you can just address the letter to Daniel Kieran 
 Leslie-  We will cashout the imbalance with the two Koch entities in the following way:  We owe Koch 11,885 mmbtu at $3.90/mmbtu, which equals $46,351.50. Koch owes us 13,639 mmbtu at $2.21/mmbtu and 11,720 mmbtu at $2.38/mmbtu, which equals $58,035.79. The net of these imbalances is $11,684.29 due to Enron.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I negotiated this with Scott Garrison at Koch.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Nelson probably has most of the deals.  Here are mine for October with the sitara numbers-  Superior - Destin - 413970,413976 Superior - Mobile Bay - 413984,413992 Superior - Sonat - 415610,415613,415610 Hunt Oil - TGT - 410135 Vintage - Koch- no Oct deal but Sept deal was 380360 Ledco - Tenn - 415587 Santa Fe/Snyder - Stingray Superior - Sea Robin - 227768 
 Leslie-  I was wanting to know what the imbalances are booked at.  Are they all mark-to-marketed or valued at some historical pricing?  Also, can you work with LIG on the paperwork for settling the imbalance?  Thanks,  Susan 
 It may be time for a drink!!  Susan 
 Looks good, Stacy.  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 The IF term should be Nov.1, 2000 - Feb. 28, 2001.  Sorry if I messed up on the phone.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks.  Let me know where I can send the $6.  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I've called Stacy Dickson and provided the term changes for the confirmation.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Thanks for the update.  Susan 
 Just checking to make sure Molly got the contract yesterday via email.  Let me know if she didn't.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I just spoke to Stacy Dickson and she confirmed that the contract was mailed out a week ago.  She will e-mail it to Molly and mail it again regular mail. Sorry for the delay.  Susan 
 Stevens-  The contract was mailed to Molly yesterday(9/11/00).  Let me know if she doesn't get it by tomorrow.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Our legal is reviewing right now.  Hopefully, I'll have a final answer tomorrow.  Susan 
 Kathy-  Thanks for the email.  Kali was not able to make last Sunday's game due to a schedule conflict that I had.  Plus, she will not go to the last game because her best friend's birthday party is at the same time.  I had her skip another friend's party to make the one game she did participate in (all the softball girls schedule their parties on Sunday so as not to conflict with those games!!).  If it's not too late, do not order a trophy for her.  She really was never much of a team participant.  I'm hoping her enthusiasm this fall will be like last fall and not this spring.  Thanks for all your help, time and effort.  Susan Pereira  P.S.- Do you know who some of the U10 girls coaches will be??  Will you be coaching?  I did not sign up to coach because I may asst. coach my son's U6 team. 
 Thanks, Victor.  Susan 
 Cindy-  The T-shirt people will deliver the shirts around 4 pm on Thursday.  See you then.  Hope your son is ok.  Susan Pereira 
 That sounds great!!  We're looking forward to the trip as well.  The kids are anxious to have Alexia and Sebastien here to play with.  I don't know if there are any activities in particular that Alexia and Sebastien want to do, but I know Kali and Michael would be happy just to play at home and swim. Mayba a movie or two.  By the way, we just saw Spy Kids for the second time. If it's playing down there, you ought to take the kids.  Alexia will especially enjoy it.  See you soon.  Love,  Susan 
 Thanks for your help.  It sounds like your girl scout outings are a little more exotic than ours.  Our last event was an overnight campout in one of the girls' backyards.  The girls had a lot of fun.  I was lucky and didn't have to volunteer.  Michael got to be an only child for the night and got all the attention.  He loves it when Kali spends the night away!!  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Thanks.  Just let me know when you want me to come over.  Susan Pereira 
 Jan-  Looks good.  I'll finalize with Renato when he gets back in town tomorrow. We'll email you then.  Thanks for all your help.  Susan 
 Roy Anne-  Will the last brownie meeting be on the afternoon of May 9?  We have early dismissal that day.  The recognitions for th