 I have another meeting from 2:00 - 3:00pm.  I would only be available for the first 30 minutes. 
 TK, since you, Steve and I are traveling tomorrow, could you work with Lynn to schedule this meeting for Wednesday.  You, for sure, need to be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks, Audrey!  Kim. 
 Steve,  While I am checking on this items we discussed, here is a draft copy of both proposals.  Please note that I have given them 60 days to respond.  That may be too long for the Red Rock proposal.  Let me know if you would like one or both timeframes changed.  I'll visit with you by voice mail as I get an answer from Dennis Tu.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks for letting me know.  I'm glad you have everything back.  How are you doing?  K. 
 I'm in ECN1346.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks for the chuckle! Kim. 
 Ron, here it is.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Unfortunately, I have a customer dinner planned for this evening.  I will let you know if my plans change.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  I have booked the following appts this week.  Would you pls. add to my calendar.  Thanks, K. :>)  Tues 11/27        9:00 Kevin Howard - Trans Pecos, 10:30 Paul Y'Barbo - Avail. Capacity, 11:30 Lunch Fran Fagan, 1:30 Denis Alters - Fac Planning Priority list Wed 11/28 	11:30 Lunch Krishna Mon 12/3 	3:00 Meeting with Burlington - their offices Wed 12/4	11:30 Lunch Frank Bay Wed 12/5	2:00 Reliant Weather Deriv. Meeting 
 Lee,  Here is the Agave I/C agreement.  I made a few changes.  Please review:  Para 1:  Agave....a New Mexico corporation... Article 2.1:  term of ...five (5) years Article 3.3:  New paragraph.  Please wordsmith as necessary.  Also, notice the weird indentation on 3.1 and 3.2.  Can you help this? Article 8.5:  filled in detail on Agave contacts as per their request.  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  We can meet at 3:00pm in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Kirk,  I just wanted to check on you and see how the approval process was going.  Have you heard from the ACC Commissioners yet?  Please let me know if we can do anything for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks Lindy.  Have a good time in sunny California!  K. 
 This is a sweet note.  Let me know what he says.  K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lee,  Please look this over.  This is the Questar I/C agreement for the east leg of the Southern Trails Leg.  Let me know if I can send it out.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Here are the proposals that we sent to SW Gas last week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kirk did not have good news on the approval for Big Sandy yesterday, but it looks like they have Plan B moving forward.  I will stay in touch with Kirk and keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  Well, I am sorry that the project was denied a permit yesterday.  I know that you (and many others) have worked very hard on this project.  Transwestern is still very interested in having Big Sandy connect to our pipe.  I will stay in touch with you over the next few months, but please don't hesitate to call me if there is anything we can do to help you.  Thanks for keeping me posted, Kim. 
 Ron, FYI, Kim. 
 Thanks!  This is great news!  K. 
 Steve and Teb,  Please find attached the agreement for Questar Southern Trails I/C with TW in the San Juan Hub.  It is very standard, just like the Agave agreement.  Fully reimbuseable.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks, Kim. X33098 
 Larry,  Please take a look at this spreadsheet.  I welcome and encourage any and all comments you may have on this.  Please feel free to make changes my wording as well as the spreadsheet itself.  As we move this forward, I will want to attach a current version of your NYMEX Technical Update.  Many, many thanks for all of your help and support on this matter!  Kim. 
 Blair, per my voice mail message.  If you can, would you please review and let me know if you have any comments.  It is a very standard, fully reimusable I/C.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dear Gaylen and Jodi,  Attached, please find the Questar Southern Trails Interconnect Agreement and drawing of its location in the San Juan area.  The estimated cost of the interconnect is $702,000.  This cost estimate is what we call a "Level A" which means it is + or - 30%.  Once we execute the agreement, we will perform a "Level B" which will narrow the cost range.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Thanks,  Kim.     P.S.   I'm having trouble attaching the drawing.  I will send it under separate cover. 
 Dear Gaylen and Jodi,  I was having technical difficulty in sending this drawing with the I/C agreement.  Here it is.  Please let us know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I will wait for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I wanted to send a note to let everyone know that the rate for the firm transportation agreement with Agave (K#26490 & #26606) increases by $0.01 for all volumes west and east effective November 1, 2001 through October 31, 2003 as follows:   New Rate For West Flow volumes of 70,000 MMBtu/d - $0.15 (#26490) For East Flow volumes of 40,000 MMBtu/d - $0.07  (#26606)  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call me.  Thanks,  Kim   X33098 
 Glen,  Interesting reading from one of our customers. Kim. 
 Glen,  This is very interesting reading.  Please read this (sorry, it's kind of long) and let me know if it meshes with what you think is happening in California.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Larry, here is draft #2.  Again, many thanks!  K. 
 Lorraine,  When you get back in the office, let's talk about the new interest to connect into the SJ Hub.  I, too, have a few customers who are interested in connecting into the Hub.  We should generally discuss this from a big picture perspective so we can understand the total limitations of the Hub and lay out our strategy for moving forward.  Also, FYI, in your EDG comment below, our pipeline profile has all the lat/long locations specified if that helps identify the locations best for power plant sites.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  all is correct except that Steve Harris should get two flat screens instead of Michelle and me getting a third panel.  However, I did want to mention to you that I would like for Michelle to have a third flat screen since she handles all of our EOL transactions thereby giving her a screen for Dashboard/Pipeline Profile, Outlook and EOL.  Is there an extra one around for her?  Many thanks, Kim 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I do not believe that I am familiar with this company.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Jo,  Here is a copy of the open season that is being posted late today for a TW expansion from San Juan to Phoenix and California.  Please mention it in the morning meeting tomorrow since we are off campus in a strategy meeting, and we will walk through it with everyone in the Friday morning meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Audrey.  By the way, the marketing team is off campus tomorrow in a strategy session with Facility Planning.  Call me on the cell phone if you need me or anyone else on the team. (713 416 5059).  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jerry,  Unfortunately, our marketing department is off campus tomorrow with are Fac= ility Planning group and will be unable to attend.  We will catch you next = month.=20  Thanks, Kim.=20 
 Kay,  Thanks for the update.  Actually, I did not realize that Jeff's computer had Prophet X on it.  I would like to get together with you in the next few days and discuss the software package with you.  We may indeed wish to keep a user on it but I would like to understand it better.  I'm out of the office tomorrow, but will be back in on Thursday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Just in case we need bigger translations, see below.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Randy.  Kim. 
 Lee and Denise,  FYI, Kim. 
 Steve, FYI.  Kim. 
 Thanks for the future dates.  I'll try not to schedule any more conflicts w= ith this time......    :>).    Kim. 
 I'll will try to have them by 4:00pm.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 You bet!  Can we meet at 11:20 or 11:30?  I would like to be back for a 1:00 pm meeting.  Have you been to Daily Review Cafe lately?  It is just outside of Downtown off of Dallas St.  I would be happy to drive.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about we meet you at the Met.  Lindy and I will be in the 3AC until lunch.  Meet you there at 11:30. \ Thanks, Kim. 
 Amy,  Thank you so much for sending these to me.  They are very useful.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, an update from the CEC on the infrastructure issues.  Kim. 
 Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Randy.  Lee did find someone to translate the last few lines.  Thank your for your assistance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John and Sean,  Attached, please find the Transwestern Sun Devil Open Season Document.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions.  John, it was great talking with you again.  Thanks, Kim Watson (713) 853-3098 
 FYI, I think this was originally sent to me from Paul.  It looks like it is a 13 hr. drive from Palermo to Florence.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 you bet!  How about Wed. August 15?  Kim. 
 Dot,  I'm so glad you know what the problem is.  My brother had a similar micro-surgery last year.  He went home on the same day and was only off work for a couple of days.  Will you be able to start a rehab program/routine after surgery?  Is your doctor comfortable with you traveling to Italy this fall or will it be a wait and see situation to see how you are doing post surgery?  Keep me posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 5,000 for Cal 02 hedged at $3.46.  Kim.  (Theresa executed for us) 
 Sorry, my earlier email message to you failed and returned to me.  We transacted 5,000 EP Permian at $3.46 for Cal 02.  Kim. 
 Kirk,  Here is the open season document on our Sun Devil Expansion Project.  Have a great weekend!  Kim. 
 I think she is on vacation most of next week.  Is it possible to talk with Julie or the other assistants to figure out the costs just to have a ball park place holder until Linda comes back?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  This does not look cool.  Who should I report this to?  How did these people get my email address?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think so, but how can I tell? 
 Dan,  Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Project information.  Please review and give me a call at your convience to discuss.  We also have some space left from our Red Rock Expansion that we can discuss as well.  Thank you for your interest and I look forward to working with you.  Kim Watson 713 853-3098 
 Audrey,  Would you please send 3 maps to:  BP - IGI Resources, Inc. Kirk L. Ketcherside 7241 Sanderling Court Carlsbad, CA 92009  Also, for our records, his phone number is 760 918 0001, fax 760 918 0003 and his email ketchekl@bp.com  Thanks, Kim 
 We are tracking this one down.  I'll keep you posted.  Kim. 
 Steve,  Do you want Audrey to have one or two flat screens on her desk?  Kim. 
 Gary,  I just wanted to get back with you on the Salt Dome Storage question you asked earlier.  I have not been able to find anyone in TW who has knowledge of exploring it, but per Kevin's recent message, it looks like SWG is beginning to pursue it.  Do you have any comments or thoughts?  I will be in Omaha on Thursday of this week for a RM meeting, maybe we can hook up for a few minutes and visit about this.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you!  Kim.  :>) 
 Amy,  Here is the Open Season Document on our Sun Devil Expansion.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I've got it!  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Here is our list from the strategy meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Palu,  Are we getting a portion of the 49C2 conference video?  We are getting something from one of the video rooms.  any ideas?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, I will be travelling to Farmington and Artesia on this day.  I will just catch up with you along the road.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dave,  May I ask you to take a look at this spreadsheet, please?  Steve and I are hoping to connect up with Danny tomorrow afternoon and discuss both our fuel strategy and our Index to Index Deal strategy.  I have put together some numbers on the I to I deals, but I would like to discuss them with you to make sure I am not missing anything.  Although Larry Pavlou is on vacation tomorrow, he will be conferenced into our meeting.  You are also welcome to join our meeting if you are available.  I believe that we are meeting at 1:30 tomorrow afternoon. 
 Janell, FYI,  John and I emailed the Hotel Mozart in Rome for availability.  I'll let you know if I hear something.  Have a great day!  K. 
 I'll come see you after lunch.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Stephanie,  Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Package.  Please review and forward on to those in your group who may have an interest.  We would be happy to discuss this expansion opportunity with you at your convenience.  Thanks, Kim. X33098 
 Audrey,  I have been in the office the whole pay period.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Do we need to put this in the 2002 Capital Budget?  Kim. 
 Audrey, you are so kind.  Thank you for driving this for me!  K. 
 Larry, here they are.    Also, have your technical analysis handy.  Thanks, K. 
 C- Here is the Sun Devil Open Season Expansion Project.  Take a look and I'll give you a call late this afternoon to discuss.  Have a great day.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think this date looks good.  K. 
 Martha,  What is this?  I thought Bobby was permanent many months ago?  What did I miss?   K. 
 Tiny, Jeff and Mansoor,  Please see the schedule for our meeting with Questar on Tuesday.  Mansoor and I will be arriving into Farmington from Albuquerque at 12:40.  We can meet you guys at the Williams plant site near the 1:00 timeframe.  Jeff, I apologize that I have not spoken with you yet about a possible interconnect with Southern Trails, I will try to call you tomorrow so we can discuss.  If you schedule permits, I would very much like for you to attend this meeting with us.  Many thanks,  Kim Watson 
 Steve,  FYI, I am still interviewing candidates.  Fran is actually trying to set up about 7 interviews for me.  I will keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I would like to attend the Legal Essentials for Managers training on August 22.  Thank you, Kim Watson X33098 
 Audrey,  Here are our bullets for the week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  I will be able to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, on Larry's NYMEX update.  Kim. 
 J, you are too funny!  I am always entertained by the wonderful way in which you express yourself in these emails.  You make me laugh.  ILY, HA!  K. 
 John,  I will be travelling on Wednesday with Mansoor to see Questar and Agave and will not be in the office to attend this meeting.  I would like to ask Lorraine Lindberg to be involved in this meeting in my absence.  Lorraine, would you be available to attend this meeting for our team regarding capacity on the mainline?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Susan, thank you for the invite, but I will be travelling on Wednesday and will not be able to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Morgan, I am on the road on Tues and Wed back on Thursday.  I would love to see everyone's handy work if people can wait that long.  Otherwise, can you keep it in your office until I return?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Miranda,  Will it be possible to reschedule my time for this training?  I just learned that I will be out of town on Wednesday.  Do you have any time next week available?  I am sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.  Thank you,  Kim Watson. X33098 
 Pilar and Martha,  I am sorry I will be unable to attend.  I do not return to town until Wed. evening.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John,  Hi, I got your voice mail while I was out of town.  I am out of town tomorrow, but I am coming to Omaha on Wed eve. and will be in the office on Thursday.  Can we talk for a while on Thursday afternoon to discuss USGT?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  Another fraud.....Thanks, Kim. 
 Jan,  Thank you for keeping this up to date!  Kim. 
 Yes, I will need everyone's passport for possible reservations on a ferry.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here are my bullets for the week. Michelle may have one more bullet to add to the Current Week Activity section if she closes her deal for September with Burlington.  Thanks, I'll give you a call somewhere along the road.  Kim 
 Rich,  Thank you for keeping us in the loop on this unit.  Kim. 
 Audrey, I added one more bullet from the earlier version I sent you.  Please work from this one.  Michelle, please fill in the appropriate volume amount for the volume affected on the Gallup compressor outtage.  Also, per my voicemail to you, please check with Palu on the highlighted blue bullets to confirm that your two bullets are not already included in the numbers that Jan gave me on her bullet.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  email from home works differently than the office.  I hope this attaches this time.  Sorry.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I got it....Kim Watson 
 Theresa,  FYI, Let's talk on Wednesday.  I'm in Dallas tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I have a tentative Spires Board meeting.  I should know in the next week or so if that is a firm date.  If it is not, then I would love to be at Perry's with you.  ILY, K. 
 I probably prefer the 3 or 17.  Let's get the rest of our invites together this weekend.  ILY, K. 
 Steve,=20  Darrell informed Burlington late on Friday that we will have an unplanned o= utage next week for two days.  We will talk with their commercial folks on = Monday morning to make sure that they are in the loop.  We anticipate that = we can be back online by September business so Burlington can proceed ahead= with their September business as usual.  We will also talk with the other = SJ players to help fill the gap so that we can maintain 800,000MMBtu/d down= the lateral while Burlington is down. =20  Thanks, Kim.  =20  =20 
 I love this report.  How often will you send this out?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jan, FYI, on remaining outages for 2001.  Thanks, Kim. 
 What do I need to do with this?  Should we be talking to our customers?  Are we all in agreement as to our position?   I just want to make sure that I'm not letting anything slip through the crack.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How was this meeting?  Any additional capacity identified?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Did everything get paid?  Is all resolved?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I was informed by Lone Star that they have not completed their transaction with Sid Richardson and they will continue to take deliveries from TW until further notice.  (I suspect that they may not sell this asset, after all.)  Assume no sale for now, I will keep you posted if anything changes.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dan,  I do not understand what this message means.  Please advise.  Kim. 
 Yes, I will attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Any luck helping Debbie with this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, one more name in addition to the ones I've already given you.... please add Elizabeth Brown on the invite list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tiny,  Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to come to Houston to attend this.  TW is assured the best success when all key departments are part of the strategy.  I have always appreciated your input and your enthusiasm for success.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I would like to attend the 10/31 session.  Will the training be in the morning?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mary, I got your voicemail last week.  I am so glad you guys had a great time.  John and I leave for Italy at the end of the month for two weeks.  I am very ready........Will you be coming to Houston this fall?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve and Dave,  As a follow up from our meeting on August 16, we all had the question about= what, if any, price risk we had on the fuel portion of the Index to Index = deals.  Here are my thoughts...  For purposes of this discussion, let's just talk about how the Dynegy, San = Juan to SoCal Needles firm transport for 35,000 MMBtu/d for Calendar 2003 c= ould impact our fuel risk.  Dynegy will not be giving us fuel in-kind for t= his transaction.  All fuel needed for scheduled volumes on this contract wi= ll have to be provided by TW.   In a normal year TW over collects approxima= tely 25,000 MMBtu/d in fuel.  Because we will now need some of this over co= llected amount to provide the fuel for the Dynegy deal, we actually have so= mething less than the 25,000 MMBtu/d for the total 2003 fuel over collectio= n.  To make the math easy to follow for purposes of discussion, let's assum= e after all of the Index to Index deals for 2003, we will only have 20,000 = MMBtu/d of over collected fuel on the system.  We will need the remaining 5= ,000 MMBtu/d as fuel for the Index to Index deals.  Let's also assume that = we have hedged or plan to hedge (by means of the whole calendar year, seaso= nally or monthly) the 20,000 MMBtu/d of 2003 over collected fuel.  The rema= ining 5,000 MMBtu/d of over collected unhedged fuel is what will be used to= provide the fuel for the Dynegy deal. =20  It is my thought that the price risk question surrounds the 5,000 MMBtu/d o= f the remaining over collected fuel that is not hedged.   On any day where = Dynegy would schedule the full 35,000 MMBtu/d to flow, the fuel actually bu= rned on that day for Dynegy would have the same value as all other shippers= who provided in-kind fuel on that same day.  The other shipper's in-kind f= uel (I'm referring to the 5,000 MMBtu/d that is not hedged) is what is actu= ally used to provide fuel for Dynegy.  On this particular day, we do not ha= ve additional adverse price risk.  However, on any day that Dynegy does not= have the full 35,000 MMBtu/d scheduled to flow, we have an opportunity los= s on the value of this fuel.  If Dynegy does not flow all or any volumes on= their contract on any given day, there is no fuel burned.  This means that= we now have extra gas, that was not previously hedged, in the pipe provide= d by the other in-kind shippers that we do not need for Dynegy on this part= icular day.  Now we are subject to selling this extra gas at current cash p= rices verses having the ability to hedge this volume ahead of time at a pri= ce that we felt meet our fuel hedging strategy, thus creating an opportunit= y loss. =20  Would you agree that our risk is when Dynegy does not flow?  Would you agre= e that there is no additional price risk when Dynegy does flow? =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rich,  Can you help us in defining how we can participate in the Laguna festival?  Steve, TK and I are available to participate on Tuesday, Sept. 18.  We would have to be able to leave Albuquerque around the noon hour on Wednesday, Sept. 19.  Thanks, Kim. 
 pricing are falling more.....Cal 02 is now $3.27.  EOL still does not have Perm Basis posted for Cal 02, but we suspect that it is in the $.11-.14 range.  FYI. 
 In talking with Larry and Morgan, it is a belief that there will be people covering short positions by tomorrow or Wed before the close of Sept. contracts and AGA on Wed, we could see a pop back up in the next 48....Shall we watch it?  Kim 
 In talking with Larry and Morgan, it is a belief that there will be people covering short positions by tomorrow or Wed before the close of Sept. contracts and AGA on Wed, we could see a pop back up in the next 48....Shall we just watch it?  Kim 
 Gerry,  Lindy and I are going to tag team on this.  She and I will get together on the results of these meetings.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle, please respond to Ava if you would like to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yikes, another message.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hey guys and girls,  Janell has a Sheraton on the outskirts of town booked on the front end of t= he trip.  I sent 17 faxes this morning to hotels in the city center looking= for something closer to our sights.  I received an immediate response from= the Hotel Condotti.  They have 3 standard rooms available.  I believe it i= s a 3+ star hotel (I'm guessing from the prices they charge).  From the art= icle in my book, they have recently remodeled.  They are located near our H= otel Firenze between the Spanish Steps and Plaza Del Popolo.  The rate is 4= 30,000 Lire (approximately $215).  It's $25 more than the Sheraton but we w= on't have to taxi between the city center and the outskirts of town which g= ives us more flexibility to easily scoot back to the hotel as we fade with = jetlag and eat dinner in town after a nap.  They also have a 72 hour cancel= lation policy (there could be a slight fee to cancel, their fax just says t= hey have a 72 hour cancellation fee), if we are OK, I'll confirm this cance= llation with our reservation. =20  I think we should go with this.  I'm not sure how fast I'll hear from the o= thers, if at all.=20  Please let me know your thoughts ASAP. =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 11:30 in the lobby sounds fine.  I would be happy to drive.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I will be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John,  I will be able to make the Thursday meeting.  I will be out of the office on Friday afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,   FYI, prices this morning are still hanging in the $3.10-3.13 range for Permian Cal 02.  We are watching it closely.  I'll keep you posted if it starts to rally back up.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  We have a contract extension for Sempra, 30,000/d from La Plata to I/B Link extending it from 12/31/01 to 12/31/02.  Max rate.  Standard language.  I would like to approve this contract in your absence.  Legal and Regulatory have already approved.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rich,  My fax number is 713 646-4095.  Thanks, Kim  Will you be there, also? 
 I will approve Sempra deal.  Danny is out of the office today, but he will be in tomorrow.  I'll still keep you posted on prices if they begin to move.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J, D, P and J,  Here is a previous email from the travel agency regarding car and ferry info.  I have asked Dee to book the overnight ferry from Palermo to Naples.  I believe that we still have a 6 hour drive to Lucca, but that will put us there sooner than the overnight ferry to Livorno with a 2 hour drive.  She is also confirming the car and rate for us (approx $742 for each car).  FYI, I have received a few more faxes from available Rome Hotels, but none of them have a better location that what we have booked and a few of them were even more expensive than what we have booked.  Janell is on the hunt for a Florence hotel.  I will prepare faxes in mass for Florence tonight and send them out tomorrow.  Dorothy called me yesterday and wanted to know how our plans are coming.  She and Tom are very sad that they will not be able to join us.  I told her we will drink for them everyday and have them in our thoughts.  She is doing well and hopes to return to the office in about three weeks on a part time basis.  Also, John and I are confirmed in a Rome hotel for the 11th-13th which is only about 5 blocks from the train station where we will return the cars.  We can put everyone's luggage in our room when we return to Rome and have a nice dinner before you guys taxi to the airport to return home.  I will keep you posted as we hear more.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John, FYI, I'll let you know when I hear from her.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  James ran numbers.  $.22 for 10 yr. for 43,300/d is a DCF of 16.57% with no resubscriptions.  This looks better than any of the 5 year cases on either a 120/d case or 150/d case.  Thoughts?  We have not approached Duke with a 10 yr term yet.  Thanks, Kim and Michelle 
 Audrey,  Would you please set up a meeting for me on Wednesday (tomorrow) to discuss the Griffith plant and some of the problems we have been having lately with respect to TW's responsibilities, EAMR's responsibilities and Trigon's responsibilities.  (Please share this meeting purpose in the email notice of this meeting.)  We would like to meet from 3:00 to 4:00 pm, we need a conference room in Houston with the ability to conference in several other locations.  In addition to the names below, please include Don Hawkins, Sarabeth Smith, Donna Scott, Dennis Alters, Darrell Schoolcraft and me.  Many thanks,  Kim :>) 
 Are you online?  MSN shows you not logged in.  BTW, my car is ready.  I will pick it up tonight.  It was the starter.  $550 (includes a new battery).  FYI, ILY, K.  PS.  I will keep you posted on the ferry poll.  I still vote for arriving in Lucca earlier in the day, only because if we don't arrive untill evening, then we will spend the whole next day in Lucca instead of getting to Florence.  I'm trying to keep us (you and me) whole for 2 - 2.5 shopping days in Florence before heading to Rome.  K. 
 Do you have a problem if I call Duke tonight to initiate a 10 year discussion? 
 I talked with Russ.  I told him if he wanted a 5 year, we needed $.26.  We could consider going a little lower if he extended his term to 10 years....I told him we really need $.24 to make it work for 10.  He will run the numbers and call me in the morning.   Kim. 
 Jo, here is the message on the EPNG Marketing Affiliate case. =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Great, would you reply that we may need up to six chairs, but we will know the exact count within the next week.  Also, ask her about a table cloth to see if we can borrow it.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will ask Audrey to coordinate our calendars for marketing.  We will let you know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Hey guys,  We got our first response to a Florence Hotel.  Please read this message and take a look at the attached links to their hotel website to get a feel for the location.  Janell and I think that it is close enough to the city center, but we are open to fresh eyes.  Let me know your thoughts.  I sent about 12 faxes this morning, this is the first to respond.  Janell has personally called about 8 hotels in Florence and they have all been fully booked.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J, are you interested in this?  K. 
 9:00 works best for me.  I can swirl other stuff for 10:00, I would not be able to do 11:00.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Another response.  I think it is further away than Hotel City?  Can anyone look at a map and tell us?  It's crazy at the office today and I won't have time.  Thanks, Kim. 
 10 yr. deal not looking good.  I have a call into Russ about taking some of the resubscrip space that starts 6/03. 
 FYI, on resubscription space, if we sell 2,000 6/03 and incr.to a total of 7,000 4/04 thru 5/31/07 at $.22, to keep a 15% DCF we have to sell the 43,300 at $.218. 
 Paul,  I think this bounced back to me.  Sorry.  Kim. 
 Darell, this works fine for me.  Where do yo want the Houston folks to go?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, please review.  It looks OK to me.  Do you have any more suggestions?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jerry, you can remove me from your distribution of NNG only outage reports.= Thanks for all of your help and coordination on the TW outages.  Kim. =20 
 Jan, do you want to be on this distribution list?  Please let Craig know if you do.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sasha,  Thank you so much for all of your help in coordinating this important meeting for us.  As you prepare the memo, here are the names we would like it distributed to (Morgan, please confirm that I have listed the names from your department correctly and completely):  John Keller Morgan Gosssponer Eric Faucheaux Perry Frazier Mansoor Abdmoulaie Ron Matthews Gale Ramsaran Dennis Alters Buzz Smith Matt Hughes Ben Asante Darrell Schoolcraft Rich Jolly David Roensch Steve Harris TK Lohman Michelle Lokay Lorraine Lindberg Tracy Geaconne Lindy Donoho Kim Watson  I will be in Omaha this afternoon and tomorrow, so if you have a draft ready for us to review, just email it back to us.  I will check my email tomorrow and get back with you soon.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I took 1/2 day on 8/17 and I'm taking 1/2 day on 8/31.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Donna, would you please check this distribution list and let me know if you think we might have accidentally omitted someone that should have received an invite?  I don't want to leave anyone out that should come.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I think I know the schedule for the Laguna Festival.  Let's get together tomorrow and discuss.  Also, I will need airline tickets to San Antonio for late next week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I'm sorry to keep changing my mind, but I would now like to attend the 10/17 class.  Fran informed me of another Leadership training class that is on 10/31-11/02 that I would like to be able to attend.  Many thanks for your patience.  Kim. 
 Robbin,  Please forgive me for not sending this in by Aug. 15.  I've been caught up in several heavy projects and forgot to put it all together.  I have all my info in a big envelope and I will get it sorted in an organized fashion and get it to you in the next few days.  If this is a problem, please let me know.  I would be happy to discuss this with you.  Again, I apologize for the delay.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Mark,  Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Open Season Document.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim Watson 713 853 3098 
 Fran, can you sign me up for the Leadership Training on 10/31-11/02?  Thanks, Kim. 
 John, where are we meeting for the DRA meeting tomorrow morning at 9:00am?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I got it.  I'll send it through.  Have a good day.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, can you attend this for me?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think when I logged in today, I had 34 new messages!  I'm on my way to Omaha this afternoon.....Let's have lunch in the next few weeks!  Kim. 
 Steve,  I will be attending this meeting.  You are welcome to join in on the call if you like.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you for helping me to swirl these dates.  Kim. 
 Hey Italian Team,  We are booked for Florence!  Please keep this for your file.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle, Do I need to fill out a deal sheet for this?  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  would you send an invite to Brad Holmes and Teb Lokey?  Thanks, Kim.  Sorry, I tried hard to make sure we didn't leave anyone off. 
 Audrey,  Here are the bullets for this week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy will attend for our group.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I owe you lunch...Thanks, Kim. 
  I saw you log in, but I don't see you on MSN.  I, too, am still at the office.  What a day!  K. 
 Jean, thank you so much for taking care of this for us!  Are you available for lunch on August 10 or any day during Aug 13-17?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Have you guys heard anything about shippers wanting gas at this point?  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve- Eric is meeting with KinderMorgan & Calpine today @ 1:45 to discuss possible merging of projects...do you want me to go in your place?  Eric just happened to mention this meeting to me.  Call me.  X33098. 
 Thank you for setting this up.  Kim. 
 Lisa,  Sorry for the delay in responding, could you please send me her resume again?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Please plan to meet on Wed. (see below) to discuss the Deal Profitability Analysis with Kim Kouri.  Thanks, Kim.   PS.  Sean, please forward this to Richard.  For some reason, I could not find him in the email directory.  Thanks. 
 Hey guys,  Since I am out of the office tomorrow, here is the beginning of the bullets.  I need to you add your weekly bullets to this list.  Please coordinate with each other before you send them to Audrey (by 10:00am, please).  Please file save the final version on the shared drive under my folder.  All of the previous weeks bullets are in the folder by date order. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kim. 
 twist....Lee Ferrell just left Enron last week.  He now works for Reliant.  I still want to invite him, it may take a day or two to track down his new phone number or email.  I will keep you posted.  ILY, K. 
 Hi TK,  We are still on target for a shipper meeting on Nov. 8 with the Market Services Goup, I would like to have our map updated so that we can hand it out at the meeting.  Let's visit about this sometime today or tomorrw.  I also want to get the NNG people involved to update their portion as well.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Stephanie,  By chance are you available for lunch today?  Kim. 
 no, not yet?  Who has it?  K. 
 Jean, can you help me?  My cell phone was stolen from my briefcase sometime this afternoon.  I also received this message that the recipient below in not known....I do not know who this person is or what/why is was returned to me, so now I am worried that someone was at my computer doing something before the screensaver came on.  Can you help me do some detective work here?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you Linda!  Kim 
 FYI, Kim. 
 J, does the $20,000 include the cost of the video?  K. 
 Lisa,  FYI--Sean, Richard and I may come down and interview Anne together at 4:00pm.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Steven M. Harris, VP Transwestern Commercial (713) 853-1796 Kim Watson, Director Transwestern Commercial (713) 853-3098 Lorraine Lindberg, Account Executive (713) 853-5403 TK Lohman, Account Director (713) 853-7610 Michelle Lokay, Account Director (713) 345-7932  All of us office at 1400 Smith, Houston TX 77002 or P.O. Box 1188, Houston, TX 77251-1188  If you need anything else, just let us know.  Thanks, Kim Watson. 
 TK,  Are you referring to the Dynegy deal in December being the "I to I" deal that we have already hedged?  Have you already included the previous "I to I" deals that you have done earlier in the year?  Outside of these deals, I am not aware of any others.  Thanks, Kim 
 Steve, the meeting on Questar will take place immediately after our 3CE/Plan meeting tomorrow.  I have also asked James C. to attend.  Kim. 
 Jennifer,  I am flying Monday evening.  I will check on my flight time and will call in if I can.  What is the phone number to this conference room?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mary,  You are going to have such a great time!  Yes, you will need a mixture of both long and short sleeves.  You might be able to take one pair of shorts, otherwise, jeans or other long pants will be the preferred leg coverings.  A sweatshirt and jacket will be just fine.  Is your jacket water wary?  Tennis shoes are definitely OK!  You will love the Tattoo and Edinburgh.  Find the Fringe Festival Schedule as soon as you get into town.  Look through the book and select a few events that look interesting to you and buy a ticket (there are signs everywhere or ask someone where the ticket offices are - there are several in town).  Entertainers all over the world come to the festival to get their start.  Some of the names you will probably recognize....they got their start there!  Call me when you get back.  I'd love to hear all about your trip!  Hugs back at you, Kim.  P.S.  Stay away from Haggus(spelling?). 
 Mark, FYI on the outage meeting Thursday.  Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, another step forward for opportunities to resolve imbalances....Kim. 
 Hi Ed,  Gosh, I am so sorry we have not connected yet.  I have been on a fast run.  How early in the morning do you come in?  Do I need to be at my desk?  How late in the evening are you in?  I will make time for you.  Thanks for your persistence.  Kim. 
 David,  Per your request, the two people listed below are the senior management team of ENA that you could call to discuss your situation:  Louise Kitchen, COO (713) 853-3488 John Lavorato, President and CEO (713) 853-7991  Have a good day.  Kim. 
 Kim Watson Director EB4150F 458-37-4132 
 Here they are.  Thanks for your help today!  Kim. 
 Hi Dan!  I am glad that your family is well.  My heart is so heavy with the tragedy of the WTC.  I cannot fully comprehend the enormity of it all.  I will be glad to bring the tape in.  I am actually going to be in the office late Sunday afternoon to begin packing my desk.  We are temporarily moving to the 13th floor mid next week while they reconstruct our floor.  I will have the tape on my desk in an envelope with your name on it, too.  Also, I have a little book that you lent me with nice verses.  I will bring it as well.  Thanks and take care.  Kim. 
 FYI, If you are available, I would like for you all to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard,  Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, per our meeting with Ben and Kim, here is the access to the Deal Profitibility system.  The dashboard just went down, I'm trying to verify that we still have access via the dashboard.  Kim. 
 Sasha,  This looks wonderful to me.  Thank you for all of your help.  Will you be with us during our day?  If you are available, I would love for you to be there with us.  Also,  can you help us coordinate ordering Pizza from Bira's to have during the Mad Potter event?  Morgan,  should we just drink the wine and beer from the Mad Potter vs. bringing our own?  If Morgan is good with the memo, go ahead and distribute.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Susan,  I just wanted to follow up with you that everyone in Eric's group (plus Steve Dowd) have a place to land when we move.  I have not seen the area that you guys are supposed to move and I just want to make sure that no one falls through the crack.  Are you satisfied that you have spaces for all?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  here is the Pemex draft.  Kim. 
 Dave, here is a draft letter to send to Pemex.  Please give me your thoughts or changes and we'll get this out today.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Pam and Donna,  I am not certain that Susan has been made aware of where and which spaces have been allocated to her (Eric Gadd's group) with respect to the move.  In effort to make sure that no one falls through the crack, would you please coordinate with Susan as to which floor and specifically which cubical/office locations she can slot her people in.  Susan will also coordinate Steve Dowd with the rest of Eric's group in the move so we need to keep a space for him.  Susan,  Please let me know when you have accounted for everyone in Eric's group (plus Steve Dowd) for the move and have the location assignment.   The goal for all is that everyone will have a chair when the music stops.  :>)  Thanks to all for your help!  Kim. 
 Michelle, please put another packet together on Southern Trails for Mike McGowan.  Some of the pieces may have to be faxed/mailed if you don't have them electronically.   Mike,  please feel free to call either of us to walk you through the packet and if you need more detail we can send that to you also.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Sue,  Have you talked to your mom since last week?  I would like to visit with her by phone or email about what her views/opinions are of the local viewpoints of the WTC tragedy.  May I have her phone number and email address again?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Ken,  Would you please add Paul Y'Barbo on this distribution list.  Paul is one of our new marketing reps and will be involved with our risk management strategies including our fuel positions and how it relates to this report.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark and Paul,  It would be good to set up a time to demo this model.  In fact, I would like to attend with you, since I havn't seen it for almost a year.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rick,  Thanks so much for the lead!  In fact the timing is very good since we are trying to determine a viable scope of the Sun Devil expansion.  Lorraine,  would you please give Rick Padia a call and see if there is a fit for us to service his area.  Maybe they can form a coalition of all the land owners for the White Cliffs Area?  Also, please keep Rick Smith posted of our conversations with this possible new customer(s).  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Debbie,  Can you tell me who you have talked to?  Michelle is the Oneok rep and is out of town until Monday.  I will ask Michelle to assist you in this collection.  Michelle, would you please coordinate with Deb and see if you can find the right person a Oneok for us to talk to regarding the AR issue.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Done.  Michelle sent it out this morning.  We will follow up with Mike to make sure he understands how the numbers were derived.  Kim. 
 see map---K. 
 Jo, I actually mentioned this in our TW staff meeting with Steve yesterday about using the OBA's to balance this point for November service if the interconnect was not ready.  We could carve out a few minutes after one of the morning meetings to discuss this with Market Services - both TW and NNG representatives to work out the details for their shop.  FYI, Michelle is working with Burlington to deliver gas to NNG@Gray on their firm contract as well as discussions with Oneok to deliver gas to TW@Gray.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Count me in the office during this time period.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mike,  Jorge sent these changes to me, but I thought you might want to take the lead on these possible changes since it is a NNG IT contract.  If you don't mind, just keep me posted on what you finally decide.   Many thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Mr. Craig,  Would you please add Mark and Paul to this distribution list.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Kent, FYI in case you did not see my note from yesterday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve or Drew,  Please advise on what to do with the Mavrix phone since we will be moving to the 13th floor on Friday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI on the RED PHONE (Mavrix) in Eric's office on 41.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy Donoho will attend for our group.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lou-  Can you help with this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 David Lanning's email address is dlanning@ypcnm.com  Kim. 
 I will be there!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Please review the attached agreement for the Big Sandy Interconnect.  It is very standard.  It is reimbursable.  It has a few blanks that have to be filled in for certain dates that we (or Caithness) don't know just at this time with respect to receiving regulatory approval, in-service date, etc.  Caithness wants this agreement for their prospective equity partners to review for content.  Teb, Lee and Ron, this agreement has not changed since you have last seen it, but I just wanted you to give it one more look.   I would like to email to Kirk (Caithness) tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Julie!  Kim. 
 What were the offer dates for the Gormet Group?  Didn't we offer all three weekends?  I'm open all three weekends in November, however, we might want to steer clear of the 17 just incase we decide to travel during the week of Thanksgiving.  Thanks, Kim. 
 sounds good.  K. 
 Susan,  Thank you, but I will be out of town on Mon and Tues of next week and will not be available to attend.  I would recommend that Martha Janousek (or Bobby Mason) be aware of this meeting as they might be interested in attending since they are building several other web based tools for us.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dear Jorge,  Per our conversation on this past Monday, here is the letter we talked about.  We have an original that will be placed in the mail today.  Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.  Sincerely,  Kim. 
 Jorge,  My apologizes, a slight typo in the Trans Pecos name in last paragraph.  Here is the revised memo.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Although we expect to receive specific feedback on our July 6, 2001 proposal to Pemex for the TransPecos Pipeline very soon, we sent the attached letter today to Pemex (with a copy to Kinder Morgan) that will withdraw our proposal on October 1, 2001 if the LOI has not been executed.  Kinder Morgan has agreed with the sending of this letter.  Pemex has been aware of the contents of this letter since Monday, September 17.  We will keep you posted of our detailed discussions with Pemex as they proceed.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 Dave, as you can see I mis-typed your email address on the original sent to Jorge.  This letter has a typo in the last para.  Please use the revised letter sent as the one to go by.  Call if you have questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I assume that they will redeposit our miles in the Amex miles account?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Patrick,  This sounds just fine.  Shall we call you in your office?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Denise, can you accept these red-lined changes and send back to me?  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  Attached, please find the Delivery Point Construction and Operations Agreement.  Please feel free to call me if you would like to walk through it.  I would be available for you tomorrow to do this if you would like.  Just let me know.  Thanks, Kim 
 FYI - I spoke with John Sturn yesterday and he is coordinating the pigging of the SJ lateral to see if the efficiency of the drag reducing agent will increase.  He says the pig run will not interrupt scheduled flows on the pipe.  If the efficiency of the SJ lateral does not increase from the pig run, then Operations will look to reapply the DRA.  Kim. 
 Ron, would you please give me your thoughts on Kirk's question.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here they are.  They are thin this week, lots of things in progress...  Thanks, Kim. 
 That sounds great.  I'll talk with you early next week.  Have a great weekend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here are the bullets for this week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine, would you please check on this.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  Since the tolerance range is currently on the whole contract on a monthly basis, can we force the daily balancing issue?  Or at least pull the monthly tolerance level down to 1-2%?  Thanks for the note.  Kim. 
 Please let me know if you are available on Tuesday, September 25 to attend a lunch for Palu as an appreciation for her work on TW.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, my info looks good.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I've got an 8:30 meeting at the office.  I can do later in the morning or afternoon.  Can you take him alone? K. 
 Thanks.  BTW, I don't show you as logged into MSN messenger.  K. 
 You bet, Jan and Tracey already have it on their calendars. 
 Thanks, Vince.  Kim. 
 How about Wednesday?  Kim. 
 Can everyone meet tomorrow, Tuesday, from 3:00 to 4:30 to distribute customer accounts and projects?  Kim. 
 Dear Ms. Monica Vespoli,  It is with great regret that we will have to cancel our Italian holiday and will not be able to stay in your hotel on 30 September - 04 October for 4 nights.  Please cancel the reservations of:  John and Kim Watson Dennis and Janell Dye Paul and Judith Donnelly Tom and Dorothy McCoppin  Please confirm receipt of this message by reply email (kimberly.watson@enron.com) or fax to USA 713-646-2551.  It is our sincere hope that we will be able to reschedule our holiday to Positano in the near future.  Thank you for your kindness.  Sincerely,  Kim Watson phone:  USA 713-853-3098 
 Lee, please review the following offer to Pemex for firm transportation on TW.  I would like you to review the language I have inserted and see if you would like to add to it before I send it to Steve to review.   I also want a few other people to see it before I send to Pemex.  My goal is to get this out tomorrow.  Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, =20 I don't see any change to requirements.  Do you?  Kim. 
 Michelle,  What is the status of your conversations with PG&E on the possible partnering on joint line in Calif. to serve power plants?  Kim 
 Yes, I plan to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, here is the cancellation of the Florence Hotel.  I hope to hear from the hotel in Positano and Rome (front end trip only) today.  Dennis, please confirm the cancellation of your front-end Sheraton hotel in Rome.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J,  Do you think that if P & J and the kids went to Guam they would consider leaving Jo Lynn with the kids and come on to Hong Kong and join up with us?  FYI, I still have small reservations about travelling abroad still close to our international situation.  Perhaps fear of the unknown.  Sitting on the fence.  Undecided.  K. 
 I plan to take Friday off, too.  Can we meet on Thursday to discuss? 
 L,  Thank you for handling.  K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Jan, Did you see this?  FYI, Kim. 
 opps, I mis-typed this morning.  K. 
 I hope to be on vacation next week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  Do you know if this means any changes for us?  Kim. 
 Hey gang,  I just wanted you to know that I sent a fax early this week to cancel our hotel in Positano (Hotel Marincanto).  I did not receive a confirmation back from them, so I called them this morning.  Julio is the gentleman I talked to and he did inform me that the four rooms we had booked are cancelled.  I think we are OK, but I would feel better if we had written confirmation of the cancellation.  Please watch your credit card charges to ensure that you do not get billed for the hotel.  I have received written confirmation from the hotel in Rome (front end of trip) and the hotel in Florence of our cancellation.  Let's start looking at dates in 2002 to rebook this trip.  If one of you has some time, would you check to see if the weather would be better in May or June? Any thoughts?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve and Teb(for Steve Veach),   Please review the attached work order for the tap and side valve for the new Agave interconnect.  Please forward an email message to Robert Geheb giving him your approval on this work order so that he may begin working with the appropriate people to get the materials ordered.  We are under a very tight time frame and we don't want to loose anytime.  The "paper" will follow to you shortly for signiture, but this email approval will keep the process moving.  Also, as soon as we work out the remaining details with Agave on the remaining costs, we will revise the work order to include the items that Agave will be constructing for us as well as provide the economics for the interconnect.  This, too, will be routed to you for your approval.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. (X33098) 
 I don't see you on MSN, but I am on the phone now with Nanci and she is having back problems (a long story, I'll share later), but we are going to have to cancel the lake this weekend.  I have a 10:00 meeting, so I will have to run soon.  I'll call you when I get back.  I'm still OK taking off tomorrow and next week.  Maybe we stay home this weekend to be with Herschel, and if he is better, then we can take him to my mom's on Mon or Tue and go on to the Hyatt Hill Country next week.   Thoughts?  ILY, K. 
 Lindy, Since I will be gone tomorrow and next week.  Would you mind providing this information to Carmen?  I owe you one!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Well, here is the written confirmation for the cancellation of the Positano Hotel.  Please keep for your files.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark and Paul,  I would be happy to call in with you on your first "on call" weekend if you would like.  Mark, your weekend comes up this next weekend, I will plan to call in on Sat and Sun with you.  Alma will send you an email with the total list of everyone calling in including the phone number to dial into.  Make sure you locate this list prior to the weekend.  Remember, call in about 5-7 minutes before 8:00am Sat and Sun.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jerry,  Steve Harris asked me to get with you and coordinate any outage planning input that you need from our group.  Please let me know how I can be of assistance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here it is.  K. 
 I will be on vacation tomorrow through next week.  I would be available pretty much anytime week of Oct. 8.  Thanks, Kim. 
 James,  My name is Kim Watson and I'm thinking that I received this message in error.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, this is as of yesterday.  Updated from the one I just sent you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Since I will be out all next week, this is just a reminder email for filling out the questionnaire (in the mail by Oct. 10, please) for my leadership training seminar at the end of the month.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Thanks for finishing these bullets.  Kim. 
 Audrey,  I have a draft of the bullets ready.  TK will finish them and forward to you tomorrow morning.  She will also coordinate the bullets for next Friday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I recommend that we don't actually book anything for a while, but let's look at weather and tentatively be thinking of a date.  As far as the bombing, that will go on for years.  K.  By the way, thank you so much for your help today on the terminations of OBA's!  Kim. 
 I've got it booked!  Mark,  please plan to attend with me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Actually, Audrey might know of some place.  If not her, check with Linda Wehring, she knows absolutely everything!  Thanks for all of your help today!  We really appreciate it!  Kim. 
 I will be on vacation Friday, September 28.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Coral Amy Gold Two Houston Center 909 Fannin STe. 700 Houston, TX 77010 her phone number is 713 230-7812 
 Audrey Robertson, our secry. X35849 
  Audrey, can you open these documents?  Kim. 
 Steve, FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Bod,  Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Glen,  Please add Paul Y'Barbo and Mark McConnell to your distribution list for marketing.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Jean,  Is this order because Lorraine's desk top has been slow and she has not been able to keep the Dashboard and other applications open at the same time?  Also, I would like to inquire with you about ordering two flat screens for Paul.  He would like to still keep his laptop computer.  Can we accomodate two flat screens with his laptop?  Have you settled down from all the moves?  Where did you and Donna end up?  Will you be with us on 13?  As always, many, many thanks!  Kim.  P.S.  The printers all got worked out?  Everybody happy?  :>) 
 Lindy, I just saw this.  Did you know about this meeting?  I hope you were able to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve, do you know Rodger Swenke with SoCal?  Kim. 
 Mark, FYI, Kim. 
  Mark,  thanks for the notice of this meeting.  I'm glad you will be attending.  FYI, the Aquila folks purchased USGT from Nanci MacKenzie about 18 months ago and I'm not sure how they have incorporated the USGT organization into the Aquila organization.  Since you are the new kid, perhaps you can inquire as to the differences in these shops so that you can effectively deal with both organizations.  I'm not sure we've ever been clear on this.  Please continue to talk about Red Rock with these folks.  What would Aquila like to see TW offer?  What are their thoughts about the West markets?  What could TW do to get Aquila to be more active on our pipe?  FYI, I am coming into the office Wed morning.  I will be in EB4179.  I need to meet with Martha and pack up this office.  I should be in by 9:00.  If your schedule permits, perhaps you and I could meet for a few minutes on Agave before your 10:00 Aquila meeting?  I'll call you when I get in.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve, FYI- a success of collecting one of the Shipper imbalances.  Kim. 
 Mark and Paul, please make sure you are on the distribution list for the ar= ticles Lorna Brennan sends out.  Too many names for me to look through on t= his one. =20  Any way, FYI, Kim. 
 Lindy, any comments?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard, thanks for this message.  John and I will also be attending.  the Cirque du Soleil is on the TUTS tour and we have season tickets.  I will find out when our date is (usually a Saturday mat.) and let you know in on the chance that the date may also work for you guys.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Vince, I would like to visit with you about this training.  Also, I noticed that you had some of the folks in our shop on the invite list, but not all of them?  Are you available on Monday by phone to visit with me about this training?  I would be available at 2:00pm for half an hour.  Let me know if this works for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin, when and where is the meeting on 10/8?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Tiny(aka David Roensch - who is the Team Leader for the San Juan and West of Thoreau Area) just sent these to me.  FYI.  Kim. 
 Jo,  I just opened up this document.  Thought you would like to look it over.  FYI.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Unfortunately, I do not know Rodger.  I sent this message on to Steve to see if he knows of him.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kim. 
 Tracy,  Great job!  We appreciate your persistence in helping to close the gap on these shipper imbalances!  Many thanks,  Kim :>) 
 Kimberly,  I'm sorry, I was out of the office last week and did not see this email in time.  I think it looks fine.  I saw the final version in the ebiz today.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Sorry, I did not see this message until after Steve's staff meeting which is from 2:30 to 3:30 every Monday.  Do you have some time tomorrow --- I'll catch you up on Caithness.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about 9:00 am on Tues?  I'll come see you.  Thanks, kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Elizabeth,  We have two new Marketing Reps in our department, please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to your distribution list.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 J, are you logged in?  MSN shows that you are not online.  Do you have the Vet's number handy?  ILY, K. 
 I believe that John and I will have to pass on this one.  John (and I must admit that I, too) cannot afford to partake in any kind of all you can eat anything.  Our buttons are popping now.....  Have fun on this one.  Eat a tail or two for me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine, TK is on her way back into the office if you are still available to meet prior to lunch.  Thanks, Kim.  By the way, do you log into MSN messenger?  It would be helpful if you would.  Let me know if you need help in doing so.  Thanks, K. 
 Lindy, were you able to print this slide?  I could not find it.  K. 
 yes, I got it when I returned.  I think the away status just lets you know that I may not reply instantly.  K. 
 Anyone going to Mojave?  K. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 Paul, FYI, Kim. 
 John is for sure out of town, I think I will travel out with him for the weekend, but I have not confirmed it just yet.  If I find that I will be in town, I'll let you know.  Don't hold anything up for me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 My info looks good.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Great Job!  Kim. 
 Steve, FYI, Kim. 
 Mara,  I have a monthly outtage meeting to go to from 1:00 to 2:00pm.  Can I just come late?  Has everyone in our group committed to a time to test with you yet?  I would like to test with you tomorrow after 1:30.  Let me know what works for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Opps, can I scoot you to Thursday? 
 Mark, here are several examples of "Expressions of Interest" that we could use for Questar.  Kim. 
 Yes, I will be there.  I will also bring Paul Y'Barbo.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, FYI, Kim. 
 Deb, I've sent this message on to TK.  She is handling this for our group.  I'll have her call Vernon.  Kim. 
 Thanks for setting this up.  How about the Houston Regulatory group?  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about Friday about 10:00 ro 10:30?  Kim. 
 Do you have open conference rooms on your floor?  If not, we have a great conference room in 1336 that is just for us.  Just let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul, FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Kirk,  I hope to have the revised contract for you late tonight.  Would you like to set up a time that Ron and I can go over it with you by telephone?  How about Monday or Tuesday?   Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Thanks for keeping up with this.  Kim :>) 
 Yes, I will be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lynn,  FYI, Kim. 
 Jerry, I was not able to attend today.  Please let us know if there is anyt= hing out of the ordinary.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I'll be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  Would you be available on Tuesday morning for breakfast?  Otherwise, both Ron and I are available anytime in the morning.  If you had only afternoon available, I can meet with you.  Let me know what works for you.  FYI, I am sending the revised agreement to you today so that you have a chance to review it before we meet.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Are you there?  MSN?  FYI, don't forget Herschel's medicine from your refridgerator and his blood pressure meds.  Also, I have a manicure appt. tomorrow at noon.  The number for Agua Salon is 713 621 6388 if you would like to book one, too.  ILY, K. :>) 
 Steve,  Here it is.  Kim. 
 Linda,  Thank you for your help!  I miss seeing your smiling face.  It's lonely here on the 13th floor.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk, How early are you in on Monday?  I do have two appointments after 5:00, so Monday evening would be difficult for me, but we may be able to swing the late afternoon.  Otherwise, let me know what works for you on Wed or Thurs by phone.  Have a safe travel...  Kim. 
 TK, I think it would be a good idea for you to attend this meeting, also.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Hi Kyle!  I must not have your current office telephone number.  Please send it to me.  I would like to connect up with you this weekend if you are available.  I cleaned all of our closets last week and have the "big load" that I would like to pass on to you for your MANNA collection.  How on earth are you?  I am still sad and overwhelmed from the Sept. 11 tragedy.  I cannot believe we watched that event unfold like that!  These are certainly interesting times....  Call me or email me, I'd like to visist!  Many thanks,  Kim. 
 Kirk,  As per our phone conversation, here is the revised Delivery Point Construction and Operating Agreement.  Please let me know if you will have some time on Monday or Tuesday when you are in Houston and Ron and I can review this with you.  If we don't connect up in person, then let me know if you would like to book a telephone conference call Wednesday, Thursday or Friday.  Have a nice weekend and safe travel to Houston!  Thanks,  Kim 
 Let's discuss this on Monday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi everyone!  Attached, please find the resume of Mark Pickering who is the Chief Technology Officer for Enron Net Works and is the lead candidate for Bruce Stram's replacement on the board.  Please take a moment to review his resume as we will discuss his candidacy for the board this evening.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will meet everyone at Hungry's at 6:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jack,  Do we have another email address for Robert James?  My email to him was undeliverable.  Do you know if he will be at the meeting tonight?  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Would you please handle this.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Looks like we will have to change Steve's 2002 Plan meeting....   Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Katie,  When I talked to Kyle last week I didn't realize that you are still driving into downtown everyday.  I have my trunk loaded with some contributions for MANNA and would like to pass them off to you when it is convenient.  What is your schedule during this week?  I could meet you during lunch or at the end of your day any day this week, whatever you prefer.  Many thanks,  Kim  P.S.  How was Mickey's birthday parties this weekend? 
 Can we meet on Monday?  Perhaps after the TW staff meeting which ends about 3:30 to 3:45.  Kim. 
 TK,  John and I had such a big time at your house Saturday evening!  It was so kind of you to open your incredibly spectacular home to us.  I just love everything that you have done....it is truly lovely.  It was so nice to meet your sisters.  I can imagine that your family reunions are just a hoot!  And the food.....well it was awesome.  Thanks again.  Hope you are feeling better.  Kim and John 
 No problem, it will be nice to visit with him.  K.  PS.  Does this mean that I will be in the back seat of the convertable?  If so, I'm afraid we will have to ride with the top up. 
 Audrey, how about moving the meeting to 8:30?  We will have to leave here by 9:35 or so to get a seat at the employee meeting.  Kim. 
 I agree with you on the Lexus.  I'm not sure we should take it out long distance.  If Gary doesn't mind, that would be great.  ILY, K. 
 Audrey,  I was on vacation Oct. 1-5.  I was here the rest of the pay period.  Thanks, Kim 
 I think that will be fine.  K. 
 Sounds good. K. 
 Danny is sick at home but has OK letter.  Eric wants an offer 10-15MM to insure entry to data room.  I'm OK with 10-12. Kim. 
 2001. 
 Check this out.  K. 
 Shelly, Steve does not know him either.  Kim. 
 Where? 
 FYI, I am in training tomorrow, Wednesday, from 8:00 until noon in the 3 Allen Center.  I can be reached by my cell phone if you need me.  Thanks, Kim. cell 713 416 5059 
 Why don't we try after work?  Just let me know when you are ready to walk out and I will meet you in the lobby.  We can go to your car, drive to mine and then unload.  Thank you so much for being the transportation conduit for MANNA.  Kim :>) 
 You bet, come to EB1336.  K. 
 Did I follow up with you verbally on this?  K. 
 Many, many thanks!  Kim. 
 Lorraine,  I will be in a meeting during this time.  Will you be able to sit in on this and decide if we should participate further for our group?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here it is. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Will you be able to attend this call for our team?  I am in training tomorrow until noon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I've got Thursday booked.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sorry, believe it or not, I do know better.  I was even talking with Lee as it was being faxed so that she could grab it....she was too slow...  I will mend my ways...sorry to make you crazy!  Kim  :>) 
 Thank you!  Kim.  :>) 
 Jodi,  Here is a suggested amendment for our Confidentiality Agreement to allow us to discuss Southern Trails with a potiential partner.  Please feel free to give me a call to discuss.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks for the update!  Kim. 
 FYI,  Kim. 
 I've already been talking to Michael about being on our due diligence team.  We will keep you plugged in as well.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Thanks for the update.  I'm glad that he is off the activity diet and allowed the wheels both big and small.  I'm glad your trip to the big city doc was a pleasant one.  Pediatric docs are truly a special breed.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Ron, how is your calendar tomorrow?  I probably prefer tomorrow over Monday if possible.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul, here is the resume of the gentleman that we will be interviewing tomorrow at 10:30 with Sean and Richard.  Thanks, Kim. 
 It is Friday again.  Bullets, Please - by mid morning.....  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will also be taking vacation on Friday, Stptember, 28.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, KIm. 
 Here they are. 
 Thank you.  Kim. 
 I have it at home or I can get it from Oni.  I'll look for it this weekend.  ILY. K. 
 Lindy, would you please look this over.  I did not see your name on the distribution list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Teb,  Oops, we accidentally left you off this distribution list.  Your presence is most desired.  We hope you can make it.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jim,  Per my conversation with Bob Guthrie, he ask me to add you to our distribution list for the due diligence team.  We hope that you can make it on Monday morning at 10:00am  EB 1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark,  FYI, per a subsequent email from Bob Guthrie ( tax) he has asked us to include Jim Curry on the due diligence team.  I have forwarded this email to Jim Curry.  Also, my error, I missed the Reg Affairs group when I gave you the invite list.  I have forwarded this email to Teb Lokey and left him a voice mail just incase he doesn't see his email prior to 10:00 am on Monday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Has this been corrected?  Please keep Jan informed of any invoice changes.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, just checking to see if you have heard who may be supplying the supply for this plant?  Thanks, Kim. 
 John, I've been out of town this week, but I did want you to know that I received your message.  Fran Fegan is our HR rep and she can help you and Karen coordinate the paperwork.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Have you had any discussion with SWG regarding their Pataya or Red Lake Storage field?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lee,  Well, I'm not crazy, just dumb not to think about looking at all the emails Denise has sent to me.  This is the original language you drafted for me for the Questar amendment.  By the way, I did send them the most recent version you send me which in not as verbose as this version.  Are we still OK?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Have you received your new computer yet?  Kim. 
 Audrey,  Sorry for my tardy reply.  Here are my top 4 votes:  Tues Jan 8 Mon Feb 4 Sat March 16 Thurs April 4  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Would you please take a look at the attached spreadsheet and determine which power plants may be close to our pipeline.  Bill Wood would like us to respond by mid November.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Who in legal have you been working with?  Tracy was wondering when we thought we would receive the money.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kim. 
 Susan,  This meeting for Sun Devil would involve:  Lorraine Lindberg Michelle Lokay Mark McConnell Paul Y'Barbo Kim Watson  Thanks, Kim.  P.S.  Wed looks better than Tues for me.  Thanks, K. 
 Hey Tiny,  Thanks for your voice mail regarding Griffith.  I will scout it out on Monday and let you know if I hear any confirmation of the water supply.  Gee, I hope it's not true.  We are still on for August 8 for our strategy session between Facility Planning and Marketing.  I believe that HR will be sending out the invite.  I thought it would go out this past week, but I'm sure you'll see something early next week.  We will start at 8:00am on the 8th and go until about 7:00 or 8:00pm.  We will be at the Four Seasons Hotel in downtown Houston.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Susan,  also include Steve Harris.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Absolutely!  We will stay in contact with them.  K. 
 Everyone,  Looking for a volunteer to market TW to this new power plant so that they will take the supplies off our pipe.  Any takers?  Kim. 
 Start with Renee Bickerstaff.  K. 
 This meeting conflicts with Steve's staff meeting.  I will join your meeting in progress.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Have you been attending this or is it just NNG?  Kim 
 Thanks!  :>) 
 Thanks for dropping this off.  I'll look at it tonight.  I like the size of my cube, but not the walls!  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kim. 
 Craig,  Can we get together and talk about this?  I was out of town several days last week, and as I look at it now, I want to make sure I understand the questions that Rita is asking and I'm wondering if we need to do something different with the way that we fill out the deal sheet.  Can you help me comb through this?  I'm in the office all next week.  Just let me know when it is convenient for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, KIm. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Will you be having cake to celebrate this incredible event? 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lee, FYI, Kim. 
 Jodi,  Here is a list of items we would like to see in the data room.  Please give us a call so we can discuss.  Thanks for all of your help, Kim 
 Steve, FYI, Lorraine is having her procedure to have intravenous (sp?) antibiotics installed for her sinus problems.  She anticipates being out of the office the week of 11/5 to recover.  Kim. 
 Mike, I'm sorry I accidentally deleted you off the distribution list when I was putting this together and didn't realize it until this morning.  My apologizes.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard,  These summaries are great!  Our desk is starting to get more of a commercial focus on these imbalances.  May I ask you to put a date on the actual spreadsheet?  As I keep them from week to week, I find that I can't always tell which one is the most current summary.  Many thanks and see you in the next Tues. meeting, Kim. 
 Kirk,  No problem.  We will make ourselves available when you are ready.  We are very interested in your progress with the ACC.  Good luck and keep us posted!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks for the reminder.  Ask me when we get home.  K. 
 Audrey, this looks good.  Just to clairify, we will keep the Albq. car from Monday until Wed.  Also, could you confirm a full size car for Roswell since we have a fairly long drive to/from Artesia?  Thanks, Kim. 
 James, Would you take a look at this and let us know what you think.  Thanks, Kim 
 Paul can transact El Paso Permian Cal 02 @ $3.14.  Are you OK to transact? 
 Audrey, here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bob,  Thanks for keeping us posted.  We'll see you when you get back from vacation.  Kim. 
 I think you already know this, but we got $3.145. 
 Jodi,  Here are the people that will be coming to the data room on Monday:  L.D. Stephens - Operations/Team Leader Larry Cambell - Environmental Larry Gleffe - ROW Mike Ames - Pipeline Safety Warren Schick - Property Tax Stephen Dowd - Corp Development Mark McConnell - Marketing Kim Watson - Marketing  We can coordinate our interviews with you on Monday morning.  We look forward to a productive two days with you.  Thank you for all of your help.  Kim. 
 Lee, per my phone mail message.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy and TK, would you guys be available to sit in on this meeting?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I will be in Salt Lake City.   Thanks, Kim. 
 I'm sorry, I havn't loaded this yet.  Have no fear, I will call you.  Many thanks for your persistance!  Kim. 
 Paula,  I am out of town beginning this evening and returning home Tuesday night.  Perhaps we can catch up sometime later this week. It looks like Jim wants to transition out soon.  Have a great week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 2:30 works for me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Danny has provided us with some tickets to the 2002 Olympic Winter Games Reception celebrating the Olympic Torch Relay in Houston today.  We have VIP Seating and tickets to the VIP Area (although I'm not sure what this means).  If you (and your spouse) would like to attend a private reception tonight at 6:30pm at the Renaissance Houston Hotel - 6 Greenway Plaza East (Edloe @ Hwy 59) please let me know.  John and I will be there and we have tickets for two more interested folks.  Also, the Olympic Torch is being run in front of my home, The Spires, tonight between 5:00 and 5:30pm.  You all are welcome to come over and see this event.  I will try to leave the office around 4:15 to head home.  Please let me know if you would like to come, I will give you directions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Would you have some time today or tomorrow to discuss this?  Also, we should rally with Kevin Hyatt to discuss his ideas on Sun Devil and determine if we can use a similar strategy for Trans Pecos.  My calendar is pretty open, just let me know what works for you and I'll coordinate with everyone.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I wanted to see if you were interested in going over to High Fashion (Smith@Elgin) during lunch.  I'm looking for some velvet ribbon to tie our flood salvaged ornaments onto our skinny short Christmas tree.  Kim :>) 
 Count me in!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Ramona,  where will this meeting be.  I've asked that Lindy and TK sit in on this.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Sam, I wanted to catch up with you and see how you are doing.  Are you in?  K. 
 Bill,  Here are the changes to the OBA.  Please review.  Also, please look at para 5(c).  Since this gas will only be a San Juan supply, we deleted the Permian and Anadarko price basins.  So, if the TW San Juan pricing information goes away, I would like to use El Paso San Juan Pricing instead of averaging the other two basins.   Questar is coming in for a late lunch, do you think we can have this ready by then?   Thanks,  Kim. 
 Jan,  Will you be able to attend this meeting today?  I've got a couple of confli= cts in my schedule this afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 3:00 works best for me.  K. 
 Let's catch up tomorrow.  It's been a tough couple of weeks, uh?  K. 
 Kevin, We are looking for the TW logo.  We'll keep you posted.  Kim. 
  I'm trying to message you.....K. 
 Rosemary,  My cell phone number has changed.  It is 713 416 5059.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  We are putting a list together for lost value for all of TW including the Trans Pecos project.  We will get this to you by the end of the day.  If your timing is different than this, please let me know.  Talk to you soon, Kim. 
 All,  Joe is able to meet with us at 10:00 Thursday, December 13 in EB1336 to discuss the OBA language as it relates to our ability to enforce dollar value, cash out and other provisions in the OBA with other intra and interstate pipelines.  Please plan to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  Let's book lunch on the 10th.  Let's talk early that morning to confirm time and flavor of food.  I'm looking forward to it!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Danny,  Per your request, if Red Rock was delayed, it would have a $1.1MM impact for June and a $1.6MM impact for July.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I'm taking vacation on Friday, December 14.   Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Here are the sales that TK did this week.  Thanks for coordinating the bullets!  Kim. 
 Audrey,  Lorraine will be coordinating bullets for me tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rene',  I think a cocktail dress would be wonderful.  I plan to wear something fairly festive myself!  I look forward to seeing you on Sunday!  Kim. 
 Thanks for the reminder.  I'm looking for the list now, I'll bring it over.   K. 
 Paul,  I need your accomplishments ASAP this morning.  Kim. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 TK,  When we get together on Wed for our staff meeting, would you please speak to this to our group.  Please let us know if we need to change our behavior on anything.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark,=20  Let's discuss this. =20  Kim. 
 Mark McConnell's Accomplishments. 
 Michelle Lokay's Accomplishments. 
 Lorraine Lindberg's Accomplishments. 
 TK Lohman's Accomplishments. 
 Kim Watson's Accomplishments. 
 FYI.  Kim. 
 Pilar,  Thank you so much for the wonderful card!  Thanks for thinking of me.  Kim. 
 I will be there!  Sasha,  I did not see TK Lohman or Tracey Geaconne on the distribution list.  Would you please make sure they get an invite.  Also, would you copy Steve Harris on this invitation even though I know he will be out of town on this date.  Thanks for your help.  Kim. 
 Paul and Mark,  Please contact Eastern New Mexico (Mark), Enervest (Mark), Citizens (Mark) and Southern Utes (Paul) to make sure they are aware that they are responsible for making the payments on these contracts since ENA has defaulted.  Also, Paul, please confirm again that ENA is not nominating on their own contracts that make up $129,481 of the delinquent payments.  Please keep Steve and I informed of the status.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I'll be there! 
 Kirk,  Thanks for the note.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you and your family as well.  I look forward to catching up with you in 2002!  Kim. 
 Paula,  Thanks for your note.  I'll give you guys a call around 6:00.  I only need the critical one or two loads and actually, we only need the washing machine since our dryer still works.  Thanks for the kind offer of Chinese, but we've got several gifts to wrap for the office tomorrow so we'd better stay focused.  We truly appreciate your kindness!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Craig,  I'm sorry, I didn't redline this...Please take a look, call me so we can discuss then we can send it back to Tony P. for another review.  Many thanks, Kim.  PS.  We don't want to tender this until they send in a request.  I'm working on that now. 
 Hi Sylvia!  Please use this email as approval for Mark McConnell to have access to the Envision system.  Hope all is well with you.  Have a Happy Holiday!  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Mary D. is looking to send in the I to I filing for the Cal 02 deal this afternoon.  They've got a lot of people out next week and want to file it today.  Let me know if you have concerns. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Audrey, would you please book me a conference room for Wednesday, Aug. 1 from 2:00 to 3:30 for about 4 people.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Please note that the in-service for Red Rock Sta. 1 and 2 are expected June 1.  Sta. 3 is expected June 15.  This is very good news for us.  Kim. 
 FYI. Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I wasn't sure you responded to this yet, but we are in Hong Kong the weekend of Feb. 15.  Let's not forget to talk to Valentina (sp?) tonight at JFF.  ILY, K. 
 Bill,  I've made a couple of changes related to ENA having two contracts that we want to market via this method.  Please check my comments and look to see if any of the other language needs to be changed for the additional agreement.  The letter looks great to me.  Thanks for all of your help on this.  Once we hear back from you, we will tender to ENA for their execution so we can proceed forward in selling this capacity.  Thanks, Kim. 
 We are drafting a letter to Sid Rich for their non-payment of $1.6 MM Nov. invoice.  You will find the letter in your email.  TK has water-dropped Sid Rich that a letter is coming this afternoon.  Kim. 
 Jodi,  Here is the electronic OBA agreement.  Happy New Year.  Kim. 
 I would like us all to attend this meeting.  Please let me know if you have a conflict.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  This make sense to me, but please make sure you are OK with the final position now reflected in the Caminus system.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hey guys (or actually for our current group, girls),  Let's plan on getting together on Wednesday, Aug. 1 from 2:00 to 3:30 in EB4180.  The following is a list of things that we need to discuss and they are in no particular order of priority.  To the extent that each of you could volunteer to come with some or all of the information on the following items, it will expedite our discussion (just let me know that you would like to begin pulling this information) :  Price Spreads for ROFR contracts to articulate our resubscription strategy. Imbalances on OBA's Analysis of I to I spreads.  -  Review past fixed rate transport deals and compare to the historical spreads.  Would we have made more money?  Is it reasonable to carve out a percentage of our capacity portfolio and always sell on an I to I rate? Update Map - coordinate with Darrell, Facility Planning and NNG. West Texas Leg - discussion on our preparation for the Facility Planning/Marketing Strategy Meeting. Arizona Strategy - including Sun Devil. Pooling. Analysis of our business sold and utilized.  FT, Alt. Points, IT and contracts sold for specifically for flexible delivery points. (On this item, we can discuss the type of analysis we would like to look at in our staff meeting prior to pulling any information) Weekend on call schedule - update Phones Update - replacement for Jeff's position. Frequency of our staff meeting. Industry Conferences Vacation Schedules   Also, please let me know of additional items that you would like to have discussed in our staff meeting.  I would be happy to include them.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dan,  Thank you for the great card.  I hope all is well with you.  What are you doing now?  Are you still commuting to California?  Are you working for someone in Houston?  ENE is up today to $0.63.  Gosh, it still feels like we've got the decimal point in the wrong place with our stock.  Just heartbreaking.  Oh well, I'm glad 2002 is here.  This will be a better year for all!  Keep in touch!  Happy New Year to you and your family!  Kim. 
 J,  I don't have a problem committing to Italy and purchasing airfare when it makes $ sense with the thought that we can always cancell just like we did in Sept.  I don't worry too much about having to cancell, but I think a lot will shake out over the next 6-8 weeks here at 1400 Smith.  I'll keep working Dot to see if she and Tom are willing to commit to a spring vs. fall timeframe.  I suspect Janell and Dennis will be no go for anytime in 02.  If Dot and Tom are game then we can talk with D & T and P & J about meeting Jane and Barry to make our party and even 8.  If Dot and Tom are not available to go, I'm more comfortable just making the traveling party a foursome.  Have a great day!  ILY, K. 
 Jim,  We would like to call you at 1:30 today to discuss the Sid Rich payment for Nov. business.  Are you available?  We'll call you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Come on down to 13.  We'll be in 1336. 
 Mark,  Will Maria or Dorothy be able to attend and provide their historical knowledge?  I've got it booked on my calendar.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Can you bring Martha's laptop back to the office?  I had originally told her we only needed it while you were out with your sinus surgery.  I'd like to go ahead and return it to her.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Please plan to attend a meeting on Monday, January, 7 from 3:30pm to 4:00pm in EB49C1 to discuss the Trans Pecos Project.  Thanks, Kim. 
 No, I was not aware of this.  Thanks for taking the lead on this, please le= t me know if you need my assistance. =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, the 1:30 is the prep meeting to the 3:30 Stan meeting.  Danny wants us to look at project financing vs. MLP.  If you get a chance, call me Monday when you get back in the office and we can discuss a little further.  Happy New Year.  Kim. 
 Glen,  Are you familiar with this organization?  Do we normally participate?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sasha,  Great, sorry, I didn't see the scroll bar.  Thanks!  If you would just coordinate an assortment of pizza's, that would be great.  I believe Morgan may have a couple of people in his group who are vegetarians, so we should keep this in mind when making some of the selections.  I would order plenty for our hearty crowd, someone could always take the leftovers home and eat it for breakfast the next morning!  Also, will the Mad Potter provide the wine, beer and soft drinks?  Is there anything else that you can think of?  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, FYI, let me know if you think otherwise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will check.  We are in 49C1 which is a very large conference room and I'm thinking the phone is off to the side by some side chairs and may not have a long enough cord to stretch to the table.  I will inspect and keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim . 
 Audrey will be in for only a bit this morning.  Please send me bullets by 10:00am.  Thanks, Kim. 
 No problem!  Have a great day!  Kim.  :>) 
 Audrey,  here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 The MLP discussions have been on using Northern Border.  Regarding KMI, Mark and I met with them before Xmas to see where they were on the rate.  They have not presented anything to their management team for approval beyond our original proposal.  I believe that Stan is looking for the status of the game plan.  We are looking to lay out the game plan on how we would finance the project(if we project finance I think Stan and Danny are looking at securing enough money at the same time to do the Sun Devil, Trans Pecos and PG&E 20 mile line all together), define what the project return requirement is, determine the comfort factor of the project costs, staying in concert with KMI and making the final proposal to Pemex.  I will make myself available at your convenience on Monday morning to discuss.  Have a great weekend.  Kim. 
 Please read.  Can we schedule a conference call time with Gaylen on Monday?  Kim. 
 I need help on "WUFBR, SMATB"  -------Forget bring refreshments?....Sunday morning?......  K. 
 Happy New Year, Gaylen!  Would you be available on Monday at 11:00am (CST) to discuss?  I am routing the OBA to the key departments for comments.  I should have the language for the IT agreement finalized late today or Monday morning.  I hope to send it to you and we can discuss in our phone call.  Let me know if this works for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sasha,  I forgot one thing.  Let Morgan and I know if you get any declines for our session.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  We need an earlier time on Monday to have the prep meeting for Trans Pecos (it is currently scheduled for 1:30).  Can you tell me what Danny's calendar looks like?  Our meeting with Stan is at 3:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 We have a floor meeting with Stan on Monday at 1:30 to discuss the Dynegy deal.  See announcement below.  Kim. 
 Gaylen,  Ron will be with me, so we will have to go to a conference room as well.  I'll let you know our phone number Monday morning.  Thanks and have a great weekend!  Kim. 
 Kevin,  Due to Stan's floor meeting at 1:30, are you available at 11:00 to prep for the 3:30 Trans Pecos meeting?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Are you familiar with this?  Kim. 
 Cindy,  I believe that James Centilli will also be attending this meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Let's meeting in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Due to the 1:30 floor meeting with Stan, our prep meeting for the Trans Pecos project is changed to today, Monday, January 7 at 11:00am in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 When do we break bread with Art and Donna? 
 I've not seen this, but I would like a copy of the article when you locate it.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bill,  To get hard to find tickets, go to the Plaza Hotel (borders Central Park near FAO Schwartz) entering through the front door, proceed ahead around the big lobby/tea area around to the right and find a woman in a closet sized booth (literally a closet).  Cast members turn tickets over to her to sell that they are given for their shows.  She is completely independent from the hotel and I'm sure she pays huge rent for the tiny space that she has.  They are always wonderful seats to and usually run around $100+ for each ticket.  It is always a worth-it splurge if it is for a play you want to see.  I used to have her card, but it is long gone by now.  You might be able to call the Plaza and inquire as to her name and number and call ahead.  Otherwise, just stop in as soon as you get in town.  Rent is OK, but if this is your first and maybe only trip to NYC for a while, I would certainly recommend seeing other plays first .  I agree with John, your best hotel bet is the Marriott Marquis, which is very nice for a Marriott and the location is the best.  Don't forget to eat lox and a bagel for breakfast!  Keep us posted.  Kim. 
 Good Morning Kirk,  I hope you had a nice weekend.  I have been working on the Interconnect Agreement for the Big Sandy Project and I would like to schedule some time for a telephone conference with you as I have a few "blanks" in the Interconnect Agreement that I would like to discuss with you so that our draft is as complete as it can be.  Would you have some time on Tuesday AM or Wednesday AM?  I would also be available on Thursday 2:00-3:00pm.  I'm thinking we need about a half an hour.  Also, I can update you on the remaining capacity on our Red  Rock Expansion which could be used to serve the plant.  Thanks, Kim. 713-853-3098. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  This just came in from Gary Sova.  FYI, Kim. 
 To All,  Please send me bullets by lunchtime on Thursday so I can give them to Steve by the afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I need to take our cat to the vet tomorrow morning (Tuesday), so I may be a little late---approximately 8:30am.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jodi,  Here is the language for the IT agreement.  We will need for you to send in a formal request form for IT service so that we tender this officially.  We can chat about this in the morning.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Here is the final spreadsheet that does tie back to the right dollar amount of $757,885.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Thanks for the update.  Even though last week there were no translated financial statements for MGI, I'm glad that they have them now and will be sending them to you.  Jorge and I are scheduled to talk tomorrow morning to discuss the rate.  I will keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jo,   Here it is.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Ron,  John would like to know what our HP is at these units and what type of units are they?  What is the age of the equipment?  Is this something we would be willing to share?  I told him that our run time on these units was less than 1,000 hours.  If we are OK sharing this info, would you either call him or email this to him.  If we don't want to share, just let me know and I would be happy to call him and let him know.  Thanks, Kim.  John Davis' phone number is 281-610-1333, his email is john.davis5@worldnet.att.net 
 This looks good to me.  Question:  Is there a tax/CIAC issue with Citizens reimbursing us for this change?  Will there be an addition to our property accounting records to reflect  a change to a pressure control system?  Because it's only $5,000, there may not be an issue, but I just wanted to check.  Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, the Risk Management and Reporting was allocated to TW for all 12 months of 2001.  However, since I came back to TW in May, Lee Ferrell left Enron in June and Sean and Richard moved to Jo's RC in November, the 15% number dwindled during the latter part of the year.  Martha and Bobby were the only ones in this RC that were part of this allocation all 12 months.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK can sell Feb-Dec to Sid Rich for $2.27.  Or  sell remaining Jan, Feb and March for $2.01.  We can sell 10,000 for Feb/March.  We can look at only selling 5,000 for rest of year, leaving 5,000 to catch upside(or downside).  We need to at least sell Feb/March before 1:00pm AGA report today.  Are you OK with this? 
 John,  Congratulations on your new responsibilities!   Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.  Good Luck!  Kim. 
 Steve,  James re-ran Trans Pecos with the following:  Term:  20 years Rate:  $0.261 Volume:  240,000 MMBtu/d Cost:  $130.274MM (Without cost of NNG I/C and over-run up to $143.9MM) then ROE: 12.38%  If Cost is capped at $130.274 (no over-run), then ROE is 15.25%  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Term:  15 Years Rate:  $0.261 Volume:  240,000 MMBtu/d Cost:  $130.27 (Without cost of NNG I/C and over-run up to $143.9MM) then ROE:  10.82%  If Cost is capped at $130.274 (no over-run), then ROE is 13.8%  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Let's discuss tomorrow morning.    Kim. 
 Steve,  Yes, we are already putting a list together and inviting customers.  We are primarily concentrating on the Houston and Dallas customers.  We'll get the RSVP list together in the next day or two.  Let us know if you have an invite, we do not have all the tickets spoken for at this time.  Michelle has organized dinner for us at Farrago (corner of West Gray and Brazos) after the show.  They are setting up a large table in the back of the restaurant for us.  Kim. 
 Rod,  Thanks for your comments.  They will be incorporated into the next draft that I route.  I expect to hear from Jorge tomorrow regarding their thoughts on the proposed rate.  I'll keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI,   Kevin Hyatt left me a voicemail last night when he found out about t= his open season for a new storage facility.  Let's discuss after everyone h= as a chance to review.=20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, we did see this, thank you.  TW plans to be at the informational meeting in Houston next week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Looks fine.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  These look fabulous!  Thanks, I'll let you know when I cook them!  Kim  :>) 
 Bullets, please! 
 This is so true!  Thanks, Kim.  :>) 
 Audrey,  I am waiting on Mark, Michelle and TK.  They are working on them.  I'll have them to you ASAP.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 No problem.  Thanks, K. 
  All,  We are still working on all the details of the proposed interconnect with Questar Southern Trails in the Blanco Hub and will send you a copy soon for your review.  Since the interconnect is fully reimbursable, Questar is proposing to pay us according to the attached payment schedule vs. paying all of it up front.  Please take a look at this attached schedule and provide me you comments.  If we allow them to pay "along the way" I am interested in making sure it at least matches the timing of our cash outlay of building the interconnect.  The total estimate of $702,000 includes the tax gross up, which may or may not be applicable, so each of these amount may be reduced by the tax amount.   Does anyone have any concerns with the timing of the payment schedule?  Thanks, Kim. X33098 
 We will meet after the morning meeting tomorrow to discuss these imbalances with Market Services.  If you are available, please plan to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tracey,  I received a phone call yesterday from  Mika Aswell (spelling?) from Lea County, NM.  Her county office has received a check from Transwestern and she does not know how to apply it.  Here is what we know:  Amount:	$7.36 Check Date:  	December 17, 2001 Invoice Date:	1-1-2001	#676-3004-0 Voucher:	0100001479 Purchase Order:	A60KD13882  Mika's phone number is (505)396-8534.  Can you please track this down and tell me or Mika how to apply this money.  Many thanks, Kim X33098 
 I believe it will be Questar Southern Trails.  I'll confirm this for you.  Kim. 
 Thanks Morris!  Will you guys be able to call Mika Aswell and let her know your results?  Thanks, have a great weekend.  Kim. 
 Hi Sherri,  Well, your ears must have been burning.  I have been thinking about you this week.  Gee, a lot has happened since we last spoke.  I'm still here.  We are very busy on Transwestern.  I would love to catch up with you, are you available by phone sometime next week?  My calendar looks pretty open next Tues, Wed or Fri.  I look forward to visiting with you soon.  Kim  P.S.  Martha is still here, also.  She is with the Northern Natural side, I'm with Transwestern. 
 Thank you, Amy for checking this out for us.  Have a great weekend.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Steve,  Early this week I asked Jo for a rate and the size of volume (looking for the max volume)  we could have for transportation on NNG from WT to PH(NNG/TW Gray).  I've got a couple of follow-up calls into her, but she has not gotten back to me yet.  I hope to have a response from her before we meet with Mike Stage on Tuesday.  I'll keep you posted.  Kim. 
 Looks like their new name?  ......Global.....Transportation.....BBBBB??? bucket, bag, banner? 
 Let's meet after the staff meeting today to discuss carving out existing capacity for June 1 as well as what, if anything, we say to the shippers for now.  Lorraine, would you please bring the volume needed for Red Rock contracts for June and July.  If we carve out existing capacity, we still may not have enough for al of them without prorating.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Several of us in our shop are going.  We are splitting up between Wed and Thursday.  Kevin is going on Thursday.  Kim. 
 Privileged and Confidential Spreadsheet Mavrix 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Thanks, Lynn.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Julie, I currently do not utilize LIM on my desktop, however; in light of the changes with NNG/Dynegy, I believe that someone in my shop should have access to LIM.  We had been currently utilizing Kay Treat and Sean Bolks for LIM information.  Should we coordinate with you?  Please advise.  Kim. 
 Hi JB,  I just wanted to follow up with you.  I have not seen the invoice for the work that you guys did on the new interconnect.  I'm concerned I may not be getting all my mail.  Have you sent it yet?  Just checking.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  Lorna, Kay and Sean, will not be available as a resource to me starting February 1 because of the Dynegy situation.  Will need our own access.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 All,  FYI----Kim. 
 Audrey,  I have no off duty time to report for this period.  Thanks, Kim. 
 If TK has access, that is all we need.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jo, I wanted to follow up with you on the O&M charges and transportation capacity from Halley to Gray.  Do you have some telephone time available soon?  I'm available late today after 4:00 or tomorrow before 10:30 or from 1:30-3:00 or Wed anytime pm.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  I just wanted to let you know that I have been playing telephone tag with a couple of the Questar folks.  For the most part, they were out of the office several days during the last two weeks (of course I was out of pocket a couple days, too) .  I've left another message with Gary Schmitt, who apparently is out of town yesterday and today, but I did hear from Mary Kay Olson, who was also in our office when Gary came in several weeks ago.  Mary Kay is tracking down the status of the Western Leg information that Kevin requested.  I also let her know that we are interested in the Eastern Leg as well.  She will begin pulling that information together, too.  I expect to hear from her either later today or tomorrow with a status and timing of the data.  She will also connect up with Gary when she sees him.  I will keep you posted as I hear more information.  Also, Jodi Starley (who is also in the Questar Marketing department), is looking for me to begin the Interconnect Agreement for the San Juan Hub connect with Southern Trails .  Do you have a problem if I begin the paperwork, however, I have several other Interconnect Agreements that are higher priority at this time and it may take a while to get to this one?  I recognize that this is a delicate balance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Will you handle this?  Thanks, KIm. 
 Jo, Let's talk on Wednesday at 3:00.  I can call you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  I know that we are meeting with Mike Stage and group tomorrow at 3:00.  I've been trying to talk with Jo and will do so this Wednesday regarding transportation on the KB line to NNG/TW Gray.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Yes, 9:00am on Thursday will work fine.  Also, just FYI, Transwestern is off on a holiday, Monday, January, 21 for Martin Luther King day.  Talk to you Thursday,  Thanks, Kim.  :>) 
 Great job, TK!      :>)        Kim. 
 Gina,  I like it.  I think it is very nice.  I know that employees will be glad to see this finally announced.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Given that the first week of Dec was the bankruptcy filing, I don't show any lunches out during this week.  I don't believe it was me.  Can you tell by the price how many people may have been at lunch? 
 Jo,  FYI, Kim. 
 TK,  Do we have a plan to transfer all the PNR activity to the TW team for Feb 1?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I took 1/2 day vacation on Friday, July 20.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, We'll keep you posted as the responsibility for this changes.   Kim 
 FYI, Kim. 
 You are so fast!  Many thanks!  Kim   :>) 
 Please remember that we are meeting at 3:00 pm today in EB 1336 to talk about the weekend flows.  Also, at this time let's discuss more of the details of how we want to operate our own meeting starting next Tuesday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, you are more than welcome to join us for this meeting or sit in our new 8:00am meetings starting Tuesday, Jan 22 in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bullets, please!!! 
 Here they are,  Thanks, Kim. 
 Good catch!  Thanks, Kim. :>) 
 Tiny,  I wanted you to know that I am putting a "check in the mail" to you (and made out to you) in the amount of $50 to be used toward the gift for Rich.  The money is from: TK Lohman - $20 Mark McConnell - $10 Kim Watson - $20  I apologize I didn't get it in the mail earlier this week, but everyday seemed to be a Monday for me this week.  If you have Rich's home address, I would love to send him a note.  Thanks for coordinating this!  Kim 
 Definitely not me.  I would have charged a lot more than this!  Ha!  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Audrey, this is good to book!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bill,  This looks good.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here are the weekend flow levels.  FYI, Kim. 
 Dennis, can we talk about this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dennis,  What are your thoughts on this request?  I'm not even sure that our map department exists because of December 3.  If we respond to her request, we may want someone at an officer level at the Navajo Nation to request this data and then send it directly to the officer.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bruce and Dave,  For your review and input, here is the latest version of the LOI for Pemex.  Mark and I will come over this afternoon and spend just 15-20 minutes with you and walk you through some of our thoughts.  Thanks,  Kim and Mark 
 Steve,  Well, TK celebrated 20 years with Enron on January 11.  I did talk with Fran about the status of service awards, and of course, they were suspended in December.  Fran said that they are having discussions about what to do in the future.  It may be a while before this program gets reinstated (if at all).  Until it does, may we go ahead and plan a lunch or something nice for TK?  Kim 
 Kevin,  For Trans Pecos, we have a couple of slides with a fact sheet prepared that we used in the presentation with Stan a couple of weeks ago.  Would you like those or are you looking for a 2-3 page narrative?  I'd be happy to provide either.   What is the time frame - how quick?  Kim. 
 I will send the fact sheet now.  However, I am happy to create whatever you need to help get this money.  I'll send it under separate cover. 
 Kevin,  Per your request, here is some basic information on Trans Pecos.  Please let us know if you need additional information or prefer it in a different format.    Thanks, Kim. 
 Ranelle,  Does this mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we previously were limited to on PNM?  I'm very glad that this passed.  Thank you for your help!  Kim. 
 Would you please send me your bullets by the end of today (before we leave for the Cirque show).  Thanks, Kim. 
 yes, K. 
 Any luck connecting up with the ENA folks on the capacity release for February?  Kim. 
 looks good. 
 Hi Bill,  Have you had a chance to review the OBA that Questar sent us?  If you have time later today, we could get together and discuss.  Thanks, Kim. 
 If you need assistance, please let me know.  I know Ruth, she actually worked in our group a couple of years ago.  Do you think we'll get an answer so we can sell before bid week ends for Feb business?  Kim. 
 Please plan to attend a TW analysis meeting tomorrow morning, Friday, January 25 from 9:00am to 11:00am in EB1336.  Richard and Sean will share the results from their detailed analysis of TW.  Thanks, Kim. 
 All,  Please review and call your customers if they have not paid their invoice.  Keep Market Services plugged into your conversations with the customer.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Bobby,  Thanks for your help on this.  Let's talk early next week to see where you are on this and whether or not you will have to implement the interim plan.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 I can come, but I will be about 15 minutes late due to our weekly Gas Control meeting at 3:00pm.  I'm happy to join up with you in progress.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Greg and Maria,  FYI.  Here is a report for the July Capacity Releases on TW.  PG&E, Sempra and Texaco all released on an Index to Index spread and are above max rate.  Elizabeth has the history of TW Capacity Releases if you think it might help in the preparation of our strategy for negotiated rates.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here they are: 
 FYI, Kim. 
 1:00pm today is fine. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Darrell,  I like to see the weekend flows.  This is great.  Thanks.  Would you please add Michelle Lokay to this distribution list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie,  I would like the tickets for Thursday, Feb. 28. for Clint Black and Lisa Hartman Black.  What's the difference between section 748a and section 458?  Many thanks!  Kim. 
 Bruce and Dave,  Here are some of our comments to amend the KMI/TW letter agreement for dates listed in the agreement.  Please review and lets discuss tomorrow morning.  We are putting together a timeline for all of the various things that need to happen which will help us both determine the new dates to put in the letter.  We'll send this to you as soon as we are finish.  Do you have any comments on the Pemex letter agreement?  Thanks,  Kim and Mark. 
 Mansoor, I can make either time work, my preference would probably be Wed 1:30-3:00 if given a choice.  Would you like for all of Marketing to be there or would you prefer to keep it small with just Michelle and me?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I can make myself availble for this meeting.  Can we discuss either later today or tomorrow for a  pre-meeting?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Well, I spoke too soon.  I just got word of another meeting that I need to attend Wed at 1:30.  My preference now is Tuesday from 9:00-10:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Ramona,  Gosh, something always seems to come up every year that we want to make a change to our existing systems.  Lindy will be back tomorrow and I will discuss this with her.  We are evaluating how we currently administer and market pools.  If we decide to make a change I suspect that it may require a system change, but it is too early to make a decision just yet. I also think that we should think about how to link EOL transactions through the entire contracting process.  I know that NNG is probably a little further on this than we are, but it is reasonable to think we should have this ready for us next year.  I will continue to ponder this and discuss this with Lindy upon her return tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mansoor,  I've got it booked.  Who else from our shop would you like to see attend also?  Kim. 
 does that mean just me? 
 Audrey,  Please send about 6 maps the contact below.  Thanks, Kim. 
 All,  Please take a look at the spreadsheet, call your customers regarding these outstanding amounts and keep Market Services in the loop of your conversations.  Please let me know of anything unusual.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Dot,  Well, we've been talking about Italy again.  We are looking at leaving late May, like Friday, May 24 (so we can scoop in Memorial Day) and returning to Houston on Sunday, June 9.  We are pricing fares now.  Continental has them posted on their website at $1,100-$1,200.  I will also check with Alliance Travel Agency (formerly Travel Agency in the Park) to see what they may be able to do for us.  Can you and Tom swing these dates?  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How quickly? 
 Do you have your resume together?  Any leads? 
 Rudy,  I am so glad that you have landed!  Thank you so much for the phone mail message you left me.  I would love to schedule lunch with you in the next couple of weeks to see how you are doing.  We'll grab Martha, too.  Congratulations!!  Kim. 
 I work for Transwestern Pipeline at Enron and I would like to have an ID and password to use Clicktrip.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim Watson 
 Jeff,  I am looking for the person who paid for my wine last Friday evening.  Lorraine says it was not her, so I'm suspecting that it was you.  Needless to say, I left without paying and what is worse, I didn't even think of it until I got home that night after dinner with John.  Where you the kind and unknowing one that floated my loan?  Also, I've been thinking about Paris and London.  Would a week night or weekend night be better for you/Lisa and John/I to get together for a brain, map and book transfer session.  If you have a date that works for you guys over the next few weeks, throw it out and we'll get something on the calendar.  Thanks, Kim.  P.S.  What is Lisa's email address?  I'd like to send her a note. 
 Michelle,  Was this the company you just took derivatives class from?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FyI, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here is another request for maps, however, I am thinking that I sent this person to you yesterday.  If this is repeat request, please disregard.  If not, please handle.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Do you want to pre-meet?  Are we still scheduled to meet tomorrow at 1:30?  Location? 
 Jan, would you make 5 copies of the power point slide.  I'll print out the word documents.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Jan and I will print out 5 copies of each of these.  FYI, for your files.  Kim. 
 Yes, this would be fine.  Please stop by and mark your day(s) on the calendar that is pinned up on my wall.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Julie, it looks like a slip of the finger on Roger Hayes vs. Robert Hayes.  FYI, K. :>) 
 I checked with our Travel Agency and they cannot secure cheaper tickets than what we are seeing on the internet.  It looks like $1,100 - $1,200 is about the price for the Houston to Rome roundtrip.  FYI, Kim. 
 James,  Would you please send Kevin Howard the email version of the economics for Trans Pecos and copy me.  Kevin is working with ArcLight as a potential equity investor for our portion of Trans Pecos.  Please let me know if you have additional questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I have no off duty time to report.  I've been here.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Donna and I are working on the floor plan.  We have you slotted to move with us (although we don't know exactly where yet), but we were not sure if we needed to make space for anyone else that works for you.  An assistant?  Davis Thames?  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Here is the pricing information on the DTN feed.  I recommend that we sign a 3 year agreement so the initial fee of $1,000 will be waived.  The minimum DTN fee is $500 monthly (for up to 25 users) plus $60 monthly for the 1st user and $12 monthly for users 2-25.  Do you want to see the real-time feeds?  It looks like the total monthly fee will be $620 for six users.  Please let me know if you have any concerns, otherwise, we will implement ASAP.  Also, there will be no additional cost to have this on the 13 floor and move it to our final destination (there used to be a large fee for moving locations).  Kim. 
 Thanks, we'll make room for the three of you.  We are looking at moving either to 39 or 44.  We have tentative floor plans for both.  When the floor decision has been made, we'll come to you for your consensus on the placement of your three slots.  We'll be back with you soon, I hope.  :>)  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, please see Elizabeth's note below for purposes of checking the invoices tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, This looks good to me, but I defer to you for further comments.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark and Mark,  We approve the costs to get real-time DTN feeds.  We would like to sign up for a 3 year agreement so that the $1,000 fee is waived.  We will have seven primary users right now:  Harris, Steven Lohman, TK Lindberg, Lorraine Lokay, Michelle McConnell, Mark Y'barbo, Paul Watson, Kimberly  Thanks for all of your help on this.  Please let me know when real-time pricing can be installed.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Jeff,  John and I are also good to go for tonight.  We are open on flavors of food.  Some things that come to mind off the top of my head are:  Raven Grill, Goode Company (Mexican or BBQ).....I'm trying to think of some place that we could have drinks, beer or wine....we are completely open.  Any thoughts on some place close to your neighborhood?  John and I were planning on meeting at the house to join up.  I'll bring the maps/books etc.  Does 6:00pm sound OK?  Kim. 
 FYI , Kim. 
 OK.  BTW, when did you tell me your MGMA meeting was in Sept.  Is this when we will go to Utah?  What city will we fly in and out of?  Kim. 
 Bullets, please. 
 Vince,  I'm so glad that you can recommend him for our commercial job.  He has some skill sets that our department is shy on.  In fact, I am bringing him back for my boss, Steve Harris, to interview.  I too, think that he would be a good fit.  By the way, Krishna and Seksan have been very helpful in coordinating some technical analysis of California prices.  We appreciate the support and certainly enjoy working with your group.  Perhaps you, Krishna and I can book a lunch together in mid to late August and catch up on the business issues.  Thanks, Kim. 
 thanks for the heads up.  Please mention in Steve's staff meeting on Monday. 
 All of these sound great.  Why don't you pick one.  We like all of these places.  Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Would you please write up a full description of