 All of our producers have cut us off, and I hate to try and get them in a deal with us because I don't know if they will get paid.  I would talk to Lee at BR, I know he is under water with the Canadian Hunter acquisition.  You would be a major star at Hanover, any interest?  I think I would talk to Kinder Morgan.  They have a lot of projects on the books, as well as Calpine.  They really need gas help.  Good Luck and stay in touch. 
 Thursday would be great. 
 Actually I don't have your number. 
 What are the cost per trade? 
 Haven't heard form you in awhile.  Thought you might find this funny. 
 This is still rough, but it is a little better. 
 Don't tell her I sent you this. 
 You scare me! 
 Get to work on thursday. 
 I bought in today I think that we are very near the bottom.  Mid-teens has to be a good buy.  Famous last words! 
 I won't be available from2:00 to 2:45 mountain time 
  Worsley, you might even be able to find a woman with this kind of service.  Or if you prefer I hear they have some cute goats. 
 Reminds of the old TLC days. 
  May have to reschedule until the end of next week to bring Bruce to Houston.  What does Thurs/Friday of next week look like. 
 We are reviewing the security tapes today.  The tape doesn't lie!  303-575-6473 
 Could you check this out?  It should be on my Mastercard 
 Can we meet next Tuesday on October 30th?  Afternoon is prefferable. 
 I will start to get you some good ones. 
 If you have  a minute, give us an update.  We just want to protect our customers ASAP if we can.  We would like to set up alternative purchasers for our producers. 
 I told Alicia that she and the kids are eating way too much!  She told me that her Oils business is really taking off!  I think she may need to start turning tricks! 
 No I am delerious because I am too poor to eat.  It should be Lost Creek. 
 I would like to see you get on the Denver 1/2 day schedule.  Any 12 hours you choose from 6:00 A. M. to 8:00 P.M. 
  Sue, Just wanted to let you know that we filed comments in support of Xcel's ability to manage price risk and be incentivized to do so.  If you have questions about our comments, give me a call.  303-575-6473  Thanks, Mark 
  These are draft versions of the interruptible purchase agreement and confirm for your gas into Fort Union.  Think about what you what to do for term, volume etc.  We will then add in the gathering charges.  We are pretty flexible, so let me know what works for Patina.  Thanks,  Mark 
  Brian,  I propose that we use the attached contracts for the bridge between our two term deals.  Mark 
 It works for me.  Steve, would that be possible for you? 
 What is your fax number?  I will send you the project summary. 
 I have to go to the management meeting in San Antonio on the afternoon of the 14th.  Would it be possible to meet in Denver on the morning of the 14th? 
 Would Nov. 1 or 2 work for either of you?  Email me your fax number and I will fax you a copy of what the developers have given me.  Thanks 
 We wre downgraded today and will probably go bankrupt in the next two days.  You should probably not come in tomorrow.  You can if you want but you may not get paid.  Call me. 303-575-6473. 
 Plain vanilla intervention is fine. 
 We are going to do a month to month interupptible purchase agreement with Patina Oil and Gas.  The gas will be delivered into Lost Creek.  The price will be Gas Daily Cig Midpoint index flat.  The flows will vary daily depending upon well production.  I am not sure if we have an interruptible purchase agreement with Kennedyl  Did Paul ask you to put together a wellhead purchase for Huber in the Powder River Basin? 
 What time are you meeting today?  Do you want me to participate? 
 No changes to mine. 
 ENA and Crestone (Northern Border's non-regulated affiliate) met with a group of developers and Joe Meyer, Secretary of State in Wyoming, who have proposed to build a 200 MW power plant (expandable to 500 MW) in the Powder River basin of Wyoming.  Their "angle" is that the existing utility, Powder River Electric Coop, cannot meet the demand for electricity and the necessary distribution infrastructure to maintain the pace of development in the Coal Bed Methane BOOM that is happening in the basin.  As you may or may not know, Enron has been very involved in this Coal Bed Methane play since 1998.  ENA is the largest purchaser of 3rd party gas in the basin and Crestone is the largest non-producer gathering company in the basin.  Crestone has a gathering trunkline located near their proposed site.  The developers will be filing a petition to remove this area from the COOP's certificated territory in the next couple of weeks.  There are obviously regulatory issues revolving around their ability to gain access to this "retail" market and the project would not be economically feasible as a merchant plant in the wholesale market.  However, they seem to have some political backing.  These developers recognize that they need Enron's assistance in developing this project on three main fronts:  1.  Power Marketing and Project development 2.  Gas Supplies and Pipeline access 3.  Regulatory and Transmission expertise  Given the fact that Joe Meyer is the early favorite to be the next Wyoming Governor and we are trying to work well with the State of Wyoming, and we have a natural competitive advantage in this market from a gas supply and pipeline perspective, I would like to pursue this opportunity a little further.  Therefore, I am wondering if I could get a Sr. Commercial Power Representative and a Regulatory Representative (Steve Walton would be good since he will be on the Wyoming Energy Commission), to attend a meeting in Denver with myself and the Crestone representatives sometime in the next 2 weeks.  Please give me a call and I can elaborate on the opportunity or answer your questions.  I don't want to make this email a novel!  Thanks a lot.  303-575-6473 
 Let's set something up for monday 
   I only added one line, otherwise it looks good. 
 I wish I was that smart! 
 I can show you what the difference is between Cheyenne Hub daily prices and CIG first of the month index prices, but that is kind of like apples and oranges.  To clarify, you do not have to buy on Enron Online (EOL), we can quote you physical prices over the phone and you can use EOL for price discovery.  You do not have to decide that now.  My recommendation is the attached:   Major changes are:  Volume - 20,000 mmbtu/d Price - Gas Daily Cheyenne Midpoint plus $.05 Demand Charge- $6,000 per month  In addition. Enron will provide market based pricing for additional volumes above 20,000 mmbtu  All of this is of course subject to negotiation of the appropriate contracts and Enron's review of the PSCo transportation contract.  Let me know what you think. 
 No problem 
 The following customers are currently covered by Fred Lagrasta's middle market desk primarily for derivative transactions.  In all cases except for Hallwood, ENA Denver has a relationship with these customers that primarily covers their physical business, we would like to expand that business to cover their Derivative business as well.  The list is based on priority.  We would be willing to cover them for their West Gas business only.  Fred could continue to cover their East, Central and Oil/Liquids business.  Xcel Energy (PSCo) and affiliate e Prime. Devon Energy Cross Timbers Hallwood Energy Forest Oil Prima Patina Oil and Gas Westport 
 Those dates are fine.  Of course I am sending this to you on the morning of the 19th so maybe you are already here.  I will be your contact.  We are at 1200 17th St. Suite 2750.  the office is  in the process of being subdivided so it will be easiest if you come by and I show you what we are doing.  Call me if you need anything at 303-575-6473. 
 The only thing we need to make sure we are covered on is all the Huber purchases in the Powder River will be starting on Dec 1.  They could be quite involved.  So let's make sure we are ready, especially if you are out. 
  Please put together your vacation schedules for the rest of the year and forward to Heidi by 10/25/01.  Heidi, please organize these into one summary and let me see them before they go to Barry. 
 Here is an opportunity to get a box for one of the games.  Detroit on Feb 4th would be great!  That is a Monday.  If you and Kim wanted to you could come up and ski that weekend prior.  Let me know what you think. 
  Could you have someone draft an interruptible purchase agreement for Pioneer Oil.  I will forward you the address. 
  This is all I have 
 We have to go to Little Bear.  Opie Gone Bad is the band.  They are back. 
 Please include the following language:  If both parties agree, the CIG Index portion of the pricing can be changed during the term of the contract to reflect other market and transport opportunities. 
 Laine could you add Jay to your email distribution list? His address is jay.reitmeyer@enron.com 
  Let's take this injto consideration for Kennedy's Recluse gas.  Let's get a proposal from Grasslands and we can put together a summary of the options for Kennedy. 
 This is the contract # on El Paso if you need it. 
 Please look at this.  I didn't know how deep to go with the desk.  Do you think this works. 
 Let's Plan on watching this. 
 The temp that I hired started today and I would like to make sure she gets paid for today and tommorow.  She knows that is all she can expect.  Let me know if that is a problem. 
 Can we get this? 
 That should keep you busy! 
 Bud Cranford bcranford@home.com 
  Not suprising! 
 The attached can act as a starting point for discussions around Enron's purchase of Pioneer's Powder River Basin Methane supplies.  Once you have reviewed it please give me a call at 303-575-6473 and we can discuss it. 
 I have been sick all week so it has limited my drinking ability.  Plan on getting lit tonight.  Industry response has been great towards us personally and we have quite a few options.  It is possible that on Monday you will see an announcement on a sale of the trading company, or at least it's employment contracts.  I will let you know what happens. 
 That is great! 
 I made a few small changes 
 I suggest that you build a boxing ring in the back yard!  Let's try to get together soon.  Sounds like we have both been too busy! 
 I like those kinds of schedules! 
 Heidi, Please sum up my costs and Paul's cost for this trip and forward to Barry.  Barry,  All of the Hotel costs were on my credit card, so all Paul should have is his airfare and incidentals.  But we will sum it up for you. 
 I would let her know that there is no definite timeline but we are closing a transaction next week. 
 Discuss with Stephanie and Barry. 
 Let's talk it through. 
  Please review and share your comments and concerns. 
 Theresa Staab and I would like to come to Houston on Monday and spend some time with you and Jason on Tuesday.  We need to discuss some specifics on the purchase proposal such as how you want each netback to be determined, logistics and documentation.  Let me know what time would work for you on Tuesday.  We probably need a fair amount of time.  Tyrell and I are working on a monetization structure for your gathering system.  Can you tell me if the Oil and Gas Division was able to keep the gains associated with the rollout of the hedges?  We think we might have a structure worth looking at.  P.S. Dan and I would like to call you on Friday in regards to the Ft Union capacity.  Some time in the afternoon. 
 Please find the attached. 
 Brian, After talking to our legal department it seems that in order to effectuate the wellhead purchase we will need assignment of the Williams contract instead of being agent.  This is important because we will have title to the gas at Durango.  Therefore we need to have the contract assigned to us.  Can you talk to Williams ASAP and see if that is a problem?  Thanks  Mark 
 please add tbutt@pioneeroil-co.com 
  Please find the attached Firm Contract 
 That is cool. 
 Please find the attached draft version of our proposed gas supply structure.  We have focused on minimizing your fixed charges while still giving you the right to call on up to 30,000 mmbtu/d of Firm Cheyenne supplies.  In addition, Enron will manage your transportation and imbalances associated with your PSCO transportation contracts.  Obviously we will need to see those contracts prior to finalizing this transaction in order to assure we can meet those obligations.  In addition, I am sure we will need to "tweak" this proposal to meet you physical requirements (volumes, terms etc.)  Please give me a call once you have had a chance to review the attached.  Mark Whitt 303-575-6473 
  Updated 
 How much does Logan weigh?  Does he stand a chance against his brothers? 
 How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date! 
 I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15 yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was great, so was the fishing. 
  Updated 
 A hot dog at Enron Field cost. $3.00 
 I am so sorry about Jack.  It is very difficult for me to accept that he is gone.  He was a very special man to me as I was growing up.  Jack was as much like an Uncle to me as any of my blood relatives.  He always represented the pillar of strength while still being able to to be one of the most loving and compassionate people I have ever known.  To me Jack was everything a man was supposed to be.  It always made me proud to talk to Jack about my football games and later on the oil and gas business.  It was neat that in a way I was following a similiar path in life to the one that Jack had taken.  And when my daughter was born I began to see how he must of felt about his three wonderful daughters, who I still consider to be like sisters to me.  I was so excited when Little Jack was born this year because I knew how proud and excited he must have been to finally have his boy.  I hope someday I have the opportunity to tell him what a special man his Grandpa was.  The thing I always will remember about Jack was that when he walked into a room, he filled it up, not because of his size, but because of his enormous personality and lust for life.  He could always put a smile on your face. The world has lost a very special man.  I know this is hard for you and the girls.  It is hard for me to write this without breaking up. I Love you guys and wish I was there with you.  Love  Mark Whitt 
 I did but I didn't activate it.  So I thought it wasn't any good anymore and threw it away. 
 I have forwarded this to our credit department. 
 Please also fax this letter to our credit war room in Houston.  The # is 303-646-3227. 
 Sorry you are correct. 713 is correct.  It has been a long week.  Thanks Mark 
 That was friday night. 
  Did he ever have any taste? 
 The graduate has to buy drinks for all of her unemployed friends! 
 please download and make a backup copy. 
 Ireached Barry yeaterday at 011-529-848-7400  Rm.1607.  Are you sure your info is correct? 
 Please fax this to the fax number I provided last week. 
 Let's get a new product. 
 I think they will struggle to get the 175 MM/d.  Have you heard anybody else contemplating taking space on Western Frontier? 
 Look at the weekly strategy product for producers.  Let's see what one of these will look like for our customers. 
 That sounds good. 
 We are probably more interested in people who have more experience in the Western U.S.  Preferably direct producer relationships and Rocky Mountain Utilities and Industrials.  We don't do any trading in the Denver office.  Thanks for the lead though. 
 Is this your final version?  If not, we need the final so we can get fundies to set up the updates. 
 Thanks for coming to Denver for the meeting.  I know it seems like a longshot but if it happens I think we have an excellent shot at being involved in some respect.  Thanks again.  Mark 
 That sports email was great! ! 
 Are you saying that the U.S. Producers are hedging their Canadian Production with U.S. counterparties as opposed to Canadian counterparties?  Or are the decisions being made in the U.S. and executed in Canada? 
 Just wanted to let you know how Brian was responding. 
 We decide to leave out the $ value in order to focus them on the structure.  I do not see the conversation about option values on the pipe? 
 Enron North America does transactions with the following companies which may be considered Enron Affiliates:  Crestone Energy Ventures Bear Paw Energy Lost Creek Gas Gathering  All three companies are primarily gas gathering companies. 
 I had not heard that there was a discussion today. However, since we ran the economics for Huber and discovered that Enron's books do not appropriately value the Permian capacity, we have been trying to convince BP that the value of the capacity is greater than the basis spread becase of the optionality associated with the variable costs of fuel and commodity.  We used to have a model that the transport group used to use to value that optionality based upon the volatility of the basis spreads and the variable costs.  Steph and Phil are running numbers to determine Enron's "extrinsic value".  We need to discuss how and what information we share with BP in order to convince them that the capacity is worth more than the value than that the  outright basis markets . 
 Brian is showing up at our office at 5:00. We will be there soon after. 
 You know that ENA sold our pipeline assets to Northern Border Partners in Q3 of 2001.  That is what became Crestone.  The list I gave you is of who we do business with now. 
 We usually see mostly regional basis deals out of our office.  Especially with the bigger guys.  We do some Nymex trades for our smaller producers.  It seems the big guys use their banks for most of their  basis.  Thanks for the info. 
 That is the most fucked up situation I have ever seen in college sports. 
 You gotta see yhis!  Pass it on to other WGR alumni. 
 Make sure you read all the way through to Enron. 
 FYI guys 
 Please review the attached 
 It's pretty scary!  Shows the state of the industry, doesn't it? 
 We have a very good relationship, and long term gas sale with Thermo Partners who manage the 270 MW Ft. Lupton facility.  They have inquired as to Enron's interest in either buying the energy, tolling or buying the entire plant.  The effective date would be July 2002.  The plant is currently under a QF contract with PSCo.  Mike, I would like to see if you have some time on Monday afternoon to discuss the particulars and we can devise a game plan to get you connected with these guys.  Let me know your availability.  Thanks Mark 
 That gave us a good chuckle this morning. 
  These are the new days for the management conference. 
 I made one change. 
 Let's talk about logisitcs and your ability to manage your kids schedules with being gone from 7:00 to 6:00 everyday. 
 I have changed the dates and prices in these agreements, but those should be the only changes necessary.  Let me know if either of you see any other changes that are necessary.  Brian, let's get together this afternoon and see if we can organize our other capacity release transactions that need to be completed by December 1.  Does 3:00 your time work? 
 Sorry 
 let's talk about this today at 3:30. 
 Can you come in on friday for interviews?  Sometime around mid-morning is probably best.  Let me know. 
 How is it going?  I was just checking in to see where you stood on the selection of your gas supplies. 
 Plan on a couple of hours.  I am not sure about lunch.  I may already have plans. 
 Let me knowif there is anything else you need from us. 
 Please disregard the first email. I made one slight change. 
  Sounds like we are still in the hunt. 
 Thanks for the update, we will coordinate with Jason while you are out.  As you evaluate the latest proposal, I understand that Huber may have credit concerns with Enron given all the rumors that are circulating.  You know we are confident we will straighten things out soon. However, please understand that we are willing to do what is necessary to make Huber comfortable (Pre-pay, Letter of credit etc).  If you have any questions just give me a call. 
 FYI.  I told them we will address any credit concerns they may have. 
 I thought we discussed LC's and Prepays the other day and they were both options? 
 FYI, for what it is worth, I spoke with Bryan Hassler today and he said "that everyone he has talked to" (Reliant, Sempra etc.) had told him that the market is very slow right now.  For whatever that is worth. 
 Do you have an estimate for the cost for the Christmas Party?  Dow you want to split it pro-rata based upon headcount? 
 You can bill us afterwords. 
 I knew I could count on your support. 
 Did you see what happened today?  We dropped to $7 but rebounded on rumors of a merger to $9. 
 One Last time.  I think this is correct. 
 I'm sure it is sad.  This is a lesson for those of us who are younger.  DIVERSIFY! 
 Isn't it crazy!  I just have a hard time believing it is real.  What have  you been up to? 
 I didn't know you were living in an apartment.  When did this happen.  What do you mean repair or rebuild?  I hate to hear about you and Nadine.  That is too bad.  Didn't she know you were a piece of shit when she married you!  I hate that these women forget that we have always been shitty.  The kids are great!  Brock is finally becoming alot more fun.  He and Lauren get along really well.  Too hard to tell what will happen with Dynegy.  Not sure I want to work for this new regime.  I guess it all comes down to money.  As always I'm still a whore. 
 Please add Jeff to the daily email. 
 Wow, I didn't know that you got flooded!  That's awful.  I hate to see that you and Nadine have deteriorated to that point, but if it is over you just have to keep your head up and move on.  If it was me, I think I would start looking for one of those Russian Mail Order brides.  It will cost you a plane ticket and some braces but you won't have to buy a boob job because they all have great tits!  You can't be getting fat.  Aren't you still running?  If not you need to start.  If not for your body do it for your mind.  It is the best thing for that! 
 This is sad, don't let him know I forwarded  it to you. 
 Tim Miller 281-366-4965 
 Please add David Pozner to our distribution. 
 Please email David Pozner a 10 yr. curve by yr.  for the following:  Sumas Nymex Northwest Rockies  dmp@enventenergy.com 
 FYI  We are planning on joining Crestone for a combined Denver Christmas party.  The cost for our share will be approximately $1,000.  I know it is not cheap, but I think it is an important signal and morale booster which is critical at this time.  We have a long way to go in this deal. 
 We would love to have you and Kim.  Might even be some snow by then.  Just let me know if you can make it so they can get a good head count. 
 Have you heard anything from the HR lawyers regarding our ability to fire her in the near future for poor performance? 
 The following is a summary of the estimated costs of our buildout/subdivide project:  Blueprints	$6,000 Construction	$70,000 Furniture	$3,000 Voice/Data	$4,000 *Commisions	$16,000  *Commisions were negotiated by Enron Realty  We had a profit of roughly $70,000 on the sublease over the term of the lease and will save approximately $11,000 per month on the sublease. 
 The Crestone guys ar the Map guys.  Really it is just WIC, CIG and Williams 
 Am I right about the WIC, CIG and Williams? 
 December 14th.  Friday Please join us. 
 This is what we discussed with Heidi a few months ago. 
 It's up to Paul Miller 
  This guy used to work for me,  He is really strong on finance and analytics and structuring. 
 Here are our credit ratings vs. our competitors 
 Take this advice in the new year. 
 We are doing a gag gift exchange.  Usually it is pretty good, so try and bring something. 
 Lucci reccomends www.matchmaker.com and www.russianbrides.com.  Actually he's not sure those are right but he will get them for us. 
 Let me know when they show up. 
 Did you see Tim? 
 Have you heard from FUGG on Enserco? 
  This is an old one but still good. 
 I thought that was classic.  Shamu Club.  Haven't gotten the articles yet.  Looking forward to our Vail trip to celebrate our anniverary this weekend.  Nadine comes to our house today.  When you come to our house for Xmas try to be here by Saturday afternoon.  The party that Lenny and Laurie usually have may be at our house since they are in the middle of building their house.  They are driving to Florida after xmas and want to stop and see you either on the way or on the way back.  I gave the Dad's 1-800 number. 
 She is not strict at all, jsut curious.  Let's see what she says. 
 I admire your constant devotion to your customers and your unending DESIRE to restore Enron to it's once great status.  As always you are the consumate proffesional. 
 probably works depending on Huber. 
  Are you sending out Xmas cards.  We usually do, and we usually send a small $25 gift to our best customers (ones we make money off) and those who do operational favors for us.  There is an Enron card but it does not say Enron or we can order some.  Probably $.75 plus postage and 150 cards.  Gifts probably go to 20 customers for a cost of $500 - $600.  What do you think?  Mark 
 Run the math on this real quick.  UGLY! 
 Very Interesting 
  As a follow up to the written warning on August 14, 2001 to Heidi Dubose regarding h