 Tim,  I will be available all week. Thank you for the opportunity,  Bill 
 Bert, This is good to know. Thank you for the update. Well done. B 
 Group, We all knew it was coming. NERC Compliance surveys are continuining. Everything must be tagged both light load and heavy load. THIS INCLUDES SCHEDULES IN THE SOUTHWEST. Templates and POR/POD sheets are available. If you have any questions regarding our policy please let me know. Let's be especially sharp for HE 14 on the 17th.  Thanks, Bill 
 ST-WBOM is importing 20 mws for HE 2 and 3, and 10 mws for HE 4 and 5 at MEAD 230. I have made the Enpower deals (868223, 868224, 868234) to buy from PinWest and sell to the imbalance in SP-15. I have entered the schedule in CAPS and it should be good to go.  ST-WBOM also purchased 10 mws from Redding in NP-15 for HE 7-22 at $25. Chris Mallory brokered this deal.  Thanks Bill 
 Check this sick stuff out. 
 Group,  We have returned to CAPS as of today. We will return to running the Enpower to CAPS report as usual. This will give us a chance to work the performance bugs out of FSP and improve our reconciliation methodology at the same time.  Thanks, Bill 
 Symes, One more index. This is the one I would like to participate in...if it works. Bill 
 I am sorry to hear this Julie. I appreciate your effort and do not envy your task of informing the candidates of our change in plans. Let me know if there is anything I can help with.  Bill 
 YO 
 I already do. B 
 Mollie, Could you resend me the original with the attachment? Thanks, Bill 
 This should go to Bill Williams. Not Bill Williams IIII. 
  This was meant for you. 
 This is appropriate--do not make the Enpower till the next day if it will be under St-Whourly.... 
 We will not be needing any headsets in the real-time group...  Thanks for checking.  Bill 
 A truly useful fount of knowledge... 
 Keoni, I thought your email regarding the running of CONG with a heuristic rather than optimal solution may address and solve the problem. I have not yet been able to pull up "corrected" prices but hopefully they will now reflect our bids. The problems I referred to in my phone message last week were similar to what my original email detailed. Basically, we were awarded mw's on a congestion management schedule and the published prices did not match our bids. Will the change in running the "solutions" change this? Our volume management group will then be inputing our bid price rather than the published congestion management price--as those prices are not yet published correctly.  I will be in the office this week and can be reached at your convenience.  Thanks, Bill 
 Murray,  Thank you for your interest in our group. I will certainly keep you informed of our next available opening. We will likely have some openings in February (it always seems to happen around that time). As you might assume, we are interested in hiring the best person for the job, if you were that person, then we would do our best to facilitate your move.  Again, thank you for your interest, and if you have further questions just give me a call.  Bill 
 Traders are as follows:  Bill Williams III Ryan Slinger Kate Symes  Bert Meyers Leaf Harasin Geir Solberg Mark Guzman Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean Casey Anderson Darrin Presto Mike Meier  Thanks for making sure this is squared away, Bill 
 Chris, I have some information regarding our payment to MPC that you and I discussed yesterday. Apparently we cut them a check for $19,937.35 (or thereabouts). The check no. is 9600043219. The check was cut on 01/15/02. MPC does not know why they received this payment. Rich Bruegger is my contact at MPC. Please let me know what I can do to help.  Thanks, Bill 
 Diana, Here is the message that Kate sent to Diane, and the original messages from Diane are below that. I think we will have this sorted out going forward. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Is the bet that I will reject the idea? 
 Matt, Check this out, we got this from our managing director this morning...So is the Fremont bridge a target...how bout the I-5? Might want to pass this on to your mom and dad. By the way--your a wuss for skipping the high school playoff game...    This just came to me today.  This information is widely available to corporations and law enforcement around the country.  It will likely hit the media in the next day or so.  This is all the information that is available.  Enron Corp. Business Controls/Corporate Security received the following information via the National Threat Warning system.  While we do not wish to unduly alarm employees, the specificity of the information dictated immediate dissemination to our West Coast offices.  THE FBI IS IN POSSESSION OF UNCORROBORATED INFORMATION INDICATING THE POSSIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES, SPECIFICALLY THE WEST COAST.  REPORTEDLY, UNSPECIFIED GROUPS ARE TARGETING SUSPENSION BRIDGES ON THE WEST COAST.  SIX INCIDENTS ARE TO TAKE PLACE DURING RUSH HOUR BEGINNING FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2 AND CONTINUING THROUGH NOVEMBER 7, 2001.  NO FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THIS ALLEGED ATTACK IS KNOWN AT THIS TIME. THE FBI IS ATTEMPTING TO VERIFY THE VALIDITY OF THIS REPORT.  RECIPIENTS WILL BE UPDATED AS EVENTS WARRANT.  RECIPIENTS WHO RECEIVE OR DEVELOP INFORMATION RELATED TO THIS MATTER SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CONTACT THEIR LOCAL FBI OFFICE.  We will keep you apprised if we receive any further information.  Thank you. 
 Group,.  I will be out of the office on Friday November 2nd, I will return on Monday November 5th. If you have questions, please call me on my phone at 503-887-3449.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group--  NO TRADES WITH SEMPRA UNTIL FURTHER.  Do not sell to them, do not buy from them. They are in a box.  You may want to let the muni's and other counterparties know. Call me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Guys,  When you see Four Corners #5 come back tonight. Please use the fundies webs= ite to send out a message confirming it to Traders and RT. Also, you should= give BPA and CERS a call tonight to see if they are selling off cheap powe= r. Also, we are long 50mws flat at PV (see Kate's email)...The prices are $= 27 and $37. Feel free to sell off up to HE 17 at around 39...if you can get= 43 bal peak--go for it!!! We sold 50's across the peak at PV tonight. This= was a result of the Four Corners 5 derate so prices may fall hard tomorrow= . Please try to find some information on the status of SouthPoint and the D= esert Basin unit tonight as well (this used to be Reliant's plant --rumor h= as it this is now SRP's starting tomorrow). As a bonus, CalPine scheduled o= ff of SouthPoint for tomorrow while the plant was still down for maitenence= ...If you get cut--sell them the off peak at PV for $75...MAKE THEM WEAR IT= ! As an added bonus don't forget LADWP and CORAL cut us off for "credit rea= sons"...please treat them as you would any other non-performing counterpart= y...   Finally, Services has a new deal with a cement company in NP-15. We will li= quidate the energy for the Services Desk RT at NP-15 +/- $2. We need to mak= e a buy/sell from imbalance under Services at $0 price. We then make a buy/= sell from Services under St-Whourly at NP-15 +/- $2. Finally we buy/sell fr= om/to Counterparty X under the St-Whourly book. Then we need to give Servic= es the swap deal # and the price. The mw values should be on Kysa's sheet. = If this procedure works...please send out an email detailing the procedure = with whatever comments are necessary when this goes physical.  Have fun and good luck. Thanks, Bill 
 Chip, Could you help me put Enpower on my local computer? And my monitor keeps sleeping on the job. Thanks, Bill 
 This is at the top right after you turning the volume on your computer down. Also... Right after the boxes, but parallel to FSP parallel testing. Thanks, Bill 
 Pretty much, its turning into the only day they have available for what we need...short of Thanksgiving weekend or late December...which is getting a bit close to the Holidays...  What do you think? Is it a good way to end the month? 
 Please be sure to send me an email regarding changes, and write them on the schedule. B 
 Cara, Sounds good but...we had to change the night to November 30th...I'm sorry. Hopefully it still works for you guys. Did you want to get rooms as well. If so just speak with Jill Chatterton. More to follow.  B 
 Darin, I need you to send emails regarding our disputes to myself and Kate Symes. Please do NOT send emails regarding our disputes to our customers--El Paso or others. Also, my email is bill.williams.iii@enron.com. I appreciate the email, but I had to receive it from our customer. Let's set up a time to meet and run through some things on Sunday or Monday morning. Give me a call on my cell phone on Saturday when you have a chance.  Thanks, Bill 
 Kysa, This is totally inappropriate and HIGHLY unprofessional. In these difficult times we need to continue to put forth and display Enron's core values: Respect, Integrity, Communication and Excellence. I look for this in each one of my coworkers and for every member of the real-time team. Please see what you can do to better respect Kate's feelings and the effort she puts in each day. 
 Thanks, And sorry again about the stairwell--did you actually get stuck in there? 
 Super. And sorry about getting you locked in the stairwell. I just 
 Just need to know why there will be a BOM charge of $5331.90? My impression is that this was totally trued up... Is this some weird tranny charge? Ideas... As always, if you could go through these charges that would be great, and I like the idea of showing the $96,065.15 this month. Thanks, Bill 
 Josie, Sign me up. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, A quick reminder. All El Paso Electric Deals and related deals for El Paso Electric (ie buying from SRP selling to EPE--anything with a group of EPEC in Enpower) need to be in MST. These deals should be scheduled in MST on the deal scheduling portion of Enpower as well.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group- Brace yourselves... Once more we are experiencing seasonal changes. The time zone change has pu= shed the evening peak back to HE 18 through HE 19. These hours are now prem= ium, the load curve no longer resembles a rolling hill but has an extreme m= orning ramp and an extreme evening ramp. Both EPE and the CAISO in NP-15 wi= ll have difficulty with this evening ramp. Do not count on the EPE load for= ecast to accurately identify the evening ramp. We should not suck off the g= rid. Pay the extra $3 for firm or unit contingent power in the SW. We need = to attack the evening peak early and make sure we cover it. We should be us= ing congestion wheels as hedges. A 200 mw import requires a 200 mw wheel go= ing in the opposite direction at $0.10--or less--we should not do 50 mws at= $50 as we would still have to pay $50 on the other 150 mws if we get award= ed all 50 mws of relief. We will discuss this in our meeting next Tuesday N= ovember 6th at 4:30. Let's be sharp and not give away hard-earned revenue o= n congestion mis-management or poor scheduling.=20  Any questions? Comments? Ideas? Bring them to the meeting on next Tuesday.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Ken,  Thank you for your inquiry. I will do my best to answer your questions, but would prefer to answer your questions by phone. I feel that this will provide each of us with greater flexibility and likely will give me even more of an opportunity to answer your questions. I will usually be most available after 3 each day. You can reach me at 503-464-3730.  Thanks, Bill 
 Geir, I need to get a working cell phone number for you. I tried to reach you at home today regarding the postponement of our meeting. Please give me a call or send me an email with your contact info. Thanks, Bill 
 Matt, I like the Mcleod Resume the best. I have added some suggestions and provided a bit of feedback. Why don't you do another write-up and I'll go over it again. It looks like you have a good start. I will also proofread your cover letter or give you some ideas if you need them. Good luck.  Bill 
  Kochel is supposed to get married on March 2nd. Same girl--we'll see if its= the same outcome. B 
 Matt, I will work on these this afternoon and give you some ideas... BTW-I heard from Kochel this morning, he is getting married March 2nd in Seattle--did you know his sister was already married to Steve Darue? (poor woman!). The Kelso/Camas game is on Thursday--maybe I will take Friday off...what do you think? Check your hotmail around 3. B 
 Kate, Bobette from Powerdex will want to speak to you regarding timelines, templates, etc. to set up an hourly index to be published the next day. I gave her your name because of your past experience in deal control. She will likely be calling around 9:30 or 9:45. I am not sure where I am at on this index, your feedback will play a large role in whether we participate in this index. Sorry for the short notice.  Bill 
 Just talked with Kochel. He was expecting a bounce in our stock on funds co= vering their shorts. I don't know if I agree after this.  Bill 
 You can go ahead and talk to Fran...Also, how was you vaca? And I have some things for you to take care of from Thursday and this weekend when you have a chance. Thanks,  B 
 Group, As most of you are aware we changed time zones on Sunday. We are back in Pacific Standard Time. As such, we are once again in a different time zone than some of our counterparties. Please specify Pacific time zone in your summary of your deal at the end of each phone call--translate the deal to Mountain time only if necessary. We must be very clear on this going forward or disputes will be numerous and we will not be able to resolve them. See me if you have any questions regarding this expectation. Thanks,  Bill 
 I still need to interview Stacy but will have feedback when I finish.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We are still short 50 mws in ST-WBOM on peak Friday and Saturday at $27.60.  For Friday only (as of right now) I have picked up 10 mws of energy flat (24hr schedule). I bought this energy from the APX-deal #840719 at $25. We will be long 10 mws each hour in position manager in SP-15 as a result. Please sell this energy in the off-peak (on-peak will go to fill our W-BOM short). I have scheduled an HA 24 purchase from the APX 1 and have put the energy into the ST-WBOM load zone.  Do call with questions. Cell: 503-887-3449 Home: 503-274-0502  Thanks, Bill 
 Alan,  I have a few questions regarding the emminent implementation of the new target pricing mechanism. 1. Does uninstructed energy still get paid (if not, we cannot hedge financials) 2. The CISO Table 1. lists an unintended consequence as " Target price may be manipulated due to no obligation to deliver" Why is there no obligation to deliver? 3. Is there still a load deviation penalty? Or would that be considered seperately?  Thanks for the help.  Bill 
 Mike, Your cell phone is not working or has been disconnected and I have no way to reach you. Please update me with your contact information as soon as possible. Thanks,  Bill 
 Take these days off too. 
 kate, If you need tomorrow and Friday off, take it. 
 Kate, It is the end of the month and just like everyone else in your group you are needed to be at work at certain times. Granted, renewed motivation can be a great thing to help you attack various job functions with vigor, and I am a big believer in it. We have in the past discussed that I would prefer  that you take personal days/vacation days in the middle of the month and at the end of the week. If you would like to plan a longer vacation in advance, again like everyone else in your group, please just let me know. I appreciate your understanding.  Bill 
 Definitely...to begin with he should be Michael Mier. Let me know what you need...  Bill 
 When will you be starting your subscription to "Bear Magazine"? 
 Julie, I received this message yesterday from a student group at the University of Washington. Do you still want some to go to Seattle and stir up interest?  Bill 
 Cool 
 Group,  The Enron Derivatives II will be on Wednesday and Thursday, November 14th and 15th. The class is open to those who took Derivatives I earlier this year. Please see me or send me an email if you are interested and we will make scheduling arrangements.  Thanks,  Bill 
 We also received congestion for HE 5--50 mws at $74.83. HE 5 is not in the inc sheet but will be. The CISO is again having difficulties reading our bids. They have been working on this for a week. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, The meeting this afternoon will be delayed until next week. I am waiting for more information on UBS. So, next Thursday at 4 PM we will have our meeting with the pizza. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Also on Saturday morning...Enpower will be down from 5 AM to 7 AM.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  For those on night and day shift on Saturday/Sunday the emergency back-up generators will be tested. The testing will occur from 5 AM to 10 AM on Sunday morning. Dave Steiner has assured me that RT will be unaffected and Dave will be on hand to help if anything is needed. I think we should work to have everything submitted early to the CISO, tags made, etc. At least for HE 6, HE 7 and HE 8. This should give us some extra time if something goes wrong when they switch to the back-up power.  Bill 
 What are Tracy's thoughts on this? 
 Kathy, I will be available on Tuesday but it would have to be either earlier or later on in the day.  I could meet with Britt at 3PM or at 9 AM. Any idea what this is regarding? Thanks, Bill 
 Kysers,  St-WBOM is long again for HE 2 through HE 5 at PV from PNM at a price of $15.50. We will be 20 mws long each hour for a day total of 80. Same deal # as yesterday--#826094. If you could adjust your sheets for tomorrow I would appreciate it.  Remember, we are also short 50 mws for Monday in SP-15 at $27.60  Sweet. 
 Group, Here is some input from Tony at EPE regarding running their system. I think the EPE system was run very well on October 18th, but aside from that, this email shows how closely they are watching our performance and what they expect. Let's do our best to continue to provide them with good service.  Thanks, Bill 
  Group,  Our deal with EES has changed. As Ryan indicated in his email we are now charging $3 for EES up to 100 mws, above 100 mws to  200 mws we are charging $4, above 200 mws per hour we are charging $5.  However, when we have transacted with EES for a peaker product or day-ahead schedule we will not integrate our fee into their price for that quanity of mws. I will indicate in an email to you when this occurs. This is a bit complex but if you have questions just let me know.  Also, EnMax has recently been buying energy from us at the BC Border. This turned out to be a "Canadian" firm purchase on the part of Enmax. Please do not fill any sale to EnMax with MPC energy. We need to treat EnMax just like ECC. We should buy an option or a call and then exercise that option. MPC does not have this capability and should not be used in this manner.  Finally, the NW evening peak has arrived. The NW has been extremely tight through morning and evening peaks, often over $30 to pick up...  Any questions, just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
  Tim,  Probably 3 to 5 months ago David Poston demonstrated a new position manager= to work with both FSP and Enpower. David Poston showed the position manage= r to me, Cara Semperger, and Phil Platter. Dave suggested that the new posi= tion manager would replace the current stand-alone position managers in CAP= S and Enpower. When Dave and I ran through the demonstration, I was told th= at the East desk had driven most of the development work to date. The funct= ionality of the position manager in the stage Dave presented to me seemed u= seful, with little development needed for us to implement it. The position = manager looked like it would offer several improvements over Real-Time's cu= rrent position and report reconciliation methods. My impression of the appl= ication was that it would be a portion of FSP when implemented and was not = a stand alone application. Within a week after demostrating the new positio= n manager, Dave relayed to me that production of the position manager would= be delayed until after FSP was in production. As a result of the FSP delay= , I have heard nothing of the position manager and have had no input on it = since that first meeting. I think this application (as I saw it last) has t= he potential to improve our reports and reduce our time spent running them.= This application should be of benefit to preschedulers, risk and deal cont= rol. Now that the position manager is back on the table, I would like the r= eal-time group to be involved in the implementation of this portion of FSP = and work to improve its ability to act as a report reconciliation tool.  If you have any questions please let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Kysers and Mary-  ST-WBOM is long at PV parking with PNM for HE 2 through HE 5, 20 mws each hour--for Friday and Saturday. The price of the power after the parking fee is $15.50. The deal number is 826094. This deal is just hanging out there under W-BOM and should make us 80 mws long at PV on Friday and Saturday.  Also--we are still short the two BOM pieces in SP-15 for a total of 50 mws each hour on peak-Friday and Saturday- average price of $27.60. You would have the deal numbers on this one.  Sweet. 
 Keoni, I am not concerned with the improperly posted ATC's. I am concerned that our bids to relieve congestion were awarded but that the respective dollar value for those bids was incorrect. We have had problems in the past with misentry of our congestion management bids. However, in this case, the awarded congestion management bids look correct to me, and it appears that the CAISO published price is not appropriate for the amount of mws flowed. I would like to figure this out as soon as possible so that we can fix any problems that might exist on our end.  Please give me a call when you have a chance.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Les. Bill 
 Group,  David Porter will be moving to the Utility Risk Management group with Enron Energy Services beginning Tuesday October 23. Please join me in thanking David for his effort in the real-time group over the past year (especially the 24-hour long shift), and wishing him good luck in his new position.  Stay tuned for a "going away" party for Dave in the near future.  Bill 
 Kate, We are short 3 pieces tomorrow at $27.20, $28.00, and a piece at the ST-CALI index.  We are also long HE2 through HE5 at PV, 20 mws parked with PNM at $16. Deal #'s are-823620, 823657--we will be out in position manager for these hours...BW 
 Group,  Going forward we will be delivering parking or taking lending energy at one point per schedule with Portland General. We will either deliver or take energy from them at Portland General System. OR we will deliver or take energy from them at Mid-C.  PGE real-time has had difficulty with scheduling the energy in real-time to or from a point other than originally prescheduled. Therefore ONLY schedule the energy to or from the originally prescheduled delivery point. In the case below we would deliver the energy to Portland General System--NOT the MID-C.  We should continue to be flexible at PGE's request. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Paul, Here is an updated version of the agreement I sent to Steve on Friday. Sorry I didn't cc you to start with. It's pretty much exactly as we discussed. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are starting to see some market changes as we transition into the winter= months.  First: With EPE we will start seeing a severe morning ramp. We will have to carefu= lly manage the units to prevent "swinging" them and increasing the chance o= f a unit outage. As the EPE loads plummet off-peak, we should consult the u= nit commitment, and depending on market conditions look to take units off-l= ine and/ or put units on manual and buy energy back. Recently we have sold = energy from EPE at a loss rather than putting costly gas turbines on manual= (Newman 1, 2 and 3), reducing them, and buying that energy less expensivel= y in the market. Our relationship with EPE is at a critical stage, they hav= e a new vice-president and will be hiring new management to lead their mark= eting group. We would like to be a part of EPE's marketing effort going for= ward, but need to continue to prove that our level of service cannot be mat= ched either in-house or by other marketers. I look to each member of the gr= oup to be a part of this effort and to work closely to run the EPE grid as = efficiently as possible.  Second: The morning ramp will soon be upon us in the Northwest. It will become very= difficult to get energy in the Nortwest for HE 6 through HE 10. We should = look for congestion possibly on the COI and the DC. Also, as lights and hea= ters come on in the evening, there should be another jump in load at HE 18 = through HE 20. Enron Calgary will also be looking for energy these hours. B= e sure to take this load movement into consideration if you lock a price in= with ECC.  Finally: We will have a meeting on TUESDAY--November 6th at 4:30 in the afternoon--(= the first Tuesday as usual) to discuss market changes, peformance reviews a= nd the final two months of the year.  Please see me with any questions regarding the system.  Thank you.  Bill 
 Kate, We are short 2 pieces of BOM at SP-15 7-22. Price of $27.20 and $28.00. We are also short 1 daily piece in SP-15 at the ST-CALI index price.  Thanks, Bill 
 My apologies for the public humiliation.  Bill 
 What is this ZP-15? 
 Steve,  Good afternoon, I have attached a draft of the Control Area Services Agreement to this email. Please take a look at it when you have a moment and let me know what you think about it. I understand we may not implement it for a while. However, I thought having an agreement in place might provide us with more flexibility and the ability to take advantage of opportunities as this month winds down. I appreciate your time and feedback.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Group- WWP is good to buy and sell with us again. Have fun.  Bill 
 Yo!!! It's cold, its wet, its raining. But at least in Portland we have F-15 fighter jets being scrambled over the city. Gotta love it. what's the word. Drop me a line on the cellular--(503) 887-3449. B 
 Sean, Bobette from "Powerdex" wants to create an hourly index out west. Do you want to take a look at this and her template and give me your feedback. Would participation in this index accomplish anything for us?  Let me know,  Bill 
 John,  Goodness! Great questions!..I could answer some in 5 minutes but others would be a 2 hour discourse. First, I did get both your resume and letter and have taken it to our Human Resources department. I currently have 11 people on rotation(shift work), and 10 is the appropriate number for me to have on shift. One of my employees is interviewing for another opening on the floor on Friday and two others are looking to move. Julie Kearney (in our human resources department) will be gone today through Wednesday of next week. So by Thursday of next week we should be able to set up an interview schedule and go from there.  I have answered a few of your questions in your email below. We can go over the others when we speak next. Thanks for the good questions.  Bill 
  Keoni,  Here are the details on our sale to CERS for HE 14 at Palo Verde devers.  I spoke with Linus at CERS at approximately 11:50--At that time I sold him 90 mws at $29 delivered at PV for HE 14, I told him the energy was coming from the CAISO.  I then called Mike at SRP marketing after speaking with Linus. For HE 13 I had sold Mike 75 mws. I told him the schedule would be going to a zero for HE 14.  I called the CAISO to notify them my export EPMI_CISO_SALSA would be going to CERS at PV devers and not SRP.  I began speaking with Bhavin at the Palo Verde desk at 12:20 regarding scheduling of the energy to CERS at PV devers.  I told Bhavin the export -EPMI_CISO_SALSA- would be going to CERS and that it was effectively a net schedule(90 mws out at PV devers/90 mws in at PV devers).Bhavin asked that I call a counterparty with a control area interest at PV and show the schedule going to and coming from a control area.  I acknowledged this request and called El Paso Electric to attempt to show the schedule to them and from them. I was not comfortable with this step as I viewed it as unnecessary and told EPE I would call them back. I then called SRP transmission to discuss the schedule with them. At approximately 12:40 I discussed the 90 mw net schedule with SRP transmission. SRP control said a net schedule would show as zero.  I then spoke with EPE and told them to forget the schedule.  I called Bhavin back and told him SRP was aware of the schedule. Bhavin told me that he would make a note of the schedule and show it as net scheduled.  At 13:02 Bhavin called me back and told me he was not checking out with SRP at PV devers. I called SRP transmission and went over the schedule one more time. SRP transmission still showed the 75 mw schedule from HE 13. I told SRP transmission that the 75 mw schedule was no longer flowing to him. He told me he would call his marketer.  While transacting for HE 15, I again spoke with Mike at SRP marketing and Mike told me he had missed telling his transmission to pull out the 75 mw schedule.  I believe the original problem was the net scheduling and that it was compounded by miscommunication on SRP's end. It should be noted that Bhavin was polite and professional throughout my conversations with him.   I think the ability to net schedule at tie points is important.  My feeling is that the CAISO schedulers should have the same scheduling capabilities at the tie points as those schedulers outside the CAISO. Please let me know what you find out regarding this practice. If you have any questions for me please let me know.  Thank you for your help.  Bill 
 Thank you for the email.  Bill 
 Sandra, Please update your email list to read Bill Williams and not Bill Williams III. Thank you, BW 
 Steph, Great to hear from you. I got a call from Scotty this weekend but have not had a chance to give him a call back yet. Enron selling PGE has had no real effect on me. It should be good for our stock price though. One can hope anyway. Glad to hear you guys are doing well. Let me know when you guys are coming down...you can definitely stay at my place--its not big but I will have a futon for a bit longer. You may prefer the Paramount hotel--its right next door. And my liver will likely always be in shape.  Take care.  B 
  The CBR 945 RR is a bit sweeter, cheaper, better looking and has Honda reliability... Oooohhh. Nice.  Bill 
   Actually, I think the Honda is probably the one.  Much cooler...and good Honda reliability.  Looks good in Silver or Red.  Bill 
 No problem. 
 Catherine, I believe this was meant for Bill Williams in Technical Assets. Please note the difference in email addresses. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We will have a meeting on Thursday of next week at 4 PM (Pizza will be provided--finally) on JAN 24th. I hope our transition to UBS from Enron will be complete by next Wednesday. If so, we will be discussing what we hope to achieve this year and the look of the floor going forward. If not, this meeting will likely be postponed. Please call me with any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 John, Thank you for the letter and for the resume. I will be putting them in front of Julie Kearney in our HR department and will be getting the process started. I am still waiting to see exactly what the needs for my group will be, but should have a better idea in a few days. I will be in touch.  Bill 
 Thanks Kysa. Nice work.  B 
 Darren, Could you meet with me regarding congestion revenue for 10/05? We had two wheels that were not in the inc sheet but were awarded by the CAISO and are in finals in CAPS. The wheels were EPMI_CISO_GREEN for HE 17 and HE 18. We were awarded 38.96 mws for HE 17 and 31.92 mws for HE 18. Both wheels were awarded at $54.90. We should receive revenue of $3891.31 from these wheels. Please give me a shout with questions. Thanks,  Bill 
 Chip have you had a chance to work with Greg Ford on ADS? Any ideas on the new ADS phase II?  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Kate, Nice work. Bill 
 I will be out of the office visiting El Paso Electric and PNM through Friday evening. Please see Ryan with any questions regarding trading. I can be reached on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thanks,  Bill 
 What? Is receiving an email at 1:30 too late? Just because everything is done by 10...At least NW is on the right side of the market...oh wait...their not...doh! And looks like today was a bad day to go short...but who's counting? 
 Todd, From an information standpoint this looks good. I would recommend using an appendix for the WSCC members, the FERC ruling, the NERC glossary and any other lengthy terms or charts. You might look to organize the paper from a broad overview of the electrical market in the west (including basic descriptions, timelines, fundamentals, etc.) down to a specific description of what you did at Enron. The content of the paper looks good and I am comfortable with you submitting what you have. If you need any thing else regarding your paper just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Amy,  I am interested in either position...as I imagine each person in the real-time group will be. Let me know if I can be of help with anything.  Thanks, Bill 
 Grace, Could you sign me up for the bus pass. I am selling my car and no longer need the parking. Thanks, Bill 
 That's right, I forgot about QOTSA.  Did you enjoy that CD? Your dad is coming in today to see the trading floor and then we are going to grab some lunch and talk about what we do here at the big E. I fly out at 4 on Friday afternoon...  I guess Nikki is coming to Portland at the end of October...oh-oh.  b 
 B- I will only be in Albuquerque for like 4 hours Monday morning...so it doesn't look like I will have to much of a chance to meet up with you. Maybe an early afternoon brew... Emily Willis--huh--didn't you and her...oh yeah...I remember the flat tire. 
 Bert, I put all the names in a hat...and you are the man...please revise the schedule and redistribute it with yourself attending the trip... Enjoy! 
 Group, Effective October 1st...BPA transmission will be the following prices...  BPA non-firm point to point (or network) will be $2.92 with 1.9% losses  BPA non-firm on the intertie will be $3.34 with 3% losses  Losses could be expected to add up to $5 of the total price--do not put losses into the purchase from BPA Transmission in Enpower--losses for BPA will be settled at the end of the month in a single annuity.  Total price for MPC to CAISO at MALIN on BPA non-firm all the way will be $6.26 Total price for MPC to CAISO at NOB on BPA NON-FIRM all the way will be $6.26--Remember to check tranny sheet for PGE-tranny availability--WE HAVE NO MORE LT FIRM FROM BIG EDDY TO NOB--  SNOPud is charging $3.25 for point to point plus 1.9% losses.  Bill 
 Paul could likely do this, it does require a ton of hard work and is a difficult job. B 
 ALLEGHENY ENERGY SUPPLY Scheduling Coordinator ID--   *****New ID is APX5****** 
 New login for www.friedwire.com is:  login: enron04 password: enron 
  I will be out of the office from Wednesday through Friday. Please refer trading questions to Ryan Slinger or call me on my cell phone...503-887-3449.  Thanks, Bill 
 The Short Term West Hourly presentation is now in the  O drive. Thanks for the email... 
 Jeff, I will be glad to discuss this with you in the future. However, I am on my way out the door to Pullman, WA for a recruiting trip. I will be back late on Friday afternoon or we can talk on Monday. Give me a call on my cell and let me know what you would like to do.  Bill 
 Bob,  We would have the following hourly physical products out until 6 PM CST (4 PST) on Friday--HE 17 through HE 20 Palo Verde; HE 17 through HE 20 MID-C; HE 19 through HE 20 SP15; HE 19 through HE 20 NP15. We can then suspend or inactivate these products at 6 PM. All other physical products will have already been suspended or inactivated before 6 PM CST (HE 12 through HE 17 etc.).  If you have any questions, please let me know. Thank you for the help.  Bill 
 I don't know... 
 Michael, I think you intended to send this to Bill Williams in Technical Assets. Please note the difference in addresses and make the change. Thanks,  Bill 
 Chip, Could you send me a list of Turret ID's for the guys in the real-time group. I would like to lead a push to have everyone in the group update their turret and customize it for their own use. Thanks, Bill 
   http://fourcorners.pwenergy.com/plantinfo/description/default.asp 
 Yes...that is correct. 
 NO!!!! You must live with gross tooth decay and bleeding gums. Yellow teeth and excessive plaque build-up are expected in Real-Time... 
 Bert, I would like some of these folks to attend the Energy Math class on the 8th of November. Please schedule 4 or 5 of them to go if possible. Thanks, Bill 
 This all looks good.  The real time phone number is 1-800-684-1336...  Thanks for the hard work.  Bill 
 Geir, You should be receiving an email regarding access to EOL. If you have any questions about getting set up just let me know. Bill 
 Group, Here is some more inforation regarding taking care of Canada this weekend. Bill 
 Yes...sorry about implying that you did not have approval... 
 Paul, Thanks for the invitation but I will not be able to attend on Friday.  Bill 
 Darren, Just let me know when you have time and we will set it up. B 
 This is relatively irrelavent but thought you might enjoy it...of course...it is made up...just like everything else forwarded on the internet none of these people actually exist... 
 Of course you were. Don't feel bad though, we all get confused at times. Some of us just more than others. 
 HUBRIS: ex. 1.)--see Portland City Council-- 2.) Reed College 
  LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon. 
 Group, We will be covering for Enron Canada Corp as stated below. All submissions will have to be faxed to the Power Pool as we do not have a working digital certificate. Call me with any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Here is the original email from Keoni, and the follow-up from Chris Foster. Just give me a call with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Group, When tiering adjustment bids, the CAISO system will not read more than 10 bids. Also, remember to have the tier monotically increasing. Thanks, Bill 
 What do you guys think? 
 Group, There is a new schedule out for October. Please take a look at it. If you need to switch days, feel free. Please send Bert and I an email notifying us of the changes and be sure to write your changes on the schedule. Schedule changes need to be communicated for obvious reasons.  Thanks, Bill 
 And here is the attachment  Bill 
 Group,  Please take a look at the following attachment. It details how we will be entering our Enpower and CAPS 99% of the time. If you have any questions, just let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 ate, You should recieve an email from Sean Crandall detailing a short position for tomorrow (Saturday) and for Monday. Please give this information to the group including Enpower information...etc.  Call me if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Cindy,  Please...remove me from your list. I am not involved with security, in Houston or otherwise, and can not help you obtain a security badge.  Bill 
 Dave,  I have attached a revised budget forecast for 2002. The 2002 headcount  (column D) is now correct at the top of the budget. I do not have a number from David Steiner yet regarding technology costs (row 107) but I am expecting it soon. Everything else is pretty much as you and I discussed earlier today. Please call me with any questions. Thank you for the help.  Bill 
 Cindy,  Please remove my name from whatever list you might have. I work in Portland and am not involved with security clearance or security access.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, Please remember to put the Tag # in the inc sheet. Every schedule should now be tagged if it is outside of the CAISO. Please get the tag # from our counterparties to put in the inc sheet. This should greatly improve our settlements process and minimize disputes. Include a comment in the Tag # section if there is no tag.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Ryan Slinger previously had a plan set up. It looks like our AT&T rep switched him back to the group calling plan. Please check with Ryan and he will let you know what he needs. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, I was being sarcastic about the $16000. Could you send an email to each group member giving them their average usage since you started or the last 3 months (AT&T should have this info). If you could send me an email breaking out the costs that would be great as well. I am not that concerned with the new phones--but would like to know what was spent. I appreciate the help.  Thanks, Bill 
 Absolutely, Please send an email to the group explaining to them that they will be billed if they go over $55 a month. Let them know they can set up a different plan if they need (I would prefer they stick with the group calling plan and add minutes...but the choice is theirs).  Let's put this in effect by October. I am seeing $20000 ytd as of June in cell phone charges (and $55 x 13 group members x 6 months should equal $4290--have we really spent $16000 on new phones? Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Could you also cancel my monthly PalmNet service. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill,  I need information regarding our monthly cell phone costs. I would like to cap per employee costs at $50 per month on the group calling plan. Effective in October, I would like employees billed for any amount they have over $50 per month on their cell phone. If an employee needs more minutes I would like to structure a plan to allow them to purchase more minutes through us--with them paying the extra per month.  Thanks, Bill 
 The BMW is of course a 1992! Priced at only $9900!!! How could you not buy it. 
 Group,  We have developed a process for tiering our bids and should do so going forward.  Please use appropriate dollar and mw values. Below is JUST an example. When tiering, the top numbers (mw values) must be monotonically increasing and the last two numbers on the bottom of your tier ($ values) must be the same.   IMPORT:	0	25	50	75	100	125	150	200	200.01 $49	$49	$74	99	149	174	199	249	249   EXPORT:	0	25	50	75	100	125	150	200	200.01 $0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1   *NOTE* If a tiered bid is entered incorrectly you will have to flow a large amount of mws for loss or no gain.*NOTE*  Please see me with any questions before implementing tiered bids.  Thanks, Bill 
 Stewart, Just a quick heads up. SMUD used enron online today and sold ust a total of 125 mws. Thanks for the good work!  Bill 
 Darin,  I liked the services portion of the night discussion note that you wrote on the 13th, but you need more information on sales on behalf of EPE for both HE 6 and HE 7...you need to explain any sales to marketers or utilities. I also need you to only sell to a marketer as last resort. A marketer is usually just flipping EPE's energy and is taking your spread.  If you have any questions, just let me know. Otherwise keep up the good work!  Thanks, Bill 
 David, I have made some revisions to the budget after spending some time with Amy Fitzpatrick in our HR department. Obviously this is a loose plan (the headcount for the RT group changes frequently)...but it should prove a bit more accurate than nothing. If you have any questions please just let me know. You can call me here at work at 503-464-3730 or on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thanks,  Bill 
 Group, A quick reminder. The night shift will average the sales price and make one strip for the on-peak piece.(so ST-WBOM will sell to ST-Whourly at x$ for HE7-22 then ST-Whourly does whatever it needs to do). If you have questions just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Sophie, I think you have the wrong Bill Williams as I do not work in Houston or know Erin Copeland. Please remove me from your distribution list.  Thanks, Bill 
 You may want to take a look at this. B 
 Amy, Could you please sign up Bert Meyers, Mark Guzman, and Kate Symes for the pilot program. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, Any word from PGE regarding a phone for Kate? Anything I can do to help? Just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Holly, I think you have the wrong Bill Williams. I am in Portland and am not involved with card access. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, I can now be reached with email outside of work at wwilliamsiii@palm.net This should work even if my cell does not.   [mailto:wwilliamsiii@palm.net]   BW 
 Stewart, I will be in El Paso visting EPE on the 20th. But I am very interested in discussing such an opportunity with NW service customers. Do they HAVE to come on the morning of the 20th or 21st? Could they come the morning of the 19th? Let's get together and talk regardless.  Nice job on NCPA, I appreciate the hard work. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  A quick reminder. After reviewing this weekend, we must begin adjust bidding for congestion at ALL tie points. We should be running wheels N-S and S-N across Path 15, the COI and NOB. We have lost significant revenue by failing to adjust bid our transactions. It is still fire season, and unit outages are resulting in unscheduled flow problems that are forcing congestion at different tie points and in different directions. Please check available ATC's on the CAISO site, and spend the time to manage our congestion risk. If you have questions, please ask. We need everyone up to speed on this quickly.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, Just a quick reminder. When we are notified by the CAISO Generation desk regarding a "waiver" for an Enron managed unit in California, we should notify the services desk if it is during the day, and should email the services desk (and me) if it is after normal work hours. If you have questions please just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Crystal, Seattle was sweet this weekend. I went and saw Brad at the Breakroom...what did you think of Husky Stadium? Woohoo! Man, Thursday...whoa...and think, I went out after that...whoa...but it was my birthday...sorry for calling late. Are you doing anything cool this weekend?  Motorcycle dirt track races are on Saturday night at Portland Speedway... I am stoked. Plus the first Husky football game is this weekend in Seattle against Michigan!  How are other things going? Hopefully well.  Later, Bill 
 Steve, Can we contact this Steve Johnson guy and tell him he is a pawn for the state of California... Funny...I don't remember a "near-meltdown", just inept purchasing and load balancing by CERS at the start of August. CERS is consistently completely out of the market. EVERY DAY! They can't even manage to bury their bad trades in 35,000 mws of load! Humorous article though. B 
 Dave, Thanks for the update and I appreciate the work. I understand that moving turrets, and reconfiguring desks takes time. Just let me know what I can do to help on moving turrets, or changing the RT desk configuration.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Good email Kate. Nice work. Way to get after "it"!  B 
 Guys,  We are short for HE 21 through HE 23 at Malin. We are short at $40. The sale is to Pacificorp Power Marketing. 20 mws of the 50 is going to SMUD and 30 mws of the 50 is going to CERS. You can reference tag#'s 31892 and 31889. If you have any questions just give me a call on my cell phone.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are continuing to refine our deal entry techniques and spreadsheet techniques. We are having great success with EOL so far. For further clarification.    1. ALL DEALS UNDER ST-WHOURLY--except a lending/parking deal or cut. For example if we are lending with ST-SW and we buy for them in NP-15. The buy in NP-15 is under ST-WHOURLY, the EPMICALPOOL Buy/Resale from NP-15 to FC345 is under ST-WHOURLY, the INTER-DESK sale is made under ST-WHOURLY (at the end of the day--see #3), and the sale to EPE is under ST-SW. The export in CAPS is also under ST-SW.  2. ONE DEAL FOR AN ON-PEAK or OFF-PEAK PURCHASE or SALE.--For example one deal for a sale to the imbalance, one deal for a sale to EPE  3. ONE DEAL FOR AN INTER-DESK SALE or PURCHASE--done by the NIGHT SHIFT at the weighted average price for the entire strip, transmission costs should be included. We are just averaging the purchase price or sale price for specific deals. (see ST-WBOM SP-15 section of AUG TRADING sheet on 08/29/01 for an example)  4. INC SHEETS MUST BE MAINTAINED, DEALS ENTERED AND ROUTED EACH HOUR--only way to stay ahead  5. WE ARE GENERATING SIGNIFICANTLY MORE REVENUE AND PROFIT TRADING WITH EOL (over $130,000 in the last 5 days alone--does not include congestion revenue!)--530+ trades, 13,100 extra mws traded with EOL in 8 days.  6. MEETING ON TUESDAY 09/04 at 4PM   Finally, I will be out of the office for Friday and will be in Seattle through Sunday. You should be able to reach me on my cell phone (503) 887-3449. If you can not reach me, please refer questions regarding trading to Ryan Slinger, (503) 789-1306.  Thanks for the continued hard work and attention to detail,  Bill 
 Thresa,  I have attached the spread sheet I created back in February. There are comments explaining the formulas. If you have questions please just give me a call and I will try to clear them up.  Thanks, Bill   503-464-3730 
 Jon, Good to hear from you. Glad to hear you are healing up, as for me, I am still working on the sprained knee. Enough of this one game and out stuff. Do you know when the outdoor season starts? I am hoping to make some indoor games, but want to concentrate on outdoor.  Bill 
 Darren, Per our discussion, please allocate all Hour-Ahead Congestion charges or revenues to the ECTRT group. Hopefully this will simplify the management of our books. My understanding is that Chris will tell RT if there are cuts or some other need to put in Hour Ahead (24) schedules for the Cali desk and will allow us to allocate approriate charges or revenue to him if necessary. All Congestion charges/revenue at tie points should still be allocated to the desk entered in CAPS. If you have any questions please see me. RealTime will still try to notify you of Congestion revenue or charges.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Virginia,  All deals were originally sourced under ST-NW. Revenue was moved from ST-NW to ST-Whourly for 70/30 split between LP and ST-Whourly.  Annuity to ST-Whourly from ST-NW #531524--$23468.76  Annuity from ST-Whourly to LP #531549--$12597.73  Annuity from ST-Whourly to LT-NW #531546--$5472--this compensated for original deal sold to LP (take or pay).  ST-Whourly kept the difference between #531524 and #'s 531549, 531546.  All deals were originally sourced under ST-NW.  If you have questions, just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 There are several annuities related to the profit sharing of this deal. First-- All deals should have been made under the ST-NW desk to route with the PGE = deal-buy tranny-etc. (I recognize this did not happen but this was my inten= t and should or could have). Consequently all revenue from this deal origin= ally went into the ST-NW book. Therefore. An annuity was made from ST-NW to= ST-WHOURLY. Deal #531524--$23468. Next an annuity was made from ST-Whourly= to LT-NW at $5472 to compensate LT-NW for the $48 purchase price (deal #53= 1546). This left a profit of $17996 to be divided between ST-Whourly and L-= Pac-30/70. Consequently, ST-Whourly made an annuity to L-Pac for their part= of the profit share, Deal #531549--$12597.73. All this left RT with a prof= it of $5399. If you place all the deals under LT-NW...it will be a large im= pact on ST-NW, and will result in LT-NW getting paid a couple of times. The= se profit share numbers are accurate. After expenses--LT-NW gets $5472 for = the original deal, then ST-WH gets $5399 and L-Pac gets $12597.73. All thes= e annuities cannot just be killed as they liquidated on the 26th--of Februa= ry. It is probably a better idea to put everything back under the ST-NW boo= k...ideas?  Questions?  Just come see me and let me know. 
 How about this?  Evelyn, Please try to send or copy any emails to me at Williams III, Bill. NOT Williams, Bill. This email went to Bill Williams with Enron who happen to be in Sweden...  Kate Symes will be taking care of your spreadsheet when she has an opportunity. As you may be aware we have recently brought out EnronOnLine to the hourly market. We have seen a dramatic increase in volumes, and priorities have shifted as a result. Daily deadlines must be met. We are working on our deal entry accuracy. I appreciate your patience, we will attend to this issue shortly. 
 Christel, How are you? Hope you are doing well. I got your message last night about leaving the NW. Where are you going? When do you take off? Drop me a note if you have a chance.  Take care. Bill 
 Group, EOL is off to a great start and is already becoming an integral part of the real-time market! Each person who has put in substantial extra time entering and reconciling deals deserves congratulations. I do recognize and appreciate the hard work. As always, there is more work to be done. We have had significant difficulty integrating the increased volume of EOL trades into our current business practice. Some members of the group have experienced limited success, others have experienced little to no success. A standardization in our process will benefit the entire group and will allow us to make consistent improvements as time goes on. So going forward.  1.	All deals will be done under ST-Whourly. If there is lending, parking or a cut that corresponds to another book, we will make that deal for the entire strip (for 	example, W-BOM sells to EPE for HE 7-22--all one deal). We will then sell or buy the appropriate amount of energy from Whourly to that book (this interdesk deal 	will not be routed). We will do the interdesk transaction as one deal and will enter deal strips with pricing for each hour or hours where appropriate and will include 	transmission charges when necessary. In Enpower, use strips wherever possible...try to avoid extending deals in scheduling.  2. 	All imports and exports will be under the appropriate desk (for example ST-SW exporting from SP-15 to FC MUST be under ST-SW in CAPS). This will allow us to put everything under Whourly and have export/import fees paid for by the appropriate desk. Otherwise the Whourly book will be charged for 	wheeling and/or potentially congestion for other desks. When filling a Service customer (such as Wheelabrator or EES) we should pay for the import and export 	fees.  3.	A "skeleton" of an inc sheet should be developed as soon as possible each day.  Sales/purchases to or from EES should be made for the day and 	immediately input into the service sheet. Likewise...Service deals/Lending/Parking should be put into the sheet for the day where possible.  I would like to implement all of these practices immediately. Effective HE 1 08/29/01, THIS is our new business practice. Spread the word. I am looking for more suggestions for improvements on our process. We will have a meeting on September 4 to discuss group direction and ideas for improvement. This will be an important meeting at 4 PM on Tuesday September 4th. Please plan to attend.  See me at any time with suggestions or comments.  Thanks, Bill 
 What do you mean adjust our system according to MPC's numbers until you do?  Are we correct? If the answer is yes. Tell MPC we are correct, we have checked out with our counterparties (thereby verifying our incredible correctness), but..because we love them so much...we will...this time only...take it in the proverbial shorts.  Next time...it will of course...be there turn... Good luck and thanks for your help. B 
 Regarding this. 
 Sorry to hear about Racheal...so the Bretts weren't gay? But what about Nancy... I haven't been to the Breakroom. I think I will be coming up to Seattle on either Friday afternoon or Saturday morning. I haven't decided yet. I am taking Friday off from work though...my birthday is on Thursday...isn't your birthday here in the tail end of August--or am I thinking of Chuck. Erica Price? from the dorms, rowed crew, tall, red hair, sometimes slightly neurotic?..that would be kind of fun to run into her, anyway...I'll get back to you when I figure out what the heck is going on. Later. Bill 
 You have to love the availability of beautiful lasses for viewing. Things are interesting. Enron is moving right along and we will find out about who I am working for on Friday (our auction should be completed then). Not too much else is new. My place continues to get better (as I slowly furnish it), but Portland continues to be the little sister to Seattle. A couple new bars in town suggest she might be getting closer to puberty but definitely not the woman about town that Seattle is. Morgan told me you may no longer be with Steph? Is this true? (And I hope you are the only one reading this if it is not). If that is the case, well, we can see what we can do about it. As always, I have no plans the next couple weekends, so give me a shout (still have my cell phone at 503-887-3449) if you want to take a trip on down. Your always welcome to crash on my couch...(sorry its all I have, I got rid of the futon). Hope youre doing well.  Word. 
 Kate, This looks good and is well written. Send away. B 
 Kate, How do I get David removed from schedule crawler? Could you help me with this. Thanks, Bill 
 Guys,  Good looking discussion note last night. I appreciate the good work.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, I have copied in a note from Roger at EPE. As you can see they are placing a VERY high importance on economic dispatch of the units. Please be aware that every move with regards to marketing and running their system is under EXTREME scrutiny.  Please call me before you call our customer.  Thanks, Bill    Correction: The burner problem is on Newman 3.  (Thank You! Mr Ward)   The unit will be held at 85 MW's until repairs can be made.  The plan is to assess the problem Monday morning and make the necessary repairs.  If prices continue to be below cost we need to purchase power and back down local units.  With Copper off, the dispatch shows we need to purchase power for 5 or 6 hours through super peak.  Depending on load,  GT 1 and GT 2 should be put in the hole (around 7 to 10 MW's each) HE 1:00 through HE 9:00...  If  Market conditions are less than $14.00  BACK DOWN Four Corners...   As load picks up be sure to pick up Four Corners first! If there is a reason we have to dump FC power please send me a note!   If there is any confusion over whether to back down FC CALL.  Any questions or comments please call at  5808  or  915-204-1202...  Roger  <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 Dave, Good morning. When you have a chance. We need to get a third turret in the mix at RT. We should use Kate's turret if necessary. Please see me with ideas and or a timeline for getting this installed.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Sweet. Thanks for the call last night...Brad should be awesome. Where is it at? Let me know how your "evening" with Rachel goes.  Bill 
 Group, Beginning tomorrow, August 25th, we will be scheduling for California on Saturday and Sunday. Serena has put together a training manual outlining the process. The ST-CALI group will be on call to answer any questions or to help us handle cuts. This should be a simple integration into our Saturday and Sunday shifts. Please see me with questions, and be prepared with comments and/or concerns for our meeting the first week of September.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  A quick important reminder. Recently our disputes with EPE and other SW cou= nterparties have been growing. While I recognize that we have some newer me= mbers in the group, it is the responsibility of the senior members of the g= roup to train and help the newer members to avoid mistakes. The EPE system = is not overly complex. If you have questions during a shift call ME first. = Do not wake up Roger, do not go inadvertant. Our notes on the deal sheet ne= ed to include whether the power is firm or econ (again--you should almost n= ever buy econ--). The EPE lending fee was recently renegotiated down to $2.= We have to be sharp in our marketing of their system to maintain our abili= ty to lend and to lend at $2. Disputes with counterparties will quickly era= se this opportunity. Marketing for EPE, making appropriate choices with reg= ards to the units, checking out with dispatchers on time, and reconciling t= he CARP are basic expectations for this position and MUST be met. If you ha= ve questions, please see me. We will discuss EPE and EOL in our meeting at = the start of September.  Thanks, Bill 
 Real-Time is on board and is comfortable with this...any questions from settlements? 
 Thanks for the email, I already worked this out with Kal.  Bill 
 Good morning. We are off in position manager at Mid Columbia because of Enron Canada. I notified Murray at Enron Canada at approximately 6:15 this morning. Position manager is also not working properly, it is reporting a variance at Pacificorp system border ? and at Palo Verde. However the position manager shows no variance when detail is clicked. If you have questions, let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Kal, The delivery points are as follows:  Mid-C, NP-15, SP-15, and PV  And,  Products will currently be available for HE 12 through HE 20 Pacific Prevailing Time (PPT), for Monday through Friday.  I appreciate the hard work. Thanks,  Bill Williams Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Sunil, Per our conversation on the phone. We are getting several requests from customers to allow them to "personalize" their quotes to only include hourly EOL products. We are currently trading physical firm power at NP-15, SP-15, PV, and Mid-C for hours ending 12-20. A same day filter or hourly product filter would work nicely. Please let me know what you might need from me to get this accomplished as quickly as possible. Thanks,  Bill Williams Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Kate, We will be short  50 mws off-peak Sunday and Monday(that's all day Sunday and off-peak Monday) at @$36-check with Kysa on price.  25 mws on peak Monday at @$45 in SP-15 (check with Kysa)  25 mws on peak Monday at @$50 at PV with EPE (check with Holden)  25 mws off peak at MidC on Monday ONLY at $32 with ST-NW (we will sell to ST-NW--check with Diana S.)  Questions?  Let me know.   Word. B 
 There will be a 100 mw schedule delivered at COB to NCPA going on NCPA rights into NP-15. Phil Platter will be scheduling the purchase from NCPA in CAPS and submitting an HA 24 schedule. BE sure to watch what is in your templates in the morning.  The ST-NW desk will also be short day-ahead to PGE for Friday and Saturday. Diana will be sending an email.  Please call me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jack, Thank you for the call. Below are the names of the folks in our real-time group, they share the same phone and fax number. You can include me on this list as well. I appreciate your help with this.  Thanks, Bill    Name			Email				Phone			Fax Bill Williams		bill.williams.iii@enron.com	503-464-3730		503-464-7996  Ryan Slinger		ryan.slinger@enron.com		1-800-684-1336		503-464-7996 Geir Solberg		geir.solberg@enron.com Mark Guzman		mark.guzman@enron.com Bert Meyers		bert.meyers@enron.com Leaf Harasin		leaf.harasin@enron.com Eric Linder		eric.linder@enron.com David Porter		david.v.porter@enron.com Steve Merriss		steve.merriss@enron.com Craig Dean		craig.dean@enron.com John Anderson		john.anderson@enron.com Darin Presto		darin.presto@enron.com Mike Meier		michael.mier@enron.com Kate Symes		kate.symes@enron.com 
 ONE MORE TIME!  DO NOT SELL BELOW $15 FOR EL PASO WITHOUT RAMPING DOWN FOUR CORNERS!  READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE GENERATION DISPATCH.  Do NOT let this happen again.    See me or another experienced member of the group with questions or concerns.   B 
 Heather, Count me in, I'll buy a bike. 100% here I come. B 
 Through Terminal Server (1).  Bill 
 A quick heads up. We relieved congestion this morning (08/16/01). The hours and volumes are in the inc sheet. Thanks, Bill 
 Monika,  I have attached your review, for our conference call tomorrow morning at 10 AM Houston time. Talk to you then.  Bill 
 Guys,  We are missing the congestion revenue from HE 7 on Saturday morning (10 mws at $99.00) in the flash we received yesterday.  Remember, the awarded congestion wheel caused the 10 mw variance we discussed on Monday.  Please see me with questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, Another update on the situation with California. Check out the letter. Good questions... 
 Group,  Recently there have been complaints regarding chew in the kitchen sink, chew scattered around the edge of garbage cans, and chew spit cups left on desks. Although we are not the only group that uses tobacco products, we are the most visible. The relaxed atmosphere of the group is a priviledge and I expect each person in the group to be responsible for the appearance of our desk and the perception of our desk by others on the floor. Leaving chew spit cups on other desks or throwing chew in the sink is unacceptable. It is a simple thing.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Recently there have been complaints regarding chew in the kitchen sink, chew scattered around the edge of garbage cans, and chew spit cups left on desks. Although we are not the only group that uses tobacco products, we are the most visible. The relaxed atmosphere of our group is a priviledge and I expect each person in the group to be responsible for the appearence of our desk and the perception of our desk by others on our floor. Leaving chew spit cups on other desks or throwing chew in the sink is unacceptable. It is a simple thing.  Thanks, Bill 
 Journalism? Pretty big Enron influence in this article from what I can tell... What are your thoughts? 
 Jim and Darren,  We relieved Path 15 congestion for HE 7 on Saturday morning.  We flowed 10 mws from Malin to FC345. This resulted in the 10 mw "variance" in the report. I have added deals to Enpower to flatten the report, these deals are only necessary for the sake of the report. The identical variance in the north and south indicates a wheel or load shift. I prefer to not enter these extra deals. Please see me with questions if you do not understand why the report variance exists.  Thanks, Bill 
 Geir,  Avista put in the 100 mw sale at $70 for HE 1.  BPA and CAISO accepted the schedule. I have changed enpower deal #727620 (SCL) to a zero for HE 1, and enpower deal #727622 (Avista) to 250 mws from 150 mws for HE 1.  Good work on getting this schedule taken care of. Bill 
 Alan, I think you have identified the most pressing issues. Certainly the ability to go long or short into R/T will be important and hopefully the CISO will follow through on its efforts to "strive for simplicity and transparency." Any idea what the penalties for being long or short in R/T might be?  In the CISO's proposal the first two "goals" for the real time market appear to be at odds with each other. Also, I think we should push to rid ourselves of 10-minute dispatch at tie points. I understand the CAISO keeping the ADS in-state but it has not worked at tie-points. Feel free to let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks for the update.  Bill 
 Kate, We are short 25 mws in SP15 at $43 for Tuesday.  I am unsure if ST-CALI is doing anything. We are short 25 mws at PV at @$50 with ST-SW on EPE lending for Tuesday.  Let me know if you have questions, and you may want to check prices with these desks. Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, We recieved congestion relief revenue from the CAISO for Sunday and Monday, August 12th and 13th. Thanks, Bill 
  Bert, When buying from any desk on the floor, you should have a sale from that desk (say ST-CALI) to either WHourly or WBOM, then do enpower as normal. The interdesk sale will not pull up in scheduling and you will have to route the sale in Enpower to the physical buy by the other desk (another words...ST-CALI buys from imbalance, sells to WHourly/WBOM, then WHourly/WBOM sells to EPMICALPOOL, then WHourly/WBOM sells to EPE. Please let me know if you have questions.  Bill 
 Jessica,  Please remove me from this list. I am not involved with the management of anyone in this pool.  Thanks, Bill Williams III 503-464-3730 
 Lisa, Please do not charge EPE the $0.25 scheduling fee on EPE lending or parking with us or ST-SW. Questions? Just ask. Thanks, Bill 
 WAY TO GO BIG!!! Good job...nice accomplishment. Much props! B 
 Guys, You can find out the information you need on the website. The website is www.wscc.com, click on certification and training, scroll down to the Schedulers Course manual.  Print off the schedulers course manual and study it.  You will be tested on the material, a pre-test and a post-test. (note:you will need to access the site in Explorer to get the manuals).  You can call telephone# 801-582-0353 to get information on the scheduler's course (this is the main-line to WSCC so you will have to ask around a bit).  Please arrange for those on night shift to get in about 15-25 minutes early so you can leave at 5:10 on the 13th. Thanks, Bill 
 Murray, We tally up our exposure each day based on the California flash.  Our monthly exposure can be found at P:\RealTime\Exposure\August Exposure. We are keeping a very close eye on it.  Thanks, B 
 Jim, We have congestion revenue again for 08_07. We moved 272 mws at $194. Total revenue should be $52768.  Thanks, Bill 
 Neil, The revenue for the sale that Phil entered to the CAISO will be captured by our volume management group.  RT will have no access to this revenue.  Consequently, we will not buy or sell it on your behalf to capture it. Please give me a call tomorrow for a more thorough explanation. Thanks, Bill 
 Scott, I had not heard from you in a while and was wandering what you might be up to? Still in Seattle? Coming down to Portland anytime soon? Let me know. word.  B 
 Accused? Easy there. RT is clean. Just like you said...all with the tags and the up and up! B 
 Thanks! 
 Jim, I just wanted to bring to your attention the volume of congestion that we relieved last night. It looks like 28 mws at $198 and 75 mws at $223.00. This should be at total revenue of $22,269.00.  Please see me with any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, I would like to restrict access to this directory.  It is P:\RealTime\ I would like only the members of the real-time group to have access.  That is... Geir Solberg Ryan Slinger Leaf Harasin Mark Guzman David Porter Bert Meyers Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean Kate Symes Todd Bland Casey Anderson Darrin Presto Mike Meier(sp?)  as well as... Greg Wolfe Mike Tully  Please see me with questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Yo! Yeah, I am taking a look at it.  How are the interviews coming?  If you want to meet me for lunch, we can grab some pens and go over the thing. I am going to need information from you, and find out what you want to show.  Anything good going on this week? B 
 Spin was exercised for HE 9 and HE 10 at 08:35 and 09:35 respectively. 
 I am not involved with communications...  Thanks, Bill 
 FYI CAISO returns to Primary server. 
 Group,  Please join me in a meeting Tuesday at 4:30 in Mt. Hood.  We will be discussing strategy and group direction! Pizza will also be in attendance.  Thanks, B 
 Kate, Here is some new info, and some updated info for our packet. Let me know if you have questions.    , , 
   http://dotect.ect.enron.com/genstat/epe/status/ 
 Group, We will be performing a new service for EES. On Monday, August 6th the ST-CALI desk will have submitted ancillary service bids to the CAISO for EES load.  LADWP will be providing the capacity (SPIN), we will be dispatched over the ADS system, and then need to call the amount into LADWP.  We need to keep track of the amount exercised.  We should do this in the Service Sheet and then record the amount dispatched on the sheet to EES on Tuesday morning as well.  The tags are in the front of the services book for Monday.  The shape is as follows.  Time			Volume			Tie Point     		Type HE 7			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 8			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 9			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 10			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 11			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 12			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 13			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 14			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 15			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 16			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 17			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 18			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 19			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 20			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 21			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 22			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin  Please call me with any questions.  503-887-3449-cell 503-274-0502-home  Thanks, Bill 
 Elliot, I have attached the standard PEP review form. The last three categories regarding goal setting and objectives to be acheived still need to be completed.  Feel free to add in any comments you might have in other sections as well. I will plan on meeting with Jesse and you early next week.  If you have any questions just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Chuckle, chuckle. 
 Pedantic is...  1 : of, relating to, or being a pedant 2 : narrowly, stodgily, and often ostentatiously learned 3 : UNIMAGINATIVE, PEDESTRIAN 
 Group,  When doing imports and exports at tie points for other desks, be sure to put the other desk as the Customer in CAPS.  This prevents inappopriate charges going against the real-time book.  Import and Export fees are typically in the nature of $5 per mm on a wheel.  Thanks, Bill 
 The new column on the services sheet regards energy that we may need to market but that is not prescheduled, usually in the off peak hours...Call with any questions. Home number is 503-274-0502 Thanks, Bill 
 After yesterdays cuts there have been some changes in the Colstrip Cut Procedures. 
 Geir, Here is your interview schedule for tomorrow.    Geir Solberg, Mt. Rainier Conference Room - August 2, 2001 12:00pm-12:45pm - Tom Alonso 12:45pm-1:30pm - Greg Wolfe 1:30pm-2:15pm - Matt Motley 
 When Colstrip goes down we will be short at Montana system and long at PGE System.  We need to buy a transmission wheel from BPA (Account#736780) from PGE System to the Montana System Border.  If need be we can also do a Buy-Resale with WWP to move the energy from PGE Sys/Mid-C/LOLO to the Montana System Border.  The method for documentation and cleaning up enpower are below.   1.) In enpower, build an index forward buy from PGE under LTNW book for the total amount of mws cut due to colstrip going down.  Use the DOW JONES MIDC index (remember to specify in the index if it is on or off-peak).  Enter an offset of .10  .  2.) Enter a transmission deal from BPA.   (MIDC to MPC SYS)  The transmission fee is $2.52  3.) Go into deal scheduling and query  under the counterparty PGE.  Select all  4.) Bring up all deals of the counterparties involved at Colstrip---- specifically, Ashgrove,Conocpil, Energywesr, Louisiana Pacific, and Smurfit Stone, etc. (these enpower deal numbers can be located under the counterparties name in lotus notes.)  5.)Zero out the buy from PGE @MPC SYS  6.) Finally link the deals.  7.) Check real time postion manager, make sure you are flat.  If you have questions regarding this procedure please let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Kate, I would be glad to look at anything you had... B 
 Scotty, What's up? Checking to see if this was your email or not? Haven't heard from you in forever. Hope you had a good new year. Drop me a line and give me the word.  Bill 
 Very GOOD! 
  Yo! 
 Group,  We will have a real-time meeting on Tuesday August 7th at 4:30PM.  The meeting will run till 5:30. We will go over Hourly EOL implementation, Cuts (yet again), new group members, and market changes.  Our baseball trip to the suite is Thursday August 16th.  Food and beverages will be provided.  Finally, reviews are coming.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  A quick reminder. The cell phones are for group member to group member usage.  As such, calling between group members, and our 1-800-684-1336 number is free.  We have 200 minutes each for use in calling other members of the West Desk on work related matters.  Over the past two months we have greatly exceeded our allowable minutes per month.  Some members of the group have exceeded their allotment by over 200 minutes per month!    Group member to group member usage is approximately 45-90 minutes per month-and this is not calculated in the minutes used.  If you want to use this phone as your only phone, let me know, and we will work out a calling and billing plan for you.  Thank you, B 
 Leslie, This looks good to me.  Thanks for the update. Bill 
 Group,  STWBOM is short tomorrow (07/31/01) on Peak in SP-15.  We are short 25 mws at $51.74.  STCALI is short 4 mws(?) on peak in SP-15 at $51.74. ST-CALI is long 24 mws off peak at a price of $25.  If you have questions, just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 These look good from my end.  Thank you for the update. Bill 
 Sweet.  Just grab me after lunch sometime I spose...if that works for you. 
 We can meet.  Who else do we need?  Anyone? 
 I would like to get this process going as quickly as possible. Interviews on Thursday? Thanks, Bill 
 Good morning. Hope your new year is off to a great start! 
 Thank you Kate. 
 That sounds good to me. I appreciate your help. Bill 
 Group,  I have discussed our lack of handsets with Dave Steiner.  Dave perceives an appetite for handsets in the real-time group, however, we should be getting new handsets (two for each turret) early next week.  These handsets will be labeled Real-Time, this should prevent others from switching out our handsets.  If one of these handsets stops working (cuts out or mute doesn't work) please let me know. Dave Steiner will be providing these handsets without charging us, but if a heightened handset consumption continues, we will have to pay for them.  Dave suggested that we make sure to hang up the handsets, as they tend to get damaged quickly on the ground (apparently it stresses the connections and leads to them cutting out). I feel this goes without saying but maybe...  Thanks for your help with this.  Bill 
 I think you know. 
 Dave, Sorry it has taken so long to get back to you. First, regarding handsets.  Each real-time desk needs 2 handsets.  Kate Symes needs another handset under her desk as well. Also, I need to have my extension displayed on Kate Symes turret, and on each RT turret as well.  Also on Stewart Rosman's, Greg Wolf's, Les Rawson's and Chris Foster's.  I also need Kate Symes extension displayed on my turret (this is an immediate concern beyond the handsets). Her TRID is #106 ext. 3939, my TRID is #140 ext. 3730. I will address our treatment of handsets with the group. Feel free to grab me this afternoon before 4PM for a meeting if you still have time. Thanks for the help. Bill 
 Easy there Gentleman 
 Group,  I received a call from Warren McReynold at the BPA today.  Warren was concerned with the level of service that our group is providing.  Warren explained to me the necessity and importance of calling in and reporting the actual amount of energy generated by Grays Harbor and Frontier EVERY hour.  The group at BPA cannot close their accounting books and meet reliability performance measures without our information.  I am meeting with Warren on Tuesday.  Warren is inclined to recommend to BPA that we are incapable of this service because of our inconsistent performance.  Such a recommendation would severely limit Enron's ability to produce value for our service customers in the near term and would likely prevent us from attracting new customers.  I believe that we can provide Warren's group with the information that it needs with minimal impact to our trading.  Therefore:  We must call Grays Harbor and Frontier at the top of EVERY hour.  Then we need to call BPA and communicate the ACTUAL energy generated, not an estimate.  Finally, sign off the hour in the services book.  Les has provided us with the needed information for each day. Reserves can only be used for the hour that we are in, than we must resupply the schedule from a different source by working with the BPA marketers. If you have a question regarding reserves or pulling a schedule--please call Les or me.  If this process takes more than 5 minutes, please let me know. It is each trader's responsibilty to make this work.  It should be noted that we need to do this even if the generator is prescheduled, and must to continue to do this until these generators are automatically metered.  And yes, we will be compensated by the Services desk for our work.  This service is a priority and should be treated as such.  Please see me with your comments and concerns regarding this job function.  Thanks, Bill 
 Last time I checked, no one could tell the difference. B 
 Steve, Great email! Arbitrary and capricious indeed. More like ridiculous. 
 **Per Tony at EPE, the following is new for 2002. I will attempt to get more information and pass it on as I receive it.**  First, TNP now has a 75 MW call on EPE.  The schedule you see on the unit commitment was called in by PNM on behalf of TNP. Lets keep checking TNP schedules real-time to minimize inadverdant on this sale.  Second, SPS exchange now is 130 MW light load, SPS provides EPE 130 MW at the Eddy tie and EPE returns the power 100 MW at PV and 30 at FC. Again, this schedule will have to be verified real time with SPS/PSCO.  **The TNP schedule is verified with PNM and is delivered at Hidalgo. 25 is firm just like the last two years, 50 is econ. and can be varied by PNM each hour.**  Please ask if you have any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Gentlemen,  After discussion with Roger, the Four Corners Units 4 and 5 are NOT take or pay.  This means that rather than selling from these units below the Lambda (unit cost is approximately $13), we should ramp them down.  They should still be the last units down (Copper off, then the steamer, then FC's). Because of restrictions on the units you may not be able to ramp the units all the way down all the time. Also, be sure to work closely with the dispatchers to ramp the units back up in a timely fashion. I apologize for misinformation on my part regarding these units.  If you have questions please see me, otherwise...spread the word.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We have purchased 50 mws from LV Cogen for HE 8, HE 9 and HE 10 at $35.  We will need to buy transmission from NEVP from Nevada system to Mead 230 and then into the CAISO for HE 8 thru HE 10.  This energy can go towards the ST-CALI and ST-WBOM short in SP-15. I will do enpower for these deals when I arrive in the morning. Remember to give NEVP 2 hours of notice-maybe even 2 and a half...Please call me with any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Are you kidding me?  This is absurd. 
 Group,  We are short 50 mws for tomorrow at PV through lending with EPE.  25 mws will be under ST-SW, 25 mws will be under ST-WBOM.  We are also short 65 mws for tomorrow at SP-15.  25 mws will be under ST-WBOM, 40 mws will be under ST-CALI.  Both schedules are HE 7-22.  All deals should be under appropriate books.  Please take extra time with the EPE lending.  We would like to do this size throughout August and want to make sure they have no problems.  Details regarding prices and deal numbers will be coming from Kate.  Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, On the new deal summary for 07/23/01, I changed the El Paso Electric deal #697528 price from $4 to $68. I should not receive the $25524.54 as revenue shown in the new deal summary.  Is there any way to recalculate this (or simply zero it out) prior to the morning flash? Let me know what I can do to help. Thanks, Bill 
 Kate, I think we need to enter the buy from EPE flat to our day ahead sale to STSW.  Otherwise the new deal sheet shows revenue that we did no receive. B 
 Sounds good. B 
 Group,  I have attached the following cut procedures that should be of benefit as we move into fire season.  The sheet is very basic but spells out my expectations for handling a cut.  The most important thing to remember is to document everything and call with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We have had some problems recently with the creation of HA finals, with SQL errors, and as a result we have not been able to run reports. If it is a weekend (or holiday), we first need to import DA finals and then create DA finals in CAPS. After this is done we can import HA finals, and create the HA report. If the boxes are not checked, the CISO may have missed publishing certain hours. Please look in the load zones to find what hour-ahead finals may not have been published, or where CAPS may have just missed pulling them in. Sometimes it helps to pull the missing hour-ahead finals in individually. Once all the finals are in the load zones and int. interchanges, you should be able to create the final report. Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
  Baruuuh? 
 Great. Thanks, B 
 Cara, We are short 14 mws at the Portland General System in position manager for Friday, July 20th.  HE 5 and HE 6.  Pacificorp deal #694155 is not in for those hours. Could you look into this? Thanks, Bill 
 Kate, EPE will be lending us a schedule for Tuesday, 25 mws at $4 at PV. The schedule will be on peak.  Similar to today.  Please work with the preschedulers to get the sheet correct (Friday's sheet for Monday had a duplicate 10 mw schedule in it). Let me know if you have questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Apparently not. The EPE preschedule sheet had a 25 mw lending position in... We'll have to work with the preschedulers to get it squared away.  B 
 Kate, We need to move you more towards a trading support role and less of a settlements role.  Please take some time over the weekend to consider what might be helpful for the desk (ie. collecting pertinent weather information, transmission derates, day-ahead prices, congestion, historical spreads, etc.) and let me know on Monday or Tuesday what we can do.  Take your time but have a good weekend.  Bill 
 Tim, Per our conversation on Friday regarding the WBOM book, I will limit spreads to 50 with a net of 25 open.  If you have any questions or have further feedback, just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 After a year in RT...yeah, you could do it... 
 Will do. Thanks B 
 If this works for you, please copy and paste it into your own email and send it on. Thanks- B  Group,  We are lending from El Paso Electric on Monday. We have sold 15 mws for HE 7-22 to ST-SW at $62.50.  We are paying El Paso $4 for the service to lend from their system.   The sell to ST-SW is under the ST-WBOM book (#696314), the purchase from EPE is also under the WBOM book (deal #696315-note the price will be changed to $4 on Monday from $56).  Please buy energy to cover this 15 mw short on Monday under the ST-WBOM book and sell to EPE at $0 under the ST-WBOM book.  The deal is physically prescheduled going out from EPE.  We need to schedule the 15 mw going to EPE.  Please do NOT buy from EPE in the morning even though they may be fat.  We are hoping to do more lending with EPE going forward and therefore need to make this as easy as possible for their dispatchers (do not bring up lending to them-it will lead to unnecessary confusion).  If you have any questions concerning this procedure please call me. 503-887-3449 (c) or 503-274-0502 (h).  Thanks, Bill 
 Greg,  I wanted to check with you quickly regarding taking a month-long position i= n August.  I would like to buy a piece of NP, sell a piece of SP, and sell = PV. I believe that value exists in taking these positions into the real-tim= e market throughout August.  NP and SP are currently trading near flat.  I = think the potential for real-time congestion revenue(RT has seen approximat= ely $250,000 so far this month) across constrained paths in California make= s this a low risk way to generate value in a low liquidity market. I have d= iscussed a month long short at PV with Tom Alonso. While I recognize the re= st of the desk has a position, I think RT can generate good value liquidati= ng in the shoulder hours beyond what could be generated by just filling dai= lies because of the current price levels.  This also represents a relativel= y low risk trade (under $10 downside).  I also would like to use these posi= tions as a basis in hourly EOL trading as well.  If you have concerns or qu= estions please let me know, otherwise I will put these positions on over th= e next week.  Thanks, Bill 
 I don't know, where you planning on going?  If you are, I may not. It depends what is on the agenda. B 
 Kourtney, Just a quick heads up for the flash. Path 26 was derated last night for HE 19 through HE 24.  For HE 24 the price for congestion revenue was $247.98.  We were awarded 218 mws of congestion relief by the CAISO.  This should equal $54059.64 in congestion revenue to ECTRT. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Kate, I will not have time today.  Perhaps it can wait till tomorrow. Thanks, Bill 
 Amy, I added a sentence describing the potential for this position to be temporary. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We will be taking over the dispatch of Enron Canada Corp.'s Sundance 3 and 4 units for the evenings of July 19-July 22 (beginning at 18:00 PDT and ending at 6:00 PDT every day, except July 20, where the start time will be 15:00 PDT).  Here is a note of things to remember:  ?	SD3 will be coming down for maintenance July 20 at approximately 20:00 PDT.  The plant will call with updates periodically.  Please record this information in the dispatch log.  This can be accessed through the 'Albertapower' site.  Scroll down from Fundamentals to Admin, and at the bottom of the page is the dispatch log. The fundamentals site can be found at  http://albertapower/xnav/default.htm  ?	SD4 has all of its power offered into the Pool at $5.  That's 353MW @ $5.  Therefore you shouldn't have to worry about dispatching the plant up and down.  ?	ECC's  telephone line (403-974-6900) has been forwarded to your line for the required hours.  You will receive phone calls from the power pool or the plant on this line.  ?	The number for the plant is 780-960-7803 and the number for the power pool is 403-233-7403.  You will have to access the power pool ETS website in case an energy restatement of our Sundance units is needed.  This most likely won't happen.  In case it does, the site is www.powerpool.ab.ca.   [You must Login (top right hand corner) as John A. Zufferli-this MUST be done on my computer.  Click on ETS, then Submission.] - our passwords are not currently working...so... you can call the Alberta powerpool for help. You can then restate the offers of SD3 and SD4 as required. Unless something changes you will need to fax the resubmission to Alberta Power Pool and have them resubmit it.  ?	If you have any problems you can reach Bill Greenizan at 620-1180 or his pager at  billgreenizan@epagenet.net.  PLEASE CALL ME WITH QUESTIONS! Thanks,  Bill 
 I am available at any point this morning, including now. B 
 Virginia,  I spoke with Mike Swerzbin and Mike Driscoll this morning regarding an annuity from ST-Whourly to LT-NW to compensate LT-NW for energy at Montana that was not sold on June 4th.  ST-Whourly will pay LT-NW our average hourly price per mw for that energy.  That price is $23 per mw.  Please revise the annuity as appropriate. If you have any questions, please come see myself or Mike.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Group, Please continue our policy of NOT buying energy from or selling energy to the California Imbalance.  I do not feel comfortable with the many risks associated with these transactions at this time (financial, physical, legal, political).  Please see me on an individual basis with questions or discussion regarding this.  Thanks, Bill 
 Good morning, Hope you had a great holiday!  Bill 
 Kate, We are missing an ID-S from ST-WBOM to ST-CALI for Saturday.  We sold 50 mws to ST-CALI at $42.89.  This should be the same as Friday's deal #683947.  We either need a new deal for Saturday or need to make Friday's on-peak deal carry over into Saturday.  If you are changing the Friday deal you need to do it before the flash, otherwise if you make a new deal for Saturday you should have some time.  Thanks for the help.  Bill 
 Kate, Good morning, hope you had a good weekend. I have run the SAR for Friday's West-BOM piece.  The SAR and INC sheet are matching if the 42 mw purchase from the imbalance at $44 is factored in--Remember, we were cut for HE 10 when Palo Verde 2 went down, this is a RT cut and is not in CAPS. Please make sure that the $44 is accounted for under ST-WBOM in the Volume Management flash.  You may want to walk over and "remind" them of this.  I am running the SAR for Saturday through Monday.  Hopefully everything will work.  If you need anything over the next few days, give me a call on my cell. John Anderson will be in at 8.  Could you also look into getting him set up with his access to our systems.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are long on Sunday.  15 mws for HE 12-20 at NP15 in PGE3 at $25.  I made the deals as DA schedules in CAPS.  I have made the purchase from the APX and the sale to imbalance (#685979, #685978).  We are long on Monday.  Shaped schedule.  Price of $35.  HE 10:	35 HE 11:	30 HE 12:	25 HE 13-17: 15 HE 18: 10 HE 19-21: 15  I have made the purchase from APX and the sale to the imbalance in Enpower (#685980,685981). Schedules are in CAPS under ST-WBOM.  Templates have been submitted Day ahead.  Please make real-time purchases from the Calimbalance and corresponding sales under ST-WBOM in Enpower during real time.  Please call me with questions. 503-887-3449  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  I will be out of the office visiting CDWR, SMUD and NCPA on Monday through Wednesday.  I should be back Wednesday afternoon.  You can reach me on my cell phone if you need.  Thanks, Bill 
 I am working on getting Nate's email. I will try to get him to show up at indoor on Monday. B 
 Group, A quick note regarding Pace transmission reservations on their oasis sites.  We have recently paid PACE $57,000 for transmission in May that we reserved but did not flow.  PACE says that their transmission is on a take or pay basis.  My contention is that we may have reserved the transmission, but then attempted to remove it immediately (wrong hour, wrong mw value on the submission etc.) and were unable to, or were told by the dispatcher that the dispatcher would take care of it.   Then nothing happens.  There are two things we need to do to prevent this.  One: Submit our transactions correctly the first time.  Then withdraw them immediately through the Pacificorp Oasis system if there is a problem.  Two: Send me an email each time the dispatchers remove requests on our behalf, or if We/PAC are/is unable to take the request out of their computer system.  Hopefully, this will prevent the extra charges, or give us a means to pull tapes and contest the charges.  Thanks for your help in limiting these egregious expenses  Bill 
 Green Room,  Granted, I missed the last game and though I may not deserve to present an opinion given my lengthy stay on the reserve list, I also favor the move to D1.  I think better competition will be more fun, provided that we field a full team (speaking mostly at myself here) on a consistent basis.  I have started playing again and am hoping to be back for the Fall season, I also know another player-Nate Stanton (he has played with a few of us in indoor)-who is interested in playing and is a bit quicker and better than myself.  So for what it's worth.  D1 all the way.  Thanks.  B 
 Kate,  This is the last message from the total transfer capabilities folks.  I would like you to find this information and distill the relevant information from it.  We can go through what constitutes relevant information this afternoon.  I am working on adding you to the market status list, this will provide you with market information regarding real-time derates or market orders.  Finally, I would recommend printing the CAISO tariff off and reading it over the weekend or next few weeks.  Boring, but important.  B 
 Kristie,  Hello. How are you? What are you doing these days? I hope you are doing well. It has been a while to say the least, but the other day Brendan and I were talking about college and your name came up (oddly enough). I mentioned that I hadn't talked to you for over two years, and was curious what you were up to.  Brendan said he might have your old email address, so I asked for it and figured I would drop you a note.  I hope you don't mind.  Anyway I am still living in Portland but I am no longer practicing metallurgical engineering.  I began trading power about a year and a half ago for Enron.  I now manage the  west hourly power trading group. The job is great, very challenging and everchanging, though I don't believe my company is too popular down your way right now (you are in San Francisco, right?)...  My job consumes my time, but I am still playing soccer and still riding that same loud red motorcycle around when I have a chance. I just bought my first home, its a condominium downtown next to the Portland Art Museum.  The place is definitely small but has a lot of character.  It was an old hotel, originally built in 1926, that has just been gutted and refurbished.  It is about eight blocks from my office at the World Trade Center, so walking to work in the mornings is great.  The city is still asleep and eerily quiet in the morning twilight when I walk to work.  The walk helps wake me up and gets me prepared for the morning rush on the trading floor.  So, if you have a chance drop me a line and let me know how you are. This email address of mine works (though everything on it is subject to subpoena by the good state of California), or you can give me a call at 503-887-3449. I'd love to hear from you and catch up a bit, as I often wonder what you are up to.  Take care.  Bill 
 John, Here are the remaining hourly traders.  Bill Williams Ryan Slinger Holden Salisbury Geir Solberg Bert Meyers Craig Dean Casey Anderson Mike Mier  Let me know if you need anything else...  Bill 
 Check this out...you should read Liar's Poker by Michael Lewis, and Den of Thieves. Good stuff.   He notes that Enron management lacked an 'honor among thieves,' but predicts that Enron alumni will flourish. I suspect he is working on the Enron book right now.---sch Is Enron the New Drexel? By Michael Lewis, the author of ``Liar's Poker'' and ``The New New Thing.'' Berkeley, California, Dec. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp. is rapidly expanding the American business journalists' notion of what is possible: No story can ever again be said to be too outrageous to be true. The boss, Kenneth Lay, was a friend of the current president of these United States, an adviser to his administration and one of his biggest financial backers. The company itself was rated ``strong buy'' by analysts at almost every Wall Street firm, considered a shining example of modern accounting by reputable accounting firms, and plugged endlessly by the business press. Six years running as Fortune's most innovative company! And all the while this same operation was, at the very top, a lie. Understandably, people long for some analogy to help them grasp this situation, but really there isn't a good one. Other than failed hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management, Michael Milken's junk bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert offers the closest parallels on Wall Street, and several people have written to me over the past week to suggest it. But it really is unfair to Milken to compare him to Lay. Alumni Will Flourish True, in both cases profitable trading businesses collapsed because their creditors came to distrust the people who ran them. And in both cases the core business -- Drexel's junk bonds and Enron's energy trading -- remain viable in the hands of other companies that banks trust. Just as the Drexel junk bond traders who didn't go to jail went to other Wall Street firms and created replicas of their former business, former Enron traders will soon be making lots of money for one-time rivals such as Dynegy Inc. and Duke Energy Corp. Well before Kenneth Lay emerges from his legal hell, the energy trading business will return to normal. But the morality of the cases are entirely different. Whatever you think of Milken's junk bond department -- and I think its sins were minor beside its achievements -- you must admit the people in it exhibited a certain honor among thieves. There was never a moment when Milken betrayed the broad interests of his traders for his own narrow ones. He paid himself huge sums of money, but he also made huge sums for his firm. He was careful to watch out for the little people who worked for him, and they loved him for it. The Enron bosses, by contrast, pillaged their firm and left the little people who worked for them holding the bag. Different Motivations Enron created the illusion that it was much more profitable than it actually was. Milken created an operation which was, if anything, much more profitable than it looked. What Milken hid was the thuggish manner in which he made his profits. What Enron hid was the sneaky way it made its losses. (This is something I still don't understand, and would love for some enterprising reporter to explain, as Enron seems intent on explaining nothing. The off-the-books partnerships that brought Enron down appear to have been a mechanism for hiding bad investments in hard assets -- Turkish gas pipelines, Indian power plants and the like. Why did Enron, which made its money as an intermediary, invest in this stuff in the first place?) The speed with which the markets have punished Enron reflects the differences between it and Drexel. In Drexel's case, it took a multiyear investigation by the U.S. government, together with a smear campaign in the press, to bring down the business. In Enron's case, all it took was a couple of articles in the Wall Street Journal pointing out, among other things, that senior executives were profiting at the company's expense. In Drexel's case, the demise of the firm and the jailing of Milken was pretty much the end of the story. In Enron's, the fate of the company and its leaders may open up a much bigger scandal that reaches right up to the top. Anything is possible. 
 The CAISO has a new website.  The link below should take you there.  Workspace can be accessed by clicking SCW.  Congestion can be found under the Transmission tab on the far right. Please take some time to become familiar with the new site.   http://oasis.caiso.com/ 
 I apologize for the "glaring".  b 
 One more time. We have also bought HE 21 and HE 22 from the APX.  We bought 20 mws at $32 for HE 21 and 23 mws at $30 for HE 22. No more messages. 
 We have also bought HE 10 and HE 11 from the APX.  We bought 35 mws for HE 10 at $35, and 31 mws for HE 11 at $35. 
 Group,  We are short 50 mws in ST-WBOM at $42.88 for HE 7-22 Friday and Saturday in SP-15.    I have picked up some shaped mws from the APX for the afternoon peak on Friday.  These pieces will need to be scheduled with the APX as the counterparty for HE 12-20.  HE 12: 26 mws HE 13: 23 mws HE 14: 20 mws HE 15: 17 mws HE 16: 18 mws HE 17: 16 mws HE 18: 17 mws HE 19: 20 mws HE 20: 19 mws Price is $35.  ST-CALI is also 25 mws short both days on-peak.    Thanks, Bill 
 Sounds great. 
 Group,  The baseball game will be on Thursday July 26th, NOT Monday July 16th.  Gates open at 6:30.  Refreshments and pizza will be provided. Everyone should plan to attend.  Please let me know if you cannot.  Thanks, Bill 
 Due to the relatively weak real-time market during morning hours, we wanted to communicate a strategy for dec. bidding or buying-back generation that you've sold forward.  We want to stress that this is a relatively short-term strategy.  As the weather turns cold during the late-Autumn and Winter months, the morning hours actually trade at a premium on the real-time market.  Lately, HE1-10 have been very weak real-time, ranging between $25 and $40.  We have two strategies that we would like to suggest: Group, We have two important items regarding the services and asset management side of our business.  First, The CAISO has been calling repeatedly regarding outages.  We will continue to call the CAISO for every outage (including when Black Hills goes down 200 kWh).  Donna has worked closely with the CAISO regarding their new tariff and her information appears below.  It is very important that we do not expose ourselves to charges by not notifying the CAISO of an outage.  Second, We will be working with the generators to execute buy-backs or supplemental dec. bids when market conditions warrant.  Stan has written an email to the generators also detailed below.  Stan and Chris will be contacting the generators over the next few days to review this email with them.  Afterwards the Real-Time group will contact the generators and initiate one of the two strategies when profitable.  Real-Time will retain 50% of the profits over the generator's day ahead profits.  Please let me know if you have any questions or feedback.  Thanks,  Bill   __________________________________________________________________________  I have reviewed documents from the ISO's website regarding forced outages as they relate to the June 19 FERC order and concluded the following:  (1) During a System Emergency, a penalty based on twice the highest price paid for energy in the hour could be assessed if the Participating Generator does not notify the ISO of the outage within the operating hour of the outage, and  (2) During a Non-System Emergency, a generator could be assessed a penalty if it fails to report the forced outage within the operating hour.  If you have any questions at all, I can be reached at extension 7733.  Thanks, Donna  __________________________________________________________________________  1.  Decremental Supplemental Bids We can submit dec. bids to the ISO at a price below your cost to generate.  Basically, we would be letting the ISO know that we're willing to reduce generation and actually buy the mw's from the ISO to cover the prescheduled quantity.  You are still paid the day-ahead price for the day-ahead quantity, but instead of generating it, you would be buying it from the ISO.  For example, if your cost to generate is $40, and you sell day-ahead for $50, you make $10/MWh.  If the ISO takes the decremental bid, and the price is $30, then you make $20/MWh.  Advantages - A relatively large upside, the price the ISO charges could actually go negative, as large as negative $91.87.  Also, you would actually be buying from the ISO, as opposed to selling to the ISO and being subject to credit risk.  Disadvantages - Ten minute dispatch.  When we submit decremental bids, the ISO has the option to either reduce or increase output of the unit every 10 minutes.  In addition to the physical problems this might create, the settlements statement you receive might be relatively elaborate and possibly difficult to follow.  2.  Buying-Back Blocks in the Bi-Lateral Market: This strategy calls for our real-time traders to buy blocks of energy in the bi-lateral market for below your cost to generate.  This would call for you to reduce your generation, and the energy we buy-back in the real-time market would be used to fill your prescheduled quantity.  Once again, you are still paid the day-ahead price for the day-ahead quantity, but instead of generating it, you would be buying it at the price paid to buy-back the energy.   As in the previous example, if your cost to generate is $40, and you sell day-ahead for $50, you make $10/MWh.  If we can buy-back the energy for a price of $30, then you make $20/MWh.   Additionally, if we do buy-back the energy, we will need to simultaneously submit incremental supplemental bids to the ISO to remain compliant with the FERC order.  Then, if the ISO takes the incremental bid, you can generate the power and sell for additional profit.  Advantages - No 10 minute dispatch (unless a supplemental bid is accepted).  You would know exactly when and for how long the unit would be down or reduced.  Also, the settlements statements would be relatively easy to manage.  Disadvantage - Not as large of an up-side as decremental bidding.  At this point in time we would encourage you to start with the strategy #2, buying-back blocks of energy in the bi-lateral market.  Once you and our real-time traders get comfortable with the operations of the strategy, then we should move forward and start submitting decremental supplemental bids to the ISO.  We propose a 50/50 profit split, above your day-ahead profit, earned from either of these two strategies.  If you have any questions or comments please call myself or Chris Foster.  Stan Cocke 
 Donna,  This brings us back to the age-old question.  During an emergency, how we can tell what the highest price paid for energy by California is?  Their market clearing price does not include all the spot market energy that they purchase.  The CISO has acknowledged buying well over the artificially low federal price cap from in-state muni's (LDWP, SMUD, etc.) but none of this information is passed on in a timely fashion.  And what qualifies one counterparty for a penalty, and another counterparty for a "do-over" (could be assessed)?  We will continue our practice of notifying the CAISO as soon as possible regarding outages.  Thank you for the information and the follow-up.  Bill 
 Sara, Check this story out, this is from a guy on our floor.  He's a summer inter= n...and this is his Tuesday morning story.  Incidentally I was standing dir= ectly in front of the old women picking out some green onions for my omelet= when all hell broke loose.  I took about three steps back and wandered tow= ards the kitchen in search of a fire extinguisher.  Didn't find one, and li= ke Scott (the intern) was a bit disappointed in my reactions...ah well.    I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit.  So I am s= itting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks lo= ose.  It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morni= ng.  I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a= re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food w= ill last...today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast f= rom a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used t= o because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enro= n employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the flo= or is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b= reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would= wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs.  So, I grab the first = omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. = Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w= ill get crazy and add salsa or something.  The next thing you know, straigh= t out of a FOX tv show or "You've Gotta See This" episode...this old woman = is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago.  The propane tanks he= ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to te= n feet in height.  The place turns into a frenzy. Nobody can move, react, o= r anything.  Everyone is frozen watching this old woman(picture happy Gilmo= re's grandma) go up like an old Christmas tree.  A few seconds before this = high school chemistry experiment, I was sitting on the first row right in t= he middle and I was staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and= glancing at the sports ticker on ESPN2 on the 50inch Liquid FlatScreen TV = that is directly above my desk. The old woman that went into flames is dire= ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci= ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat= of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou= ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g= oing to jump in there and save this poor lady.  The old woman is yelling ,"= Somebody get me outta here!"...yet we all continue to stare.....finally, so= meone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze.  Who is this masked man= , I have no clue.  However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing hi= s best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the= only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing= a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the = fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to= blister up.  The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th= e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc= hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens.  The alarm in o= ur building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m= ake even Polarek leave the area.  So, the fire departemnt comes and the old= woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital.  Who know= s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bu= nch of vaginas(myself and the rest of us that did nothing) when I go up in = flames someday.  Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo= ut 20 minutes writing this drama.  Take care, Scotty   Pretty good story huh?  Different morning.  Things are going well here in P= ortland other than the omelette fires.  When do you get in to Seattle? Take care and enjoy your last month in Colorado...  Bill 
 Scott, =09This is from a guy on our floor.  He's a summer intern...and this is his= Tuesday morning story.  Incidentally I was standing directly in front of t= he old women picking out some green onions for my omelet when all hell brok= e loose.  I took about three steps back and wandered towards the kitchen in= search of a fire extinguisher.  Didn't find one, and like Scott (the inter= n) was a bit disappointed in my reactions...ah well.    I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit.  So I am s= itting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks lo= ose.  It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morni= ng.  I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a= re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food w= ill last...today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast f= rom a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used t= o because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enro= n employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the flo= or is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b= reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would= wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs.  So, I grab the first = omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. = Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w= ill get crazy and add salsa or something.  The next thing you know, straigh= t out of a FOX tv show or "You've Gotta See This" episode...this old woman = is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago.  The propane tanks he= ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to te= n feet in height.  The place turns into a frenzy. Nobody can move, react, o= r anything.  Everyone is frozen watching this old woman(picture happy Gilmo= re's grandma) go up like an old Christmas tree.  A few seconds before this = high school chemistry experiment, I was sitting on the first row right in t= he middle and I was staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and= glancing at the sports ticker on ESPN2 on the 50inch Liquid FlatScreen TV = that is directly above my desk. The old woman that went into flames is dire= ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci= ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat= of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou= ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g= oing to jump in there and save this poor lady.  The old woman is yelling ,"= Somebody get me outta here!"...yet we all continue to stare.....finally, so= meone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze.  Who is this masked man= , I have no clue.  However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing hi= s best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the= only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing= a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the = fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to= blister up.  The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th= e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc= hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens.  The alarm in o= ur building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m= ake even Polarek leave the area.  So, the fire departemnt comes and the old= woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital.  Who know= s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bu= nch of vaginas(myself and the rest of us that did nothing) when I go up in = flames someday.  Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo= ut 20 minutes writing this drama.  Take care, Scotty   =09Hope you liked the show last night. =09Take it easy. B 
 This is from a guy on our floor.  He's a summer intern...and this is his Tu= esday morning story.  Incidentally I was standing directly in front of the = old women picking out some green onions for my omelet when all hell broke l= oose.  I took about three steps back and wandered towards the kitchen in se= arch of a fire extinguisher.  Didn't find one, and like Scott (the intern) = was a bit disappointed in my reactions...ah well.    I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit.  So I am s= itting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks lo= ose.  It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morni= ng.  I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a= re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food w= ill last...today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast f= rom a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used t= o because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enro= n employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the flo= or is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b= reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would= wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs.  So, I grab the first = omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. = Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w= ill get crazy and add salsa or something.  The next thing you know, straigh= t out of a FOX tv show or "You've Gotta See This" episode...this old woman = is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago.  The propane tanks he= ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to te= n feet in height.  The place turns into a frenzy. Nobody can move, react, o= r anything.  Everyone is frozen watching this old woman(picture happy Gilmo= re's grandma) go up like an old Christmas tree.  A few seconds before this = high school chemistry experiment, I was sitting on the first row right in t= he middle and I was staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and= glancing at the sports ticker on ESPN2 on the 50inch Liquid FlatScreen TV = that is directly above my desk. The old woman that went into flames is dire= ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci= ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat= of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou= ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g= oing to jump in there and save this poor lady.  The old woman is yelling ,"= Somebody get me outta here!"...yet we all continue to stare.....finally, so= meone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze.  Who is this masked man= , I have no clue.  However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing hi= s best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the= only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing= a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the = fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to= blister up.  The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th= e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc= hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens.  The alarm in o= ur building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m= ake even Polarek leave the area.  So, the fire departemnt comes and the old= woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital.  Who know= s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bu= nch of vaginas(myself and the rest of us that did nothing) when I go up in = flames someday.  Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo= ut 20 minutes writing this drama.  Take care, Scotty   Enjoyable or what? Give me a call and let me know what is up.  Bill=20 503-274-0502 503-887-3449 cell 
 Group, Volume management needs us to create customer finals by 3AM each night in CAPS or FSP.  The details are below. Please see me with feedback or questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are short 50 mws in SP-15 for HE 7-22 on Wednesday at $61.44.  Please purchase this 50 mws under ST-WBOM.  St-Cali is short 50 mws in SP-15 for HE 7-22.  All deals should be under St-Cali in Enpower and CAPS.  St-SW is short 20 mws in SP-15 for HE 7-22.  All deals should be under St-SW in Enpower and CAPS.  If you have any questions please give me a call at 503-887-3449 or 503-274-0502  Thanks, Bill 
 This is the new CAISO calculation for ancillary service charges.  Please look it over and let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Kourtney,  Per our conversation, ECTRT should receive congestion revenue for HE 2, HE 23 and HE 24. All congestion revenue was across Path 15.  All revenue was at $248. Volumes were as follows: HE 2		8 mws HE 23		38 mws HE 24		30 mws HE 24		20 mws  Total volume was 96 mws at $248, revenue should be $23808. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks Bill 
 Guys, Great job on the cong last night but the EPE reconciliation sheet was not done.  Even if there are no variances, please complete the July EPE Reconciliation sheet going forward.  Houston will assume that no one ran the CARP if the sheet has no entries.  Thanks, Bill 
 Nice Job! Looks good! 
 Kate could you check with the trader on this.  I really don't care if it is in or out.  Let's try to wrap it up before or after the meeting. Thanks, Bill 
 fourknees@msn.com---  JMF cell number 1-713-412-7529... 
 Just come by when you have a chance or give me a call and let me know when you will be free. Thanks, Bill 
 Virginia, I have a dispute for you and Mike regarding WAPA on June 2nd. Please come see me when you have a chance. Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks Chris, This sounds good. 
 Important, CAISO computers down at 2 PM.  Submit HE 17 and HE 18 before 2 PM. Thanks, Bill 
 Virginia, We have resolved almost all of the recent PMA sheet.  The Tacoma/MPC deal is fine if its zeroed out for HE 3.  I just need to have the cost zeroed out as well as the revenue.  Currently only the revenue has been zeroed out and if I receive the credit for buying from MPC I am satisfied.  Fran is aware of this.  I am still having a problem with the WBOM $108,000 as you are aware.  This would be the only outstanding PMA and whatever the problem is with our tools (if any) likely needs to be resolved.  I appreciate your hard work on tracking down this $108,000. The risk sheet is on my desk.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Good morning,  Yesterday for HE 10 and HE 11 we were cut Real Time by El Paso Electric on an import (EPMI_CISO_BLUE).  The import was cut by 30 mws and 42 mws respectively.  A purchase from the imbalance has been made.  Also for HE 12,  we bought back most of Harbor Cogeneration's schedule.  Harbor was going to run for 20 mws but could not.  We told Harbor that we would take the charge for them.  Therefore, the -20 mws of generation deviation for Harbor needs to be allocated to ECTRT as Load Deviation.  We put in a purchase of 20 mws from the imbalance in Enpower.  Finally there is a variance for HE 17 and HE 18 possibly because of load shift from NP to SP.  We are flat in CAPS position manager.  And flat in Enpower.  Thanks, Bill 
 We could pull tapes?  Ask the person who did the deal?  There is nothing in notebooks.  Any word on the BOM PMA? 
 Fred can be reached at 1-915-543-4335.  Nice email to Fred on Tuesday by the way.  B 
 Chip, I need to have a tape pulled for Ryan Slinger on July 3 at 14:40 and 14:45.  Let me know when you have the time and I will go up with you to pull the tape. Thanks, Bill 
 Eric,  I have forwarded this to Bill Williams.  Please note that there is a subtle but important difference between the two email addresses.  Please make the change in your address book.  Thanks, Bill 
 Stewart and Paul,  I have heard that MPC has contracted with Avista to do their load balancing. Has anyone contacted MPC to discuss continuing or renewing our relationship with them in the future. MPC is likely month-to-month with Avista as they were with us. Has there been any progress with EPE? What are your expectations for retaining them? Of all our service customers these would be the only two I am truly concerned about getting back. I think we have seen significant revenue from both, more because of the information they provide then because of the fee structures. Please let me know if you have any questions, or if there is anything I can do to assist.  Thanks, Bill 
 Count me in...  Bill 
 Jim, On Tuesday we sold the CAISO replacement reserves at Malin for HE 15 and HE 16, then HE 18 through HE 22.  We were exercised for the first 40 minutes of HE 15 (for the last 20 minutes of HE 15 our energy was uninstructued and we received the dec price).  For HE 16, and HE 18-22 we were awarded the capacity payment but were not exercised.  The capacity payment should be at least $91.86 for each hour it was received.  If you have questions, please let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  When doing swaps please use the swap function in Enpower. Do not enter annuities anymore for financial deals. Be sure to specify whether you are buying or selling index and then what index you are selling (NP15 inc/dec...etc).  An example appears in the attachment.  Swaps have caused disputes that have dragged on for months in the past, so call me with any questions. Thanks,  Bill 
 We will pay APS losses of 1 mw for HE 1 PDT only on July 4th.  Lisa has made the tag and put the losses in the preschedule sheet.  Kate has made the enpower for this deal (#672781, and #672785).  Please put the price in for deal #672781 (buy from EPE).  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Two totally different issues for you.  First:  When scheduling transmission on Portland General Electric from John Day to Malin we MUST use deal #146517, we MUST make the price zero.  We extend this deal in scheduling and change the delivery points.  We then make an annuity to ST-NW for losses.  Easy.  Second: For the third time in two weeks the behavior of the Real-Time Group after 6 PM has been brought up.  We will talk more regarding this in our meeting next week.  It is important to note that we need to remain within the bounds of professional behavior at all times.  Enron has a zero tolerance policy regarding harassment (language or behavior that offends or belittles others).  Thanks for your attention.  Bill 
 Fran, If this deal was zeroed out (and it has been after the fact), then we should also have received a credit for no longer buying from MPC (the other side of the deal, deal #549160). We should only lose $40 (the net difference). Any ideas?  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks for the update. 
  Troy, The difference is subtle, but I believe you wanted this to go to Bill Williams not Bill Williams III.  Please make the appropriate change to your address book. Thanks,   Bill Williams III Manager Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Alan,  According to this site the cap was around $71 for HE 15 and $72 for HE 18.  We had already traded for these hours when the "new cap" had been set.  This is a retroactive cap during mitigation hours.  When trading in the hour ahead market (1 hour before energy flows) we cannot predict the Cap to Market ratio. For example: Expost is $18 right now, and the market is at $91.87.  Any recommendations?  Bill 
 Ticker on bottom works, nothing else really does.  http://oasisp.caiso.com/ 
  Steph,  Good morning! How are you doing? It seems like I haven't seen you or Scott forever. Things are going well here in Portland. The bankruptcy of Enron has been a bit rough, but I am optimistic that the auction on January 11th will see the trading portion of our business bought out by a credit-worthy entity. If we are bought out, we should be back up and running by early spring. Right now, I am just working on systems upgrades and trying to learn as much as I can so we are ready to rip when we have credit again. Portland has been fun the past couple weeks, there are a few new clubs and living downtown continues to be a blast. I enjoy being able to walk everywhere and being downtown has really aided the Christmas shopping. I haven't been up to Seattle in a long time but I need to get up there. I am thinking about coming up for New Year's... any good ideas?  Anyway, hope you are doing well and are all ready for the holidays. Take care,  Bill 
 Crystal,  Good morning. Haven't heard from you in forever and unfortunately did not get a chance to respond to your last email.  Just wanted to say hello and wish you a good Fourth of July! 
 Virginia, I also had a question on a PMA from January.  On TransAlta deal #509285, your notes indicate that mw volumes for HE 23 and HE 24 were reduced by 95 mws each hour.  Enpower and the inc sheet do not reflect this change.  The PMA indicates a charge of $42750 for a reduction in our purchase from Transalta.  Why would we receive a charge for a reduction in purchased energy (ie. less money from us to Transalta)?  There is no indication of a reduction in volume on the other side of the trade (sale to Sempra-Deal#509277). Please come see me when you have a chance.  I think we need to go through this.  Thanks, Bill 
 Virginia,  I have one question on this month's PMA and some questions from last month.  First, for deal #549162, this deal was originally put in incorrectly as counterparty TacomaSupp.  This counterparty was then changed to Tacomapubuit.  Why does a change in counterparty result in a loss of revenue?  Are we being charged for each counterparty again (like EES and ST-Cali last month), if so, we need to fix this flawed tool.  Second, for last month, we determined that the WBOM book needs a $108,000 PMA for change in price.  The appropriate price is in Enpower, but the revenue has never appeared (Deal #590753). Remember, this deal was originally input as a buy at $320 and a sell at $30 and liquidated at these prices. The deal is now at $320 and $300.  What do we need to do to get this trued up? Please come see me with questions.  Thank you for your help. Bill 
 Confirmation from Keoni on an unrevised price cap...as of 15:01... 
 Group,  Ryan sent this email out once already, here it is again.  The oasis site map is http://www.nwoasis.org/OASIS/NODE The details of checking for ATC are as such Red=PAC(t), Blue=IPC(t)  Leg 1. PACW to ENPR Leg 2. ENPR to BOBR Leg 3. BOBR to PATHC Leg 4. PATHC to PACE Leg 5. PACE to FC3  We can do a buy resell with EPE to move this to PV or can use APS tranny to move this to Mead or PV as well. When scheduling from BOBR to FC3 on PAC (t) be sure to just put in the POR/POD and do NOT schedule each wheel seperately.  This will prevent us from being charged $5.84 each time.  Total cost for this tranny should be $5.84 +$2.38 +$5.84 = $14.06.  There will also be losses.  If using this wheel for a services customer, be sure to add in for losses and scheduling fees.  Also, be sure to LOG OUT of the IPC website when finished, otherwise we will be locked out if we time out!  There should already be a template for a tag to move this energy from PAC system border in the NW to FC345.  This path has had approximately 400 mws of tranny availabe the last few days. Please see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Please go to this site, then print the map out in color.  I cannot print to Valena currently. Thanks, Bill  http://www.transmission.bpa.gov/eric/oasis/maps/ 
 Fun Transmission link...proposed oasis...  http://www.transmission.bpa.gov/eric/oasis/maps/ 
 Group,  Dave Perrino will be providing us a presentation on losses during the second week of July (tenatively scheduled for the 11th at 4PM).  There is some math/electrical engineering involved. I have attached the presentation that Dave will give.  Please take about 10-15 minutes to get familiar with the presentation and prepare your questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 D'Ann, This needs to go to Bill Williams, not Bill Williams III.  The difference is subtle but is rather important if you want the correct person to receive your message. Please make the appropriate change in your contact lists and address book.  Thanks,  Bill Williams III  Manager Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Group,  Here is the most current information regarding charges from the CAISO, the FERC Ruling and the Price Cap.  1.  The current price cap is $91.87.  We should continue our practice of not selling over the cap, however we can (and should) buy over the cap if necessary for the system reliability of our service customers.  2.  The FERC order specifies a penalty of $100 per mw for underscheduling load (greater than 5% per load zone underscheduled).  Despite the CAISO's repeated protests (and the IOU's complete disregard of this order), WE can expect to be subject to this penalty.  3.  When a WARNING is in effect the CAISO will be making out-of -market calls.  These OOM calls will not show up in the expost or beep stack.  Therefore when power supplies become tight, the prices in the "expost" may actually drop.  We should continue our practice of NOT leaving uninstructed energy in the CAISO whenever possible.  4.  We should continue to participate in the CAISO congestion market.  The CAISO frequently has unexpected hourly path loadings, and congestion has occurred in the hour ahead market that was not present in the day ahead market.  5.  Remember to include CAISO export fees, Tie Meter Multipliers/import fees and grid management fees in your CAISO calculations of wheeling charges.    We will have a real-time meeting on Monday July 9th at 4:30 PM in Mt. Hood.  We will discuss other changes in the market at that time.  Please make plans to attend. Thank you, Bill 
 David, Try to make sure you get these to me rather than to my Dad.  I think he is starting to get annoyed.  Thanks, Bill 
 Nikki,  Good afternoon, How are you?  Hope everything worked out in LA.  I don't know if you are still coming up to Portland but I was emailed a picture at work today from opening day at PGE Park (the minor league baseball stadium up here) and figured I'd pass it on.  The picture was taken in the Enron suite at the park, I am the one directly in front of the TV.  The rest of the folks are from the Origination (not Trading) side of Enron, except my boss, who is on the far left of the picture as you look at it.  Portland has been nice the last couple days, though its been raining like crazy.  I went up on my roof last night, the sun was setting and there was a lull between the storm systems moving through.  Beautiful night.  The sun had already gone down below the west hills, but was still reflecting off some of the taller buildings to the east of my place.  There was this slice of deep blue sky extending from the west over my head, and all around were low menacing storm clouds.  A stiff breeze was blowing south to north and smelled of fresh rain.  Amazing.  It should be a nice weekend up here.  In fact, I am taking tomorrow off and getting in a bit of golf.  I am playing an hour north of Portland on a links style course.  If its a clear morning, I should be able to see Mt. Rainier, Mt. St. Helens, and Mt. Adams.  It is an interesting course to play.  Now if I can just get the ball to go in the hole I'll be happy.  Hope the pic makes it to you through our firewall.  B 
 I will be out of the office for 06/29/01.  I can be reached on my cell phone at 503-887-3449 if you need anything. Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, We had some double deal-entry last night under the ST-WBOM book.  Consequently I zeroed the following deals out this morning after receiving the DPR and running a BOM SAR.  The deals are as follows: 665907 (buy from imbalance), and 665913 (sell to PowerX).  The extra sale to PowerX provided the excess $10,875 of revenue.  I apologize for our mistake. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Go ahead and order everyone in the group who wants them the new phones.  Those Eriksons are constantly breaking down.  Let's get ahead of this curve. B 
 Very well done Jill. 
 I would be TOTALLY thrilled if you could let the group know...now about those MPC numbers...we need to go through the inc sheets and service sheets from last year...and we have half an hour. B 
  Oi! 
 Kate, Need your help with MPC 
 Al, I can be a reference for both Eric and Steve. 
 Yup. 
 Cheeky? 
 No There. 
 Group, For 06/28 only:  We need to send APS losses, 2 mws for HE 1 at 4C345 from EPE.  Lisa Gang has put this in the sheet and made a preschedule tag.  We need to make a buy from EPE under ST-Whourly in Enpower, and a sale to APS at zero in Enpower.  Please make sure this schedule is in as losses.  You can call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Enjoy. B 
 Nikki,  Hope you're doing well and continuing to enjoy Newport...My friend lives down there in Huntington Beach (watch out for him!), he moved down there about 3 months ago.  I have been planning on visiting him for a while.  I wouldn't mind getting your perspective on the city as well when I come down.  Last time I was in LA, I spent a fair amount of time on the Strip and around Hollywood before heading home.  Another guy I know down there works at the House of Blues and got me tickets to Taj Mahal--Steven Segal came out and played guitar with them at the end (the guy was NOT good)--which was nice.  Also, one of my neighbors from college works on the Maury Povich show (I think).  So, I definitely need to go down there for a visit.  I will be in Sacramento towards the end of July (16th thru 18th) and then am planning to get down to LA right at the start of August for work and perhaps a bit of goofing off.  So whatever, if I make it down there it should be a decent time.  Sorry to hear about the possible cancelation of the trip to Portland, hope you can make it (though the deck seems stacked against you this time around).  I will plan for you to be here (so you wouldn't be stuck in a hotel), but don't worry if you can't get here on the 3rd.  Plenty of time for that, as the sun should be out for a while (til October anyway).  I was knocking around going snowboarding up at Timberline on Saturday (get a few runs in before 10), but I am leaning towards a trip around Mt. St. Helens on my bike instead.  It's supposed to be around 80 and sunny here on Saturday and you can't pass such weekends up.  St. Helens should be gorgeous and since we are in the middle of a drought in the Northwest I want to check out the level of the resevoirs up in the mountains.  We'll see though, either way I will be getting up early to catch the sunrise in the mountains.  So work was solid today, got just about everything accomplished that I wanted to.  No one brought me lunch after working the night shift...but what can you do?  Anyway, hope the funeral goes well (you know...as it can), and keep me posted on when/if you might get up to Portland.  Oh.  And as for a picture, I'll see what I can do.  Brendan's got a couple, but I don't have any that I can pop on the web right now and send down to you.  I admit, I have been called an Ogre before (I am a bit of a taller, bigger fellow on the soccer field--and some forwards have unresolved issues concerning it), but...well...Brendan should be able to fill you in.  Like I said I will see what I can do about a picture. Enjoy your time in LA, And take care.  Bill 
 Group, We are long 25 mws on peak for 06/27/01 in SP-15.  This should be in CAPS under ST-WBOM, deals should be under ST-WBOM in Enpower as well.  Bill 
 Any word?  We need those cards and passwords... 
 Karen, You must change your e-mail list for Bill Williams.  Please send this to bill.williams@enron.com.  Not bill.williams.III@enron.com.  Subtle difference.  But if you consider your information worthy of review - please make the e-mail change.  Regards Bill 
 Chip,  As we figured out a couple of weeks ago, most of our ADS cards have expired.  We were then using Brett Hunsucker's card.  If you remember, we were waiting on the CAISO to send us new cards and new passwords about two weeks ago.  Unfortunately Brett's card appears to have expired this morning as we can no longer log in.  We are consequently unable to communicate with the CAISO over the ADS.  We may now be in violation of our participating generator agreement with the CAISO.  Is there something that I can do to speed this process, perhaps lodge a complaint with the CAISO or our client rep?  Do you have any ETA from the CAISO on our cards and passwords?  All your help is appreciated.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Jason, Good afternoon. I am contacting you regarding activating a pass to the Employee Store. I did product testing for you in late spring (for soccer). I would like to activate the pass for tomorrow, December 14th, if possible. I recognize this is short notice but if this would be possible please give me a call back at 503-887-3449. I would like to have my parents attend as well. Their names are Bill and Joy Williams. I appreciate your help.  Thanks,  Bill Williams 
 Steve,  Good looking notes this weekend.  Both notes were very informative and detailed. I appreciate the good work.  Bill 
 Group,  A reminder.  My email address is bill.williams.iii@enron.com.  Bill Williams III needs to appear in the outlook box, otherwise I do not receive the email.  I should be copied on the EES sheets, and any cut notes to volume managament, the services desk, or other traders.  Thank you for making this correction.  Bill 
 Nikki,  Hello, how are things going?   Hope you've caught up on your sleep from California.  That's what I am going to work on this afternoon so I can enjoy the weekend.  I am so glad the week is over.  I am exhausted.  Nothing like if I had worked 92 hours though.  Sorry to hear you only have the night of the 3rd open.  Hopefully you are getting to spend more time in the city of Portland than just one afternoon.  There's just too much to do here to only spend one afternoon.  As for where to stay, there's a bunch of hotels out at the airport, or you can stay downtown.  I can take you out to the airport in the morning if you need as I will not be working on the 4th of July.  Give me a call if you have a chance and have a good weekend.  Bill 
 Group,  CAPS will be down from HE 20 through HE 1 on Saturday morning.  We will have to use workspace and run Enpower to CAPS after HE 1.  We may want to run Enpower to CAPs early (or at least create finals) so that we do not lose any data if the whole thing gets erased.  Please call with questions. Good luck.  Thanks, Bill 
 John, We have asked every single counterparty in the NW to sell us energy.  We bi= d $300 to PowerX and were told that they were abiding by the cap. We are working hard to get them the energy that they need and will continue= to do so.  Bill 
  Alan,  I just received this from our client rep detailing their position. As expected they are treating the Stage 1 as ending at 11:32 rather than HE 23 as stated on May 31 in both their website and on their message net. I would like to get FERC's position on this if necessary.  If it is $91.87 rather than $108.49 as indicated in the FERC order, we will use that as a cap as soon as FERC (or you) recommends it.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Here it is... 
 Looks good Ray! Nicely summarized.  Bill 
 Mr. Kuehn... I like the BridgePort idea, unsure about the Food idea at ZOOP.  What did you have in mind?  Nate Stanton gave me a call today...we could invite him and folks from work...either way I am cool...also bear in mind that my place has no furniture... JOY! B 
 Alan, Can we meet today and discuss the pros and cons of this order. I will be available as soon as you are ready... Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, I spoke with Chris and he is on board with the annuity of $18750 from ST-CALI to ST-WHOURLY. Thanks for the help with this.  Bill 
 Actually Amy, I will not be able to attend on the 5th. Is there an alternate date? 
 Easy there... Everything will be okay... 
 There will be a Real-Time Group Meeting on July 9th at 4:30.  We will be discussing new Ferc Rules, Dispute Management, Group Changes and Cuts. Please let me know immediately if you will be unable to attend.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Sure.  B 
 Nikki,  Thanks for the note and I hope your doing well.  You're right, sometimes introductions sound more like the presentation of a resume than a letter...but I think you pulled it off.  I was able to close on my condo last weekend.  It was a tremendous pain with a bit of the last minute run-around, but I finally got moved in on Friday night.  I don't know about my neighbors yet as I am the only one moved in on my floor so far.  The seller is still finishing the renovation of the place...they are converting it from an old hotel.  My condo is about 8 blocks from my office downtown, so it was great to roll out of bed this morning and be able to walk to work.  Like you, I am not sure what Brendan might have told you about me...so here goes.  I was born on the east coast (Connecticut), moved around for a while, and eventually was towed out to southwest Washington by my parents.  I went to highschool in Kelso (this is where I met and then graduated with Brendan).  Then went to college at University of Washington in Seattle.  College was good, if a bit long.  I received a degree in Metallurgical engineering and worked as an engineer in Portland for a year doing failure and corrosion analysis (whoa!).  A bit less than 2 years ago I started working with Enron as a trader, trading hourly electricity in the West.  I started out on shift, but now manage the group and get to work a more normal schedule (usually 10-12 hours a day) during the week.  I enjoy the job a ton, the market changes nearly every day and it beats the hell out of staring at a scanning electron microscope for 4 hours at a pop.  With regards to your visit.  I've been in Portland for a few years now, so I should be able to provide a fairly good guide service around the town.  Depending on when you get here and how things go,  we'll have to see if we can get you outside the city to some of the Mountains and the Coast.  Astoria is about 2 hours away and it's a pretty scenic drive out there (especially if you're from New Mexico).  If the weather's nice we might be able to check out some of the resevoirs and rivers around Mt. St. Helens and the gorge...good swimming, hiking etc.  It should be a blast.  Have you gotten any closer to firming up when you will be in town?  I am pretty open at the start of July, and although it always rains on the 4th (EVERY single year), that's still a good time to be coming up.  Besides, if you ever thought about moving here, you have to understand why its so green...  It was good to hear from you, and if you have any questions you can give me a call at 503-887-3449.  Take care.  Bill 
 These schedule changes must be called in.  Just a reminder. Bill 
 Kate, take a quick look at this would you?  Group,  Going forward we will be transacting with Enron Canada Corp on an over-the-= counter basis.  We will provide them with a bid and an offer suitable for b= uying from or selling to them non-firm energy.  Enron Canada will contact u= s each morning to inquire about possiblities for export and import.  We sho= uld be familiar with the Alberta Power Pool forecast and be aware of the co= nversion from CDD to USD.  The lead or NW trader will provide Enron Canada = with their estimate or feel of the market.  Enron Canada will be trying nea= rly every hour to obtain non-firm transmission.  If this is an unwise pract= ive from a risk-reward standpoint based on our understanding of the market,= WE need to tell them, as they are losing $6.40 per mw CDD on unused tranny= with zero chance for return.  Further, Enron Canada wants the opportunity = to transact with other counterparties at the BC Border.  If we cannot use t= heir energy they have asked to be able to contact WWP, IPC or TransAlta aft= er giving us first look to attempt to recoup some of their loss.  I do not = see a need for this and think there is potential for embarrassment and dama= ge to customer relations.  If we are in contact with Enron Canada before ha= nd (start of the day, top of the hour, etc.) we should be able to get them = the best price for their energy.  Be very clear in your dealings with the N= W counterparty that the energy is non-firm.  Determine a book-out price if = necessary to solve problems with physical flow.  We are basically buying a = put or a call.  Finally, I would like to see the communication with Enron C= anada improve.  Personal experience and observation has us not communicatin= g with them as closely as possible and typically only speaking with their r= eal-time group at the bottom.  I feel we can do better.  I want to prevent = a repeat of this weekend (ECC selling/buying from a counterparty in the US = without our knowledge) and do not want the NW being scoured by both Enron C= anada and Enron North America.  This is counterproductive for both of us fo= r obvious reasons.  Providing a bid/offer and being prepared to act on it i= s a change in our relationship with Enron Canada.  This should force a rene= wed emphasis on communication and market fundamentals that should only be b= eneficial.  If you have questions or ideas regarding the relationship with = Enron Canada please let me know.  To be sent to John Zufferli (equivalent of Tim B in Canada) and Portland Shift 
 Please add Ainsley Gaddis and remove Daniel Kang from your list when sending the spreadsheets to EES. Thanks, Bill 
 Alan, I just want to pass on the two names I had mentioned previously to you. Eric Linder and Steve Merriss. Their home numbers are 503-753-8716 and 503-241-3729 respectively. Both had worked for me for about 8-9 months. These are the only numbers I have for them as their cell phones have been canceled.  Bill 
 Cannot wait... 
 Thanks Lisa... 
 Steve, My address is Bill Williams III, Please make the correction. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, Good morning.  Just wanted to confirm my email with you.  It is Bill Williams III, not Bill Williiams. Thanks for the email. Bill 
 Anna, When you have a chance, I would like to pay you for the golf tournament and grab a receipt from you while I am at it.  My impression is that the deadline is approaching and that this is something we need to get done today. Please let me know when you might be available or just grab me when you have a chance.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Just wanted to congratulate you guys on the excellent work on the night of the 13th.  The SAR was within $4 of risk managment's numbers on the Daily Position Report!  The night note looked very good (great job on the services portion) and there were ZERO problems with the shift. The hard work is much appreciated, keep it up.  Bill 
 Group,  We are long 25 mws 7-22 on Monday in SP-15 at $65.  Deals should be under ST-WBOM.  We are also long 25 mws under the ST-CALI book.  Please be sure to put this in the service sheet.  Other ST-CALI length or EES shorts will be on Phil Platters sheet and in CAPS.  Thanks,  Bill 
  Chris,  I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.  From a Real-Time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately.  I believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well.  Kourtney Nelson is out of the office today but will return on Monday.  I feel we should involve her in the process when she returns.  Overall, this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement.  Feel free to see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Chris,  I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.  From a Real-Time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately.  I believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well.  Kourtney Nelson is out of the office today but will return on Monday.  I feel we should involve her in the process when she returns.  Overall, this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement.  Feel free to see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Rhonda, The CP "New" represents a counterparty as yet to be determined.  I am working with Diana Scholtes on this.  This deal is essentially a placeholder. I will give you the information as I receive it.  Thanks, Bill 
 Sure, The other members in the real-time group are: Ryan Slinger Geir Solberg Holden Salisbury Bert Meyers Craig Dean Casey Anderson Mike Mier Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you for the confirmation. That is very good news. 
 Thanks for the information Heather.  This looks good and useful. Would you have any information on what tools we used to settle?  Or was it all a manual process?  B 
  Brooklyn, Unfortunately the change to $290 was not the final price for deal #620476 on 05/23.  It should be $295 for HE 15-17 and $290 for HE 18-19.  I have checked Enpower and the sheet to make sure that they reflect these changes.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Group,  We have 25 mws of length in the BOM book at $56 again for 06/14/01 on peak.  This energy is in NP-15.  Please make deals under ST-WBOM.  ST-CALI has another 5 mws each hour on peak in NP-15.  See CAPS for other information.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Jill 
 Thanks for the work Bob. I will see you on the 27th at PDX.  Bill 
 Virginia, I have no idea. I would recommend checking with Cara...she's omniscient. Good luck.  B 
 Group,  We are long for the 13th in California, 25 mws under ST-WBOM in NP-15 at $57.  We are also long 22 mws under ST-CALI in NP-15.  ST-CALI is also short in the morning in SP-15.  They are short at around $30.  ST-CALI is providing us with a sheet detailing their positions for RT, we will now be providing them with a sheet each morning detailing their sales from the previous day.  Going forward, please put all the ST-CALI sales or length in the service sheet beneath our activity.  We are also short 10 mws to EWEB for HE 1-12, Willamette has a month long sale at $270 but needs to come down unexpectedly for maintenance.  We will backfill this and split any profit with Services.  Finally...  We must check out with BPA each hour for Frontier and GCPUD.  Please make the call right after you call EPE dispatchers (between 25 after and 35 after).  The new service sheets have a place for initials for the call each hour, please initial after making the call to BPA (ext. 2277).  ALSO...TIMBERS TOMORROW NIGHT! 
 Steve, Just want to make sure you have me as Bill Williams III. Thanks, BIll 
 Wednesday...JUNE 13th...  PORTLAND TIMBERS vs. the VANCOUVER WHITECAPS  Gates Open at  5:35...Kickoff at 7:05  See me for tickets (your ticket counts as a MAX ticket for the day)  Food and Beverages will be provided 
 Jon, Thanks for the schedule.  Unfortunately I won't be at tonights game or the outdoor game tomorrow.  I should be at the games next week though. Bill 
 I'm sorry I missed your call. I know you are busy but please let me know when you have something. Leaf called yesterday looking for clarification and I would like to be able to give him an answer. Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, Just a quick note regarding scheduling on Saturday.  There should be a 25 mw n-firm export for HE 7-10 and HE 13-22.  The schedule ID for HE 7-10 was CISO_EPMI_BUNNY.  The schedule ID for HE13-22 was EPMI_CISO_BUNNY.  For HE 11 and HE12, Danielle at the CISO misentered our schedule.  CAPS shows a final of 25 mws as a firm import.  This should be a n-firm export.  We recieved the energy as a firm export from the CISO.  All schedules should be under ECTSTSW not ECTRT.  If you have questions please let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Let me know if you have any questions. 
 We are long 25 mws in NP-15 at $54 for HE 7-22.  This is under the ST-WBOM line in CAPS.  We are long at $54.00 Call me with any questions... Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Kysa, I appreciate the info. B 
 Jim, Harbor and Martel were declined with the CISO for 06/08/01 HE 1 and HE 2.  The reasons: for Harbor the CISO inc'd them to 10, and ignored their operating limits as entered at 60 and 80.  Martel was inc'd but could not ramp up.  Both bids were properly entered by were ignored by the CISO.  Delano was incd'd and dec'd several times in the morning and was able to respond. Let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Greg,  Sorry for the delay in getting you my accomplishments.  I filled out the self-evaluation portion of the PRC back in May.  I have attached my responses to the self-evaluation form. My accomplishments and more long-winded descriptions of what I do are in the attachment, by comparison my near-term goals for the next 6 months are pretty concise.  1. Continue to maximize the abilities of the group, and try to leave nothing on the table. 2. Minimize our settlements and disputes over Enpower mistakes, or other avoidable actions. 3. Continue to provide those in the group opportunities to improve themselves and get where they want to go in Enron. 4. Stay ahead of California with regards to political, legal and credit risk. 5. Work with middle-marketing and services groups to develop new opportunities. 6. Improve my education through SQL training and more advanced Derivatives training to better allow me to understand the fundamentals of the market and the movements of spreads relative to market fundamentals.  I greatly enjoy my current position and look forward to the next 6 months.  If you have any questions just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Neta, I do not believe I should be on this list.  Please remove me. Thanks, Bill 
 Greg, Below are the following names of some potential reviewers for this period.  I am also meeting with John Thompsen who was my analyst pool representative last review period for lunch on Thursday.  Phil Platter Jeff Richter Chris Stokely Heather Dunton Les Rawson Mark Fischer Holden Salisbury Sean Crandall Chris Foster Stewart Rosman  I assume you will be reviewing me as well. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 You are correct, The EOL trades were not properly acccounted for. We need FSP 2000, not FSP 2002... I think we have it sorted out now though.  But yeah, too much stress is never healthy...I don't know exactly what the deal is.  Bill 
 Good morning, We have had some changes in our real-time group at Enron and consequently I would like to request a password change for the following EPMI logins. Please notify me when these changes will be effective.  1.)	real_time_epmiwe-- the current password is epmishift, I would like to change it to: huskies  2.)	real_time_epmiwe2-- the current password is realtimers2, I would like to change it to: ducks  3.)	real_time_epmiwe3-- the current password is oregon, I would like to change it to: beavers  4.)	settlements-- the current password is settlements, I would like to change it to: cougars  Thank you for your help with this.  Bill Williams Manager, Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 (w) 503-887-3449 (c) 
 Things have definitely been difficult over here. In truth, I may have underestimated how prepared our systems and the folks in our group were to move dramatically greater volumes. We are moving through a period of adjustment and should be back on track by tomorrow. So Kate probably is not any more stressed out than anyone else. She probably just shows it a bit more. We shouldn't be holding you guys back too much longer.  My apologies for the delay. Bill 
 Traci, I manage the short term west hourly trading desk in Portland.  Do you need me to come to Houston, or is there a more convenient way to convey my feedback? I also need a performance feedback form. You can reach me at 503-464-3730  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks, I just left her another. B 
 Looks great Jill!  Thanks,  Bill 
 John,  How was Austin?  Did you get the rest and relaxation you were looking for?  How about golf?  Everyone has only ever had good things to say about Austin.  Audi TT? NICE pick.  Is that a 6-speed?  Only 23,000 miles is pretty sweet and the color is right (matches the 400E).  Next time I am down there (?) you'll have to provide a demonstration.  I am really getting the urge to lose my 525 (this seems to happen about every 6 months), I have only driven it once since I moved (about 5 miles total).  Kind of hard to justify $+500 a month for car, insurance and parking when I drive it 20 miles in a month (just not very cost effective).  An old 2002tii would only cost me parking and insurance (and my pride).  Other ideas?  So I am in the new place.  It's great!  Perfect location (just no parking), and I get way more sleep (til 5!).  Its got a pretty solid view and feels much bigger than it is because of all the windows.  Now if I could just get some furniture...maybe a table...  B 
 John, Thanks for the timely note.  PRC is today. Much appreciated. B 
 Sean,  Just to follow-up from yesterday. Two key real-time customers would be MPC (load balancing agreement) and EPE (power "consulting" agreement). Other customers such as LV Cogen and Valley are important, but they do not provide the market information or the opportunities of these two. As soon as we have something tangible regarding a new company (and likely before), I think we need to visit these customers and get them back.  Ideas?  Bill 
 Group, We will be meeting on Thursday at 4:30 to discuss recent changes and the company outlook with Tim on Thursday Dec. 13th at 4:30. Please call me if you cannot make it. Thanks,  Bill 
 Thank you. 
 Bam. Let me know what you hear 
 Sorry to hear it man. It has not been a great last couple of months. 
 What up dawg! How are you and Meg doing? I still have a job. It has been an extremely rocky time. However, I feel optimistic that our trading business will continue in some fashion. I believe that we will be bought out by an investment bank and that we will be able to start trading again. The chances are good that I will have to thin out my group a bit, I am hoping that attrition will take care of some of the members of the group. I think we are going to let traders out of their contract if they want to leave. Hopefully that will cut down on any direct lay-offs I will have to do. It would suck having to lay-off good people. Its worrisome but like I said, I am optimistic. Soccer was going well, but I sprained my knee pretty badly playing indoor last night, so another two-three weeks before I am out there playing again...bollocks! Its ridiculous. How are things with you? I have two tickets to Mark Lanegan on December 19th at Berbatis Pan.  Are you going to be in town at that point? Its gonna be sweet. Still enjoying the Audi. My address is 1005 SW Park Ave. #706, Portland OR, 97205. Give me a ring and let me know what the word is. 503-887-3449.  Later, Bill 
 This can also be found at P:Realtime/Williamsonly/Dopewars in the P drive. If you have access. 
  The key is to go long Heroin and Coke when you have a chance. And put extra money in the bank  Bill 
 Group-  As we have more and more cuts, we have an excellant opportunity to refine our cut technique. (YES!)  1.) In path confirmation workspace-please check all cut paths as "confirmed" (this will allow us to sort for cut or "confirmed" paths later)-and enter notes in the comment section regarding the cut.  2.) ZERO OUT CUT SCHEDULES IN DEAL SCHEDULING. On imports to CALI, please zero out the purchase outside of CALI, zero out the EpmiCalPool, and then make a purchase under the book that had the import (likely EPMI Short Term Cali) from the California Imbalance (remember no price and 24 POS on the group).  IF you have any questions, please call me. We are having a nightmare taking care of weekend cuts, particularly imports into California.  Thanks,  Bill 
 For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend. I appreciate your help.  Bill 
 This is important--- 
 Dave,  I need your help with some Enpower applications. Please give me a call as soon as you have an opportunity. By the way...I sure hope your Longhorns do NOT end up matched against my Huskies...ouch!  Thanks, Bill  1-800-684-1336 
 Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Cuts are on the way. While most can be zeroed out in Enpower (for LD's) like normal, longterm contracts will require an annuity for the value of the cut on that particular day. In the interest of being uniform, the guidelines for cuts are below.  We will be handling cuts in the following manner:  1. Documentation is priority #1. We need to fill out a cut sheet with the times, the name of the person who called, the tag number, the quantity and price.  2. After attempting to resupply the cut or find an alternate sink we need to carefully document changes in the new enpower workspace.  3. We need to zero out all cut deals in Enpower, we then need to calculate the value of the deals and make an annuity. The annuity must be made HE 1 on the following day of the schedule. The annuity needs to be for 1 mw for the value of the zeroed out contract. In the comment section of the annuity you must include the Enpower deal # of the cut deal and should include an indication of the number of mws each hour and the contract price--for example (4 hours @ 25 mws X $100 per mw = $10,000).  4. Please be as accurate as possible. We still need to be flat in Enpower at the end of each day. And we still need to calculate our daily position.  5. Put all cut sheets in the accordion folder on Kate Symes' Desk.  I appreciate your help and diligence. Thanks,  Bill 
 Nope. 
 I spoke with Jim Danielson at MWD regarding this cut on 11/26. We did not deliver the 25 mws to MWD. Jim at MWD requested that we "book out" the cut with him at the contract price of the 25 mws. I entered a deal to buy 25 mws from MWD at the contract price ($113.00) deal #882054, and a deal to sell to Calpine to capture LD's ($113.00) deal #882064. I attempted to enter this in the cuts database but got several errors and do not have confidence that this occurred. Please let me know if you have any questions. Bill 
  Theresa, Could you add DL-Portland Shift to this distribution. I would like the guys in Real-Time to be able to see this information when they come in. Thanks, Bill 
 I have also not been able to approve these. I do need those folks to have access... 
 Group-  We are currently owed money by CERS (approximately $100,000). We need to net this to a zero by Friday. It is very important that each of you call CERS and purchase energy from them to net this position out. Otherwise--we will see a loss of $100,000. Let's make this problem go away.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks for reserving the room. I will not need any food ordered. Thanks, Bill 
 Susan, Thank you. This looks good. To answer some of your questions, price is per mw, not per deal. Transmission deals, EpmiCalPool deals, and sales or purchases from the counterparty California Imbalance in Enpower need to be excluded. Thanks, Bill 
 Allegheny's SC is now APX 5. Contact numbers are below.  Thanks Bill 
 Grace, What is a CPE certificate?  B 
 Kysa, Just wanted to give you a quick heads up. b 
 Group, Please put all information from the previous day (ie printed dispatch, EPE preschedulng sheet) into the appropriate folder on Kate Symes' old desk. Thanks, Bill 
 Good morning, I would like to obtain Global Trader ID's for the following traders on the Short Term West Hourly desk in Portland, Oregon. They will be using EnronOnline beginning next week, Nov. 26th.  Bert Meyers Mark Guzman Leaf Harasin Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean  Please call me with any questions. I can be reached at 503-464-3730 or on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thank you for your help.  Bill Williams 
 I like that much better...super. 
 I appreciate the goals and accomplishments, I was looking more for a quick outline of duties. This should work though. Thanks, Bill 
 Tim,  I have been approached by 3 different groups regarding an HA or RT index in the West. I have decided against participating with TraderNews or PowerDex. I am considering participating with Dow Jones. I think a working index would help encourage liquidity through price discovery in real time. It should also provide an index to settle against financially for our desk and the Cash desks. I am working with Kate and our developement group upstairs to get the tools in place to participate in the Dow Jones index. I am still waiting for the confidentiality agreements from DJ and will be sending them to Steve Hall when they arrive. I have concerns that participating in this index may spread some of the value we obtain in making a market on EOL to our counterparties. I would appreciate your thoughts on this when you have an opportunity.  Thanks, Bill 
 Enpower Preschedule Workspace and Path Confirmation  Please note we have two new Enpower applications currently in use by the Prescheduling Group that are also available for Real Time use. A manual has been placed in your inbox describing the process in detail. You will be using this in place of Lotus Notes to confirm and process cut power schedules going forward. You must check out with all major marketers and utilities each night. This would include but not be limited to: AEP, AES-New Energy, Aquila, Avista, Calpine, Constellation, Coral, Duke, Dynegy, El Paso Merchant, Exelon, Meico, Mirant, Morgan, NCPA, Reliant, PPLMontana, PowerX, Sempra, SMUD, TransAlta, Williams, and southwest utilities such as Pinnacle West, SRP, PNM, PSCO and Pacificorp. Northwest counterparties are checked out by BPA and do not need to be checked again by us (this would include SCL, TCL, PSPL, BPAP, GCPUD, EWEB, IPC, MPC, SNPD, WWP). These checkouts should be started in HE 19 and finished by HE 21.  NOTE: You must open both PSW and Path Confirmation from your local Enpower Launchpad, which can be found under the Start Menu in Programs/Business Applications/Enpower/Enpower Login.  Following are a few pointers to help you get started.  1.	All prescheduled power paths will be loaded into Path Confirmation. This application must be opened from local Enpower and can be found in the menu that drops down from the hand icon at the left under "Tools." 2.	A box will appear asking you to select a default trading desk. Choose "West" and click "Okay." 3.	Supply schedules are shown in gray, transmission in yellow, and market in blue. 4.	Sort paths by clicking and dragging on the heading you'd like to sort by. Suggestion: Sort by counterparty while making confirmation calls. When all schedules with that counterparty are confirmed, highlight each schedule 5.	Highlight the path you'd like to confirm or cut by clicking in the thin box to the very left of the Path Confirmation screen. Highlight multiple rows by holding the "Control" button and while selecting multiple rows. 6.	Confirm a path by highlighting and clicking the telephone icon. A screen will come up requesting contact information from the appropriate counterparty. Because this information saves directly to Enpower, save time runs about a minute. 7.	Cut a path by highlighting and clicking the scissors icon. A screen called "Cut Information" will come up. Select the "New Path Cut" icon in the upper left-hand corner and supply the relevant information (region, cut time, resupply path, Enpower numbers, Turret ID, etc.) 8.	Double click anywhere in a particular row to see a detail of that schedule. This screen will show the terms and hours of the deal as well as volume, price, Enpower deal and OATI tag number.  Lotus Notes is being phased out of operation, and we are working with the Enpower team in Houston to develop a discussion database similar to the one we currently use in Notes. These new applications will be a part of that, so please begin adjusting your nightly schedule checkout and/or cuts procedure accordingly (i.e. Record cut paths in Enpower Path Confirmation, not Lotus Notes.) 
 Group,  We will have an emergency meeting on Monday, November 26th at 4 PM. We will be going live on EOL for HE 7-22 on Monday. We will be discussing EOL trading, the new confirmation workspace in Enpower, business practice changes, and the Dynegy merger. Please make plans to attend. Contact me as soon as you can if you think you may not be able to make it.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We have had some issues with EpmiCalPool deals recently and I wanted to provide information for newer members of the group and a quick reminder for crusty veterans as we head into the Thanksgiving Holiday. I have also decided to change our protocol for entering multiple EpmiCalPool deals. Please pay special attention to #5 below.  So, some basic rules about EpmiCalPool deals.  1. EpmiCalPool deals are BUY-RESALE deals--(a transmission deal will work but is not the preferred method)  2. We only BUY from the EpmiCalPool-no exceptions-.  3. EpmiCalPool deals have a $0 price in the buy and sell portions. Please do not enter a price on an EpmiCalPool deal.  4. EpmiCalPool deals must have a delivery point of an CISO tie point or an CISO congestion zone. Good delivery points would be: Malin, COB N/S, COB S/N, NOB N/S, NOB S/N, Cascade, Captain Jack, Summit, Four Corners 345, Mead 230, Paloverde, NP-15, ZP-26, SP-15.  Bad delivery points would include: Mid-C, Hotsprings, Hidalgo, BC Border.  5. IMPORTANT CHANGES TO BUSINESS PRACTICE HERE EpmiCalPool deals are used to simulate the purchase of transmission from the California ISO.  a.) If you have a wheel from tie point to tie point for example Malin to Four Corners for congestion management--than an EpmiCalPool deal from Malin to Four 	Corners would be appropriate. For seperate wheels from tie point to tie point we will NOT be putting in deals from Malin to NP-15, NP-15 to SP-15, and SP-15 to 	Four Corners.  b.)However, from Congestion zone to congestion zone inside of California, or if you are moving tie point to a congestion zone--for example Malin to SP-15 we will 	need a Malin to NP-15 and NP-15 to SP-15. This will allow us to better capture congestion across congestion zones in California, and will prepare us for the move 	to FSP.  6. We will initiate this change in business practice HE 1 on Tuesday November 20th.  Epmicalpool deals continue to provide problems with reports. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Jim, You can find HE 10 through 18 at the bottom of the November Service Sheet. This should be in the same location as the Trading sheet in the Inc sheet section. My understanding is that you were given a copy of the service sheet with the trading sheet yesterday morning. You should find probably another $60,000 maybe $70,000 at the bottom of the sheet. If you have any questions just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, We also received congestion revenue for HE 10 through HE 18. HE18-although it shows nothing from the CAISO on their site (their server went down) is the same as HE17-the CAISO specifically relayed this to me on a recorded line. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Could you look into my concur expense login/password. I am at a class today and need to approve these expense reports in the system. However,I cannot access the system. I am not sure if this is related to our floor wide network problems or what. Also, we are a go for Edgefield. You and I just need to talk about the expense report.  Thanks,  Bill 
 #10728 
 Amy, Hey! Great to hear from you! Hope you are doing well. But... What are you talking about? Who's on what side? And what are you trying to recall?  Bill 
 I know Jim. You guys are doing well.  Thanks, Bill 
 Extra ST-SW transmission can be viewed in the Available Transmission Sheet. B 
 Good afternoon. We have recieved significant amounts of congestion revenue on real-time for 11/13. Please use the inc sheet or CAPS to settle in the morning. The inc sheet has correct pricing and schedule ID's.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We are long 20 mws in SDG1 for HE 2 and HE 3. We are long 10 mws in SDG1 for HE 4 and HE 5. This cost us $7.50. We imported it from MEAD 230. We are also long 10 mws in NP-15 for HE 7-22 at $25. This is from Redding.  Finally, ST-SW has extra transmission from PV to 4C and PV to Mead. You can query by Enron Power Marketing on the APS site to see what we have already purchased. If you need this transmission off-peak please use what we have already purchased. We can go over the Enpower when I get in in the morning.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Of course.  Deez nuts. 
 Dude-- It was $5. My total bet for the game was $40. $5 to you, $20 to Porter, $15 to Mark Fisher.  Come on...don't try to run me over. The gloating has to be worth $5.  B 
