o product, but we may source it from anywhere in the market.   Harry 
 What is the exact location (in terms of LMP) - is this a PJM east or PJM west hub ? Is it connected to NY, either Zone G or Zone J ? 
 What I heard was this was being handled by Exelon guys, so it makes sense.  These guys prefer dealing with old utiliity guys and so we will need to break-in to get access to some of these deals.   Harry 
 Thats wierd. 
 Greg  There has been just too many rumors flying around here to quote real long term deals.  Give me a day or so to put numbers on long dated deals.   Harry 
 Ben  1. Bruce Sukaly did call me and I am having  lunch with him tomorrow. 2. Could you share more of the presentation you have? It is very informative about their thought processes and ideas. It would be nice to gloss through that whole thing (I dont need to keep a copy or anything)  Harry 
 Greg  As you know, following the downgrade, there is total inability for us to trade.  I dont think it makes any sense to put any numbers anywhere.  Give me a call and I would like to chat about various stuff should trade and where the current markets are.  Hope you are doing well.   Harry Arora 
 Yolanda  I will be attending the ski outing - I am not sure about my arrival and departure dates, but I did put tentative dates. Once I make my bookings I will update you on my final dates. I might stay an extra day, and will pick that up. Thanks   Harry 
 Suresh  For the next two weeks, I'd like you to focus on the following.  1. Development frame-work and getting Zach upto speed Specs for Syndication report & testing & production date Finalize questionnaire and production date Modifications to Invitee and User stats 2. EnronOnline auctions - structure, and hash out details to enable kick off 3. Legal frame-work , shorten contracts for both deal-rooms and auctions 4. Marketing materials for procurement - and leasing, mail to top 100 list. 5.Complete transfer of operations to Networks group (Sherri Thomas's group) 6. Budget changes 7. Finalize hiring needs for Q1 and Q2 8. Focus each of the marketing leads on revenue, client lists, outreach, marketing and sales strategy Ross - procurement Don - Banks Toby - Data rooms Miguel - leases, legal and other data rooms 9. Dataroom development frame-work   Harry 
 Dave  Find enclosed the business plan and the valuation model for DealBench.  Feel free to call me with questions.       Harry Arora 
 How does 3 pm look ? 
 Jocelyn  New Power Company and Azurix are other affiliate companies of Enron. EDS is a totally different company, to which we have outsourced some stuff - so they have a number of employees on our premises ( on EDS contract).  I personally do not work out at the bodyshop. So would be unable to help you on how it might be in the morning.  I am sure you can call the BodyShop and they can help you out.  If you have questions, our HR co-ordinator (Lauren or Ben) should be able to provide further assistance.   Harry 
 That sounds good.   Harry 
 EB2762 ! 
 Cool ! 
 Rob   Find enclosed the business plan and the valuation model for DealBench.  Feel free to call me with questions.       Harry Arora 
