hing on Engram? 
 What is your offer on marcus robinson? 
 Muhsin Muhammed and Elvis Grbac for Jeff Garcia, Raymont Harris, and Wayne Chrebet?   Gives you starting QB and depth at RB (all 4 of your RBs will likely not play week 1 and maybe 2).  Let me know 
 What do you want for Fred Taylor -  do you see he is out for the first 2 weeks? 
 Please take time to answer a new poll on the website! 
 Alright,  I think this is a good deal for you! You get Depth at Receiver and Depth at Running Back.  Dillon, Chrebet, Schroeder, and Raymont Harris or Lamar Smith  FOR  Williams, Hayes, and Robert Smith  What do you think?    Enron Capital Management 
 any counter?    Enron Capital Management 
 What do you think?  chrebet,dillon 
 $0 bid for the Redskins D 
 How about Raymont, Bill Schroeder and Wayne Chrebet for Freeman? 
 we will make it effective today so that, you can't stockpile players 
 Your running backs suck.  I will give you Raymont Harris and Wayne Chrebet for Freeman. 
 I was thinking that there would be a moratorium on the bidding process for free agents until the start of the season.  If you disagree, let me know.  The moratorium will last until noon on Wednesday, August 30th.  You can have no more than 17 players on your roster at any time. 
 since my team sucks so bad, i want to bet you $1000 that i have a better record than you this year 
 i thought we decided that was during the season - up until the season starts it is free. 
 your team is so bad 
 so you are basically saying that you wouldn't take stephen davis for gonzo 
 What do you want for Randy Moss? 
 i repeat, uou have no offer? 
 so, there is nothing on my team that you are willing to give up gonzo for, i find that hard to believe 
 i will give you walls and terrence wilkins 
 What do you want for tony gonzalez? 
 football.commissioner.com/kourn 
 I have inputted rosters and set schedules.  Please check you rosters! 
 Remember, the draft is this Sunday at 11:45 am at BW-3 in Rice Village. Please try to be there on time so we can start promptly.  -Eric 
 what do you think? 
 tell  gillette  about tonight b/c she was asking last night 
 don't  know yet probably thurs.  are you still in tonight -  i think probably 2 rows 
 not sure yet, i am hearing maybe on thurs.  i'll let you know 
 Your mom is so fat that God said "Let there be light," right after she moved her fat ass. 
 I just talked to Dad about it.  That is fine.  I should be able to get the $ to you this weekend.  Love,  E 
 We have a new flag football season starting up in september.  Let me know if you are still interested in playing.  If you are, I need $5 from everyone.   -Eric 
 well? 
 bryan and i have a work dinner to go to, but we are on to get loaded tomorrow. 
 Chris,  Do you have the RRC historical production data?   -Eric x3-0977 
 I want to trade you a 4th, 6th and 8th round pick for your 2nd.  Let me know what you think 
 watch it! 
 I would be willing to swap 1st round picks with you for your 1 and a high 4th round pick  Let me know 
 i am going to get x-rays on friday or saturday, so you can stop worrying. things are sucking right now on the market, so i can't say that i am enjoying my job, but i am looking forward to the fantasy football draft on sunday. shann started her new job today. she is a little stressed about the increase in workload.  she is going to visit the family this weekend, so i have a weekend on my own.  maybe i can come out this weekend to visit ( if you can fit me in).  i had a great time last saturday.  how are things in your world?  L, -e 
 i need to talk to you about the tv.  on the trade - i will give you my 6 and 12 for your 4  let me know 
 what do you want for your 3rd round pick 
 what do you want for your 3rd round pick? 
 what do you want for one of your 3rd round picks? 
 what do you want for your 4th round pick? 
 what do you want for your 4th round pick 
 the other side backed out 
 i have to swing the other side of it , i'll let you know 
 its called bargaining,  how is me giving up a 2 and a 3 good for me?  Its not, I am trying to figure out what you are willing to take 
 plove, you might  as well cut your losses.  you are not going to get over on someone as badly as matt got over on you.  so you might as well bite the bullet and make a trade that actually is good for your team 
 how about the final pick in the 2nd and my third for your 2nd and your 4th 
 i'm not a big prince fan - she might want to though 
 my 2 and 11 
 what do you want for it? 
 How do I go about getting my logon id and password?  I seem to have deleted the e-mail that was sent out.   Thanks,   Eric Bass x30977 
 How do I go about getting my logon id and password?  I seem to have deleted the e-mail that was sent out.   Thanks,   Eric Bass x30977 
 can't do it , but i am willing to do my 4 and 7 for your 2 
 alright, how about my 4 and 7 for your 2 
 no ican't do that.  how about my 4 and 7 for your 2 
 I will be at the dinner on Thursday.  Thanks,  Eric 
 in order to counter offer, you must have had an offer.  if you remember, you offered me a lesser trade than that already   my counter offer is 4,7,10 for your 2, 8 
 By popular vote, we will not redraw.  Our draft will take place, this Sunday at 11:45 am at BW-3 in Rice Village. 
 This is the last one and probably the best - near smu (connected by rail to downtown and near greenville - another bar area).  Might be a little more expensive but probably worth it.  http://www.hilton.com/doubletree/hotels/DFWCNDT/index.html?show=all 
 he probably doesn't want to redraw because he knows he can't possibly rip you off any more than he already has! 
 did you buy enron this morning? 
 I am taking a vote on if we need to redraw the draft order.  Some, have said that it is not fair for Steve to be handed the 6th slot.  Let me know what you think.   -Eric 
 thanks, again, for calling me back last night! 
 Brian, Hector, and Lenny have dropped out (what a shocker).  Steve Venturatos has graciously offered to take their place.  Thanks Steve. 
 here is our website    http://football69.commissioner.com/mp/join?league=kourn&owner=&random=3598&  the rules are on the site at the bottom of the page  we will start  1 QB 2 RB 3 WR 1 TE 1 K 1 Def/st   our draft is next sunday at noon at BW-3 in rice 
 i was going to watch the saints game with some friends at 7. 
 actually, i was thinking about an early dinner, like 4-4:30?  let me know 
 17 players on the roster 
 what about smu area? 
 Starting Lineups for the league will include  1 QB 2 RB 3 WR 1 TE 1 K 1 Def  for hector, lenny and brian  1 Quarterback (he throws the ball) 2 Running Backs (they run the ball) 3 Wide Receivers (they catch ball) 1 Tight End (they catch and block) 1 Kicker 1 Defensive team 
 dinner is fine too.  is jason going to make it? 
 i think we should be able to make it out on saturday for lunch.  maybe around 11-12? i don't have any news on toni, she is still on a respirator but is responsive.  i'll keep you posted.  e 
 what's up with the biz? is he an associate? 
 you know that both o'neal and matt are out? 
 i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town.  the weather is going to be fine, hector was just blowing smoke. 
 by the way, buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end. 
 i am doing great.  i am going to get my neck checked out again today ( i can't beilieve you gave me those faulty genes).  i am sure you know that toni woke up yesterday, she is cognizant and responsive but still can't speak or move.  i will keep you updated.  how are you?  love,  e 
 As Enron reaches new highs (82), I hope you took my advice to buy it at 74. Did you?  -E 
 http://www.hyatt.com/usa/dallas/hotels/hotel_dfwrd.html  my bro says this place is nice but don't know how expensive 
 Matt told me he is going to draft an lsu player with the first pick - Eddie Kennison 
 alright, no more memos about bw3 sucking w/o suggesting an alternative. matt, you won't be there, so your input is worthless bryan, two rows isn't conducive to big groups, so pick some place else. 
 by popular vote, the draft will take place at noon on 8/20 at BW-3 in rice village. 
 We are going to have the draft on 8/20.  However, we still need to decide where and at what time.  I would prefer to have the draft around noon.  We can have the draft at a bar (BW-3) or at the enron building (access to the internet).  Please let me know ASAP.  -Eric 
 it doesn't look good for austin, how is your aunt? 
 have you started building your model yet?   Hector Campos                08/07/2000 12:11 PM 
 I know that Christa sent an e-mail about this a couple of weeks ago, but I wanted to follow up.  Does anyone have any interest in going to Austin Friday night and then going tubing in New Braunfels on Saturday.  Let me know. Forward this to anyone you think mught be interested.  -Eric 
 Two boys are playing football near Fayetteville, AR, when one of the boys is attacked by a rabid Rottweiler.  Thinking quickly, the other boy rips a board off of a nearby fence, wedges it down the dog's collar and twists, breaking the dog's neck and saving his friend's life.  A reporter who was strolling by sees the incident and rushes over to interview the boy.  "YOUNG RAZORBACK FAN SAVES FRIEND FROM VICIOUS ANIMAL" he starts writing in his notebook.  "But I'm not a Razorback fan," the little hero replies. "Sorry," says the reporter, "since you live near Fayetteville, I just assumed you were."  The reporter begins writing again, "BRAVE ARKANSAS STATE FAN RESCUES FRIEND FROM HORRIFIC ATTACK."  The boy replies, "I'm not an Arkansas State fan, either."  "Oh. I assumed that everyone in Arkansas was either a Razorback fan or an Arkansas State fan.  You must be a University  of Central Arkansas fan."  The reporter starts writing again "YOUNG UCA FAN SAVES FRIEND FROM MAD DOG."  The boy said, "I'm not a UCA fan either."  "Well, if you are not for the U of A, State, or UCA, just what team DO you root for?" the reporter asked.  "Why, I'm an LSU fan!" the child replies.  The reporter starts a new sheet in his notebook: "LITTLE ILLITERATE COONASS KILLS BELOVED FAMILY PET." 
 here you go,  tell me what you think.  i spent a lot of time on this 
 its probably going to rain so that is why the lamination 
 I know you had asked for some info on Texas previously.  Sorry it is so late, but here is a map of Tx pieplines.  The most notable (that are no on the current pipeline map) are Oasis, Lonestar, Valero, and HPL.   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 I will be happy to help.  Mike, please give me a call at 3-0977 and we can set up a time that is good for you to observe.  Eric    Enron North America Corp. 
 you are living in the past. those guys are too old to help denver's pitiful excuse of a team now. 
 I couldn't find your phone number in the system.   Here is a list of what I have compiled:  Eddie Reets - Basis Joey Stanton - Tx Physical Brad Lebetter - Tx Financial Vince Garcia - Gulf Physical Tom Jania - Northeast Physical   -Eric 
 Here is the bbq that I was talking about on Saturday. Let me know if you want to go. -E 
 i'm in, is this on saturday? 
 after the game 
 Anyone up for Keneally's after work today? 
 You should be ok, try again.    Enron North America Corp. 
 The El Tiempo on Richmond. 
 We are going to meet at El Tiempo tonight for drinks at around 9:00 - 9:30. Let me know if you can make it.   Eric 
 i guess it is free no matter what 
 did you talk to christen?  what does she want to do tonight? e 
 I don't know yet, I will probably know sometime next week.  I will keep you posted! 
 who do you want me to invite and for what time? 
 The 24th (2) pick and the 42nd (4) pick for your 2nd round and your 7th round? 
 What would you say to the 24th (2nd round) and the 31st (3rd round) picks for your 2nd and your 6th pick? 
 Do you have any additions because I am going to take the plays to kinkos and get them laminated? 
 Our League Site has been set up.  It is the same site as last year.  Please take some time to Change your team name and logo.  In addition, for those new players, the rules are listed on the site.  Let me know if you have questions.  The league abbreviation is kourn.  http://football0.commissioner.com/mp/splash/join-mgmt  Eric 
 i finally got work to pay for a new phone 
 i forgot to tell you that performance reviews are happening today, and i am hoping for a promotion to associate, so wish me luck.  -e 
 hey dad,  i finally got work to pay for my phone.  i have been doing pretty well, despite the vast amounts of money that i have lost at work.  performance reviews are going today and i am hoping for a promotion to associate, so keep your fingers crossed.  -e 
 hey mom,  not much new here.  i made a pittance of what i have lost over the last two weeks back today.  what is going on on the home front?  -e 
 what is your cell phone #? 
 http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/gas/gas_index.html 
 I have a new cell phone number.  It is 713-628-3104.  EPB 
 there have only been 2 (both by matt) is 1,14 for ploves 1,3,8-  then matt's 1,3 (his original) for dave's 1 
 kiss my ass now bitch! 
 I can do the tv but I am busy all weekend so, if I can do it next week let me know.  I might be able to squeeze it in on Saturday b/c I will be out that way.   On another note, do you know of any hotels in the cotton bowl area in Dallas? 
 i will recap at the draft 
 you had this guy too?  i'm glad i had someone in tax representing me.  i had to explain to him what trading was. 
 Can you approve the bom+1 product for HSC-Hehub?  Thanks,  Eric 
 How about the 24th and 31st pick for the 13th? 
 I am trying to activate this HSC-Hehub product but keep getting an error that says "product is not tradeable".  Is it ready to go yet?  If not, when?  Thanks,  Eric 
 Check out the part about Simms weight. =20   Big 12: Applewhite eager to reclaim his job By Mark Wangrin Express-News Staff Writer  AUSTIN =01* It runs up and down the inside of Major Applewhite's left knee,= a=20 four-inch shiny pink speed bump of a scar.=20  If it could talk, it would tell of how the anterior cruciate ligament buckl= ed=20 as its owner planted while trying to avoid a relentless Arkansas pass rush = at=20 the Cotton Bowl on Jan. 1.  It would tell of the reconstructive surgery by team orthopedist Dr. Carey= =20 Windler, how the joint was whipped back into shape with hours of work and= =20 carefully tended with ice bags and heat and extra stretching and anything= =20 else Applewhite had read, heard or seen that would help keep his return on= =20 pace.  If the joint could talk, it would tell people how everything's fine inside,= =20 how Applewhite could drop back and plant, set up or scramble, in a real liv= e=20 game today if one was scheduled.=20  If it could talk ... well, Applewhite might well be the happiest guy on the= =20 planet.  Being a quarterback, team guy and newly inaugurated Student Government=20 representative, Applewhite tries to be diplomatic, but part of him wishes h= e=20 wouldn't have to answer a steady barrage of questions about his knee, no=20 matter how well-meaning the fans might be.  "I don't want to be rude," he said last week. "I just wish they'd stop=20 asking. I love them, appreciate them, but it's getting a little ..."  Got the picture.  OK. So here's the word: Applewhite is 100 percent =01* even ahead of schedu= le.  Ready to take on the challenge to his starting job from sophomore quarterba= ck=20 Chris Simms, who with only one career start has graced the cover of The=20 Sporting News football preview and had an ESPN Magazine cover shoot last we= ek  This word on Applewhite's fitness comes not just from the junior player, bu= t=20 from the man who's worked most closely with him, physical therapist Allen= =20 Hardin.  Applewhite, Hardin stresses unequivocally, is ready to play now.  Hardin said Applewhite has tested 5 to 10 percent above the expected range= =20 when he's had periodic strength and flexibility tests on the injured leg.= =20 During rehab, Hardin ditched the pool work, concentrating instead on=20 sport-specific movements, shortly after Applewhite observed that very few= =20 football games are played under water.  One of the most effective of the workouts involved pulling on Applewhite wi= th=20 rubber tubing as the quarterback moved, cut and set up, strengthening his= =20 supporting muscles and improving his balance.  "If I came in and told him to do what he did yesterday, he wasn't happy,=20 because he wanted to be challenged," Hardin said. "It was a challenge to co= me=20 up with things to challenge him."  "The only difference I can tell about the knee is it takes longer to warm= =20 up," Applewhite said. "I'll jog for four minutes instead of two, stretch fo= r=20 six minutes instead of five."  After workouts, Applewhite dutifully ices his knee, though he does so based= =20 more on conventional wisdom than necessity.  "I've always heard you can get tendinitis, so I ice it," he said. "I don't= =20 have any of the symptoms, so it feels like I'm icing it for no reason."  In some ways, Applewhite feels he's better for the injury, not the least of= =20 which being a renewed appreciation for the game.  "So what if I'm tired?" he said. "I can rest when I die."  Resting now isn't a bad thing, either. Applewhite said missing spring drill= s=20 was a boon for his arm.  "I was throwing so much during the spring (of 1999), summer and season that= =20 it felt like my arm was run ragged," he said.  Of course, the knee questions will be answered the first time Applewhite=20 takes a hit in the fall. The other question, the one that he can't shake,= =20 will take a little longer.  Who's the starter going to be =01* Applewhite or Simms?  "I'd be quick to drop in comments about Chris," Hardin said of his=20 occasional, and apparently unnecessary, mention of Simms as a motivational= =20 ploy. "But I think internally, he'd have worked that hard whatever."  "It's remarkable the way he's come back," said sophomore cornerback Roderic= k=20 Babers, noting that Applewhite has been occasionally overthrowing even the= =20 speediest receivers in workouts. "In two-a-days, it'll be a fair fight."  Asked to size up how Applewhite and Simms have looked in informal workouts,= =20 Babers said, "I think (Simms) has the advantage. Major's been sitting out a= nd=20 Simms' confidence is up, big-time. That's what you need in a quarterback. B= ut=20 at the same time, Major's a veteran. He's beaten Nebraska. He's beaten them= =20 all."  "He's the same old Major," cornerback Quentin Jammer said.  Soon Applewhite will probably be as tired of talking about the quarterback= =20 duel as he is about answering questions about the state of his knee. Now, a= =20 month before the freshmen report on Aug. 13, he's talking about how he's no= t=20 competing against Simms, just against himself.  "The competitive nature that Tiger Woods has is the competitive nature I=20 have," Applewhite said. "At Pebble Beach, Tiger was up 15 and had a 10-foot= er=20 on the last hole for birdie, and he was out there lining it up. He could ha= ve=20 done the 'Happy Gilmore' tap to the hole and still won. But he wanted it al= l."  Simms has bulked up from 208 to 223 pounds, working on his leg and upper bo= dy=20 strength.  "I feel like there's more to me now, that it's not like the wind's going to= =20 blow me over," he said. "I don't want to be a wimpy quarterback. I want to = be=20 like Brett Favre. He's not the biggest or the fastest, but he can run when = he=20 has to and he can chuck it 80 (yards).  "It's going to come, and it'll get worse," Simms said of the building=20 scrutiny. "To tell you the truth, I don't care. Football's a competitive=20 sport. There's nothing you can do about it."  So he shrugs it off for now, concentrating on finishing up summer school.= =20 He's working on his topic for a writing course, "History of American=20 Baseball." The book he chose is about Babe Ruth.  In August, the topic switches to college football. The question remains the= =20 same. And Chris Simms, or Major Applewhite, won't write this story.  They'll live it.    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- -- 
 you realize that who plove takes is irrelevant b/c your are going to take the best player available at either slot.  It is what you think you can make up with the additional picks.  besides, both of us are at equal risk to who plove picks 
 My 1,4,and 6 for your 1, 5,7 
 My 1,4,and 6 for your 1, 5,7 
 So, what you got? 
 You cannot pickup players in the playoffs.  That defeats the whole purpose of the playoff system! 
 http://houston.citysearch.com/E/V/HOUTX/0000/91/67/cs1.html 
 Am I going to be able to get these out on the website today?  Eric 
 I offered you my 1 and 3 for your 1 and 4.  I can throw in my 5 for your 6.  Let me know.  Eric 
 I would like to trade for your 2nd pick in the draft.  I can offer you a 2nd round pick and a 9th round pick.  What do you think?  Eric 
 I will give you my 3rd and 9th round picks for your 2nd.  Let me know. 
 You're right. We cheated by trying to screw everyone who isn't fortunate enough to work at Enron.  Give it a rest.  The order was determined by an impartial 3rd party. 
 1st, and 10th 
 Here it is.  1. Dave Baumbach 2. Matt Lenhart 3. Bryan Hull 4. Mick Walters 5. O'neal Winfree 6. Hector/Lenny/Brian 7. Eric Bass 8. Harry Bucalo 9. Jason Bass 10. Phillip Love 11. Ramiro 12. Gary Lamphier 
 it will probably be today sometime 
 By unanimous vote we will pre-determine the draft order.  So, if nobidy has any objections, I will pick the draft order here at work under the scrutinhy of several other players ( Dave B, O. Winfree, M. Lenhart, M. Walters).  Also, by majority vote, will have a required tight end posn.  Meaning the starting lineups will include 1QB, 2 RBs, 3 WRs, 1 TE, 1 K, 1 Def.   Please e-mail back if you are ok with me picking the draft order.  Eric 
 Here is the analysis that I completed.  Let me know if you have questions.  Eric     Enron North America Corp. 
 Good to finally hear from.  Judging from your e-mail, it sounds like you had some fun in your exercises- I guess that English degree is finally paying off. Luckily you missed out on another series of disappointments from the Longhorn football team.  It seems as though they are improving, however.  Hopefully we will be playing for the National Championship next year.  How are things otherwise?  When are you coming into town again?  Later-  Eric 
 Just in case you were interested.  Here is some of the correspondence that is going on. 
 Last year we played with a mandatory Tight End.  Do you want to continue this and thus start 1 QB, 2 RBs, 3WRs, 1 TE, 1 K, 1 Def?  Also,  I need to know if you would prefer to determine the draft order prior to the draft.  I would prefer to do this b/c it gives the opportunity to plan and trade your picks.  Let me know.  Eric 
 Check out this link, and then read the story below. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/et?ac=000625542412043&rtmo=aq4CTWTJ&atmo=99999999&p g=/et/00/4/20/nmar20.html    WAKE UP AMER  A, THIS IS WHY OUR FOUNDING FATHERS PUT THE SECOND AMENDMENT IN OUR CONSTITUTION  Where We're Headed By Robert A. Waters ****************************************************************  You're sound asleep when you hear a thump outside your bedroom door.  Half-awake, and nearly paralyzed with fear, you hear muffled whispers. At least two people have broken into your house and are moving your way.  With your heart pumping, you reach down beside your bed and pick up your shotgun. You rack a shell into the chamber, then inch toward the door and open it.  In the darkness, you make out two shadows. One holds a weapon--it looks like a crowbar.  When the intruder brandishes it as if to strike, you raise the shotgun and fire. The blast knocks both thugs to the floor. One writhes and screams while the second man crawls to the front door and lurches outside.  As you pick up the telephone to call police, you know you're in trouble. In your country, most guns were outlawed years before, and the few that are privately owned are so stringently regulated as to make them useless. Yours was never registered.  Police arrive and inform you that the second burglar has died. They arrest you for First Degree Murder and Illegal Possession of a Firearm.  When you talk to your attorney, he tells you not to worry: authorities will probably plea the case down to manslaughter. "What kind of sentence will I get?" you ask. "Only ten-to-twelve years," he replies, as if that's nothing. "Behave yourself, and you'll be out in seven."  The next day, the shooting is the lead story in the local newspaper. Somehow, you're portrayed as an eccentric vigilante while the two men you shot are represented as choir boys. Their friends and relatives can't find an unkind word to say about them. Buried deep down in the article, authorities acknowledge that both "victims" have been arrested numerous times. But the next day's headline says it all: "Lovable Rogue Son Didn't Deserve to Die." The thieves have been transformed from career criminals into Robin Hood-type pranksters.  As the days wear on, the story takes wings. The national media picks it up, then the international media.  The surviving burglar has become a folk hero. Your attorney says the thief is preparing to sue you, and he'll probably win.  The media publishes reports that your home has been burglarized several times in the past and that you've been critical of local police for their lack of effort in apprehending the suspects. After the last break-in, you told your neighbor that you would be prepared next time. The District Attorney uses this to allege that you were lying in wait for the burglars.  A few months later, you go to trial. The charges haven't been reduced, as your lawyer had so confidently predicted. When you take the stand, your anger at the injustice of it all works against you. Prosecutors paint a picture of you as a mean, vengeful man.  It doesn't take long for the jury to convict you of all charges.  The judge sentences you to life in prison.  __________________________________________  This case really happened.  *********************************** On August 22, 1999, Tony Martin of Emneth, Norfolk, England, killed one burglar and wounded a second. In April, 2000, he was convicted and is now serving a life term.  How did it become a crime to defend one's own life in the once-great British Empire?  It started with the Pistols Act of 1903. This seemingly reasonable law forbade selling pistols to minors or felons and established that handgun sales were to be made only to those who had a license. The Firearms Act of 1920 expanded licensing to include not only handguns but all firearms except shotguns. Later laws passed in 1953 and 1967 outlawed the carrying of any weapon by private citizens and mandated the registration of all shotguns.  Momentum for total handgun confiscation began in earnest after the Hungerford mass shooting in 1987. Michael Ryan, a mentally disturbed man with a Kalashnikov rifle, walked down the streets shooting everyone he saw. When the smoke cleared, 17 people were dead.  The British public, already de-sensitized by eighty years of "gun control", demanded even tougher restrictions. (The seizure of all privately owned handguns was the objective even though Ryan used a rifle.)  Nine years later, at Dunblane, Scotland, Thomas Hamilton used a semi-automatic weapon to murder 16 children and a teacher at a public school.  For many years, the media had portrayed all gun owners as mentally unstable, or worse, criminals. Now the press had a real kook with which to beat up law-abiding gun owners. Day after day, week after week, the media gave up all pretense of objectivity and demanded a total ban on all handguns. The Dunblane Inquiry, a few months later, sealed the fate of the few sidearms still owned by private citizens.  During the years in which the British government incrementally took away most gun rights, the notion that a citizen had the right to armed self-defense came to be seen as vigilantism. Authorities refused to grant gun licenses to people who were threatened, claiming that self-defense was no longer considered a reason to own a gun. Citizens who shot burglars or robbers or rapists were charged while the real criminals were released. Indeed, after the Martin shooting, a police spokesman was quoted as saying, "We cannot have people take the law into their own hands."  All of Martin's neighbors had been robbed numerous times, and several elderly people were severely injured in beatings by young thugs who had no fear of the consequences. Martin himself, a collector of antiques, had seen most of his collection trashed or stolen by burglars.  When the Dunblane Inquiry ended, citizens who owned handguns were given three months to turn them over to local authorities. Being good British subjects, most people obeyed the law. The few who didn't were visited by police and threatened with ten-year prison sentences if they didn't comply.  Police later bragged that they'd taken nearly 200,000 handguns from private citizens.  How did the authorities know who had handguns?  The guns had been registered and licensed. Kinda like cars.  Sound familiar?  WAKE UP AMERICA, THIS IS WHY OUR FOUNDING FATHERS PUT THE SECOND AMENDMENT IN OUR CONSTITUTION.    - att1.htm 
 Michael,  Wednesday afternoon after 3:00 would be good for me.  Let me know if this works for you.   Eric 
 7 
 By popular vote, we will have a draft instead of an auction and the draft will take place on 8/20.  Rules to follow.  Eric 
 We have had a request to change from a draft to an auction system for acquiring players.  Please take a look at www.fanball.com and take the links to the auction ( I think it is Auctions A-Z) and let me know which option you think is better. 
 i told you so! 
 The new draft date is 8/20 by overwhelming majority.  Stay tuned for further details. 
 Hector,  I invitate you touch my big, beautiful, American breasts! 
 Yep, I hit the site every day to check out the weather and snow reports.  I am excited because I haven't experienced real winter like conditions for 3 years. Have you been skiing before?  -Eric 
 There are some conflicts with the draft date, so we will probably need to have it on a different date.  Please tell me if you prefer 9/2 ( the day before the season starts) or 8/20.  We could also do it during the week, but it will probably takle 3 or 4 hrs.  Let me know suggestions. 
 what day is good for you? 
 don't worry about it 
 im thinking perfect storm 
 It looks like we have our 12 teams.  We will probably keep the same rules from last year unless anybody has an objection.  Still to be determined are league fees, draft date , and free agent pickup protocol.  I suggest that we draft on August 27th at the Enron building on floor 26.  For those of you that can't make it, you can draft over the internet.  We will be using cbs sportsline again - I think that will be $8/person.  Let me know if anyone has a problem with the draft date, i.e. can't make it, too early, too late. If not, THE MEXIMULLETS look forward to a return to Prominence this year. You all do not stand a chance!  -Eric 
 i think this is a call for help.  maybe you should provide with some service tonight? 
 by the way we are going to see either the patriot or the perfect storm tonight - so decide! 
 hey, long time no hear! how have you been? how was the trip?  i had fantastic time on my cruise. unfortunately, i got back on sunday and it was straight to work on monday.  i'm assuming you didn't take up permanent residence in Belize, so, if you didn't, drop me a line.   -e 
 don't worry about it :) 
 how was the surgery - do you need any prosthetics for your birthday? 
 check out this site.  louise starts school aug 14, so if we all go it would have to be before then. 
 looks like classes begin aug 14. 
 Looks like the only game I can make is the Alabama game    Louisiana State Tigers schedule/results (All times Eastern.)  September 9/2 Western Carolina at Louisiana State TBA 9/9 Houston at Louisiana State 8 p.m. 9/16 Louisiana State at Auburn 7 p.m. 9/23 Alabama-Birmingham at Louisiana State TBA 9/30 Tennessee at Louisiana State TBA  October 10/7 Louisiana State at Florida TBA 10/14 Kentucky at Louisiana State 9 p.m. 10/21 Mississippi State at Louisiana State TBA  November 11/4 Alabama at Louisiana State TBA 11/11 Louisiana State at Mississippi TBA 11/25 Louisiana State at Arkansas 2 p.m.    September 9/9 Louisiana-Lafayette at Texas TBA 9/16 Texas at Stanford 10:15 p.m. 9/23 Houston at Texas TBA 9/30 Oklahoma State at Texas TBA  October 10/7 Texas at Oklahoma 3:30 p.m. 10/14 Texas at Colorado TBA 10/21 Missouri at Texas TBA 10/28 Baylor at Texas TBA  November 11/4 Texas at Texas Tech TBA 11/11 Texas at Kansas TBA 11/24 Texas A&M at Texas TBA 
 i expected a better reply from you 
 i'm going to kick your ass at practice just like i kicked your ass last year at fantasy football 
 here is the correspondence so far 
 let me see how many are interested.  i am aiming for 12 and i already have at least 10 (hull, you, me, jason, mick, harry, hector, matt, gary lam., ramiro)    Enron Capital Management 
 By the way I am going to kick all of you asses this year 
 It is coming up on that time again.  The most glorious time of year.  The time of the year when life begins anew.  No, not spring, FOOTBALL SEASON!  That being said, it is time to start thinking about fantasy football again.  I need to know who of you is interested in playing again, and any suggestions on rule changes (i.e. scoring, fees, etc.). I was thinking about having the draft in late August.  Let me know if you have any friends that you think might want to play.   -Eric 
 Updated plays.  I have copied both sheets on 1 page (front and back). 
 http://www.sportingnews.com/nfl/support/ 
 all you need to do is input your notional positions in the yellow fields 
 fitting story 
 Celeste,  I am writing to get some clarification on how the recent changes to the program affect my eligibility for promotion.  At the end of last year you informed me that I was not eligible for promotion to associate until the mid year review (my 2 year anniversary).  It was my impression that the only reason that I was held back from promotion into the associate program was tenure.  Now, after reading the memo, it seems as if I will not be eligible for promotion to associate until I complete 3 years in the program.  I am wondering if I am still eligible for promotion to associate during this PRC?  Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.  Eric Bass x3-0977 
 what are you talking about?    Enron North America Corp. 
 what does that mean?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Let me know if you can pull this info together.  Thanks,  Eric 
 http://cbs.sportsline.com/u/ce/feature/0,1518,2459991_54,00.html  http://cnnsi.com/basketball/nba/2000/nba_draft/news/2000/05/25/mock_draft1/ 
 sounds good 
 I was thinking that if we run trips on offense the other team won't know what hit them.  So I will draw up some plays.   What do you think? 
 Those look good, thanks.  Eric   Dale Neuner   06/14/2000 02:12 PM 
 I am taking Dad to dinner for Father's Day tommorow.  Do you want to come?  e 
 I am trying to pull together a report on the future of the gas market in Texas.  I was wondering if you have a report that shows new generation coming on in the next 3-4 years as well as a report that shows current generation. The names of the companies building/owning the facilities is not important. The most important data is MW capacity as well as type of generation (i.e., natural gas, coal, etc.)  Do you have this information?  Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 Crash and burn Louisville courtship of Rockets in jeopardy  June 13, 2000 1:42 p.m. ET  Associated Press  HOUSTON =01* The bid by Louisville, Ky., to land the Houston Rockets appear= s to=20 have fallen through. Jefferson County in Kentucky on Monday declined to join a three-pronged=20 proposal that would publicly finance a downtown basketball arena.  The plan suggested the city, county and state each issue up to $30 million = in=20 bonds to cover a portion of an arena that could cost $220 million.  The arena would be built to attract the Rockets or another professional=20 basketball team.  Team officials visited with Louisville business and government leaders last= =20 month. The Rockets have also been in negotiations with Baltimore, New Orlea= ns=20 and St. Louis, but Louisville was the only city to publicly court the team.  City officials wanted to submit a proposal to the Rockets by Tuesday, but t= he=20 county indicated it wasn't ready to participate in the plan, the Houston=20 Chronicle reported Tuesday.  "Please do not issue any statements of commitment, or send a memorandum of= =20 understanding at this time on behalf of the county," Jefferson County=20 Judge/Executive Rebecca Jackson wrote in a letter that was delivered to=20 Louisville Mayor David Armstrong.  The letter, dated Monday, was also signed by the county's three commissione= rs.  The Rockets declined comment on the development, but denied ever giving=20 Louisville attorney J. Bruce Miller a deadline to submit a proposal.  Meanwhile Monday, about 35 protesters chanted "don't pick our pockets to pa= y=20 for the Rockets!" in front of the county courthouse in Louisville to protes= t=20 spending public money on an arena.  The Rockets have been considering a move since November, when voters in=20 Houston rejected a plan to build them a $160 million arena. 
 are you coming or not bitch? 
 We are meeting at Chuy's at 7:00 tonight to celebrate Tim's 30th Birthday! Be there or be square 
 guess who sent me this!  it actually is pretty interesting to see how other companies value their analysts, though. 
 We are meeting at Chuy's at 7:00 tonight to celebrate Tim's 30th Birthday! Be there or be square 
 This reimbursement is for the CFA test.  I am in the analyst program, do I need to get my direct supervisor to sign off or get someone in the analyst program to sign?  Thanks,  Eric 
 You're done,  Hale is starting on Sat.  LSU doesn't stand a chance! http://www.ncaabaseball.com/news/bbo/bbc/2000/06/08/960520710439.html 
 you know that all of us (Matt, Chad, and I)are just fucking with you about the EES bullshit.  if it bothers you that much then say something about it. as far as my comments on your performance here, i was just kidding.  i know that brenda thinks the world of you and that you wouldn't have stayed even if invited, besides, i learned from the intramonth guru himself.  i was just trying to defend myself because you were saying that all i do is follow tom's lead.  and, by the way, i did not make a comment about ees until you brought up the cfa.  i know that you, matt, and chad think that i had nerves and that is why i didn't take the test, but why the hell would i have nerves about a test that has no bearing whatsoever on my future.  so quit the bullshit, and, TEXAS will still beat the shit out of LSU on Sat. 
 You had to hit below the belt.  We were having a friendly shit talking contest, which, by the way, you started, and then you took the gloves off.  What's up with that? 
 I guess it isn't as tough as EES, you're right.  I would hate to have to come to work at 9:00 am and leave at 5:00 everyday.  I guess I just had this opportunity fall in my lap because I never have added the kind of value that you did while in risk or EES.  I guess that is why I got offered a promotion to stay and you were sent packing to Enron Siberia.  P.S. Shanna has another skank friend coming in town this weekend, maybe you can hook up! 
 It may not be rocket science, but not everyone can hack it.  Isn't that why you left the wholesale side of the business?  Besides somebody has to take up the slack for EES.  Let the me know when you need some earnings to cover your loss for the quarter, I'm sure I can spare some out of my book! 
 I don't need to talk shit about the game.  I will let the Longhorns do the talking for me on Saturday.  By the way,  you can probably see your reflection in that surfboard by now. 
 let me know if you want me to bring something.  love e 
 we will make but won't be there till around 6:30 ish 
 That looks good, but I need an index based product for July for the HPL/HSX Pool (not the east pool)  Thanks,  Eric   Dale Neuner   06/06/2000 09:40 AM 
 I am trying to create the WkD for other areas beside HPL/HSX E but keep getting an error msg for length.   Is there a way to truncate these products so that we can trade them on eol?  Thanks,  Eric 
 EB3212C Thanks. 
 http://www.rsn.com/pages/include/cams/campic.html?rsn_resort=telluride 
 i haven't heard anything, i am waiting to hear.  the reg season is over but we may have a tourney 
 we might get together a little earlier depending on the time of the TEXAS/lsu game! and it is margaritas, babe! 
 are you going to actually send the schedule? 
 i have to go to a work thing saturday night but i will be up for going out after dinner 
 [IMAGE]	News ? Money ?  Entertainment ?  Kids ?  Family 	Keyword Search ESPN.com Search The Web ?????? [IMAGE]			?    ESPN.com and Soccernet Have Joined Forces! 3 Risk Free Issues!  [IMAGE]  ?ESPN Network: ESPN.com | NFL.com | NBA.com | NASCAR | NHL.com | WNBA.com | ABCSports | EXPN | FANTASY | STORE | INSIDER	[IMAGE]  [IMAGE]     M College BB [IMAGE]        Scores/Schedules Rankings Standings Statistics Transactions Injuries Message board Weekly lineup Teams Recruiting NCAA StatSearch          ? Sport Sections [IMAGE]       MLB  Scores    NBA?|?Playoffs  Scores    NHL?|?Finals  Scores    Golf Online  Scores    Soccer  Scores    WNBA  Scores NFL College Football M College BB Tennis Autos?|?Indy 500 NASCAR Horse Racing Soccernet (UK)   More Sports Baseball-min. Boxing CFL Col hockey Extreme Fig. skating High School Hockey-min. Outdoors W. Col BB Other sports      ? Broadcast [IMAGE]    ESPN Radio TV Listings Video Highlights Audio Highlights       ? Community [IMAGE]    Sign-in/Home Chat Message Boards Arcade Games       ? ESPN Inc. [IMAGE]    The Magazine Personalities Press Releases ESPN Products Ask ESPN ESPN Zone     [IMAGE]    SPECIAL SECTIONS Fantasy Games ??MLB: Tip sheet ??MLB: Daily dish     Contests Baseball Trivia Champ. Road Test     Careers in Sports     ESPN Classic     SportsFigures     Sports JEOPARDY!     Training Room     Vid Game Reviews     ?			Tuesday, May 30 Mock draft No. 1: Mihm's the word  ?      ?	By Andy Katz ESPN.com  With the number of impact players available in the NBA draft somewhere between few and none, this year's selections will be based on the potential of the underclassmen and the needs of the teams.  NBA scouts, general managers and player personnel directors are banking heavily on impressions made at private workouts and the Chicago pre-draft camp June 6-9. Because so many players are relatively close in terms of talent and opinions could change almost daily, this is the first of several projections we'll have on ESPN.com.  A number of players still have work to do to earn first-round spots, but could easily sneak back on with impressive workouts and/or a strong showing in Chicago.  The borderline first-rounders who didn't make ESPN.com's list but have a chance to move up are UCLA sophomore forward JaRon Rush, LSU senior center Jabari Smith, Temple junior guard Mark Karcher, UCLA freshman guard Jason Kapono, Purdue senior forward Brian Cardinal, Connecticut junior point guard Khalid El-Amin, Indiana senior guard A.J. Guyton, Ohio State senior point guard Scoonie Penn, Northern Arizona senior center Dan McClintock, Ohio State junior guard Michael Redd, Penn State senior center Jarrett Stephens, Turkey forward Hidayet Turkoglu and Nigerian forward Olumide Oyediji.  Any of these players could crack the bottom third of the draft over the next month. The problem for underclassmen such as Kapono and Karcher is they must decide if it's worth the risk to stay in the draft. Underclassmen have until June 21 to pull their name out and still return to school. Rush, El-Amin and Redd have all said they plan on staying in the draft, regardless of what happens.  ESPN.com checked with scouts around the league to get a feel about its mock draft and came up with these 29 selections for the week of May 22.     Chris Mihm  Mihm towered over much of the competition in college.  1. New Jersey -- Chris Mihm, 7-0, Jr., Texas: The Nets need a center and could go with Mihm or Kenyon Martin, but the pick here is Mihm. The Nets could either hold on to the pick and see if Jayson Williams plays next season, or deal it to the Bulls for the No. 4 and No. 7 picks.  2. Vancouver - Kenyon Martin, 6-9, Sr., Cincinnati: The Grizzlies would be getting a steal by grabbing Martin at No. 2. He's the hardest-working player in the draft and, with a healthy leg, the most effective low-post scorer. Martin could play next to Shareef Abdur-Rahim and Bryant Reeves. If the Grizzlies aren't ready to go with Martin, he makes for a tantalizing trade.  3. Los Angeles Clippers - Stromile Swift, 6-9, So., LSU: The Clippers have already inquired about Swift and see him as a potential small/power forward (which goes against LSU coach John Brady's philosophy of how to use him defensively). But, if Swift knows he's going to the Clips, he could opt to return to school. He has said he will not hire an agent, leaving the door open for a return.  4. Chicago -- Joel Przybilla, 7-0, Soph., Minnesota: The Bulls need a center for their triangle offense. If they can't trade for Mihm, Przybilla is next in line. He needs work but he has the skills to develop into a better offensive product than Luc Longley was during the Bulls' championship runs.  5. Orlando -- Marcus Fizer, 6-8, Jr., Iowa State: The Magic love Darius Miles but won't let Fizer drop below No. 5 if he's available. Fizer gives the Magic an inside scorer and a tough presence on the backboard that they lacked last season. Doc Rivers will fall in love with his work ethic.  6. Atlanta -- Mike Miller, 6-8, Soph., Florida: The Hawks have been high on Miller for a month and won't let him slide past them. Miles might be a better scorer but Miller's versatility will win the Hawks over at No. 6. Atlanta wants a small forward over a big guard.  7. Chicago -- Darius Miles, 6-9, HS, East St. Louis (Ill.): The Bulls can package Miles and Przybilla to the Nets or keep two players who could be solid players in the league. Miles might have more of an upside than Tracy McGrady. Tim Floyd knows all about working with high school seniors and would have the patience to wait for Miles to develop.  8. Cleveland -- Iakovos Tsakalidis, 7-1, Greece: The Cavs want size and the third-rated center in the draft is Tsakalidis. The Celtics covet him, too, but Cleveland might not give them the chance because of the Cavs' need for size with the uncertainty in their frontcourt. Reviews on Tsakalidis are split -- either scouts love him or think he's too slow.  9. Houston -- Courtney Alexander, 6-5, Sr., Fresno State: Alexander could go higher but not above six. The Rockets need scorers and Alexander will produce during individual workouts. The choice of Alexander, DeShawn Stevenson, DerMarr Johnson or Morris Peterson is hard to argue. Alexander can rise over a defense for a jump shot and has a pro game.  10. Orlando -- DeShawn Stevenson, 6-5, HS, Washington Union (Fresno, Calif.): The Magic will take one of the two high school seniors with one of their three picks. If Miles is gone, Stevenson will be too by No. 11. Orlando has scouted him for months and Rivers can afford to let Stevenson mature without feeling pressured to play him next season.  11. Boston -- DerMarr Johnson, 6-9, Fr., Cincinnati: Johnson can't slip past 11 with his Lamar Odom-like skills on the wing. The Celtics need size but can't let a scorer get past them in the draft. Johnson learned defense from Max Good and Bob Huggins, so Rick Pitino's pressure defense shouldn't be much different.  12. Dallas -- Mamadou N'diaye, 7-0, Sr., Auburn: Trying to predict what Don Nelson will do is the most difficult thing in this mock draft. But the Mavericks need athleticism in the frontcourt. They can't afford to go with a foreigner or a slower big man. N'diaye fits here if he does well in workouts and in Chicago -- if he shows.  13. Orlando -- Mateen Cleaves, 6-2, Sr., Michigan State: The Magic have to take a point guard with one of their three picks, but no one is good enough to spend the No. 5 or No. 10 pick on. Cleaves is at the top of the point-guard list list -- and would fit Rivers' style of play and coaching because of his leadership and toughness.  14. Detroit -- Morris Peterson, 6-6, Sr., Michigan State: The Pistons won't let the local hero leave the state. Peterson gives them a scorer to go next to or in place of Grant Hill if he leaves via free agency. Peterson could go higher -- if he's gone, the Pistons will take Alexander or Johnson.  15. Milwaukee -- Etan Thomas, 6-9, Sr., Syracuse: The Bucks want a power forward and Thomas is fourth on their list behind Martin, Fizer and Swift. None will be available by the time they pick. Thomas can give them a rebounder and defender, something they lacked in their playoff losses to the Pacers.  16. Sacramento -- Erick Barkley, 6-1, Soph., St. John's: The Kings need a backup point to Jason Williams. Barkley could come in and wouldn't be under any pressure to perform immediately. He's the No. 2 point guard behind Cleaves.  17. Seattle -- Quentin Richardson, 6-6, Soph., DePaul: Had Richardson stayed, he would have probably been in the lottery next season. But he doesn't fit all of the teams' needs above, which is why he falls all the way to the Sonics. He gives them another rebounding wing and a scorer to complement Rashard Lewis, if he re-signs.  18. Los Angeles Clippers -- Keyon Dooling, 6-3, Soph., Missouri: The Clippers need a point guard but won't take one at No. 3. Dooling has the upside that some of the senior points don't carry into the draft. But the potential of being a mid-teens draft pick may scare Dooling into returning to school.  19. Charlotte -- Jerome Moiso, 6-10, Soph., UCLA: Moiso could still slide up into the late lottery (maybe to Dallas) but if he falls, the Hornets will catch him. Moiso can play power forward or center for the Hornets because of his ability to block shots and score from 12 feet in to the basket. The Hornets could use a frontcourt player or shooting guard in this draft.  20. Philadelphia -- Jamal Crawford, 6-6, Fr., Michigan: The Sixers have already called on Crawford's behalf and love him as a combo guard to come off the bench. Crawford would likely stay in the draft if he's in the first round, regardless of where he's being picked.  21. Toronto -- Craig "Speedy" Claxton, 5-11, Sr., Hofstra: The Raptors have already begun working out point guards and have Claxton in their top five. If Cleaves, Barkley, Dooling and Crawford are all gone, Claxton is the natural pick for the Raptors.  22. New York -- Jamaal Magloire, 6-11, Sr., Kentucky: The Knicks took some heat for taking Frederic Weis last year. Jeff Van Gundy wants tough, physical players. Magloire gets the nod over Jason Collier if the Knicks go big. Magloire proved this season that he can play with passion in the post.  23. Utah -- Hanno M"tt"l,, 6-9, Sr., Utah: The Jazz can't go wrong with picking M"tt"l, from nearby Utah. He can score from the wing, but he'll end up playing more inside because of his defensive limitations as a small forward. If M"tt"l, doesn't go to the Jazz, he could slip out of the first round.  24. Chicago -- Jeryl Sasser, 6-7, Jr., SMU: The Bulls have to find a point guard in this draft but can't go after one in the lottery. The most intriguing point guard left could be Sasser. He can play both guard positions, he's one of the better defenders in the draft and would give the Bulls some versatility on the floor.  25. Phoenix -- Jason Collier, 7-0, Sr., Georgia Tech: The Suns need another big guy to go with Luc Longley -- either as a backup, or on the floor together. Collier has more offensive potential than many big men. The Suns have the luxury to allow Collier a few years to develop into a NBA center.  26. Utah -- Chris Carrawell, 6-6, Sr., Duke: The Jazz need to add athleticism and fresh legs, either with Carrawell or Oklahoma State's Desmond Mason. Carrawell will probably get the nod because of his Duke pedigree. He could still go higher but his 'tweener status fits more as a late first-round pick.  27. Indiana -- Donnell Harvey, 6-8, Fr., Florida: Harvey is getting rave reviews for his work ethic in workouts, and he didn't leave school early without some sort of assurance he could go in the first round. The Pacers have a history of going younger in the draft.  28. Portland -- Soumaila Samake, 7-2, Cincinnati Stuff (IBL): The Blazers don't need much but could go with a wacky pick by taking the first player to jump from the fledgling IBL to the NBA. Samake has the size, shot-blocking skills and potential to be an NBA center. Arvydas Sabonis doesn't have many miles left in his legs.  29. Los Angeles Lakers -- Desmond Mason, 6-6, Sr., Oklahoma State: Here's where any one of the bubble players could go, such as Rush, Karcher or Stephens. But Mason is a more polished, experienced player. He gives the Lakers an athlete on the wing who would fit in well in their system.  Andy Katz is a senior writer at ESPN.com.  ?   ALSO SEE NBA draft order  Nets weigh M&M's: Mihm and Martin  Early-entry list for NBA draft has some surprises  Draft: Top five players by position  Draft: Who's advising these guys?  Early-entry candidates for NBA draft  Draft: Who could go in the first round    [IMAGE]       ESPN.com:Help | Advertiser Info | Contact Us | Tools | Site Map | Jobs at ESPN.com Copyright ,2000 ESPN Internet Ventures. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information  are applicable to this site. 
 why the hell were you invited? 
 did i win my bet? 
 this is a great memo brian, i am so proud of you.  did you write this? 
 i want to get a job at comopaq too! 
 attitude 
 did you get mauricio to play? 
 wrong address for my brother, he doesn't work for comopaq.  and quit putting me last 
 only if you go 
 Any news on this data?  -Eric 
 We are going to be rolling out a new product on EOL starting this bidweek. This product will be for physical delivery only on the weekdays (no weekend delivery).  Currently, the EOL/Sitara Bridge cannot handle this type of logic, so these deals will have to be input manually.  Let me know if you have further questions.  Eric 
 fyi 
 can't find his name in the address book - you fwd it 
 by the way, i think luis is out of town.  so, if you want, you are the qb.  let me know 
 it says that on the schedule, we will find out tonight 
 Let me know whether or not you will be there.  Please try to make it by 9:15. 
 http://www.lasvegassun.com/sunbin/stories/archives/2000/nov/10/511018638.html? tom+carroll 
 Any news?  Eric 
 http://www.theonion.com/onion3618/kid_rock_starves.html 
 thought you might appreciate 
 i will probably be able to make it. 
 i just slept on it wrong so i couldn't move it to the left on friday.  how was the graduation and the party.  i am sorry i missed it.  -e 
 My supervisor is Thomas A. Martin. 
 in 
 did you buy any enron in the 60s? 
 http://www.lasvegassun.com/sunbin/stories/archives/2000/nov/10/511018638.html? tom+carroll 
 Facility fees should be part of the accrual value that fall's out each month ( as long as the deals are in the WH portfolio).  This value should not be given to Sharp unless he bears the cost of the facilities.  There is a file in my folder that has a listing of some of the deals that have facility fees.  For further info contact Vance Taylor. (the file is called fac costs)  In addition,  I am forwarding an e-mail sent by George Weissman to me regarding accrual value.  He thinks that the Coastal Deal that shows up as a huge negative each month should have been restructured in April.  Could you check into this and get back to him?  Thanks,  Eric     Enron Capital Management 
  Let me know whether or not you will be there.  Please try to make it by 9:15. 
 Sorry I didn't call you last night.  I didn't get home until 10 and brian was on the phone untill 11, so I figured you were asleep by then.  I'll give you a call later.  e 
 ask mom 
 i forget 
 there you go, i like being first on your list 
 Dale/Melba,  I need a gas daily monthly index to be set up for both Carthage Hub and Agua Dulce Hub. We will be trading basis swaps off of this differential.  Call with questions. Thanks, Eric x3-0977 
 I really just need historical throughput, especially third party, to the major market areas.  I am going to analyze this data from a temperature correlation perspective to see if we can use weather derivatives to hedge throughput exposure. Data as far back as can be pulled accurately would be helpful.  Call with questions.  Thanks,  Eric x3-0977    Enron North America Corp. 
 Earl,  James McKay referred me to you for information regarding historical throughput numbers on HPL.  Ed Gottlob and I are looking at ways to hedge the pipe and need this data as far back as can accurately be obtained.  Thanks,   Eric 
 http://cbs.sportsline.com/u/ce/multi/0,1329,3028555_56,00.html 
 Please let me know whether or not you will be there.  Please try to be there by 8:15. 
 We will trade this product every day, but we aim to start trading it this bid week, if possible.  Eric   Dale Neuner   05/04/2000 01:41 PM 
 Any news? we would like to trade that this bid week   Thanks,  Eric 
 he forgot  the address  sorry :(  try bankrate.com 
 Here are the numbers   Enron North America Corp. 
 We need these locations set up to trade financial products for now.  We will be trading physical at Carthage but firmness is not a problem there.  Agua Dulce firmness may be a problem for physical, but as of now we are only going to trade it financially.     Dale Neuner   05/01/2000 09:43 AM 
 Dale,  On the new Gas Daily product that you are setting up, I think it would be a good idea to have a Nymex reference in the short description.  Something like, US Gas Daily NX GD/D HSC.   In addtion, we need two new index locations set up, Carthage hub and Agua Dulce hub.  Please contact Todd Richardson for further details on these.  Thanks for your help. 
 We had fun.  Shanna got sick, though, so we left around 1.  You? 
 I'll probably go to the tour and, if weather permits, the game.      Enron Capital Management 
 http://www.sportingnews.com/voices/tom_dienhart/20001114.html 
 If the weather holds out ...  Let me know whether or not you will be there. Please try to make it by 7:15. 
 No thanks.  I have a bunch from work already.  Are you going to any of it?  E 
 i am going tomorrow 
 No problem.  I didn't go out last night - just had a quiet evening.  I am having a great day - work wise.  Are you going to the shell open? 
 This looks good.  All we need is to get it into production.   Thanks,  Eric   Dale Neuner   04/27/2000 04:05 PM 
 jesus. you must have had sex with a cousin     Enron North America Corp. 
 liar 
 55 - how about you? 
 Hey Paul,  I left a msg in your voice mail, but the low down is that the ENE/AC Flag Football tourney is Saturday and we would like you to play.  The tourney starts at 10 and is 3 hours long.  If we win, we get 16 tickets to the game (2 for each of us).  Let me know if you are interested.  Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 i bet you score over 200! 
 Here is the wh data.  I have included the file for February only.  Keep in mind that some deals, such as Costilla, have multiple tickets in the system so it is impossible to estimate accrual revenue/expense in the system accurately.  I have made top level adjustments to these deals. 
 Tom Martin 
 be there on time beaaaaaccccccccchhhhhh    Enron Investment Partners 
 We have a game tonight at 6:45.  Please try to be there by 6:30.  Let me know whether or not you will be at the game.  Eric 
 Thought you might be interested in this! 
 we will have a list of patterns just in case people don't know what they are, but the plays are designed to clear out areas so that certain patterns are more open. you can draw plays in excel using the drawing toolbar.  what time are we going to scrimmage tomorrow? 
 that is the website i like!!   Hector Campos                04/20/2000 08:36 AM 
 things are going well.  i still haven't gotten your graduation invite. unless i'm not invited anymore .... 
 Are you excited about the sequel?  Don't worry, I'll go se it with you.  I know you are excite about the reunion, so I won't even ask about that.  EB 
 Thanks for the information.  We are using it to try to get a sense of the increase in demand created by this new generation.  I have cross referenced some of your info with some info from the power desk.  this info is attached.  In addition, it would be helpful to get a copy of the maps you mentioned below.  Please let me know when you can send the maps.   Thanks,  Eric      Enron North America Corp. 
 doubleday    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hear is the info.  Let me know if you have any further questions. 
 Melissa,  As you know, as of Jan 01, 2000 the Wellhead Portfolio has been segregated from the rest of HPLC's Physical Portfolio.  As a result of this segregation, it has become much easier to analyze and manipulate this data so that monthly "accrual value" can be determined.  This analysis has resulted in the realization that the Wellhead Potfolio creates approximately $275,000 of accrual value per month.  The main drivers of this accrual value are deals that have rolled into evergreen status, accrual term deals,  actual volumes greater than booked, half cent bid to mid spread, incorrect markings, and value withheld from MTM because of accrual costs.  Of the above, Greg Sharp will receive value associated with evergreen/accrual deals, actual volumes greater than or less than booked, and deals incorrectly marked.  Tom will keep value associated with his half cent bid to mid and accrual value needed to pay accrual costs (such as gas quality issues).  The breakout of this value has been on average 60% to Greg and 40% to Tom.  The following is a breakdown of 1st quarter accrual value.  January-  Total Accrual Value = $266,504  Greg's Value       Tom's Value Evergreen Value =                         $140,750     Bid to Mid = $105,000 Accrual Value =                               $53,000    Accrual Costs =       $13,000 Actual Volumes>Booked =         $60,000           $118,000 Incorrect Marking =                       ($105,000) Total Value =                                   $148,750  February-  Total Accrual Value = $289,305  Greg's Value       Tom's Value Evergreen Value =                         $145,000     Bid to Mid = $100,000 Accrual Value =                               $62,000    Accrual Costs =       $13,000 Actual Volumes>Booked =         $65,000           $113,000 Incorrect Marking =                       ($95,000) Total Value =                                   $177,000  March -  Total Accrual Value = $292,145  Greg's Value       Tom's Value Evergreen Value =                         $147,000     Bid to Mid = $106,000 Accrual Value =                               $59,000    Accrual Costs =       $13,000 Actual Volumes>Booked =         $66,000           $119,000 Incorrect Marking =                       ($100,000) Total Value =                                   $172,000  Let me know if you have any questions.  Eric  Enron North America Corp. 
 What I am really looking for is a way to save monthly production data by county for the entire state for all of the data.  Unfortunately, saving the data like you mentioned wouldn't save me that much time.  Thanks for your help.  Eric Bass 
 Melissa,  As you know, as of Jan 01, 2000 the Wellhead Portfolio has been segregated from the rest of HPLC's Physical Portfolio.  As a result of this segregation, it has become much easier to analyze and manipulate this data so that monthly "accrual value" can be determined.  This analysis has resulted in the realization that the Wellhead Potfolio creates approximately $275,000 of accrual value per month.  The main drivers of this accrual value are deals that have rolled into evergreen status, accrual term deals,  actual volumes greater than booked, half cent bid to mid spread, incorrect markings, and value withheld from MTM because of accrual costs.  Of the above, Greg Sharp will receive value associated with evergreen/accrual deals, actual volumes greater than or less than booked, and deals incorrectly marked.  Tom will keep value associated with his half cent bid to mid and accrual value needed to pay accrual costs (such as gas quality issues).  The breakout of this value has been on average 60% to Greg and 40% to Tom.  The following is a breakdown of 1st quarter accrual value.  January-  Total Accrual Value = $266,504  Greg's Value       Tom's Value Evergreen Value =                         $140,750     Bid to Mid = $105,000 Accrual Value =                               $53,000    Accrual Costs =       $13,000 Actual Volumes>Booked =         $60,000           $118,000 Incorrect Marking =                       ($105,000) Total Value =                                   $148,750  February-  Total Accrual Value = $289,305  Greg's Value       Tom's Value Evergreen Value =                         $145,000     Bid to Mid = $100,000 Accrual Value =                               $62,000    Accrual Costs =       $13,000 Actual Volumes>Booked =         $65,000           $113,000 Incorrect Marking =                       ($95,000) Total Value =                                   $177,000  March -  Total Accrual Value = $292,145  Greg's Value       Tom's Value Evergreen Value =                         $147,000     Bid to Mid = $106,000 Accrual Value =                               $59,000    Accrual Costs =       $13,000 Actual Volumes>Booked =         $66,000           $119,000 Incorrect Marking =                       ($100,000) Total Value =                                   $172,000  Let me know if you have any questions.  Eric  Enron North America Corp. 
 No.  I went last year and it was more packed than on a regular day. 
 Hey Dad,  Mom wrote a note to me about your impending surgery.  What is the skinny?  Is this any different from the other skin cancers that you get removed?  How are things otherwise?  Love,  -e 
 We have a game tonight at 6:45.  Please try to be there by 6:30.  Let me know whether or not you will be at the game.  Eric 
 I don't think 5:15 is a great time for us, but don't let us keep you from going to the show.  If you want to go to the early show, we won't be offended.  We can do something another time.  We would love to do something with you if you decide against the 5:15 show. 
 Melissa,  Those numbers are all inclusive for the wellhead portfolio.  Sharp's number is embedded within those.  His number is estimated at approx $170,000/mo. I will follow up with these specific details.   Eric 
 Melissa,  Here are the accrual values for Q1.  More details to follow.  Jan - $266,504 Feb- $289,305 Mar - $292,145  Eric    Enron North America Corp. 
 That sounds good.  We will be there! 
 There is not enough data on it to make an educated decision.  It looks like they have the backing of an I-bank to place some more stock so that is somewhat encouraging.  You are going to have to make your own call on this one.  If you like the idea and you think they can execute, then go for it. 
 http://www.telski.com/tandp/extras/photo_of_day/index.html 
 Jill,  I was wondering if I could get some information on the Costilla deal, specifically the repurchase option.  I need to know the term, locations, volume and strike price of the call.   Thanks,   Eric x3-0977 
 i will go 
 What do I look like - a key map?  Take Allen Parkway to Shepherd.  Make a right on Shepherd and a quick left on Memorial.  Follow Memorial all the way to the park.  I don't know which side you will play on b/c both sides have fields. 
 Hey,  I tried to call you.  I need Brandi's Work #, Home # and Social Security #.  E 
 Tom has come to a decision on what to do with the ubiquitous accrual value. 60% of this value should be credited to Greg's Transport expense on a monthly basis.  Tom, in turn, will cover Ed on this portion of the expense.  For example:  Accrual Value comes out to be $300,000 for the month of April.  This means that:  Greg's portion of this value is 60% of $300,000 = $180,000 Tom's portion of this value is 40% of $300,000 = $120,000  Greg's Transport Expense is ($700,000) So, Tom will cover                      $180,000 of this expense Greg's adjusted Expense is   ($520,000)  Greg's P&L is net better off by the $180,000 of accrual value Tom's P&L is net better off by $120,000  of accrual value which had not been previously recognized. Ed's P&L is net unchanged from all of the above.   Call with questions.  Eric x3-0977 
 Did you make your reservation? 
 The new product will be a day product like our current Katy and HSC Pool products, so it will be a fixed price product for next day gas delivered at the Corpus location.   Call with questions.  x3-0977   Dale Neuner   04/03/2000 04:35 PM 
 what's up with the migraines? that is two weekends in a row!  the concert was good - we left a little bit before the goo goo dolls finished - i got to hear black ballon and name - so i was happy.   i felt sick this weekend too - so mine was pretty uneventful - i just lounged most of the weekend.  I did get to go to a game at my new field (Enron).  It is a great place to see a ballgame.  You really can appreciate the difference between Enron Field and the Astrodome.  I left early on Friday b/c I am a shooter :)  The Fam is great and Jason has not found a new job yet.  Phew! I think I got all of them (the questions, that is).  -e 
 I don't know.  I haven't heard anything.  You might want to talk to superfan ( aka  Chad) 
 Dale,  The Texas Desk needs to get a new product created.  We already have a baseload Index Corpus product.  We need to create a DAY Corpus product with the same parameters as this baseload product.   Also, anything new on the 5 X 24?  Thanks,  Eric 
 I know I might seem a little obsessed with this, but here are some of our plays from our flag football league.  There are plays on both tabs. I was thinking that we would start with me at left flanker, Paul Broderick at center, Paul Burkhart at right slot, Steve at right flanker, Sarah at blocker, and either Mike or Chris at blocker.  Let me know if you have objections.  Also, I am sending this to Paul Burkhart so I am assuming that he will play (P. Broderick can you confirm this?).  Steve - if you have some plays from your team that you think might work let me know.  Let me know what you think.  Hook 'Em! -Eric 
 Tonight's game has been cancelled 
 Hey  I just got your msg from friday.  I left at around three.  How was your weekend?  Did you make it to earth day?  Talk to you later. 
 I don't know the YMCA's policy on rain outs so  I will assume that we still have a game tonight.  Our game is at 7:45 tonight.  Please let me know if you will be there.   Eric 
 Thought you might find this interesting! 
 I will play if the street thug doesn't 
 It doen't matter to me. 
 I would like to sign up for the lottery for all four days.   Thanks,  Eric    Enron North America Corp. 
 look at sheet 2 
 sorry 
 FYI 
 Dale,  Ed Gottlob would like to set up a meeting with all of the necessary counterparties in order to discuss this product.  Can you find out when a good time would be?   Thanks,  Eric   Dale Neuner   03/28/2000 10:56 AM 
 Dale,  Have you heard anything more on the 5 X 24s?  We would like to get this product out ASAP.   Thanks,  Eric 
 no, we are fine 
 FYI 
 Our first flag football game is tonight! Are you in? 
 Please try to make it tonight by 7:45 to go over some things. 
 The game is at 8:45 at the Post Oak YMCA.  The Post Oak YMCA is outside the loop at the corner of San Felipe and Augusta.  We have eight as of now, so make sure and let me know if you can't make it for any reason. 
 We have seven as of now.  If you want to play, you will play the whole game.  Let me know. 
 here is a template for some plays - it might be helpful to have a list of plays to show during the game 
 Will you be able to make it to the game tonight?  It is at 8:45 at the Post Oak YMCA.  Let me know.   Eric 
 The game is at 8:45 on Monday@ the Post Oak YMCA.  Let me know if you can make it. 
 Our first game of the new season will be Monday night.  I do not have the time yet, but will let you know.  Please let me know if you are still interested in playing and whether you will be available Monday or not.   Thanks,  Eric 
 last again... 
 Hey Lisa,  Long time no hear!  I guess you are too cool for all of us little people now.  Brenda is looking for someone to fill Bryan Hull's spot in risk when he leaves.  I know that you are looking for a rotation, so I was wondering if you have an interest.  Let me know.   Eric 
 Yea.  I will be there.  What time again? 
 i'm getting really freaking tired of being last on your e-mail lists! 
 What the fuck is up with that? 
 aren't we presumptious.  of course i want to see you tonight.  but i have to work out before coming over!  what are you making me for dinner?  and do you want me to bring over a movie?  and, by the way, you have my permission to go to your little crawfish boil on sat. e 
 Have you heard anything on the sitara issues?  Thanks,   Eric 
 Dan,  Sorry to keep bothering you, but does what we talked about earlier pertain to EOL trades as well given the language in those contracts, i.e. requiring outside parties to honor contracts if they claim "force majeure"?   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 i don't know any of those people either    Enron Capital Management 
 Luis,  I haven't heard when the season is supposed to start, but it should be in early April.  So, I will try to schedule a practice.  Let me know when you are back.  Eric 
 i will go if you want me to - does that sound familiar? 
 do you want me to go? 
 Dolores,  I have signed up for the CFA exam in June.  Who do I need to talk to to get a reimbursement?   Thanks,  Eric 
 what sounds good. next week or thurs? 
 I'm sorry, I forgot that you were clairvoyant.  I don't think you can make a case that you were smart for betting me without the points.  That's like me saying that Enron's stock is trading at 70 why don't I buy it for 80 b/c I am confident that it is going to 90.  That's real smart.  No wonder EES loses money!    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sorry about the headache.  I hear that slamming your head against the wall is good for getting rid of migraines.  Oh wait that's what I do at work to help me think about something other than losing lots of money - never mind.  Thurs is probably best then - if not then maybe next week. e 
 i  have his marathon pictures up as wallpaper on my computer.  he is so sexy with his shirt off.  did you have a good weekend?  do you still want to get togehter after work sometime this week?  lemme know 
 how was the well this weekend?    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI.  There might be some back office issues with this. 
 what is ramiro's last name? 
 Everything is working.  Thanks for the help.   Eric 
 Market deals are only captured in accrual value calculations if they are in the wellhead portfolio.  I do not recall any sales currently in the wellhead portfolio.  However, I do not see a problem with the market deals unless they were marked improperly (e.g. accrual adders).  -EB    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here is my bracket.  I will bring the money down around 10:30. 
 When is graduation?  And, of course I will show up.  Although, if I recall, you didn't show up for mine! You can send the announcement to 2512 Milam St. #5216, 77006. I haven't heard of the advertising firm.  What kind of projects do they work on?   I am going to Earth Day. Are you?  Are you bringing Rebecca again this year? We will probably go out to Kenneally's, Griff's or Birraporetti's for St. Patty's day.  What about you?  e 
 Things are going well here.  I have been pretty busy losing lots of money at work. Brian and Hector are going to Europe at the end of the month, but I can't go because of work.  It doesn't bother me that much though.   I will probably try to take a trip over there in May.  On top of that I am thinking about a cruise this summer some time. Brian and I are actually moving this weekend to a new apartment within the Park at Midtown.  Brian recently got his bike stolen from the balcony, so we are going to move to an interior apartment.  Of course, I wouldn't expect you to relate to any of this because you have never seen my apartment.  Oh well, I guess you have your priorities.  Other than that, not a whole lot going on.  How are things with you and the fam?  e 
 Phil,  Can you provide me with the most recent Entex Deferral Balance?   Thanks 
 I don't know about meter 4486, but the other three are good.  In addition, meter 5792 is another meter that is serviced in the Lufkin-Diboll area.    Enron North America Corp. 
 lets make it worthwhile - how about $500?    Enron North America Corp. 
 asshole    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tim is once again proving how hard work is over there at EES.  Keep holding the stock price back. I am, however, impressed that you were still at work at 3:50 though.  By the way, I am taking bets from all comers.  So, put your money where your mouth is!  Hook 'em      Enron North America Corp. 
 Check out the outlook.  "A couple of  wins" means a sweet 16 berth. Doesn't look good for LSU!   http://www.finalfour.net/stats/bko/bkc/mentexascapsule.html 
 BRUTAL!    Enron North America Corp. 
 i don't think so 
 can't make it 
 what - you can't tell me this over the phone - so you have to write a chicken shit e-mail. what's that about? 
 kentucky is #2    Enron North America Corp. 
 no - i'm looking fwd to you shacking tonight 
 looks like i'm going to have to drink a lot on your date tonight.  i do have something to look fwd to - that is another longhorn victory tonight.  HOOK 'EM e 
 The world is treating me ok.  It's just that I can't stop losing money.  It hasn't been a very good start to my trading life.  What is going on in your world?  I hope to make it out to the house sometime soon.  Love, Eric 
 713-628-3104  - why? 
 brutal! 
 I guess that feeling is similar to the one you get whenever you are around me.  You just don't know what to say. 
 we won both games, of course.  i was 3-6 with a double off the fence - and you missed it!  One guy on our team hit a home run in back-back at bats. 
 tell your roommate to shut her big mouth! 
 i can probably get together around 4:30 ish    Enron North America Corp. 
 thats it 
 Hey Brett,  Not too much going on in H-town.  I just recently started trading Natural Gas Futures.  I have had three heart attacks, a stroke, and have bitten off all of my fingers in a week.  Other than that things are going pretty well.  I should be in town for easter, so if you want to get together, lemme know.  How is artillery school going?  out 
 -.0125    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tom can you copy this e-mail and forward to Toorey Moorer.   Toorey,  Can you please change the book mapping of Cary Metz's EOL ID to GD-Texas?   Thanks 
 Did you get this? 
 is anybody going to show up? 
 I have been to see brooks & dunn, jo dee messina, and ahem rod stewart.  i am going to steve miller and kenny rogers.  i am actually too cool to hang out with brian now - just don't tell him i said that.   i don't know about earth day yet but i suspect that i will go b/c goo goo dolls are playing. 
 Hey,  work is going great.  i am trading now - wooohoooo!.  I am really enjoying the new position.  a lot more responsibility. i am going to the rodeo tonight and tomorrow , so that should be fun.  that will bring the grand total to 5.  how are things going with you and the fam? 
 Costilla 
 Do you hear that?  ... the smallest violin in the world is playing tune.  see ya tonite 
 no, but your best friend, ami, will 
 probably, but talk to the guys down there 
 What, am I last on your list?  We'll have to remedy that situation real quick - it could be a dealbreaker! 
 Can you set up a meeting? 
 Here is the completed form.  Is it possible to have this set up by tomorrow?  Thanks,  Eric     Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey Tobin,  I need to set up a new firm book for gas.  Can you please send me the required documentation?   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 Damn it all to hell!  What are you doing with my inheritance?  We enjoyed the dinner as well.  We are available whenever you would like to join us.  We should do it at least bi-weekly. Work is good - I have had a pretty good month thus far (knock on wood).  How are things going with you?  Your loving son, -e 
 Do I have a Login ID and Password?  Thanks. 
 shut the fuck up!    Enron North America Corp. 
 i'll give you a call after trading 
 no bitch - you don't keep in touch with me either.  I actually have been pretty busy with the new job.  I have a friend in IT here who said that they are looking for 200 people to fill slots.   It's a hot job market over here.  How's compaq doing? 
 Hook 'em! 
 the concert will not start until 9:00 - i would say go get something to eat around 7:30-8 and then go to the concert 
 are you getting a little attitude with me - you better watch your step! 
 that could be a dealbreaker! 
 i can but have never done it before 
 backing him up on what - bryan will be in, correct? 
 Here is the info on the tourney.  We are one person short and could really= =20 use your help.  Please try to let me know ASAP whether you can play so I ca= n=20 explore other alternatives.  Thanks,   Eric x3-0977 
 It lasts until I become sweet or you admit that you were the aggressor when we met - whichever comes first.(ha!) 
 Remember - No Kisses! 
 I still don't have any info on the schedule, but I do need to collect dues for the upcoming season. Dues are $5 and that includes a jersey and cost of the league.  Let me know if you are still in for the season.   Eric 
 Hey Danny,  I will get the dues to you sometime this week. The extra guy is welcome to play on our team.  Keep me posted on Uni's and schedule.    Thanks, Eric 
 you might want to save yourself the agony of having to listen to me sing! 
 you mean you don't want me to sing it anyway? 
 If you want me to take care of her, let me know.  I'm not scared of her either! 
 What are you talking about?  You sent me some gay e-mail with a hyperlink.  I never read those.  What's up with you?  I have been really busy with my new job but I cna't complain.  I am really enjoying work again. 
 Per my message, here is the info on those mappings  Meter #        Current Trade Zone       Current Curve Mapping      New Trade Zone      New Curve Mapping  1009            14            IF-THOMPSONVILLE           11 IF-CORPUS 1175             5   IF-AGUA DULCE           11 IF-CORPUS    Please change both Intramonth and Mid Mkt mappings.  Thanks,   Eric  3-0977 
 here is what started it 
 beef and bird is on wilcrest - right? 
 i thought you might enjoy this! 
 Don't get testy. I wasn't trying to get you upset.  I thought we were having a normal conversation.  It just didn't seem like you were talking as much as usual. 
 I'm fine. I think you read too much into me. Besides, I'm just trying to find the best way to deal with your attitude! (ha! ha!)  e 
 Nothing much over here. Just trying to make a living 
 3139a - i think people are going to woody's 
 Today at 3:30 - 4? 
 thats fine - just let me know when.  Afternoons, 1-2 and after 3 are better for me. 
 She's probably fucking wrong! 
 Could you please take a look at this and coordinate with Joanie to fix?  Thanks,  Eric 
 Faith,  Attached is information regarding the Texas Desk as it relates to the current Texas market, EOL performance metrics, and Post HPL Action Plan.  Please do not hesitate to call with questions.   Thanks,   Eric x3-0977 
 I just wanted to RSVP for the Chinese Archaeology Exhibit on March 1.   Thanks,  Eric 
 Howard,  Per our conversation, these are the meters that I need historical flow information on.  Info for 2 years back would be helpful.   #1008 #1007 #1358 #1009 #1175   Thanks,   Eric x3-0977 
 I can't make this meeting today - bid week! 
 i can't make the 9 o'clock game 
 I forgot my password to the statistical database.  Who should I contact to find this info.?  Thanks,   Eric 3-0977 
 position impact? 
 Can you take a look at these deals this morning? 
 things are going fantastic.  i am now knee deap in my new job and i am really enjoying it.  i have a lot to do.  this is a good feeling after being bored for the last 3 months. 
 Attached is the Powerpoint with updated data.  Please review and make any final changes.    Thanks,  Eric 
 Hey, what's up?  Are you having a good week? 
 You will probably have to reschedule this because Pre-Bid meeting is the same bat time. 
 Here is the revised version. 
 Janet,  Here is the model.  I have added unit costs.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  I still need to get the delivery locations for the CSW deal.   Thanks,   Eric 
 Then, just order for 3.  Bryan Hull, Dave Baumbach, and I will attend.  Thanks,  Eric 
 fyi 
 done 
 This is strictly for the Intramonth P&L, correct? 
 i see east carolina but i don't see teetee; it doesn't bode well for the gallery furniture bowl 
 No! Don't leave us 
 Got any good stock picks?  I will probably be able to make valentine's day.  -e 
 i didn't go either - today is legs and lower abs.  i'll probably go after work if i can. 
 that's good news about the location. i'll have to come visit you.  how is artillery school going? have you gotten to blow shit up yet?  later 
 Effective date of your current rotation           8/24/98 Current business unit name                                ENA Company number or GL                                      413 RC# or CC#          1638 Supervisor name         Brenda Herod Supervisor's Assistant's name                         Yvette Connevey Assistant's Phone        35953 
 It only takes about 10 minutes to get to highland village from here.  I can go anytime between 11-1ish. Not too much exciting going on here.  I did start somewhat of a new position today - expanded responsibilities.  I went up to the trading floor this morning.  I will be doing half days from now on.  e 
 i'm ready.  we could try to do it over president's day at the earliest or the last weekend in feb. who is going?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Someone I know just put in a bid on priceline for a long weekend in colorado and got tickets for $185 RT.  If we get enough people together and everyone is flexible we could use priceline.  -e 
 http://houston.citysearch.com/E/V/HOUTX/0016/77/18/cs1.html  This place looks kind of fun for friday night - although it is out in the katy mills 
 Here is some info on steamboat.  I haven't checked affair yet.  The Sunburst cono looks reasonable! 
 Michael is a happily married man.  He would never think about any other girl but Sheila - or so he tells me.  Now, I, on the other hand.  Uhhhhh .... wait, never mind!  I am free pretty much every day for lunch this week, I won't know until later in the week about next week. 
 Here is the info. 
 I hope you were only thinking good things! I had a pretty good weekend.  I got to see my extended family in Fairfield. Did you ever meet my cousin Chuck and his wife Shelley?  They have the cutest kids (Becca and Cullen).  So, I spent a lot of time with them.  I had fun at your birthday party!  When do I get to take you to PF's for lunch? 
 did you have a good birthday weekend? 
 Could you please add Kyle Etter and Victor Guggenheim to all future social club events?   Thanks,  Eric 
 Hey Danny,  Here is a prospective roster for Flag Football.  All are Enron employees.   Eric Bass Brian Hoskins Tim Blanchard Matt Lenhart Luis Mena Jeff Gossett Ken Shulklapper Amir Ahanchian Nick Hiemstra  Can you tell us what night the games will be on?  When do you need the due?   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 whatever, are you saying that my evite skills aren't up to par? i am planning on going sunday. what time?  i think michael is coming with me.  everything else is good, i got my year-end review and compensation stuff.  how about you and the fam? 
 i had a really fun weekend.  we went to chuy's and gallant knight on friday, a work party and black swan on saturday, and had the super bowl party on sunday.  about 20-25 people showed up to the party, so it was a fairly big success. of course, you didn't show up so it wasn't as successful as it could have been.  how was yours? 
 $1 bid for watson - rb stl 
 Imelda,  Could you please re-map HPL meter #0073 to the IF-HPL/Shpchan mid market curve.  Please keep all other mappings for this zone and point the same.   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 i live downtown - so it would probably be quicker if i mailed it 
 check out www.hlsr.com see what you want to see 
 check the website and see who you want to see.  www.hlsr.com 
 no gravy - ice wants to go to a day show though.  maybe robert earl keen    Enron North America Corp. 
 Do we want to go to any of the rodeo concerts? 
 No news on Dec yet but Nov's number for Tom is $(1,700,000). 
 what is your address?  I will send what I have collected!  Eric 
 Carrie Jean Southard  713-853-5472  EB2644K  csoutha@ect.enron.com 
 Here is the updated economic exposure based on final volumetric numbers for Jan.  Tom's number is $(2,250,000).    Call with questions.  Eric 
 in 
 I need to know who of you is interested in playing in a flag football league starting in March.  This is a reunion tour of our glorious victory in the Enron tournament.  -Eric 
 thanks for showing up to the party on sunday.  your new name backout ballases! 
 You may notice that 9911 PMA's are $(208,881) or approx 10% to the final P&L.  You will also notice that the detail following the majority of the adjustments is Unaccounted For Gas.  At the close of business for the 991 P&L, we saw a gain of approx. $250,000 because of a blowout in UA4.  We thought that it would be prudent to top level this amount and use it to offset the PMA's we would take as a result of this UA4 blowout.  Therefore, the net impact of 9911 PMA's is $41,119 or 2% of last day P&L.  I just wanted to congratulate the team on a great P&L for the month of November.  -Eric 
 Is Hill available for trade?  Let me know what on my team interests you.  -Eric 
 10 
 Could you please schedule a meeting for Wednesday, Thurs, or Friday with the usual parties?  Thanks,  Eric 
 where is she going? 
 I think we are staying in tonight.  I don't know of any big plans. 
 -  http://www.rsn.com/pages/include/cams/campic.html?rsn_resort=telluride 
 June-August were incorrect in Sitara.  I have made the necessary adjustments.  Stephanie will have to reissue payments.  By my calculations, Cabot owes HPL $16,050. See Below  Month  Volume/d Rate was Rate Should Be   Economics 6/99    5000     $2.09      $2.20      $ (16,500)     This Should be Sharp's expense as this was pre-merger. 7/99    5000     $2.14      $2.20      $ (9,300)        This Should be the desk's 8/99           5000     $2.47      $2.20      $ 41,850         This Should be the desk's $ 16,050     Enron North America Corp. 
 did you get the invite to the super bowl party? 
 count me in    Enron North America Corp. 
 It looks like facility charges are covered 1/2000 forward by the individual deals.  Mick does not think there are any other outstanding issues for transport as a methodology has been established and agreed upon for 1/2000 forward.      Enron North America Corp. 
 I show five fixed for float swaps done for September Production.  The deal numbers and prices follow:  Deal #                 Vol         Swap Px           Resulting Customer Px ES5823.20        5,000/d        $2.21                          $2.10 ES5823.21        5,000/d        $2.21                          $2.10 ES5823.30        10,000/d      $2.7475                     $2.5975 EW2883.1         10,000/d       $2.265                       $2.155 EW5406.1          5,000/d       $2.35 $2.15   Let me know if this clears everything up.  Eric x3-0977    Enron North America Corp. 
 sorry can't make it! you are coming to the super bowl party, right? 
 should we tell all interested parties? 
 shes pretty sexy, huh?  are we getting together to talk europe tonoght? 
 i copied your idea - and it screwed up your name! 
 Yea, thanks for reminding me about your b-day, I nearly forgot (ha ha ha)!  I don't know if I should come to the big birthday bash b/c it is in a shady area.  What do you think?  -e 
 Hey Kyle,  Attahed is an updated version of the Entex model.   -Eric 
 Attached is a listing of unresolved Issues between Tom and Greg Sharp.  I have not included the facility charges - do you want me to add those?  Please feel free to add on to my list anything that I have left off.   -Eric 
 We have actually already called Springer to get on his "Surprise, I'm dating your brother" episode.  It's a pretty good deal b/c you get an all expense paid trip to Chicago for the weekend.  I am actually a multimillionare now - I'm thinking about buying that new car.  Do you want one? There is not much going on this weekend on my end - I will probably take it easy.  And you?  Let me guess - you are going to try and stop by my place (that will happen)? 
 He's doing ok.  He doesn't really like his job too much.  He is going to wait it out another month to see if a new position comes available.  If not, he is applying with dell and gateway for positions in Austin and Colorado.  I think he took a liking to one of my girl friends from work last night so I am waiting to hear about that.  By the way, have you seen Enron's stock the last two days.  It has gone from 53 to 72.  It 's good to work for the big E!  the big E 
 No news on Dec yet but Nov exposure is around ($1.6 mm). Eric 
 I had a really fun time.  There were probably about 10 people from work there and my bro.  We stayed out until about 1:30 and then went home.  I'm going to start calling you "backout" if you don't shape up. 
 http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/football/college/2000/bowl_projections/  just wanted to let you know that lsu is still projected to go to the sharpie bowl! 
 I'm feeling fantastic considering I slept till 8:30 this morning.  Where were you last night? 
 what time?    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will be attending the lunch.  -Eric x3-0977 
 Yes, but I would say that the $200,000/mo during the winter is related to an HPL discount on Transport given to the marketing desk in order to make the deal more economical.      Enron North America Corp. 
 Your list of items is correct.  However, the entex related transport shows up on the P&L and the GL via transport expense from Tom to Ed.  This number is manually booked to the GL each month by Phillip.  Therefore, this revenue shows up en masse with all of the marketing desk's expense.  Eric    Enron North America Corp. 
 I'm old now, but i can always find solace in the fact that you are older!  I don't know yet if I am going to go out tonight, but if I do we'll probably go to Woody's on Richmond - it used to be the velvet Elvis -e 
 No problem.    Enron North America Corp. 
 done    Enron North America Corp. 
 The league is complete.  Please check your fees on the website and send me a check for what you owe.  Here are the final standings and payouts (based on what I have collected):  1) The Wranglers - $281 2) Rounders -           $108 3) PLOVE -                $43 $432  The amounts above will change as people pay their fees.  My address is 2512 Milam St. #5216 Houston, TX 77006  If you won $ please give me your address and I will send you a check!  Thanks,  The Commish 
 direct, are we? 
 You hated that e-mail didn't you?  Miss Sarcasm!  e 
 am i not good enough to be number one in your heart and in public?  are you ashamed of me? i'll be there tomorrow night, but only if you'll be there too.  e    Enron North America Corp. 
 I though I was #1.     Enron North America Corp. 
 The new pub code is in ERMS.  The name is GDP - HH + 2AFTA.  -Eric 
 did she get divorced yet? 
 I left you a msg, but here is the info.  STT - map like HPL Zone #1 - Thompsonville HCO - map like HPL Zone #5 - Edna (Agua Dulce Curves)  Call with questions. x3-0977 
 A guy at work is thinking about upgrading his home speakers.  He really likes a set already and wants to buy them, but they require a high powered amp. His question is does the quality of the amp make that big of a difference assuming equivalent power levels?  i.e for a given level of power how much does the quality of the high end amp matter?  Thanks 
 Thanks for your help.  There really are no material changes for Texas.  The only issue that I see is the month to month change in volumes between December and November 99.  This was due primarily to slightly cooler temperatures (Entex takes were slightly higher) and an extra day of flow (31 vs. 30).  Let me know if you have further questions.   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 I do not see the link to "Statistical Database".  Do I need to request acce= ss? 
 Do you have any information on pipeline capacities?  That would be very helpful for my analysis.  Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 we had a great time at the swan.  we went to eat with about 15 people from enron and made our way to the swan at around 11:30.  it sounds like you had a pretty laid back saturday, that's good to have occassionaly.  I have you jacket in my car, so let me know what you want to do about that.  talk to you later, e 
 Hey, Sorry to hear about mike's Dad.  I hope he is handling it ok.  I'm guessing your weekend wasn't very fun. We had a great time at the black swan, maybe you can come next time!  Let me know when you want to come by.(if ever, ha!)  later 
 In Rice Village.  Take a left off of Kirby onto University.  It is on the Second Floor on the Left side ( Across from Mi Luna). 
 Is anybody up for going to Two Rows tonight?  I promise I won't get AS drunk tonight.  We'll be there around 8:00.  Be there or be SQUARE!.  Eric 
 SIPPING VODKA A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak. After mass he asked the monsignor how he had done. The monsignor replied, "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit, I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass.  If I start to get nervous, I take a sip." So next Sunday he took the monsignor's advice. At the beginning of the sermon, he got nervous and took a drink.  He proceeded to talk up a storm. Upon his return to his office after mass, he found the following note on the door:  1.  Sip the Vodka, don't gulp. 2.  There are 10 commandments, not 12. 3.  There are 12 disciples, not 10. 4.  Jesus was consecrated, not constipated. 5.  Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass. 6.  We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J. C. 7.  The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not referred to as daddy, junior, and the spook. 8.  David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him. 9.  When David was hit by a rock and knocked off his donkey, don't say he was stoned off his ass. 10. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T." 11. When Jesus broke the bread at the Last Supper he said,"Take this and eat it for it is my body."  He did not say, Eat me" 12.  The Virgin Mary is not called "Mary with the Cherry," 13.  The recommended grace before a meal is not: Rub-A-Dub-Dub thanks for the grub, yeah God. 14.  Next Sunday there will be a taffy pulling contest at St.Peter's, not a peter pulling contest at St.Taffy's.   The origination of this letter is unknown, but it brings good luck to everyone who passes it on.  The one who breaks the chain will have bad luck. Do not keep this letter.  Do not send money. Just forward it to five of your friends to whom you wish good luck.  You will  see that something good happens to you four days from now if the chain is not broken.  "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone..." - Bill Cosby...  _________________________________________________________________________ Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com.  Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at http://profiles.msn.com. 
 ST- Trading (Martin)                 $26,045,166 Storage (Schwieger)                   $8,566,895 Transport (Gottlob)                      $19,858,000 Firm Trading (McClendon)       $(1,884,668) Gas Daily                                       $(522,922) 
 That sounds lika an awesome system.  My bro works for compaq and was pretty impressed with the hardware.  Hope it didn't set you back too much. I 'd like to get together with you when you come in.  Let me know when you are coming and I would like my boots.  My info is:  Work # (713)853-00977 Home #(713)526-8304 Cell #(713)213-1996 Address: 2512 Milam St #5216 Houston, TX 77006   Let me know.  eric 
 Thanks 
 Can you map this the same as HPL Zone#9 - Freeport?  Thanks,  Eric 3-0977 
 I just wanted to let you know that I am now number 1.  Thanks Lisa    Enron North America Corp. 
 Can we set this up for next Tuesday morning?  Thanks,  Eric 
 that's BULLSHIT!  I'm not coming tomorrow night!    Enron North America Corp. 
 I see!! It's no longer worth!  Besides, I had the last laugh when you had your cosmopolitan last night!  e    Enron North America Corp. 
 i'm in - who should we invite? 
