 of the reports on the FERC requirements on the California Marketing reports on Transwestern's pipe.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I had vacation December 6 and December 10 and planning on the 14th, depending on how Thursday goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:  MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147) IES - 87 stations Interstate Power - 6 stations Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations  In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send us updates on the following information ASAP:  1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.  2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding  3.  Provide status of November chart information.  Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices. As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.  We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, who would be two consistent people on each team to cover, Thursday, Friday, Monday and Tuesday? Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can we do this same report for November.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Menu for people working Christmas.   Honey smoked Turkey Scalloped Potatoes (Steve) Green Bean Casserole (Lynn) Fruit Salad - (Lynn) Vegetable Tray	(Randall's) Bread (Randall's) Pie 
 Mike, what projects do we have going on in the Business Objects report?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, FYI.  Just wanted to pass this on to you.  Also we will put you on the list so each month you will know how much we are billing or if we are billing at all.  Hope this helps.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Dan, here is the latest list.  I just sent it to you since Randy and LD = already have it.  We have =09a call into John Stern about the columns and which ones to use (you prob= ably already know the =09answer to that).  Thanks Lynn 
 =09John, I am not as smart as you are.  I did not know the Hexanes are C6+.= Thanks for the education. =09Lynn 
 Donna, in talking with Larry Stuard, he can give us a demonstration on the new blackberry devices if Jean does not have time.  Just thought I would throw that out there if there is an interest.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI - The column "Hexanes" is the C6+ column to review.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Would all of you be available to meet in my office tomorrow (Thursday) at 9:00 a.m. to talk about the morning report for storage that we do each day.  I would appreciate your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I apologize, but I need to reschedule this meeting for next Monday morning at 9:00.  Does that work for you guys?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do you know what this is about?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerry, Penny, Steve and Gary, we can meet in my office to dial into the conference call if you like.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, sorry I am so late in sending this back.  Looks great to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerry, Penny, Steve and John, you can use my office to make the call.  I will be out this afternoon but John Buchanan will sit in for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry and Gary, is this shortage helping the existing imbalance?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jodie, FYI.  You need to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, attached is the first draft for the plan to talk with the reps for all three pipes on Wednesday. This will be a two phase approach.  We (Sheila, Fran and I) will talk with the teams on Wednesday reviewing a high level plan.  Then we will put the teams into groups to talk about 5 topics we picked from the NNG meeting. Then we will follow up with Donna to develop a training plan.  Fran and I are meeting again tomorrow (Tuesday) at 3:30 if you want to join us or have comments.     Thanks. Lynn 
  Transco/Williams says the $700,000 they owe NNG has been processed and should be wired by Tuesday.  We will let you know if anything changes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can you followup with Joe to be sure all the basis are covered.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry, I am fine with working off the imbalance because I think it is helping Gary and Steve, but I want to be sure it does not go the other way.  Please watch and let me know when we net to zero (0).  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sherry does it matter that 12/23 is on a Sunday?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  We are in the process of determining who will be the auditors in the future since that is a requirement in a regulated environment.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, thanks for your quick reply.  Lynn 
  John and Terry, can you work with the teams to get Shelley's name off of the daily update list.  She is trying to minimize emails she gets on her blackberry.  If you can think of any other lists, let me know. (What about the Bushton info, is she on that list?)  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thanks for the update.  Please let me know when you have info on the other information and the status of November.  I appreciate all your help. Lynn 
  Terry, if you get this message in Steve's staff meeting, please tell him Rick has the list of Capacity release and Agency agreements with ENA that make up the $553,000 Nov. invoice.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Joe, I believe you were on comp day for commodity close.  Was there something you had planned and not able to be here for close?  Since you are becoming very critical to accuracy of invoices sent out with your added duties, I was concerned that you were not hear?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to let you know, Shelley is trying to minimize emails she gets to preserve space on her Blackberry.  But wanted to keep you in the loop in case you needed to send her something.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sounds good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
   Attached is the outline used for Stan's meeting this morning.  You can just update information as it is your turn to attend his staff meeting.  Stan will NOT have a staff meeting next week, December 24th.     If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Chris, I only got info on the Mid Am Oct. charts.  I talked to Gary again yesterday and ask for more information.  Hopefully I'll have something today.  Have you already sent your letter to Alliant?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Great job.  Thank you for staying with this.  I know you guys are up to the challenge to keep it at zero (0) to the end of the month.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Erin, thank you very much for your assistance in this effort.  We appreciate your quick turnaround.  Thanks. Lynn  Lynn Blair Northern Natural Gas Co. Gas Logistics Phone: 	(713) 853-7637. Fax:	(713) 646-8000 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I don't have any vacation planned.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jean, I believe you were out of the office on commodity close.  Who was reviewing the stack of reports on your desk?  Did we properly have the bases covered with you out?  Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can you follow up on the Flowing gas reports.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thanks for the update.  Please keep us posted as we complete the PPA's.  I appreciate your help on this effort.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Are you up to speed on this?  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Chris, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sue, we have looked at an automated way to take care of this issue.  So far we have not found an exceptable change.   It is a timing issue with true ups from the previous day which are not completed before the current day calcuations are done.  It is an item we are manually monitoring today, but we are continuing to look for a better method. Thanks.  Lynn 
 Mike, enjoyed the visit in Omaha.  See you in January.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Lou, Gas Logistics (Shelley Corman's Group) performs the following services. Where do these fall in your list of services in the Service Agreement? Transportation Contract Services Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling Services Gas Accounting (Billing of Transport) Commercial Support of Systems (working with the IT group) Gas Control (this was included in your list) If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn (Ext. 3-7637) 
 Vernon, the way the accounting system works today:  Dec. 1 - 20 flow will be attributed  to the contract that nominated at that point for the 21 through 31.  This automaticall happens if there is no OBA at the point and if there is only one contract nominated at the point.  If we do not want that to happen, we need to discuss our options. Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, I would like to give all four tickets to Cynthia for this round since you will be spending time with Duke next week at the Winter Ops meeting. Will catch you on the next round. Cynthia come by and get the tickets.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debra, I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation. Did we have the proper coverage to get CMS allocated volumes in GVA reviewed as we needed.  Just wanted to follow up.  I would be glad to visit with you about this if we need.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  We finally found the right person in the KN Energy organization for the 18 dth Carlton Obligation.  KN will nominate today for Gas Day 26th going forward.  We told KN that they will have a penalty of $25.00 per dth for each day they did not nominate.  18 dth x 25.00 = $450/day x 3 days = $1350.  We also told them we have been leaving messages since Saturday.  We left messages at 3 different offices.  KN admitted to seeing the posting but "did not understand" the obligation and they did not call for clarification.  If you have any questions, please let John (Ext. 7429) or I (Ext. 7637) know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Rick, here is Jodie's Mid Year review.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dari, looks good to me.  Harry, do you have any comments?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
  Team, I would like for you to review the attached Shipper assignment list.  With Renee leaving and Pat still on a learning curve, I wanted to throw out some possibilities and get your input.  I did not spend a lot of time on interconnects, so you may want to look at those closely.  I did talk with John, Terry, Raetta and Larry for input.  Please review, discuss and set up some time to visit with me about your comments.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, what is the status of these todo's?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry and I agree.  The 567,546.5 is the same number we came up with.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, thank you for the update.  Sheila, just an FYI to keep you in the loop on working from home issues.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Karen and Shirley, great update message.  Thanks for being proactive and putting this out for us.  Lynn 
 I'll call Dari and have her put the rounded number in.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Rick, I am changing my mind again on the SGA conference (typical woman) Call me.  Lynn (713) 853-7637 
  Here is Cynthia's Mid year.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, MaryLou does NOT get differential pay.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, that will be fine.  Let's be sure we get the SGA squared away today. I have a doctor's appointment this morning.  I will be back by 10:30.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I want to remind everyone when NNG calls on the Carlton Resolution, we can NOT allow ANY deliveries at Carlton.  At each cycle, please be sure you monitor any deliveries at Carlton and let Steve, Gary or Darrell know if you see any nominations.  At that point Carlton Deliveries should be allocated to zero (0).  If you have any questions, or we need to discuss further, please let me know. Thanks. Lynn 
  Stan and Danny, here is a recap of activities in Gas Logistics this last week including Gas Control activity.  I will send you an update again on Wednesday (Jan. 2).  Have a great weekend.     Please give me call if you have any questions.  (Ext. 7637) Thanks. Lynn 
 Good job of staying with this.  Thanks for all your help.  Lynn 
  John, attached is Chris' review.  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 In talking with Fran we need to have Written Reviews to HR by COB January 2, 2002.  The reviews do not need to be signed by either party.  We can start communicating reviews to the employees at any time.  But there should be no discussion on bonus or merit until they are finalized on or around January 18.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, thanks for the note.   Please give me a call and let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Meoldy and Chris, thank you for your help on this matter.  It was very important to us to have Outlook until 11:00 p.m.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, Dari said she would make the letter 8,625.  Thanks. Lynn 
  John and Terry, could you check into having a Business Objects report done for all groupings with the following information.   Previous Cyclce Nomination	Current Nomination	Confirmation	Schedule  Confirmation piece is not critical if that prolongs getting the report.  The reason for the report  - Gas Control needs to know what changes have taken place and this will prevent the teams from doing a manual report.  If we already have access to something similar to this, let me know.  I would like to be able run this report during cycle.  (I think I am probably asking for the moon), but that would be the best time for Gas Control.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, FYI.  I am concerned about the expectation from Marketing vs. what we can accomplish before January 1.  Are you OK with the way all the emails are going back and forth? Would you have some time this morning to discuss?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please restore the below referenced file as requested.  If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-7637. 
 FYI.  thanks. Lynn 
  Delaine Kurth with Oneok called today and wanted an OBA at the (Skellytown) Cargray Plant (POI 8442) effective 1/1/2002.  After talking with Vernon, I told her that we would draft an OBA on Wednesday with Month to Month cash out language in it.  She said to send her the contract and she will run the traps.  She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement. I told her if we could come to agreement we would make it effective 1/1/2002.  If we could not come to agreement, we would continue the same methodology as we have today, which is Oneok picks one of the transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances.  Karen, per our conversation, please draft an OBA to send to Oneok.  If anyone has any other thoughts or comments on preparing this OBA, please let Karen or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Just a reminder, we are planning a TW Imbalance meeting on Thursday, January 3, 2002 in 42C2 at 8:30, right after the NNG/TW morning meeting.  Richard will bring updated reports for us to review.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve and Shelley, I thought you both would be interested in seeing the attached.  This document came out of the meeting yesterday on Bushton.  Thanks. Lynn 
  After further investigation here are the facts as of today (Monday) on the UCU SBA issue:  1.  UCU nominated 20,000 dth on their SBA contract  2.  UCU reduced there Carlton transportation by 10,000 dth  3.  Kathy is checking all of UCU's contracts to see if overall they:  a.  Reduced deliveries b.  Increased Receipts elsewhere to make up for the Carlton reduction  We will have an answer by the morning meeting on Wednesday.  Have a great New Years Eve and be careful.  Thanks. Lynn 
 After talking with Robert, we have an Accounts Receivable issue with Oneok for approx. $99,000. Rick and Robert have tried to resolve this issue with Oneok, Kinder Morgan and NNG.  We might want to consider that this has to be resolved before we agree to an OBA at the point. 
 Ava please print and give to steve to briing to omaha.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Just to let you know what Border sent out.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I want to thank all of you for your efforts yesterday to help our customers get their business taken care of on the Enron pipes.  It looks like we will be in the same mode of operation at least through this morning.  Please make every effort to contact your customers and let them know they can get into Hottap through URL:  www.hottap.enroncorp.com  If they are having problems accessing Hottap, give them the pertinent information they need to do their "next cycle" business (ie. schedule quantity info).  Let's be proactive and help the customers through this frustrating time.  I also appreicate everyone staying around until 6:00 last night.  It is good to work with a group that is willing to help out where possible.  Also, Toby thanks for your "hours" of work on sending out the emails to our customers to let them know what our plans were.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI 
  >>We are keeping this candle burning for all the people >>& their families who were in the planes, buildings and >>anywhere near the explosions today. May God be with them >>and help them through this terrible time. >>God Bless >> >> >>Keep The Candle Going >> >>     I asked God for water, he gave me an ocean. >>     I asked God for a flower, he gave me a garden. >>     I asked God for a tree, he gave me a forest. >>     I asked God for a friend, he gave me YOU. >> >>     "There is not enough darkness in the world to put >>     out the light of one candle." >> >>     The Candle of Love, Hope and Friendship >> >>                          () >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                       ------- >> >>     This candle was lit on the 11th of September, 2001. >>     Someone who loves you has helped keep it alive by >>     sending it to you. >> >>     Don't let The Candle Of Love, Hope and Friendship >>     die! >> >>    "A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle" 
 Ava, LA was Socal mtg. San Fran was Interconnect mtg Omaha was mtg on Bushton and SLA mtg,. Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have jury duty but John or Terry can attend for me. Thanks Lynn 
 John please send this to Shelly Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Wasn't sure if you saw this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Lynn 
 Michelle, it was so good to hear from you.  I definitely want to stay in touch.  Next time you are in Houston, please let me know and we'll get together.  I am glad you are surviving your new earrings.  They are a lot of fun once you adjust to them.  Those dangling pieces can be tricky!!.  Take care and look forward to seeing you in the future.  Lynn 
 http://home.ets.enron.com/dms/ViewReport.asp 
 Penny, if you have to do the 8th, John Buchanan will participate for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I received a call from Laura LaPera with PG&E scheduling.  She and two other schedulers will be in our office Wednesday moring, November 7th from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. to meet all of you.  Ava, would you please put a map together showing PG&E how to get from the Galleria area to the Enron Building.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, attached is the PAA form you can fill out and send to me to submit.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Rick, no problem, I think it would be good to have at least one of them = there. =09Thanks. Lynn 
 The meeting is 1:00 in 4254 (my office) on Thursday, Nov. 1.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Terry is working with Elizabeth and Ramona to pull together the information required.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please print this presentation in color for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jodie and Raetta, I am giving a presentation to Measurement to review Gas Logistic's functions and interactions with other departments.  I would like for both of you to attend this meeting if possible.  The meeting will be November 14, 2001 at 1:00 p.m.  Gary, I am assuming you are getting a room in the Three Allen Center?  Please let me know if you would like to get a room in the Enron Building.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, what about Florida?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Good point.  Thanks.  Should we tell HR that so they are straight on what each company is doing? Just a thougt.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Could we possibly make it at  2:00 on Tuesday?  That would work better for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Yes, we will reschedule Team Leader Meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sue, I think it would be very good to invite the people below.  We may want to talk about a modified version in the future for the rest of the teams.  The only other person we might invite is Mike Bodnar just because I have him as the point person with Chris on the third party storage.  If possible I definitely want to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Wanted to pass on the presentation SoCal gave at the Nov. 18th meeting in Los Angeles. If you have any questions, I would be glad to visit with you about the contents.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Toby, here is the next file to post.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, sounds like good customer relations to me. Appreciate your help on tlhis issue.  Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thought you would like to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pilar, count me in.  This meeting is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on.  If something comes up tomorrow, please don't hesitate to page me.  We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations on the TW Customer meeting.  Thanks. Lynn  1.  Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the existing requirements  2.  Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren to ensure all departments (Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics) have the same procedural understanding  3.  TW Customer Meeting - Met with Ava today and everything is in order except for you and I deciding who is presenting which topics.  4.  Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - Jodie Floyd Jodie, Mary Darveaux and Frank Semin are putting together recommendation. Steve and I are working with Jodie.  5.  Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - Mike Bodnar/Chris Greaney are working with Theresa, Reyna and Transok. Purchase for three days (Nov. 2, 3, 4) for a total of 50,000 mmbtu.  6.  EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - Mary Draemer  7.  Aberdeen allocations - Steve and I have been working with Jo Williams and North team  8.  LSP overrun issues - Mike Bodnar/Kent Miller/Tim Johanson  9.  TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb  10. SLA Settlement - Steve and I working with Steve Kirk and Mike McGowan  11. Beaver Assets Sale - Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group  12. Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux  13.  Demarc Presentation to Virginia Power - I am working with Vernon Mercaldo (11/6/01)  14. Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting  15. Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke 
  I will be out of the office tomorrow, Friday, November 2.  Remember John and Terry are both out as well.  For any scheduling issues please contact Mike Bodnar or Steve January.  Larry and Raetta will be available also. If needed, I can be reached by my pager (800-504-6138)  I will be on call this weekend.  Don't hesitate to call if you need something.  Have a great day, and I will see ya'll on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Guys, very good notes for the weekend.  Appreciate the comments. It helps alot when preparing Shelley for the Monday morning (Stan) meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
  On TW, TW allocated SoCal on the ID2 cycle for Sunday's gas day, due to SoCal non performance. We cut about 27,000 mmbtu.  The Sequel 2000 conversion on the reports went well.  Brad's team was here to help Sunday morning and I believe that made things go smoother.  There were a few isolated situations which were turned around quickly.  Otherwise it was quiet on the pipes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Please plan on attending this meeting for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I am on vacation those days, so it would probably be OK.  But before we decide, let me know who would be here to cover for you during that time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, I think we got them figured out?  I do have a questions you proabably can answer real quick Thanks for the help.  Give me a call when you have time on Monday (today).  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.  John can let us know what is going on.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pilar, I have another meeting at this time, so I will not be able to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, what is our next step?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, are you aware of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve and Audrey, here is the information on the Customer Meeting.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Martha, I would rather give the teams access to the Dashboard.  John Buchanan will be back in the office Wednesday.  You can coordinate with him and Terry Kowalke to get everyone set up.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I do not think it is necessary to have another letter to Oneok from Harry.  Hopefully they get the message with this letter.   Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debbie, here are the two slides for my presentation.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I have a conference call with Delaine at 3:15 today on Strangers Gas.  She is to give me Mike Belcher's phone number.  He is the person coordinating all the condensate issues.  If we send a letter I would send it to Terry Spencer and reference Mike Belcher. If you need more, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, after talking with Ramona, we need to change Slide 6 to say:  Invoice and Measurement statemenst added to website  Imbalance statements will not be added until next year.  I will talk about this in my presentation. Thanks. Lynn 
  Vernon, Gerry, Raetta and Steve, here are the questions and answer as I recall from the conference call today.  Please let me know of any changes or corrections and I will make them then send to Virginia Power.    Greg, here are the questions and answers that we promised you from the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.  1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?  Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount or volume lower than scheduled amount (2) RANK changed to a different number  2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out?  Answer - Tariff Sheet 267.D & E (Raetta, so you agree?)  3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation?  Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only two points in the group  4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing?  Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery IS included in a demarc allocation because the transport tied to this storage nomination is physically coming from the field to the market area. (Greg we may not have been clear on this comment on the conference call) 
  Shelley, do you still want the report Terry is doing each Monday for the TW SOCAL and West of Throeau numbers.  We started this report after switching to allocations before confirmations so we could track any possible "holes" in the pipe.  So far the new process is working well and we were thinking about discontinuing this report unless you need it for Stan's meeting?  Remember we give you the Socal Window and scheduled volumes as well as the west of thoreau scheduled volumes on the weekend notes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Alicia, thank you very much for the invite, but I will not be able to ma= ke it.  I know it =09will be fun time for everyone.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joanne, thank you very much for the invitation, but I will not be able to attend.  I know everyone will have a good time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Just a reminder.  Also, Ava, please help watch my phone during this time frame.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, I do not see any overlap.  Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Just to clarify Britt's comments.  Harry is using NNG's numbers for total imbalance.  To split the imbalance among the third party shippers, we will continue to use Oneok's allocation of actual volumes.  The variance between Oneok and NNG will go to the Oneok imbalance to tie to NNG's ultra sonic measurement.   Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, I would appreciate any comments or feedback on the attached.  I am trying to formulate my thoughts to be positive and get our message across.  Donna helped me put some info together. Now I need your thoughts.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the questions and answers that we promised you at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.  1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?  Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount or volume lower than scheduled amount (2) RANK changed to a different number  2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out?  Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E  3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation?  Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only two points in the group  4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing?  Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery IS included in a demarc allocation because the transport tied to this storage nomination is physically coming from the field to the market area. (Greg we may not have been clear on this comment on the conference call) 
 Wednesday has a lot of meetings for Gas Logistics.  How about Tuesday, November 13 at 1:00 p.m.? or Thursday, November 15, any time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thursday, 1:30 works for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Should we discuss before answering Greg?  My answers are in the blue.  I appreciate any feedback. Thanks. Lynn 
 John, FYI.  If you can attend that would be great.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, any comments you want to add?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October, 2001. If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know.  Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed before volumes go to park and ride. Thanks. Lynn 
 OK, after talking with Gerry, here is my second try at answering Greg's question trying not to get to detailed.  What do you think? 
 Let me try this answer:  A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Def. is a part of the Demarc allocation.  When we look at a storage allocation, we review all the injections (or withdrawals) at the storage point.  Don't hesitate to edit my comment.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jo, I apologize.  Your right.  The imbalances are short to the pipe.  To be sure we are all on the same page.  All the deliveries off of NNG on this report took more gas than scheduled and the receipts gave us less than scheduled.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, let's work on how we cancel things.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Greg, I answered your questions in blue.  Please let me know if you need more clarification. Thanks. Lynn 
 Really a short position not long. 
 Cara, I hope you surgery goes well.  Very good memo on keeping the team and management informed.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, let's discuss changes I need for my presentation tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry, have you seen this?  Are you familiar with the info? I have a meeting at 3:00 with Dan Fancler, Tracy and Steve Weller on the EPPI issues.  Just wondered if you have any detail on this attachment I need to understand?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Should we be talking about make up when we are allocating Belleville?  I had a question from Alliant, "You, NNG and ANR both have room to deliver gas to ANR, even though you are doing an allocation, why can't you schedule more delivery at ANR?  Wouldn't that help the system?"  I think it would be hard to explain that we are doing make up, allocating and NOT letting a shipper increase deliveries all at the same time.  What do you guys think?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Greg, following are the questions you asked and my answers.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. (713-853-7637).  1.  Number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deferred get allocated during the same cycles as Demarc?  Answer:  Yes  2.   Seems unlikely since Demarc Deferred is a storage point and storage is allocated at a different time?  Answer:  A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Deferred is a part of the Demarc allocation. When NNG looks at a storage allocation, we review all the injections (or withdrawals) at the storage point.  The two referenced allocations are done seperately, but during the same cycle.  3.  If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deferred where would our customers pull from?  Answer:  Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Deferred  4.  The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc or Demarc Deferred?  Answer:  Demarc Deferred  Hopefully this helped.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Frank, where are we on the review you were heading up after our conference call with Dave and Measurement?  Looks like more and more customers are questioning our numbers. If there is anything we can do to help you out, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, I am covered as long as you or Jodie are attending.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, let me know what kind of feed back you get.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Audrey, put me on the list.  I plan on attending.  Thanks for the invite.  Lynn 
 Lori, please coordinate any testing for the Customer teams for NNG and TW with Mike Bodnar. Thanks. Lynn 
 fyi.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shirley, I have forwarded your message to John.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you guys might be interested in this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Frank, thank you for the update.  I would like to attend this meeting.  Also I added Jodie and Steve on here, because they are very interested in the discussion as well.  I hope that is OK.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary and Dari, here is my answer.  Are you comfortable with it before I send it to the shipper.  Thanks. Lynn  Answer:  If an interruptible shipper is bumped in the Intraday 1 cycle, the shipper will keep 1/3 of their scheduled volumes. Shippers schedule becomes their actual unless they are the operator of the point.  Therefore, they would not encounter a DDVC penalty.  If the Shipper is the operator, NNG looks at total scheduled volumes vs total actual delivered volumes and determines if a DDVC is appropriate.  The DDVC is based on the difference between total scheduled and the actual delivery at the point.  If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to give me a call. Lynn Blair (713-853-7637). 
 Mary, I am going to be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday of next week as well as Monday, November 26th.  Do you need me in the meeting?  If not John Buchanan can attend in my place.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is a VERY HIGH level evacuation plan we can start with in the morning at 9:00 a.m.    Don't panic, bring your additions and improvements to the meeting and we can modify this plan.  I just thought we could start with this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, here is a PAA I referenced that Donna and I  are recommending for Amy.    Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Please post the attached notice.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad and Donna, you have all of my employees covered.  Only change is Cynthia Rivers and Jacob conklin need to be under Sheila instead of me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, please put me on thel ist to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Can you get this note to the people working next weekend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Bob, you are correct in your statement.  But I want to be sure Koch understand when they nominate their receipt at Carlton of 2828 the delivery on that path will be 2828 less fuel.  Otherwise I agree with you statements.  I will be out next week, but Raetta is up to speed on this issue if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, be sure we discuss this on Monday morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tim and Randy, how did the traning go?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Let's discuss again on Monday if we need to relook at hard coding the allocation based on discussions with Kent and Frank.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Fran, do you have an updated org chart that I could send to the Measurement group? Thanks. Lynn 
  Sharon, would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27, 2001.  Topic:	Restructure the information on the TW pipe for the morning meeting  Time: 	1 hour  Attendees:	Shelley Corman* Steve January* Darrell Schoolcraft Lynn Blair* Terry kowalke Dale Ratliff*  *Required attendance  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Wanted to pass on this information.  After working with Minnegasco to help them use Park and Ride as much as possible (considering we were allocating storage), the Minnegasco scheduler went into the system for Friday's gas day and changed their business between Intraday 1 and Intraday 2.  This caused cuts through Demarc and Mid 17.  We tried to help as much as possible and keep the same rules we have with all other shippers. If you have any questions, please let me know.   Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, here is a blank PAA form to fill out if you have someone you want to recognize. Please fill out the form and send to Steve and John for approval since I will be out of the office until next Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, here is a first review of the document to the employees.    Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, looks good to me.  I really appreciate you getting these done.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Sharon, would you please set up the following meeting for me to be held after  Tuesday of next week.  Topic:	Review of process for testing model office and production  Time Frame:  1 hour  Attendees:	Brad Holmes Maggie Matheson Ramona Betancourt Hasan Kedwaii John Buchanan Terry Kowalke Sheila nacey Jim Studebaker   Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, I would like for you to attend as well.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I will be on vacation Tuesday, November 20 through Monday, November 26.  I will be back in the office on Tuesday, November 27th.  John and Terry are in the office all week and Terry is on call for the holiday weekend for scheduling issues.  Terry and Steve can get a hold of me over the holidays if needed.  For accounting issues, Raetta and Larry will be in the office Tuesday and Wednesday, with Raetta taking a half day vacation on Wednesday.  All of you have a great Thanksgiving with your families.  I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Debra, thanks for your reply.  Are you comfortable now that you can perform this function instead of Raetta if Jean is gone?  Does Jean need to have more specific instructions to cover Transok that specifies the timing for putting the allocations in the system?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tim and Mike, would it be appropriate to have Mike call Bill and get specifics from him?  Then we can do a conference call to explain the cuts?  Just a suggestion.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Don, this is great.  This report was a big hurdle for us.  I will check with the team on how it is working.  Thanks for all your support as we go forward in our Business Objects training. Thanks. Lynn 
