etting short). Do you have any thoughts on this as acting head of EIM? Doesn't sound like the best use of our liquidity at this point. Rick (We have a million issues to address like this around the company). 
 Would appreciate any feedback from talk so we can improve Tx, Rick 
 Thanks, we are in bounds for the moment.  Rick 
 Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well. Then week of March 5. I could stay a day or two if needed. Any thoughts? Rick 
 This is fine by me. Rick Buy 
 thanks- now i  just have to convince jeff-- rick 
 Thanks for the feedback. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed.  Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are.  Thanks again for the feedback. I was a little worried about Ted after the MD disappointment but it seems he has recovered.   Rick 
 Sounds fine to me. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. Rick 
 I liked him alot. Seems ready, willing and able to make a move. What are your thoughts? Rick 
 Thanks for your note. I want to wish you the best of luck in EES. As far as RAC's issues with EES, I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task force. I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.  Again, I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and Enron. Have fun!!  Rick 
 Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me. I did not want this procrastinated on. I have a meeting scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate attention. Rick 
 A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there.  We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. More to come.  Rick 
 good info. i don't believe there will be many more "ei" type asset acquisitions any time soon. rick 
 Please print and file tx rick 
 Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know. Tx Rick 
 The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below.  Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk. I answered positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a blended debt and equity return.(?)  Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves.  Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully.  Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem? Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough cash to operate.  This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp.  Rick 
 Karen- please print this out and file somewhere. tx rick 
 Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have problems with this in the future. Thanks, Rick 
 Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. We should probably cancel this account. Rick Buy 
 Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London??? Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 Yeah, I heard. Childers informed me and rubbed it in that he was key in talking me out of that decision. I think I made the right decision ya think? Rick 
 My daughter has reservations at Kingsway House, 71 Eardley Court. Can you see if anyone knows if this place is a disaster? She is going with a girlfriend that doesn't have hardly any money so they had to find a place that was cheap which worries me no end. Tx Rick 
 Just met w/ Skilling and Whalley.  Var for gas has temp increase of $15MM until next friday (12/15/2000). Jeff is calling for an executive comm mtg to ask for an additional $40 MM of corp var until next wed (12/13/2000).  One issue is UK power will be over VAR everyday starting probably thurs or fri of this week, unless we increase them as well. (They sweep retail deals into book once a week on this day). This increase only needs to be $2-3- million.  Fasten seat belts and apply oxygen masks.  Rick 
 This is great. I want to use it at our upcoming credit conference. Thanks, Rick 
 I like this slide from Tara. Can we use somewhere? Rick 
 I go away for a day and come back to yet another $40 million of PGE exposure. I guess the lesson is to not go away. Where does this end? This is a painful way to learn about derivative credit exposure. Please inform all "deal doers" at EES that they better have RAC review their deals (Mercury) in detail before they sign. This is more out of control than anything else we have at Enron.  Rick 
 I will be unable to attend this meeting as I will be in Canada meeting with banks. Bill Bradford could attend in my absense if Dan thinks appropriate. Rick 
 Great!  This is exactly how I want everything in RAC to work. Rick 
 Chip is assigned to North America primarily but we asked him to get up to speed on the India situation in case a new deal should arise there that requires RAC input. He is a sharp guy with lots of project finance experience and also worked in London for Eastern.  If you don't want him involved and a transaction arises it will be difficult to get someone up to speed quickly, given the complexities. Rick 
 You all should have received instruction from Sheila W. on the system for salaries. I need that info late today so I can look at over the weekend. Numbers are due Monday am. Rick 
 fyi 
 Lets discuss this before we make offer. Rick 
 Are these numbers consistent with your expectations. We will submit to HR if no onjections. Traditionally Sutton has looked at the range and made the decision where to be inside the range. I don't know if Skilling will do the same. I have a voice mail into him to see. Rick 
 No- the conclusion is incorrect. The peakers help to mitigate the risk created by market positions. Maybe just change the last sentence to read "Because the peakers offset the contract, the VAR is substantially reduced. " Rick 
 wow! what's behind this, not that I think it isn't a very prudent decision. rick 
 Tx Please stay on top of this and pass on info to Bradford for inclusion in our overall Calif. analysis. Rick 
 Yes we should present fx exposure at every meeting just like credit exposure tec. Format as before. Rick 
 We are probably ok for now since we got the space from networks. Rick 
 fyi 
 Are your plans to stay on 28? We are doing some planning on office space. I have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not a big issue. I had heard that you were moving. Tx Rick 
 please schedule 
 fyi- wasn't there a discussion on this at prc? rick 
 I really appreciate it when people take the time to acknowledge Mark's efforts and others in RAC as well. Thanks for the feedback. Rick 
 have been unable to return your call. will do tomorrow. it has been crazy here to say the least. rick 
 Hi- Thanks for the note. Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send anything too personal. Time to get back into studying. It will be over before you know it and the four years is a small fraction of your working life so keep at it.  I will look into London for your spring break. Send me the exact times you have off. Love Dad. 
 Attached 
 thanks, rick buy 
 OK by me. Only because I know Frank. Rick 
 Weird, but ok by me. Rick Buy 
 FYI 
 I told you wrong on date for next mtg if you need approval. That date would be Feb 13. I'm tied up w/ bonus/review stuff for foreseeable future. feb works better for lunch. Rick 
 feb 2 i think why?? 
 I will be working on all RAC bonuses on Wednesday and ask that each of you review  your department's bonuses on Thursday so that all of RAC can be submitted on Friday.   Thanks.  Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 I guess I don't have strong feelings if a dash is written here or not but I do care that a troubled situation receive the attention it requires to avoid getting in deeper. There always seems to be reluctance in UK to have a dash prepared, Steve always used a huge amount of energy on justifying the task. We all know that if problem deals are not addressed they always get worse. Maybe Michael could be led to "suggest" an alternative memo or approach. A "problem deal" memo. If you all think a dash is the best approach do it and I don't care if they don't sign it.  Once the website is functional, it will be helpful to have a complete history of deals and having these kind of memos in dash format will aid this process.  One final thought, Michael is quite supportive of our effort and I think we should pick battles carefully. Rick 
 Pam- Please send this to RAC worldwide. Tx Rick 
 Activity levels in Credit Risk Management (CRM) have never been higher due to very volatile commodity markets, growth in EES and many other factors. In order to address these market changes, effective now, Ken Curry will transfer from Rick Carson's Due Diligence group to CRM and report to Bill Bradford. Ken has a strong background in credit related issues and should be able to immediately add value to the CRM group.  It is fortunate that adequate depth exists within RAC to be able to realign personnel as market needs suggest. Please join me in congratulating Ken on his move and in wishing him success in this new assignment.  Rick Buy 
 Sorry to hear your news. Thanks for letting me know. Rick 
 Lets have a brief meeting on this. I'll have Karen set up. Tx Rick 
 This looks good. Possibly don't need last two items , we need to decide when to review this once it is live to see if it is taking off. Also, what does t aking off mean? Certainly after a month. See what others think about this list and then we can decide what our plan should be. I'll talk to you in a day or two. Rick 
 Thanks- You guys need a rest. Have a great holiday. Rick 
 Karen- Wanted to say thanks for the gifts you gave me the other day for xmas. I know I often appear ungrateful but that's what happens when you have 2 thousand things on your mind. The pen and leather "thing" for notes are great- I'll use both in my annual attempt to get organised. Rick 
 keep 'em coming, rick 
 god help them  Best of luck, Rick 
 test3 
 excellent!!!!! 
 I have done this 3 times now. 
 Please get involved here and let these people know this. Tx Rick 
 After rereading 3 times I see your point. Didn't mean it that way. Before I sent it out I had Ted and Karen review as well as another person in corp. None had any comments. I asked Dave Gorte if he saw anything negative in it, he did not. Didn't mean to slight you in any way and I apologize if I did. Rick 
 Is this correct? Rick 
 Spoke w/ Skilling re OI "binary" decision. He is willing to enter into the deal. His rational is that he thinks we will be ok on OWC in the final analysis. He did  say to reserve for the deal adequately and structure it as appropriate for the circumstances. He also wanted to know if there is anything different here than on OWC. I told him that it wasn't significantly different (both strong underlying businesses with huge event risk attached)  Lets get dash completed and then I will voice mail Jeff w/ specifics and get his verbal signature.  Rick 
 Louise Kitchen, who is now the President & CEO of Enron Net Works and I had a conversation about the space located at EB2801.  Louise had no objection to RAC occupying this space since her buildout could not occur until May.   The space rental should be allocated to 011/100068 and 011/100052 equally.  Rick 
 Spoke with John Sherriff this am re prc for London RAC people. John said they included our people for cross calibration purposes but we could rank our people where we saw fit. So I don't think there is any issue here. The Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to light to you Steve that calls into question a person's ranking.  Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is straightened out.  Thanks, Rick 
 I have no idea who sent me this message. I did not like the sound of the name so I forwarded it to both of you. It is not a pornographic e-mail but I the name sounds funny. FYI. Trying to stay out of trouble. Rick 
 This needs to be sent company wide. Lets discuss how. Tx Rick 
 test2 
 I will request this extension at tomorrow's executive committee of the board mtg. rick 
 I would like Bill Bradford there unless someone is trying to llimit headcount. Rick 
 The continued growth of the Enron Europe office and related businesses has prompted a change in the management of Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) in London. Effective in early January, 2001, Ted Murphy will transfer to the London office and mange the RAC activities which include credit and market risk and underwriting. Ted will continue to manage the Enron Global Market Risk activities. Steve Young, currently managing RAC in London, will begin a new assignment within  EBS, also in London.  The Houston Market Risk group will be managed by David Port  As Enron continues to expand its trading and risk management businesses, it is vital that trading and credit policies are administered in a consistent and accurate manner across the company. Hopefully this realignment will accomplish that goal.  Please join me in congratulating Ted, David and Steve on their new assignments. 
 I have two nominations for MD and one for VP.  VP  David Port  MD  Ted Murphy Dave Gorte  All of the above would be in the Specialized Technical category.  Call me if a problem, Rick Buy 
 ok, but can't do anything until jan. rick 
 Thanks for note. Mike Jordan in UK is coordinating an effort on this. I'm worried we have more than initiative going on here. Hopefully everyone will coordinate.  Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 fyi, rick 
 Deal needs to go to Skilling (or OOC) because capital price exceeds return. Otherwise Frevert could sign. I am authorised to sign for Jeff up to $25 MM after I leave him a voice mail. After I review deal I will voice mail Jeff and that should work. Rick 
 fyi, please respond, tx rick 
 test 
 Everyone in RAC is invited to attend Underwriting mtg on Friday at 10:30 am. Rick 
 Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick 
 Probably a smart decision. Rick 
 Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into the Stable Asset fund. I only want to defer that which I have to defer due to my Section 16b status. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Mark- here is my response to your request. Call with questions.  Goal: Total Foreign Exchange Exposure quantified and communicated to BOD.  Performance: Project completed with final tranche of results reported to Finance Committee Dec 11. The notional exposure as well as impact on potential impact on earnings and CTA accounts have been quantified and reported to the BOD over the past year according to a schedule that has strictly adhered to. Also, a template and process has been established to be able to easily report changes in the future. Enron has never had a comprehensive review of FX exposure prior to this activity. As an aside, there has been a fair amount of hedging activity resulting from this effort.  Goal: Establish risk and trading control processes for risks unique to EES.  Performance: Systems have been established and monitoring controls are in place across EES. A thorough study of the DSM business has been completed and the results presented to the Finance Committee. A RAC task force has been put in place which has established a work plan consisting of 53 elements that EES has agreed to put in place to get the overall back office and trading and credit control systems where they need to be. Significant progress has been made against these recommendations. DSM projects have been spot tested with outside measurement firm and the results reported to EES. These tests have highlighted focus areas to determine where the capital dollars are best employed.  Goal: Solidify the global risk management policy beyond Houston and London.  Performance: Complete and Ongoing. During 2000, Project Doorstep was initiated by RAC which inspected every office within Enron to determine if trading was taking place and if so whether the Enron controls were being adhered to. A data base system was developed to routinely prompt surprise inspections of these offices and also monitor if the recommendations are being adhered to. Doorstep was a huge effort involving RAC, AA, and operations to really understand where we have risks. It also helps in defining where we don't have responsibility such as EOTT,  Azurix  and The New Power Company. 
 Any progress here. Rick 
 How is progress on this? Rick 
 Have had problems with my computer but I found this memo unread. (May be because I have 2000 emails). Should we still pursue this? I know Jack is working on copper mines. Maybe you guts started without me getting involved. Lets discuss. Rick 
 Kind of old but still relavent. FYI Rick 
 did i send this to already? fyi. this was very contentious at India mtg w/ Lay & Skilling. We need to understand what our exposure is. You need to become our India expert. Tx Rick 
 This slipped thru the cracks- are we still going to do? Did you do it already? Rick 
 i guess this is the answer to my inquiry on cypress issue-rick 
 Karen- please print this out. I need to edit this. Thanks, Rick 
 I think you should arrange for a formal presentation of this material to myself and other folks in RAC. I believe this is the direction of future risk control activity and all of us need to be updated. Scheduling something after the board meeting would be helpful. Tx Rick 
 Good job. Keep moving it forward. If moving forward it will improve. Rick 
 Looks good to me. Rick Buy (Please pass along to John S. ) 
 great news! i think the ad swap idea is one of the most creative things to happen around here in quite a while. rick 
 Any more on this issue. Rick 
 Missed your call  today and I will be in RAC PRC all day tomorrow. Basically Jeff said we must get this exposure down but gave no parameters to the statement. He did ask if any recent issue is causing us concern to which we said no, and I also said we know more about this company than any other exposure we have (which we should).  I also spoke with M. Kopper today and he thinks the proposed deal w/ TXU to pay slightly more for a plant with the proviso that we get a cleaner contract is a good idea, rather than paying a lot of money to an investment bank.  Moral of story in my opinion is to try and improve deal structure with TXU through the plant purchase or other structured deal. Do no more (large) deals with TXU that significantly increase credit exposure ($10mm??) unless we buy a derivative that reduces exposure simultaneously. Continue to stay on top of TXU with frequent meetings with their management to maintain a close relationship with good communication.  Lets try and discuss Wed if possible. 
 Spoke with Jeff re TXU. Lets discuss when you have a minute. Rick 
 Bad problem, good response. Are there any others where price wasn't being updated? Rick 
 Totally supportive  of candidate. I hope we can get her. Only issue was reluctance to move to Houston or London. That will hurt us eventually. Rick 
 sounds like an opportunity for our illustrious steel team! 
 Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report, which by the way is quite bebficial to us. Tx Rick Buy 
 fyi, rick 
 a "senses"?? i love chi-knees- rick 
 Thank you very much for taking the time to provide this feedback. Feedback, both positive and negative, is critical to improving performance. Rick Buy 
 London??? How do we include? Rick 
 Did this go ok. Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 This is fine by me. Do you need hard copy of signature. Rick 
 fyi-comments? rick 
 Approve as written. (Continue to hate the deal). Rick 
 I have already left him a voice mail. Will let you know when I hear. Tx Rick 
 wow! pretty bold move assuming you had a choice.  i will be in london next week, i'll try to give you a call. rick 
 Sounds great. Don't build me a Rolls when a Chevy will do. Rick 
 not to worry- we won't be cutting your budget. lets discuss when you get back. rick 
 I will be out of the office the week between Christmas and New Year's and can be contacted by telephone and fax @ (603) 875-0794. Please make certain that there is coverage at all times for your area. Also, please send Karen your own schedule.  Rick 
 I am not sure I understand this. Can I still surf without going thru the Enron system? Can I still use AOL? I will only need full Enron access about half the time the rest a direct dsl internet connection is what I want. Is the DSL line on all the time or is it still dial up.? Rick 
 you have been busy haven't you, rick 
 I was really hoping we could do this on a best efforts basis with all of us covering any issues arising during the month of December. Since there seems to be insistence on a date certain there is no choice but to have Steve start in EBS on 1-1-2001. Ted can't physically be there until then. It will be difficult to have full RAC responsibility without physically being there. Rick 
 fine 
 to your hearts content 
 Please do not extend offers of employment to anyone without checking with me first. This does not mean a freeze but rather I want to be sure there isn't a person in RAC that may be better suited, or could be with a little training, for a particular position. Thanks, Rick 
 thanks, they do a great job and are an under-appreciated asset at enron. rick 
 Was this a fruitful meeting. Rick 
 We need to discuss this. Sounds like bs to me. Rick 
 Thanks, Rick 
 Any news on this. Rick 
 Has this been verified. Rick 
 This is a good solution. Lets discuss in more detail.  Rick Molly Harris|HOU|ECT wrote on 10/2/00 4:27 pm:    Thank you for your time to discuss Perry Gas.  Michael and I have talked to Jim Keller, EES Legal, and initiated placement of Michael on the Creditor Committee.  We are the largest unsecured creditor.  Jim is working with outside counsel and will be providing documents to Michael to insert him quickly in the process.  Michael will represent us for both EES and ENA.  Regards Molly 
 We need to meet on this. Pls talk to Bill lets get something set up here. Rick 
 yes as we discussed.  rick John J Lavorato|Corp|Enron wrote on 9/12/00 9:14 am:  Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book until the Board meeting on October 11th. 
 Lets discuss Brazil/EI strategy. Rick 
 Fantastic-landmark deal Rick William S Bradford|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 7:33 pm:  Rick,  John, Jim and Brad were instrumental in getting this restructuring done.  It feels good when the process works.  Bill 
 Send him what was in books but no notes. Tell him it changes daily in a huge way. Tx Rick  PS I stopped down earlier to thank you for a great job on the BOD meeting. See you at 4:30. 
 Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at most everything there in detail).  As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)  Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Karen- please circulate to all RAC worldwide. Tx Rick   It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight, manager in the Market Risk Group. Andy succumbed to cancer on Feb. 22, 2001 and will have funeral services in Florida. There may be a memorial service here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been announced. Please contact Veronica Valdez for details.  Andy was with RAC and Enron only briefly before being diagnosed, but made a real impact especially on those that worked closely with him. Andy had  a warm and personable style, which along with his technical capability, made him a real asset to the group. He will be missed. 
 I approve this request. Thanks, Rick Buy 
 Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group? Rick 
 I attend a regular meeting with AA and Rick Causey discussing EES internal controls. They have asked for a detailed presentation on :  -EAM business -Tariff curve summary and positions against those curves -Credit issues in general.  I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and get it organized. EES may attend but not present. I think we should give them an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the above areas. Probably a one hour mtg but maybe two. Lets try to meet next week.  Karen- please set up.  Tx Rick - 
 ???????????????????????????????????????????? Rick 
 Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall. I can count on one hand how often this happens in RAC so keep it up.  Great job. Thanks, Rick 
 need to know more. focused on trading? or assets? rick 
 What conference? Rick 
 will not attend, tx rick 
 Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area. Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting. The concept is that a deal flows into a website?? that is basically a checklist and the transaction is sized and scoped. If it met deal criteria and portfolio requirements, it would flow directly to an outside shop that would fund, bill, track etc. Enron could possibly keep a small interest in economics and of course a skim.  Lets review presentation, then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D.  and proceed to banks. Ben is clearing idea with Delaney. We are shooting for a Friday (23) meeting.  Thanks, Rick 
 fyi, rick 
 fine by me, rick 
 The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force. The following people in RAC have been assigned to this effort as follows:  Legacy Opportunity  Molly Harris Teresa Seibel James Copeland Michael Tribolet Jay Hachen Minal Dalia Don Rollins Rick Carson Jeff Soo Debbie Brackett Sue Vasan  On Going Opportunities  Denise Fury Mark Wilson Dana Smith Andrew Greer Martin O'leary Jay Hachen Dave Gorte Darren Schmidt Vladi Gorny David Port Jeff Soo  This is a huge commitment of staff from RAC and will strain us no end, but it is necessary. If you want RAC to lead this effort I will appoint Michael Tribolet to manage the task. If you want someone else to manage the  effort we will assist as we can. Regardless of who leads this effort we need following:  Commitment of EES back office staff people Commitment of IT resources Commitment of Skilling to fund the overage to the RAC budget, which I am under huge pressure to reduce, not increase.  Let me know how to launch this program.  Rick 
 No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss. Want to join us? Rick 
 Great news. Thanks for the heads up. Rick 
 No problem publishing- fake numbers, fake names and the real deal was not done. Should be pretty safe. Rick 
 I'll be in New York. They will have to fly solo on this. Rick 
 What do you think. Probably ok I guess. Rick 
 No further Board approval is required. I'm told that new products on EOL require the lawyers to get involved but that will happen when you request to put the product online. Rick 
 tx- caps were eliminated so this should improve?? rick 
 fyi, rick 
 You may have an interest in this. FYI Rick 
 As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it expands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be adjusted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but others will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be multidimensional. There will be no formal leader of the teams because each member is responsible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC group that you are in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process for consideration.  - The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework. - Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" . - All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment. - Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude among the teams. - Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect. -  Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will require more frequent informal meetings. - There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of credit, market risk or our portfolio. - All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offer to help out if needed. - If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen. - Encourage weak links in team to perform. - Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement. - If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it with your supervisor. - Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC and compensation processes.  The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a catalyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.  This process should begin immediately.  Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.  Rick 
 Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?  Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy.  Rick 
 This was an excellent response. No need to take too much grief though. Rick 
 Jeff- this guy sent me this email. Probably not any interest to you, but you can decide.  Rick 
 Please include Bill Bradford if possible. Tx Rick 
 What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy 
 Check out this site. Rick   http://www.laconiamcweek.com/ 
