nit changouts, the following recordkeeping and monitoring conditions apply:  1) DAILY recordkeeping of nitrogen and sulfur must be taken of the fuel gas which supplies the applicable turbine(s).  2) This recordkeeping consists of electronic recording (gas chromtograph for nitrogen and  delmar or equivelant for sulfur) or stain tubes may also be used  for sulfur. These DAILY records include measurements on Saturdays and Sundays.  3) The measurement must be taken at the location.  An exception to this is that the nitrogen and sulfur measurements may be taken upstream or downstream  of the applicable turbine facility provided that there are no natural gas deliveries into the pipe which would interfere or dilute/increase the measurements  for the applicable turbine fuel gas.  4) Fuel gas records in hard copy form or equivalent  for  the nitrogen and sulfur must be maintained at the facility or at a central location for easy retrival.  5) A turbine facility may waiver out of this nitorgen and sulfur daily recordkeeping requirement by obtaining a custom fuel monitoring schedule (CFMS) from  the EPA.  Approval of a  CFMS allows a greatly reduced recordkeeping and reporting for nitrogen and sulfur.  CFMS requests have been submitted for the  following facilities:  P-1 C/S Plains Turbine C/S Atoka No 2 C/S Monument C/S Crawford C/S Bloomfield C/S  Approvals have not as yet been obtained.  Until issuance of a CFMS, an applicable facility is required to continue daily sampling for nitrogen and sulfur.  Facilities which have received CFMS from the EPA include:  La Plata C/S P-2 C/S  Please be advised that there may be certain reporting requirements that might be required for each CFMS.  I would strongly advise that the La Plata and Panhandle  teams review their CFMS and include reporting dates into MCS, so that the deadlines and reportings are not missed.  If you have a turbine facility which is subject to the nitrogen and sulfur reporting requirements and would like to reduce the reporting burden, contact Butch or myself. 
 The biennial hazardous waste reporting for 1999 for Transwestern Pipeline Company was submitted to the states of Texas, and New Mexico.  A meeting was held in Roswell to discuss air permitting activites and the recent agency inspection of the TW Atoka No. 3 C/S.  Due to the agenciy's portable testing of units at the AToka No. 2 and 3 C/S, A plan was developed to address potential actions which may result from the agency testing.  Also discussed was NSPS fuel gas monitoring for nitrogen and sulfur and other miscellaneous air issues.  Texaco has initiated soil excavation of an abondoned pit which may be the source of groundwater contamination at the NNG Eunice C/S.  An Enron contractor is onsite to oversee the activities by Texaco and to assist in the results of the investigation.  The 3rd request to Region VI EPA was completed requesting approval of 5 Transwestern and 1 NNG facilities for custom fuel monitoring schedules. Initial requests dating back to 10/8/98 were included with the packet.  A phone call to the Regional Administer of Region VI was also completed. Pending additional lack of response,   a meeting will be requested to the agency requesting action and approval of the requests.  Data requests from Argent Consulting have been distributed to the field for the 1999 emissions inventories.  Results of the additional archeological and biological survey's for the Gallup C/S power transmission line 7C application have been submitted to regualtory affairs in Omaha.  There were no positive concerns or impacts identified which would require additoinal actions. 
 Bret, per ;you request, presented below is a list of Priority 1 and 2 sites in Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Texas for which we have running horsepower and       emit emissions to the atmosphere.  ARIZONA  Priority 1     Priority 2  C/S No. 3 C/S No. 4 C/S No. 2 C/S No. 1  NEW MEXICO   C/S No. 7     Atoka No. 2 C/S No. 8     C/S N. 5 Eunice C/S     P-1 C/S No. 9     Monument Turbine Maljimar C/S     Crawford C/S Bloomfield C/S Jal C/S Atoka No. 1 C/S Atoka No. 3 C/S COLORADO  La Plata  TEXAS  WT-2 C/S Keystone P-2 C/S Lone Star Valero C/S 
 On a related note, I spoke to Vector concerning the equipment which was suggested for cleaning on the PG&E system.  It is as follows:  2 scrubbers, some underground C/S piping, filter separator, horizontal tank, 2-10.84 drip locations  The Vector proposal for mobilization, demobilizataion and cleaning the above PG&E equipment will be approx. $ 75, 000.  I approached Vector about the pipeline cleaning between our M/S and their C/S.  They quoted a turn key price of $34,000.  Because this piping belongs to Transwestern, we should contract this cleaning ourselves.  If the decision is made to address this cleaning, I think we would want to have it done during the same time period as the PG&E cleaning activities.  I will also need some lead time to notify Vector and determine an appropriate methodology to be used.  Vector apparently has an approved methodology for cleaning pipes to 36".  One additional note, apparently PG&E has discovered PCBs in their gas compressors.  In wipe samples taken of the internal compressors PCBs were found at regulated levels..... 
 Louie, I dont have any plans for a trip to HOuston, except for the Mage tech mtg during the last week in Feb. 28, 29, March 1 ,2 
 A presentation was given to the Transwestern Marketing Group in Houston over the PCB issues affecting sales of natural gas into western markets.  The history and future potential impacts of market stratgies were also discussed.  A training session on the Dehy MACT was attended in Santa Fe which was sponsored by the state of New Mexico, apprising companies of forth coming requirements under Title III.  A request will be sent out ot the field for each location which has dehydration to complete a extended gas analysis and rich lean glycol samples.  Notification to the staes and EPA is due by June 17, 2000.  A conference call was attended to discuss the C/S 8 turbine project and its fate.  Based upon submitted discussions it was decided to dispose of the turbine, compressor and auxillary box as a PCB contaminated waste and move the contaminated articles to a PCB landfill.  The quarterly Transwestern/SoCal PCB management committee mtg was held via conference call.  Invoices and charges were discussed which So cal had charged to their management and handling of PCB's on their system. At 86%, Transwestern's responsibility was $71,208.61.  Clearances were received from the F&W and SHPO for the additional areas for the powerline transmission corridor of the Gallup C/S which is in progress.  A custom fuel monitoring request wqas submitted to Region VI EPA for the Transwestern Lone Star Valero C/S.  Installation and testing has been initiated on the precombustion chambers for the Superiors at the Atoka No. 3 C/S.   While fabrication is in progress for the correct chamber,  temporary Waukesha chambers were installed.  Even though the chambers were not of the correct size and configuration, a 12.5% fuel savings was achieved and emissions were reduced by over 56%.  The correct chambers will be available and installed sometime next week. 
 Mike I wanted to give a short update on the latest events related to the PCB issue with PG&E.  Transwestern met with PG&E this last Wednesday with an agenda that included some sharing of sampling results collected downstream of their first C/S (Topock) and on out west toward their main distribution areas.  With respect to the most recent sampling data, Low PCB concentrations (N.D. to 38 ppm) have been detected in drips and interconnects between Topock and Hinckley C/S.  The good news is that PCB's have not been detected downstream of Hinckley which is approx. 160 miles from the Topock C/S.  PG&E has also initiated construction and installation of some drips and small separators at locations where their gas feeds into other lines or directly into customers.  the proposed installation date for the large mainline filter separators is still on target for 6/1/00.  Now for the bad news.  At the conclusion of the meeting, PG&E has stated that they want their Topock C/S decontaminated.  This includes all piping and equipment.  I stated to them the impractabibility and zero success rate of removing all the PCB's from their system and that there would be no quarantees that the deconning would be successful.   The contract PCB deconning companies only have permits which would guarantee cleanup to 10 ug.  They were told that it would be impossible to clean everything and that in all probability the PCB concentrations would be showing up as the gas continues to move through the system.  Additionally, the better remediation approach would be to continue to remove PCB containing liquids at strategic locations.  Even with this, they were pretty insistent that their management wanted the facility cleaned.  Preliminary $$ estimates range to approx. 3-5 million.  I think that this is only the "tip of the iceberg".  If they are successful with this action, the pipeline system will be next.  Their pipeline is not piggable and to make it such would require replacement of pipe, valves etc.  Ill keep you informed on this,,,,,,, 
 Michael, our liquids data collections have been pretty lean.  Its only been in the last couple of months where we have actually collected any arsenic data.  I will send to you what data have have with respect to arsenic, including some historic reserch in the Abo field of southeast New Mexico where the arsenic is generated from down hole.  The source is not so much from what is coming out of the wells (catalyst towers were installed in the late 80's to trap the arsenic) as the residual which has collected in the pipeline prior to the installation of the catalyst towers....... 
 yes. let me know. 
 what's the final plan.  where? when? where do we meet? 
 don't worry about the margin call.  it's taken care of.  LC 
 what are you guys doing for new year's?  work 713.853.9351 home 713.777.0146 pager 800.963.0942 
 both. you have to schd. all your trades. 
 As a reminder, the state of Texas requires releases of natural gas greater than 119 mscf  to the atmosphere (in a 24 hour period), to be reported to the Regional Offices of the TNRCC.  These releases include but may not be limited to the following:  ESD's, startups, shutdowns, pipeline ruptures and maintenance activities.  Should any of the above activities release natural gas in excess of 119 mscf, a written notification should be faxed to the Regional Office of the TNRCC  within the following timeframes:  Unanticipated Upsets- within 24 hours after the discovery of the upset.  Maintenance, Startup or Shutdowns- 10 day prior to the expected exceedance.  This reminder is being sent to all ET&S teams within Texas because in the last two Northern Natural Gas compressor station inspections conducted by the TNRCC,  they specifically requested backup data and reporting documentation of the natural gas releases to the atmosphere which were greater than 119 mscf.  The agency's  inquiry specifically addressed knowledge of compressor station venting for ESD, start ups and shutdowns.  It should also be mentioned that there has been inconsistencies in the TNRCC's position regarding this issue.  However, until a position has been adopted by Enron's GPG, I am recommending that each facility comply and report as appropriate.  The fax numbers for the following Regional offices are as follows:  Midland (915)  570-4795    Included facilities-  Wt-2, Walton, Keystone, Lone Star Valero, Spraberry, Seminole  Lubbock (806)  796-7107  Included facilities-  P-2, Plainview, Brownfield  San Angelo (915)  658-5431  Included facilities- Reagan Co. 2, Irion Co. 1, Eldorado  Reporting forms for the release can be faxed to your location by request by contacting me at (505) 625-8022. 
 user id: lcampbel password: megan1 
 nope.  what's the occasion? 
 http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sd1.pdf  http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sd.pdf 
 http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sd.pdf  go to page D-6 for the capital loss carryover worksheet.     http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sd1.pdf 
 http://test3.thespark.com/gendertest/ 
 http://www.quicken.com/investments/news/story/djbn/?story=/news/stories/dj/200 10228/BT20010228006390.htm&symbol=JNPR 
 Just a short note to let you know that I received a call from Rod Bosche of PG&E apprising me of a meeting PG&E will be having with SW Gas this tuesday. They will be discussing PCB issues and the sampling results from the PG&E system.   From discussions with Louie, a media statement is being prepared by them which Louie has a copy of.  The statement is a little harsh and makes some statements which are incorrect.  Louie and I are planning to attend this meeting in Las Vegas to possibly assist in making some suggestions about rewording their statement and provide some additional insight and history on the Transwestern system with respect to PCB's.  The results of this meeting will be forwarded at a later date..... 
 https://www.admission.com/html/seatmap.htmI?l=EN&CNTX=23689&C=US 
 9214 Sanford 77031 
 1414 South Dairy Ashford #515 77077 
 id lcampbel password megan1 
 Steve, you have been given all the written permit history and portable analyzer correspondance from myself to and from the State of New  Mexico. All of my air permit files were copied and sent to you previously.  If there is confusion, I apologize but everything that has been agreed to by the State of New Mexico has been made available for review and use.  If I need to sit down with you and or others to go over this, let me know.    Steve SanMiguel 03/13/2000 08:12 PM 
 i do not know this person.  i think you have the wrong larry campbell. 
 your resume is good enough b/c i gave it directly to the hiring people. 
 Don Baughman and Juan Hernandez.  If the listing you saw says Edwin Coulter, he no longer is part of the group.  LC 
 No. thank you 
 Mike, I spoke to Ralph and he gave me an open week of April 17th in San Francisco.  He thought that one day would be more that adequate.  I need to have somebody contact the PG&E side for their availablity during that week. Should I or someone else contact Rod Bosche or let Louie do this from his end with our legal contacting their legal?  Some of the highlights that I had requested to Ralph for his presentation was the following:  PCB's are a contaminant, just as benzene is, which occurs naturally in the gas.  Health issues of PCBs in pipeline are not a concern especially from a customer and employee standpoint (the name PCB lends itself to public outcry of the unknown)  Removal of PCB's is best accomplished by managing liquids, not deconing  Fiilter separators are a proven method of PCB removal  Transwestern's proactive assistance with SoCal on their system to manage their PCBs  Most pipelines on the east coast have PCB's and no adverse environmental impacts have occurred      Michel Nelson 03/28/2000 09:18 AM 
 Based upon valving constraints and the innaccessability to the inside of the pipe between our M/S and the Topock C/S, a decision has been made to postpone cleaning of his section of the pipeline.  should cleaning occur of this section, it is anticipated that it will not occur untill the installation of the filter separator at the PG&E C/S, sometime later this year.  Vector has been notified of this change in plans and will adjust their cleaning schedule  accordingly. 
 A meeting was held with the Roswell Team at C/S No 8 discuss roles and responsibilities of the Title V Operating Permit for the Corona C/S.  The sale of the TW Crawford C/S has been cancelled.  A permit revision was requested to the Air Quality Bureau to transfer the new permit to the existing facility to keep intact the ability to conduct turbine power unit replacements without agency notification.  Preparations are in place for the forthcoming meeting between PG&E and Transwestern over PCB issues on their mainline.  Analytical shows that the PCB's are continuing to move further downstream into their system.  Ralph Komai, with SoCal, will make a presentation concerning  SoCal's experience with PCBs on mainline and LDC systems and present it during the 4/20 meeting in San Francisco.  The annual certification for the Atoka No. 3 C/S was reveiwed for completion and submitted to M. Nelson for signature. 
 Michael, we may have to petition the teams for theri analytical 
 Rich, this is the public notice for the groundwater remediation at the TW North Crawar facility. Because we are emitting emissions to the air from the contamination in the groundwater, we had to have a permit..... 
 Larry, as per our conversation, presented below are the emissions factors provided by the state of Colorado for the T-7000 Centaur under permit 97LP0653 :  PM10   14.000/MMSCF  TSP   14.000/MMSCF  NOx   0.100/MMBTU  CO   0.121/MMBTU  VOC   0.0348/MMBTU  Formaldehyde  0.00438/MMBTU  acetaldehyde  0.00546/MMBTU   As you already know, the emissions factors for the Centaur 50H turbine under permit 97LP0885 can be found on page 5 of this permit which was issued on October 6, 1999.  Remember, the state has given us until May 19 to have the rolling emissions calculations completed for both turbines at the facility. 
 George/Norm because there is no immediate concern or liability with the partially filled excavation, I want us wait for the official letter from the tribe before taking it upon ourselves to fill the excavation.  I dont want to send  a message to the Lagunas about us taking environmental matters into our own hands without involvement from the tribe.  If there is a reason to expidite the covering of this open area, then lets  send another  letter requesting to do so.  Given the other issues yet to be resolved at the station, lets keep the tribe involved and a part of our environmental activities.  I want to maintain a good working relationship with these people.  As you may remember, they were a little irritated by Transwestern's neglect of not keeping them in the loop previously.  Lets not open that type of issue again......    George Robinson 05/05/2000 02:00 PM 
 will do.... 
 1. Status of Mainline Filter Separator Project.  Earl Chanley has indicated that the June 1 target date for in service is on schedule.  There will be 2 mainline separators for each mainline system. PG&E is also on schedule for June 5 & 7 pipeline tie ins to each bank of separators.  The only outstanding issue is an air permit for the 1200 gallon tank at the separator installation site.  This is a PG&E issue and will not create a delay of the in-service date.  All other permits and approvals, according to PG&E, are in place.  PG&E has stated that after operation of the separators, they will want to discuss maintenance issues with ET&S.  Post construction of the separators will result in 2-50 ft joints of 34 in. pipe.  PG&E will perform wipe tests on each piece to determine reuse and or disposal.  If the pieces test  to be regulated by state and federal, PG&E will consult their legal group to determine whether they will decon or dispose as a PCB regulated material.  If the decision is to decon, PG&E has indicated that they will seek another contractor other than Vector to reduce costs associated with cleaning the pipe.  2. Review Test Results of Ongoing Gas Sampling.  Update since last sampling discussion in San Francisco.  Good news is that at MP 353 (kettleman C/S), latest sampling showed non detect.  The third round of sampling taken at this location is not available.  All other samples collected at suspected liquids locations areas showed PCB liquids results to be decreasing  toward Hinkley C/S.  Line 311 is a 12 in. line which travels north to Ridgecrest, Ca  also feeds  IMC Chemical Plant.  Previous testing showed non detect.  Most recent sample showed 22 ppm.   Second sample has been collected but results are not available.  Samples are proposed to be collected at the IMC Chemical Plant.  There is a potential for the IMC Plant to be PG&E's biggest single commercial customer and therefore, this site is considered to be a sensitive area relating to PCB's.  Kern River Station continues to show PCB concentrations  of 1-3 ppm.   The gas from this location feeds into a portion of the Southern California Gas Co.  system which is PCB free.  3. Discuss Future Sampling Process and Frequency.  West end of the PG&E system has not been sampled.  The east end of the system has at least 2 rounds of sampling conducted.  Sampling frequency for these locations is once every two weeks.  When a sampling location is shown  to have liquids, it is resampled two weeks later and is included into the sampling program. Transwestern has requested to PG&E to increase the collection reservoirs under the meters and valves to allow greater removal liquids from the pipeline system.  At the present time a small nipple is inserted into the bottom of the valve and meter body  for the liquids collection.  By increasing the nipple size,  a greater collection container will be produced.  It was mutually agreed that until installation and operation of the two the separators, PG&E will continue to sample each location once every two weeks.  4. Review Criteria Used to Determine Need for Tap Filter/Separators.  Originally 29 locations were identified to receive the small filter separators.  These locations were considered Priority 1 sites.  The determination of a Priority 1 site is based upon the following criteria:  1) a location where liquids were collected twice and 2)  ppm concentration of the liquids collected was > 1.0 ppm. Based upon these criteria, Ridgecrest and Bakersfield (Kern River Station) have been added to the list of Priority sites.  Flow through at the Kern River location is 300-500 mmscf/day.  Samples collected at this location have shown PCB's in the range of 1-4 ppm.  PG&E's agreement with SoCal at this location is <1.0 ppm PCB's in the liquid phase.   PG&E has indicated that there is some sensitivity at both of these locations due to the large volume of gas deliveries.  PG&E and Southwest Gas have been in discussions concerning 5 additional filter separators on the Southwest Gas system due to substantial customer load at these locations.  Southwest Gas feels it needs additional protection at these sites.  PG&E has stated that Southwest Gas is beginning to express additional concern for PCB's at their interconnect locations.  5. Review and Discuss List of Proposed Tap Filter/Separators.  a. Siting, Design and Engineering  b. Cost Estimates  PG&E passed out a booklet pertaining to 9 small filter separator sites, plus an additional sheet for 16 sites with back-up to be produced in the next week. .  Four of these separators have been installed.  A total of 45 filter separators may be proposed for installation.  The cost estimates for the additional small volume  F/S up to the 29 indicated at the last meeting is 1.2 to 1.3 million.  The sampling costs have not been included in this number. Estimates are being reviewed on a per sites basis as PG&E presented.  One PG&E customer, a cement plant, has inquired about PG&E deconning portions of their plant that has PCB's.  PG&E is in discussions with the cement company.   PG&E has informed the cement plant that it will evaluate the success of the filter separators to be installed on the line feeding the cement plant prior to committing to any action.  If the deconning occurs, it will be a 2001 project.  6. Ongoing Consideration of Additional Customer Protection.  Compressor Oil Control.  The majority of liquids collected at strategic sampling locations is compressor oils.  Transwestern has requested access to the PG&E C/S to study lube oil systems.  There are 22 compressors at the Topock and Hinkley C/S's.  Transwestern will conduct a  study of technologies to assist in reducing oil from entering the pipeline system.  Earl will coordinate site visits with Glen Riddle.  7. Other Issues or Concerns.  Earl requested additional information on invoices submitted after January, 2000.  rod will send back up and support data of existing invoices sent to Transwestern.  PG&E is considering increasing gas receipts from Transwestern to 250-300 mmscf/day cap by May 15.  Over time PG&E will look into their C/S configurations to handle the increased gas flows to 450 mm scf/day.  8. Next Steps.  The next meeting was proposed in 45 days.  This time period will allow inspection and operation of the mainline filter separators and collection additional sampling data at new and suspected sampling sites.  The location of the next meeting was tentatively scheduled for Flagstaff AZ on July 13 as some of the PG&E meeting attendees will be in Flagstaff during that week on other business. 
 Thanx George for the update.  Norm would you mind visiting with Ms. Bernacik and explaining to her the difference between the excavation area where the underground tanks were removed and the landfarm area?  If need be we can write her another letter requesting the closure and backfilling of the underground storage tanks.    George Robinson 05/25/2000 04:12 PM 
 Received the "permit by rule" approval for the turbine power unit changeout for the Keystone C/S.  The emissions testing results for the Plains Turbine Station was submitted to the TNRCC.  Discharge renewal applications for C/S No. 9 and Monument Turbine C/S were submitted to the OCD.  Notification to the New Mexico AQB was given for the power turbine changeout at the Atoka No. 2 C/S.  One employee was skill verified for level II environmental  During the routine weekly sampling of the PG&E system, it was discovered that approx. 3 oz of liquid had collected in the new filter separator in the PG&E C/S yard.  A request was made to analyze the liquid for not only PCB's but also pH to determine if the liquids resulted from the caustic and water cleaning of the upstream portion of the pipe leading into the PG&E C/S . This is the first occurance of liquids at this location since this new filter separator was installed and put inot service. 
 The Title V air permit for C/S No. 4 has been issued. There are some requirements and conditions under this permit that the team should be aware of and will be required to comply with.   I would like to visit with the team at their safety meeting in June or july to go over the conditions of the permit.  Please give the the dates in June and July when your next safety meeting is.  This Title V presentation should last about 3 hours.  Thanx 
 Guys, I received Harrell's memo concerning the fuel use for the turbine and the fact that you had to reduce gas producer speeds to comply with the permits fuel use requirements.  My question is, how does the fuel use compare with what Solar says the fuel use should be?  If we can get Solar to provide written guarantees and "UP" the fuel use value for the turbine, we can up the fuel value on the permit.  The state of Colorado perceives increased fuel use beyond manufacturers values as the turbine not operating correctly and in need of mechanical adjustment.  From their eyes, this would be a strong indication of excess emissions, and I think there evaluation would hold some merit.  Anyway, I dont want to send up a red flag to the state of Colorado.  Would you contact Solar and compare their fuel use values with what the monitors say the turbine is burning at La Plata?  Then let me know.  If worse gets to worse, I may be able to use another tactic, but only as a last resort. 
 During the quarterly conference call with SoCal in which we discuss PCB costs on the SoCal system, for which Transwesten is 86% responsible, Ralph Komai, SoCal's PCB person provded some addtional information with respect to what is going on with the PCB activities on the SoCal system.  As a result of the PG&E press release, SoCal management directed additional sampling to be done at their interconnect with Transwestern and downstream of this interconnect. Ralph reported that a number of liquid samples came back at around 7 ppm, however one sample at their Kelso Station, near Barstow,  came back at 77 ppm.  Ralph had indicated that there has been an increase in the PCB's coming into their collection locations in the Needles area as evidenced by the following:  Based upon 1997 data, almost no liquids greater than 50 ppm were revcovered  Data collected in 1998 showed that approx. 8% of the liquids were greater than 50 ppm  Data collected in 1999 showed that approx. 9% of the liquids were greater than 50 ppm  Based upon this, Ralph had stated that SoCal would be collecting additional sampling information and possibly entering into an internal montoring program, somewhat like PG&E is currently doing now.  I had informed Ralph that our Needles M/S facility had seen almost no liquids in the last 5 years, other than a recent accumulation of a one time pigging in early 2000 when a small volume of liquids (less than 55 gallons) had been collected.   We discussed that the accumulations seen on the SoCal system were probably from existing liquids on their system which had collected in low points in their pipeline and were moving downstream due to the increased flows from TW into SoCal.  Ralph gave the impression that there were no immediate management tensions resulting from the recent "hits".  He just indicated that they would be watching their system and sampling at a more frequent basis. 
 Atttended the NMOGA meeting in Farmington, NM.  It appears that the BLM will implement its own noise criteria in areas within New Mexico that are deemed sensitive by the BLM.  The proposed noise threshold will be 48.6 DBA(A). There are no Transwestern facilities in the Farmington resource area which will be impacted by this proposed level, however the potential exists for several Transwestern locations in southeast New Mexico to be impacted.  A meeting was held with the president of Del Mar, concerning the issues associated with the lead in their lead acetate tape for monitoring sulfur concentrations in the natural gas.  A  request  was made to the company to determine the feasability of recycling the tape and eleviate the management and disposal issues associated with the tape as a hazardous waste.  The quarterly SoCal Transwestern PCB conference call was held this week. Transwesten's share (86%) of SoCal's PCB management activities was approx. $79,000.  Due to the press release  by PG&E concerning the increased occurance of PCB's into their system, SoCal has initiated increased sampling activities on their system and will be proposing to do additional monitoring to track liquids from Transwestern's M/S into the SoCal system.  Preliminary sampling results at strategic liquids locations on the SoCal system has revealed hits of PCB's in the range of 7-10 ppm, although, a  hit of 77 ppm was discovered.  As a result of an isolated hit of PCB's into the new filter separator at the PG&E C/S in excess of regulated levels, a  conference call was held the ET&S VP to determine forthcoming activities with PG&E.  A meeting has been scheduled at the PG&E C/S next week to reveiw sampling on the PG&E system and discuss the recent hit of PCB's in the F/S and what forthcoming activities will be conducted at the site. 
 A meeting was held in Laughlin, Nv with PG&E to discuss the liquids which were received and analytical result of 505 ppm which occurred at the PG&E F/S.  Additional discussions centered around the latest migration of PCB's into the PG&E system and control technologies to stop additional migration of PCB's into PCB free portions of their distribution system.  Annual emission fees were paid to the ADEQ for C/S No. 1, Kingman in the amount of  $31,145.26  Annual hazardous waste fees were paid to the DTSC for the facilities that operate in the state California  A  meeting was held in Albuquerque to discuss and apprise involved parties of histoirc and proposed activities for 2000 for the 10 groundwater remediation projects currently being conducted in Texas and New Mexico.  Received a call from the TNRCC about an air quality inspection at the Irion Co. No. 1 C/S on 6/30.  the team was notified and preparations are currently being completed to ensure that all recordkeeping, permits and monitoring reports are onsite during the inspection. 
 Leo, for my weekly report please use the following:  Provided environmental oversight and sampling for the cleaning and decontamination of the filter separator at the PG&E C/S.  Assisted the San Juan team in preparing for the forthcoming consolidated audit in July.  Witnessed the post noise surveys for the Gallup and Bloomfield C/S's which were FERC requirements under the 7C certificate for construction.    Leo Nichols 06/27/2000 06:07 AM 
 As a result of the latest meeting with PG&E over the greater than 500 ppm PCB liquids collection at the PGE Topock C/S filter separator (F/S), presented below is a summary of the deconning and sampling activity which occurred 6/29/00.  Vector was instructed to use a high caustic detergent (Cimclean) as the cleaning agent for removing PCB's from the Topock F/S (50:50 Cimclean:water mixture).  Diesel was not used in the deconning process.  The only equipment cleaned by Vector was the PG&E F/S.  Transwestern's filters in its separator were replaced,  but no cleaning or deconning was perfromed to this unit. The filters were also replaced in the PG&E separator.  The following samples were collected during this project:  On the Transwestern side:  1. Wipes (3) of the interrior body of our filter separator after the filters were removed.  Large areas were wiped to determine presence/absence of PCB's.  (Not 100 sq. cm. sample)  2. A composite sample of a used filter removed from the upstream separator at the Selexol Plant.  The filters appeared to be exceptionally clean  3. Composite sample of the fine powdery rust  which had collected in the bottom of the F/S.   Approximte volume one cup.  4. Composite sample of the used filters from the F/S. Visible appearance of the filters removed from this vessel showed them to be clean and    virtually unstained.  A small discoloration was present on the ends of each filter confirming that the filters were sealed properly in the F/S.  5. A sample of an unused clean stocked filter.  This was a control sample.   On the PG&E side:  1. A liquids sample of the residual in the upstream leg of the Topock filter separator prior to deconning.  Approx. volume one cup  2. Sample of the solids (fine, blackened, powder) which had collected in the F/S.  An estimate of the volume of this material removed form the F/S   prior to deconning was approximately one gallon.  3. Wipe samples (3) of the interrior of the F/S prior to deconning (not 100 cm sq. wipe)  4. Used filter media from the F/S.  The operation of the F/S filters are designed to be a twice pass through of the same filter.  Composite samples were collected of the upstream and downstream portions of the filters.  5. Wipes (3) of the deconned filter separator interrior walls.  The only inconsistency observed during the cleaning and inspection process was the volume and  buildup of the black fine powdery hydrcarbon material which was present in the F/S at the Topock C/S and conspicuously small amount of rust colored material which was present  in Transwestern's F/S .  As previously mentioned, samples were collected of  both materials.  The only difference between the two locations was the color of the materials and the volume.  It is suspected that the deconning activity conducted in August of 99 loosened hydrocarbon solids present in the 1850 feet of pipe which had over time moved and collected in the PG&E F/S.  The small amount of rust materials observed in the Transwestern F/S is the result of the pigging activity from the Selexol Plant into the Transwestern F/S.  I will have reprensentataive samples of both materials.  Photographs  were also taken of the cleaning and inspection activities and will be available for review at the forthcoming meeting in Flagstaff with PG&E. on the 13th of July.  Analytical results will also be completed at this time. 
 When we do the emissions testing at C/S No. 3, Luepp, we should be aware of the positives and negatives.  The positives being the information which Steve and company will collect.  This appears to be a  very useful tool.  There is also is no permit emission limits associated with the permit at this facility.  There also exists the potential to pay lower emissions fees should this investigation show that the emissions from the units to be significantly lower than what was placed into the permit application.  The downside to this effort is that the data we collect may in fact show that our emissions fees which we have been paying actually under estimate those submitted in our application and we would more than likely be held accountable for the difference (1996 to the present).  Additionally, enforcement action could result by the Navajos.  I say this to apprise everyone of the positive and negative potentials involved in completing this study.  From the emission estimates which were placed into the permit application we included a defendable buffer or excess of emissions to account for variations in the temperature, humidity, engine age and poor engine mechanics should they exist.  And finally, we have the unknown of not knowing what the three units actually emit.  These units have never been tested.  This uncertanty in itself may be the driver to know so as not to have a situation which was similar to what happened at Atoka No. 3 several months ago. 
 A meeting was held with the Eunice Team to assign roles and responsibilities for the newly issued Title V air permit for the NNG Eunice C/S.  The permit is similiar to the other title V permits issued to New Mexico faciliites.  Assisted the Gallup Team with the preparation, completion and submittal of the Title V semi anual compliance monitoring report and annual certification report.  The state of New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted an inspection of the Wt-1 C/S.  This inspection is interesting in the fact that all combustion equipment has been removed and dismantled and replaced by electric units. Written notification was submitted to the agency several months ago and a written reply was received from the agency that the facility is exempt from any and all permitting requirements.  A meeting was held with the Artesia Team to assign roles and responsibilities for the newly issued Title V air permit for the Atoka No. 3 C/S.  Also discussed was the permitting approach which will be followed for the approval to install micro pre combustion chambers on two White units which were found to be out of compliance with the air permit emissions limits when the New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted a surprise inspection at the facility. 
 I received a call from Ralph Komai, PCB engineer with SoCal, about a pipeline liquids collection SoCal wants to take at our Needles facility.  Ralph said that SoCal will be undertaking a study on their pipeline to determine why the concentration and liquids volume of PCB's has reduced into their system in the past couple of  years (97-2000). I shared with Ralph and up until this year, we have not had liquids at the Needles facility since 1994.  He stated that they have seen reduced concentrations and are curious as to why this trend is occurring (sounds like good news to me).  He said that their data shows the following:  1998 liquids concentrations  only 1% regulated at the federal level  1999 liquids concentrations only 8% regulated at the federal level  Ralph has requested that SoCal be allowed to collect a  liquids sample at the Needles M/S and I have contacted the Needles team about assisting SoCal with the collection.  I would expect that this may have implications with respect to slight increased billing for analytical charges that SoCal will be charging us for and we reveiw on a quarterly basis with them. 
 Louie/John, this memo summerizes the results of the environmental due diligence which was performed on the Texas Panhandle and Cortez, Colorado portions of Equilon pipline system for which EOTT may be interested in purchasing.  This memo presents those environmental issues which may be or were identified as a potential environmental concern.  Lefors (Texas Panhandle Segment)  Assets on this portion of the system which may have environmental  issues were the following:  1-80,000 bbl. liquids product storage tank, 41 small tank batteries consisting of 1-3 product storage tanks each.  Average tank size is 210 bbl.  Approximately 15 tank locations are within 1/4 mile of an existing waterway.  There are stream and river crossings included in this package.  The pipeline crossings viewed appeared to have sufficient  soil coverage and did have block valves on the upstream and downstream portions of the pipeline crossings.  1. Clean Air Act.  There were no records kept at any office or location which would assist in the determination of compliance with Title III, or Title V. The  following documents were not present:  emissions inventories and or records of fees paid, O&G MACT compliance (HAP's),  operating permits.  NSPS Supart Kb compliance could not be determined also.  The 80,000 bbl tank construction date was in the 1930's and has a fixed roof.  It has a concrete bottom and the  tank has never been emptied for inspection.  No  Railroad Commission 653 inspection has ever been conducted.  2. Clean Water Act.  Although soil berm and containments were present around all tanks that were inspected, SPCC plans were not available at any location.   Interviews with the Equilon personnel stated that there had never been a reportable release from this tank.  In addition, location Texaco MB Davis pump  station had a small 3'x4' UST which received liquids from leaking packing material which had overflowed and visible soil staining was present. At this  location a T-stand pipe had been constructed into the soil berm to allow discharge of rainwater from the containment area.  This water discharged into  an ephermal arroyo which ultimately collects into the North Fork of the Red River, a perennial stream.  3. NESHAPS.  At the Lefors Station, there exists several joints of new and used pipe which is suspected of having external coating and pipe wrapping containing asbestos.  4. NORMS.  A NORM survey has not been conducted on any portion of the assets which are identified in the bid package.  5. Soil Staining.   There was minor soil staining at all locations inspected.  6. There is one active groundwater remediation in progress identified as the "10 mile hole".  Equilon will retain ownership of this issue.  There had been two  pipeline remediation projects for which Equilon had reported to the TRRC and had remediated the site.  7. TSCA.  One electrical transformer was discovered at the Lefors Station. It had been tested and determined to not have PCB's.  8. Safe Drinking Water Act.  There was an abandoned drinking water well at the Lefors Station.  It had not been in service for an undetermined period of time.  9. RCRA.  There was an abandoned out of service Fox boro meter at the Lefors Station.  Status of the potential releases of mercury could not be visibally determined.  Bug-Patterson Gathering System (Cortez, Colorado)  This system includes the following:  Lady Bug Station  minor incidental equipment at this location.  1. There were no environmental issues at this site from assets owned by Equilon.  Adjacent to this site was a producer site which had been blowing hydrocarbon liquids into an earthern unlined pit.  There was historic use of this pit.  Although surface contamination from this pit was present, it was not  known whether subsurface soil and groundwater conditions underlying the Equilon assets had been impacted.  Patterson Station 1-10,000 bbl floating roof steel product storage tank with fiberglass bottom, installation date 1981, one propane driven waukesha F817GU engine horsepower unknown,  1. Clean Air Act.  There were no records kept at any office or location which would assist in the determination of compliance with Title III, or Title V or the  construction permit notification process administered by the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment.  The  following documents were not  present:  emissions inventories and or records of fees paid, O&G MACT compliance (HAP's),  operating or construction permits.  NSPS subpart Kb compliance could not be determined.   Determination of the permitting status for the six cylinder Waukesha could not be determined.  2. Clean Water Act.  Although soil berm and containments were present, an SPCC plan was not available at this location.  Interviews with the Equilon personnel stated that there had never been a reportable release from this tank.  Rainwater which collected into the containment was discharged into an ephermal arroyo by a pipe constructed into and through the dirt containment.  3. NORMS.  A NORM survey has not been conducted on any portion of the assets which are identified in the bid package.  4. Minor soil staining was present around the 10,000 bbl tank.  5. Adjacent to this site was a producer site which had been blowing hydrocarbon liquids into an earthern unlined pit.  There was historic use of this pit.   Although surface contamination from this pit was present, it was not known whether subsurface soil and groundwater conditions underlying the Equilon assets had been impacted.  Patterson Junction  1-10,000 bbl floating roof steel product storage tank with fiberglass bottom installation date 1987. Electrical pumps were present to transfer liquids from the 10,000 bbl tank to the truck loading facilities.  1. Clean Air Act.  There were no records kept at any office or location which would assist in the determination of compliance with Title III, or Title V or the  construction permit notification process administered by the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment.  The  following documents were not  present:  emissions inventories and or records of fees paid, O&G MACT compliance (HAP's),  operating or construction permits.  NSPS subpart Kb compliance could not be determined.   Determination of the permitting status for the six cylinder Waukesha could not be determined.  2. Clean Water Act.  Although soil berm and containments were present, an SPCC plan was not available at this location.  Interviews with the Equilon personnel stated that there had never been a reportable release from this tank.  Rainwater which collected into the containment was discharged into an ephermal arroyo by a pipe constructed into and through the dirt containment.  3. NORMS.  A NORM survey has not been conducted on any portion of the assets which are identified in the bid package.  4. Minor soil staining was present around the 10,000 bbl tank and transfer pumps.  5. A small bucket had been placed into the ground, below ground surface to collect liquids from meter.   Cortez Office.  In the office yard, several environmental issues were present and are listed as follows:  old spent 12 volt batteries empty drums open buckets containing oil and oilfield sludge  The  pipeline stream crossing at the Montezuma Creek  showed the pipeline to be exposed in the bottom of the creek for a distance of approx. 12 feet. There were block valves on the upstream and downstream segments of this crossing.                 and the equipment in the Cortez office building. 
 I want to bring interrested parties up to date on the issue of replacing the fuel mixers with carbuerators at  the Spraberry Plant.  It seems that this replacement was performed ONLY as a fuel savings activity and that there would be no increase in emissions or horsepower as a result.  According to the TNRCC, they will allow this activity provided that the above is true and that we prove that emissions and horsepower will not increase.  To do this they have requested that we conduct an emissions test on one of the units with the mixer on and then with the carbuerator on as a condition of their approval.  IE before and after testing.  I am going to request that we be allowed to do the testing with a portable emissions tester, which has been verified in side by side testing on New Mexico units as opposed to bringing in a third party referenced testing company.  Contractor testing runs about $3-5,000.  A condition of all permitting issues is that the carbs are not supposed to be installed on the units (preconstruction) until approval has been given by the agency.  In this case, we will be allowed to install a carbuerator on the one unit to be tested but not on all units.  Should testing show other exceedances (emissions or Hp) in addition to fuel savings, this will trigger actions requiring perimtting.  Under the circumstances, I think it would be in the best interest of NNG to know for certain that we have not violated the grandfather status of the units and that if our activity requires permitting, we comply immediately.  I am sending out the letter request to the TNRCC today.  If approved, we should test ASAP.  Remember, that sampling ports in the exhaust stack of the unit to be tested will need to be constructed prior to testing.  Let me know if the Team will need a diagram showing the sampling port locations. 
 Approval was received from the Texas Railroad Commission to discontinue groundwater monitoring at the Pucket Plant.  As you may remember, Transwestern constructed a permitted landfill to dispose of the entire facility near Ft. Stockton.  Groundwater montioring activities have been ongoing since aprox. 1988.  A permit condition states that if three years of groundwater sampling data confirms that the groundwater protection standard has not been exceeded, the groundwater monitoring activities can be terminated.  A letter from Leslie Savage granting this approval was received on July 14, 1999.  Ken Gray, all other conditions of the permit are still in effect (noxious weed and mesquite control, monthly site inspections recordkeeping etc.....). Continue to keep the records accurate and up to date.  I anticipate that we will be required to monitor  and conduct housekeeping activities at the site indefinately. 
 A phase I due diligence was completed for EOTT on two liquids pipeline segments in the Texas Panhandle and in Northwestern Colorado.  The assets are owned by Equilon Pipeline Company.  A copy of the findings have been submitted to Legal.  There were some deficiencies and potential liabilities discovered as a result of this activity.  Assisted the Roswell team in the preparation and completion of the 6 month and 12 Title V certification reports for the Roswell C/S.  No deficiencies or non compliance issues were identified for this 12 month period.  Annual certification reports were submitted to the TNRCC for 3 Transwestern and 8 Northern Natural Gas C/S in west Texas.  There wer no deficiencies or non compliance issues identified for any of the 11 facilities during this 12 month period.  The TNRCC reviewed the emissions testing report for the NNG Plains C/S and requested modification to the original report submitted.  The testing contractor was contacted and  a revised report was submitted to the agency. 
 I received word from the TNRCC that they will allow a portable emissions test at the Spraberry C/S to confirm that the replacement of the fuel mixers with carbureators will not cause an increase in emissions.  I will send out the letter today to the TNRCC reqesting written approval to do the testing.  I would strongly recommend that the Spraberry Team have the sampling ports installed on the unit that they select to be tested and have this testing completed ASAP.  Remember, the unit selected must be tested with the fuel mixer on and then remove the mixer and conduct a test with the carbureator on.  Whoever performs the portable emissions testing will need to ensure that we follow a portocol that I will submit to the state. 
 Max, I spoke to Pete Metzner of METRIC Corporation about the status of the environmental assessment you need for the above project and he said that he has received the packet you sent him but he needs to have additional clearification on some items which are pertinant for completing the EA.  Mr. Metzner was concerned that he would not be able to complete the EA by the specified time unless he discussed these issues with you.  METRIC has extensive experience with environmental assessments, but is not familiar with pipeline terminology and pipeline actions proposed uder the agreement with the Office of Pipeline Safety.  When you get a chance, would you please contact Pete at (505) 828-2801.  Thanks. 
 Particpated in a Consolidated audit of two facilities on the Northern Border Pipeline system.  Very few items of concern were identified.  Submitted to the state of Texas Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests.  Submitted to the state of Arizona Shpo annual blanket renewal requests.  Submtted to the state of New Mexico Shpo and Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests.  A natural gas relase of 1.57MMscf was reported to the state of New Mexico and Houston GPG for a line lowering in an agricultural area.  The quarterly Transwestern SoCal PCB conference meeting was held. Transwestern's share of PCB activities on the SoCal system at 86% was $122,867. 
 George, Ive read through your stuff on the Gomez remediation and need some help.  Why are we collecting so much groundwater.  Im concerned that charges for twice weekly disposal may be perceived as excessive, even though the costs are reasonable.  Are we trying to dewater or what?  Other than that, I dont mind ensuring the protection of the upstream spring and think we should get busy on the well installations.  Do you think this will do it with respect to no more wells needed.  Id like to get to that position as quickly as possible. 
 Dennis, see attached          Dennis Howell 10/04/2000 02:17 PM 
 This is a message from Kerry.  I just converted and moved Larry Campbell (lcampbe) to the W2K server.  He uses ESIS.  I successfully converted the tables and have the links corrected (logged in as kgramse), however Larry cannot use the system.  I received a message while logged in as Larry stating that the data/application was "Read-Only" when I attempted to re-link the tables.  Please check the permissions on GTROS-FS01P\APPSRW  Thanks,  Kerry 
 I received a call from a permit engineer with the Arizona Dept. of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) concerning the issue of notification of mechanical activities at C/S 2  Flagstaff and a mandatory 7 day wating period for agency review and approval.   Due to the urgency of the C/S 2 work being performed, I had written a notification to the agency friday evening requesting approval to initiate the activities detailed in the scope of work which was included with the letter.  On Monday, the engineer called and said that he had read the letter and had no problems with the activity proceeding at the C/S.  After we had discussed this issue at some length, I posed the question to him of whether it was necessary to notify the agency of mechanical and maintenace activities which  will not impact or change a combustion units throughput, fuel use, emissions, horsepower, or cause a change in design.  After some discussions I informed him that Transwestern will probably inundate the agency with notification letters, he stated that as long as the engines operating parameters would not change, ( horsepower, emissions, throughput, fuel use etc), and the burden of responsibility will rest on Transwestern to ensure that no permit conditions are violated, he stated that we may proceed with these types of activities in Arizona without any notification to the agency.  The only hitch being, that when Transwestern does a major mechanical activity, which would cost more than  25-30% of the cost of replacing a unit, that we provide them a courtesy notification.  I told them we would apprise them of such an activity..... 
 Lorraine, I dont have a problem with continuation of this sampling, but we better hear from our conservative tight fisted attorney first.... 
 Bill, Just a short note to let you know whats going on at Bakersfield.  I have spoken to the agency inspector about one of the NOV issues and have been told that EOTT will definately receive a an NOV and fine for failure to conduct the emissions testing on a heater that apparently should have been tested approx. 6 months ago.  With repsect to the other NOV issue, Rick Suderman had a testing company in to perform emissions testing on another heater which was required to be tested by today.  As the testing contractor began his testing, an 02 issue developed with the equipment the testing company was using and a miscommunication on the part of the testing contractor was directed to Rick.  As a result,  the  the inspector observed elevated CO readings from the heater that  Rick had made adjustments in the heater set points (based upon recommendations from the contractor) causing the elevated CO readings to result.  The inspector stated that the facility would receive another NOV for this exceedance.   In any event this isssue was NOT Rick's fault and was due to some bad communication on the part of the contractor.  We have sent the testing company home and will be bringing in another testing company (AEROS) on thursday.  This is the contractor who has done the majority of the previous emissions testing for the facility to complete the heater testing and substantiate the innaccuracy of the first testing company's data.  With this new data, we shold be able to demonstrate inaccuracy in the first testing company's QA/QC.  It should also be mentioned that we have identified other environmental issues which we should discuss at your convenience.  Butch and I will have completed the permit compliance investigataion and be available for discussions on friday.    William Kendrick 01/10/2001 07:53 AM 
 A 2:00 pm central  time conference call has been scheduled to discuss the most recent PCB analytical results for the Topock Lateral.  Your attendance is requested.   The dial in number is   877-795-3687.  Access code is 395119.  Bob Iverson has been notified by phone and will be in attendance. 
 I wanted to present this summary of the meeting Transwestern had with representatives of the Laguna Pueblo concerning the status of the PCB remediation activities by TW.  On the Laguna side were members of the Laguna pueblo, the PEOP a  technical oversight group that provides expertise and assistance on technical issues for all of the 19 pueblos in New Mexico (ranging from UST to superfund), and members of ETS ( 5 members of the Laguna team, Butch Russell, Rick Smith  (advisor for the Laguna team), myself)  and George Robinson.   This is the third meeting we had in the last year and a half with this group since the Lagunas have started showing renewed interest in environmental activities on their pueblo.  The meeting centered around two issues at the site: the closure of the UST and the PCB remediation activity.  With respect to the first, concensus was reached that we would continue monitoring and collecting groundwater samples at the two downstream well locations from the UST site on a quarterly basis, and send the results to POEP for review.  With repsect to the PCB remediation issue, things were a little different. The POEP representatives expressed concern on behalf of the Laguna tribal Coucil that the progress of the remediation activities Transwestern is presently using to bring closure to the site is not showing positive goals toward  achieving cleanup at the site and that the data submittals to the Lagunas have verified this.  They indicated that that have been patient with Transwstern's attempts to allow natural attenuation to reduce the PCB contamination, but based upon the historic sampling results, that this technology is not proving to be very successful, in fact the results have shown stagnant results  (Im using their words).  They would like to see Transwestern implement other more proactive technologies to arrive at cleanup and closure of this site.   Members of the Laguna pueblo, who work for the POEP,  expressed concern that the PCB contamination could negatively impact future generations of Lagunas members and that it was the responsibility of Transwestern to clean up the contamination which they brought onto their lands.   One member of the Laguna pueblo called the contamination a "cancer" with potential to spread.   A comment was made by the POEP that there was a major potential of increasing the magnitude and spread of the contamination if we continue to just maintain  our present approach of just monitoring the site and installing additional wells..  A member of the POEP has been in contact with a consortum of individuals from North Dakota State University, (Energy and Environmental Research Center) who claim to be experts in reclamation of contaminated sites which are considered difficult to remediate (this site would certainly fall into this category due to the presence of the sandstone bedrock which has numerous cracks and channels present which direct  the PCB containing liquids present at the site).  Although the POEP was not recommending Transwestern utilize their service, they did strongly suggest that we should at least discuss this site with them.  It shold also be mentioned that Syed Risvi, the POEP Superfund representative was at this meeting.  He had mentioned that the  POEP has been in discussions with EPA Region VI concerning potential classification of the site on the CERCLIS list of sites for inclusion on the NPL..  He had indicated that he did not want to see this site included on the list, but stated that Transwetern needed to update and show postive results in our remediation efforts and that it was the tribal councils opinion that this was not being done.  At the conclusion of the meeting, I informed the POEP that Transwestern's internal remediation group  would contact the NDSU group and discuss the site characteristics with them and we would reprot back to them the results of our discussions.  This seemed to satisify the  POEP and they were content with this.  John, I would like to schedule a conference call with the above list of people and discuss this issue.  A couple of things I want to bring out. First, we will be undergoing ROW and Compressor Station renewals with the Lagunas in the near future.  Second, on the Laguna tribal lands, they have experienced other releases of contimation and are currently very sensitive to this whole  contamination problem.  Although we are considered by the POEP as proactive up to this point  and very easy to work with (direct quote from the POEP)   they are wanting a more proactive and measurable effort from Transwestern to clean up the PCBs. Please get back with me on this. 
 This is a short note to apprise those that the before and after emissions testing for the fuel valves and carbuerator at  the Spraberry C/S has been submitted to t he TNRCC.   The data showed fuel savings, as we had hoped it would and we also received an emissions reduction benefit.  According to the agency, this replacement activity will not require an amendment to the permit, which will be a plus for the company.  My compliments to all involved for the retesting and efforts it took to make this happen.  I will forward the response from the TNRCC as it is received. 
 Rick, Terry had informed me that Solar had trouble with this unit in making its emissions guarantees, prior to shipping it to La Plata.  I was not aware of this when I permitted the unit.a couple of years ago. In an attempt to solve the problem, in November,  I had submitted a modification to the permit to the state of Colorado  requesting additional emissions as it appears the unit exceeds its permitted levels during the colder months.  I received a call form the state of Colorado and they said they are hesitant to approve of more emissions for us.  We reached an agreement with the state that they would remove the pound per hour limit and keep the ton per year requirement in an attempt to give us more operating room (the higher emissions months would be balanced by the warmer months which produce less emissions. However, after Terry went through the calculations we were still exceeding the permitted emission limits when we calculated yearly limits.  I dont know if Solar might have sold us a bill of goods but based upon emisisons calculations, the unit cant stay under the emissions guarantees that Solar promised.   We have notified the state of Colorado, as the permit requires and Im sure they will be following up on this.   Let me know what Solar says.......    Team San-Juan-LaPlata  01/24/2001 11:08 AM 
 see attached  save for thursday 
 Ed the 6" project you are talking about is a small project independant of Rogas where a 6"line will be constructed from North Coles and run above ground, if possible, to a tie in approx. 1 mile away.  We will need a waiver for this.  There  wont be any by pass crossing concerns and  only ocal notifications due to the efforts to run the pipe above ground.  The reason for constructing above ground is to minimize surface disturbance.  Im sure that one of the conditions of the approval for this construction actiivty is that EOTT wil be required to maintain integrity of the pipeline to ensure no releases.....inspections, reporting etc....  Ill keep you in the loop on this..... 
 John, I had asked Randi to complete an annual report for the F&G 2081 permit, as I did not want to have this hang over our head when EOTT's 2081 application was reviewed.  This may be the annual report that were talking about.  As you remember, the 2081 requires an annual report for activities conducted for the prior year and it is due by Jan 10th of every year.  It was not been submitted for 1999 or  2000.  Because Randi has been personally involved in all construction activities at the North Coles Levee facility, I thought she would be the prime person to complie the reports for us and then we would submit.  If this is the annual report everyone is talking about, then, yes, I instructed her to do these, primarily, because she has been involved since the get go and she has the information.  She has also promised the reports to me by 2/15 for sumibttal to the F&G.    John Shafer 02/05/2001 04:09 PM 
 John, this is a short note to let you know where we stand on the  7 mile pipeline construction Rogas Project with respect to environmental  permitting and approvals.  The following documents and applications have been submitted to the agencies:  California fish and game 1603 application  Kern County Floodplain Management Agency-encroachment application  US COE 404 Nationwide permit- preconstruction notification  Reclamation Board- encroachment application  Califonia State Fire Marshall-waiver to install aboveground pipeline  Office of Pipeline Safety-waiver to Install aboveground pipeline  I am checking to see what state requirements there are for SHPO clearances for this project.  I would suspect that they would  want us to do a field survey prior to construction.  It seems that every Califonia state and county agency is a candidate for notification or approval.   Ill keep you apprised...... 
 John, I have attached the site characteristics for the 4 locations in Az. where Transwestern plans to install the four RB211's.  With this information please provide emissions quarantees for each location (sta. 1-4).  We will use the same gas quality for each location.  I have a meeting with the agency on the 26th of Feb. and would greaatly appreciate the guarantees prior to this date.  If possible, I am going to try and permit each site for 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the 25 ppm NOx number, so I would appreciate your assistance in this also.    Date-Time: 02/15/01 11:09  Analysis Time:   230  Cycle Time:   240 Stream: 1  Mainline        Mode: ANLY      Cycle Start Time: 11:05 Analyzer: Ndl - 8501       Strm Seq:1 Company: Enron Transportation & Storage SN: 385247  Component        Mole    BTU    Relative Name        Percent  Gross   Density C6+ 50/50/00       0.0422     2.17   0.0014 PROPANE            0.4186    10.56   0.0064 i-BUTANE           0.0631     2.06   0.0013 n-BUTANE           0.0930     3.04   0.0019 NEOPENTANE         0.0000     0.00   0.0000 i-PENTANE          0.0290     1.16   0.0007 n-PENTANE          0.0235     0.94   0.0006 NITROGEN           0.6117     0.00   0.0059 METHANE           95.3741   965.47   0.5283 CARBON DIOXIDE     1.5388     0.00   0.0234 ETHANE             1.8061    32.03   0.0188 TOTALS           100.0000  1017.44   0.5885  '*' indicates user-defined components  Compressibility Factor (1/Z) @ 14.73000 PSIA & 60.0 DEG.F= 1.00213  Base Pressures              14.73000 ------------------------------------ Gross Dry BTU             =  1019.61  Corrected/Z Real Relative Density Gas =   0.5895 Unnormalized Mole Percent =  100.113  sta. 1  sta. 2  sta. 3  sta.4  Elevation    5164  7240  5000  7334  ambient temperature range  10-115F  -10-115F 0-105F  -10-100F  loading range    40-100% 40-100% 40-100% 40-100%  humidity range    31-97%  16-80%  20-90%  30-97% 
 John, Lou, Cutty, Bill, I want to bring this issue back up for your attention, as I know that everyone is very busy.  During the EPA Title V inspection at the Laguna C/S this past week, Barbara Bernacek, the Laguna environmental person was present.  She had been asked to be there by the EPA.  During our tour of the facility, she casually asked if any progress or decision had been made by Enron management towards remediation assistance in the groundwater issue at the Laguna C/S.  I had informed her that we were still actively discussing this issue and would contact her in the near future concerning management's decision.  I would appreciate it very much if each of you would revisit my memo below and  then lets discuss what should be done and the approach we should take in addressing the Laguna's concern about a proactive approach to reaching cleanup and closure. 
 Bill,  the baseline noise surveys, which have been completed, were performed by Hoover and Keith out of Houston, Tx.  I have a meeting scheduled with the permit engineers from state of Arizona on Monday to discuss the permitting for the two C/S on state lands.  Ive dealt with these individuals before, but the ADEQ has gone through some reg changes and I want to visit with them on that.  After that meeting, I will decide who should do the applications.  I have  calls in to the person I deal with in the EPA in San Francisco for the two locations on the Navajo lands.  Pending the outcome of each  meeting, I will decide who to use.  Ive used Argent in the past for both Arizona permits and Indian lands permits, and they would probably be my first choice.  I am keeping Mr. Ayers involved in the permitting process and all changes or activities that impact the permits for Arizona.  One thing that I shold mention is that I spoke with Phil Lowery about his desires for this project. He has requested that the existing units at each station maintain operations for six months after the turbines have been installed to act as a backup in the event that the turbines temporary fail or to iron out any potential kinks.  Based upon the reduction in emissions from the existing mainline units, which will be permitted for a six month period, there will still be an overall  major emissions decrease.  After the six month period, the existing units will be abandoned in place and not be operated again.    Also, my intent is to permit these turbines at 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the lower 25 ppm NOx number to eleminate the problems that were originally encountered on the Northern Border system.  If this was a new station, I probably wouldnt be allowed to use the 45 number, but seeing as how there will be a major decrease in emissions from shutting off the recips and using the turbine, this should be easy to do.  The differrence in emission between 45 and 25 is not that great and it will allow the facilities in Az a larger range of operation comfort as opposed to the 25 ppm number that Rolls says they can do, but has had trouble reaching.  One thing that has complicated the permitting is the elevation and temperature extremes at the locations.  By permitting at 45 ppm, this will greatly help this.     Ill share the emissions numbers with you, when I receive them from Rolls and the emissions info I have from the existing units.  I have spoken to Terry Hacket about doing the F-1 document for the FERC submittal, and have been feeding him data and supporting information for the report.  Based upon the scope of work for the turbine installation, the F-1 report will be completed by March 1.  Is there something Ive missed? 
 A 2:00 pm central time conference call has been scheduled to discuss the most recent analytical results from the Topock Lateral PCB sampling.  Your attendence is requested for this call.  the dial in number is 877-795-3687. Conference code 395119.  Bob Iverson's name could not be found in tha Lotus directory but has been contacted via phone and will be in attendence. 
 This is a gentle reminder, and Im sure that most are aware, but under no circumstances is there to be any construction activiy initiated for the turbine installation at the four mainline compressor stations, until the air construction permits are issued by the applicable air agency.  Construction activity is defined, but is not limited to roads, trenching activity, buildings, electrical poles etc.  The state and federal agencies take a very dim view on initiating any attempts to initiate construction prior to approval.  This approval is considered to be the air permit authorizing construction of the proposed activity.  Your assistance in this compliance issue will be greatly apprecaited.   Data generation and agency consultations are now in progress to expidite the permit submittals.  Should you need further clarification, give me a call (505) 625-8022 or via e-mail. 
 Thanx, George.  Please let us know what their initial reaction and evaluation is of the conditions at Sta. 6.  Im interested in what their thoughts are with respect to the remediation of  the sandstone fractures and movement of condensate with PCB's..    George Robinson 02/21/2001 01:46 PM 
 Rich, thanx for the sampling update.  Ill pass it along to the apropriate parties.  A cursory look at the data shows it to be inconsistently up and down, as expected, with no glaring increases.  Anything urgent we need to discuss? 
 I wanted to let everyone know that the meeting between Southwest Gas and SoCal concerning presence of PCBs on the Southwest Gas system will be this tuesday.  I had an opportunity to speak with Ralph Komai today during the PCB quarterly management conference call  that Transwestern has with SoCal to discuss PCB related invoices.  As a brief summary, Southwest has had isolated hits of PCB in liquids (232 and 132 ppm) and in wipe tests (10-100 ug/wipe) in regulators on their system and they have asked Ralph if he would assist them in the management and disposal of PCBs on their system.  He wil also be providing thoughts on how and why PCBs move in a gas pipeline.  I had asked Ralph not to mention about Transwestern's agreement with SoCal for which Transwestern pays SoCal for 86% of their PCB costs.  I had asked him to only focus on the Southwest system.  Apparently Southwest is not up to speed with the PCB regualtions, however, enough so that they do realize that the mega rule will impact their operations and Ralph will probably provide input for that as well from an LDC standpoint.  I asked Ralph whether Southwest seemed excited or worried about the PCB discovery on their system and he indicated that they were more concerned about compliance with the PCB regulations.  Ralph said he will let me know the results of the meeting. 
 Mr. Stewart, as per you voice mail request to me on Feb. 20, 2001, attached is the correspondance concerning the reqeust to replace the mixing valves with carbuerators at the Northern Natural Gas, Spraberry Plant.   The players in this activity included Jon Fields of Argent Consulting.  Due to the fact that the pre testing data for the emissions from the mixing valves and the post testing data for emissions from the carbuerators were received in hard copy only, I am not able to provide this as an attachment.  This data was, however, sent to you via fed-x on January 24, 2001.  If needed, I can resubmit the results of the data for your review.   As expected, the emissions levels did decrease when the carbs were installed.  Please reveiw the attached correspondance concerning the request to replace the mixing valves at the Spraberry Plant (TNRCC account No. ML-0022-W) with carbuerators without requiring involvement of a permitting activity.  Thank you for your consideration in this issue. 
 Mr. Stewart, as per your voice mail request on Feb. 20, 2001, attached find the correspondance relating to the request of replacing the existing mixing valves with carburetors at the Northern Natural Gas, Spraberry Plant.  In this discussion, Jon Fields of Argent Consulting was involved.  I have attached for your review the letter requests from Northern to you and the e-mails which were traded back and forth from yourself and Argent.  The results of the pre testing emissions with the mixing valves on and the post testing of the emissions with the carburetors on were mailed to you on Jan. 20, 2001.  The testing results were compiled in hard copy form and are not included with this submittal, but can be resubmitted if requested.  Your favorable request in this replacement activity is requested. 
 Arnold, I think I will pass on the meeting.  Please apprise me of anything I may need to know from the meeting.  To bring you up to date on the environmental events of the turbine approvals in Arizona,  I received the rough draft of the baseline noise survey and you were copied.  As discussed, we should address changes to the documents as the contractor has made some obvious conclusions and asumptions which are not valid or representative of what we would like to do or not do.  I was contacted by the Navajo Nation and they have requested that we do onsite surveys at the C/S on the reservation (C/S 3 and 4)  for T&E plants and animals and archeology.  I have contacted a contractor and they will be on site to do the surveys at both stations.  I am planning on having the entire C/S facility surveyed at both locations as there has not been a pin point location established as yet for all the construction and ground disturbance which will take place.  In the event there might be changes after the survey is completed, surveying the entire facility will keep us from having the new distrubance areas surveyed after the original survey was completed.  The F-1 environmental document for the FERC application will be submitted to Donna by this friday.   The air permit applications for C/S 1 and 2 have been started.   I have a meeting with EPA in San Francisco to discuss permitting the C/S facilities on the reservation on 3/20.  Im going to try and move this meeting up if possible.  After the meeting, I should be able to have an application in front of the Navajo air permitting agency and the EPA within a week.  Based upon experience with the state of Arizona, EPA and the Navajo Nation, expect permit approval within 5-7 months after submittal of the application. 
 I was just informed by the Navajo Nation that prior to receiving approval from the agency fo rthe installation of the turbines, an archeology survey is to be performed at each compressor station site.  Be advised that an archeologist will be present at sta. 3 on 3/ 9 this friday in the am and at sta. 4 on 3/12 monday also in the am to conduct the required surveys.  Please have someone from each team present at each location during the surveys and allow access to the facility by the archeologist.  The survey should only last 3-4 hours.  Donna, I spoke to the Navajo Nation about expiditing the report submittal once the archeological surveys have been completed and the Nation  said that under their current regulations, assuming that there are no cultural resources identified at either location, they are allowed 30 days to review the findings before they are required to issue the final report.  She didnt think it would take this long, but said that due to existing surveys back logs, and personnel, it might.  Ill keep the pressure on.  The Navajo Nation F&W has not returned my call about what they might require.  Birds of a feather...  Ill be persistent here also.......and let you know when I find out something.......... 
 Bill, things have pretty much quieted down on Rogas as compared to the last couple of weeks, but heres whats new:  A meeting has been scheduled on 3/16 with the California Fish and Game to discuss the following issues:  1)presentaiton of the 1999 and 2000 annual reports which are required by the facility's 2081 permit. 2) developing an agreement with F&G as to how the 41 acre credits held by EOTT will be managed to ensure compliance with requirements of the F&G. 3) Presentation of the results relating to surveys conducted in the path of construction for the Rogas project.  The waiver to lay pipeline above ground for the Rogas constsruction was approved by the Offfice of the State Fire Marshall, Pipeline Safety Division.  There were 8 city, county, state and federal agencies notified by application for approval to construct the 9 mile pipline system consisting of 3 piplines.  This is the only agency approval received as yet.  Acre credits were obtained from Aera for the construction of the Rogas pipeline.  Aera is an oil company with major holdings of acreage available for purchase.  It was felt that due to the time constraints for initiating this project and the concern with not receiving the credits from the F&G that EOTT would purchase Aera credits to ensure procurement of the necessary acreage for the Rogas project.  This is a major plus for the project. 
