arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
  Monika Causholli 2240 North Boulevard #5205 Houston, Texas 77098 (713) 807-1039 mcausholli@hotmail.com (preferred) EDUCATION BS in Financial Services/Business Administration, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon Overall GPA 3.91/4.00. Minor: Political Science/International Affairs.   WORK EXPERIENCE   Financial Analyst/Researcher                Enron North America/Industrial Markets Houston, TX 6/01- Present  ?	Analyzed the financial condition of pulp and paper companies by carefully reading through their financial statements and drawing the conclusion of their financial health. Based on the results of the analysis, prepared company reports for the origination team. ?	Supported the team of originators and traders by gathering data on the pulp market, preparing presentations, doing analysis on the prices and other market variables. Wrote a weekly newsletter with the most important information that included a market commentary. Built and completed the spreadsheets that contain all the market data for pulp. The spreadsheets helped the spot/financial traders to evaluate market conditions and make trading decisions.    Real Time Trader/Analyst                     Enron North America Portland, Oregon 6/00-6/01  ?	Researched the variables that affect the hourly electricity market including temperatures, planned and forced outages of generating units, loads and CISO expost prices resulting in an informed opinion about that day's trading options. ?	Looked for opportunities to create value based on the research. Raised up to $100,000 a day by following the market closely, taking advantage of the arbitrage opportunities between the different markets, and making use of transmission available to send power to various points. ?	Ran the El Paso Electric Utility during the off peak hours and weekends by matching the load (demand) with the supply and making the necessary decisions to run the system reliably by following the WSCC requirements on spin and nonspin requirements.   Summer Intern                                       Enron Capital & Trade Analyst Program	                       Portland, Oregon 6/99-9/99  ?	Researched and graphed the historical temperatures for the Pacific Northwest, the Desert Southwest, and Rocky mountain and tried to find the correlation between the temperatures and energy load (demand). ?	Co-designed the load-forecasting model for the Pacific Northwest, Desert Southwest and Rocky Mountains in a course of three months. ?	Compiled the daily information for the term and cash traders including the historical temperatures graphs for California, daily forecasted load, and gas prices.   Financial Analyst 		         Edicom sh.p.k. Assistant		                       Tirana, Albania 6/98-9/98  ?	Calculated revenues, expenses, interest payments and cash flows for over ten investment projects including apartment buildings and a business center. ?	Translated business letters including memos and proposals from Italian/Albanian to English.   COMPUTER SKILLS Software: Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel   FOREIGN LANGUAGES Albanian    Native Fluency Italian    Near-Native Fluency   MAIN STRENGTHS:  Good analytical skills, detail oriented, a hard-worker, ambitious, a fast-learner, good writing skills, enthusiastic. 
 Thanks! this is better. Did you by any chance start working on the large map? Monika 
 The good news in terms of pricing is that consumption rose this month by 16%, and higher consumption levels will deplete inventories and consumers will need to replace those inventories faster. Hopefully consumption will continue to grow over the next several months.  Monika 
 Count me too! 
   Karen,  Attached is the Tissue Summary. Thanks, Monika 
 Doug,  Why is the map cut off at the top? Can you fix this so that it shows all of it?  thanks, Monika 
 San Francisco, Oct. 18, 2001 (Forestweb) - Weyerhaeuser Co. will increase t= he U.S. price of its northern bleached softwood kraft (NBSK) price by $20/t= onne to $500/tonne effective Nov. 1, according to a buyer source. Another b= uyer source said Weyerhaeuser has increased his price by $20/tonne on the s= awdust pulp that he buys, "and I assume on the others." Weyerhaeuser offici= als were not available for comment. Weyerhaeuser has been the lone holdout = at the U.S. price of $480/tonne for Oct. 1, when other North American produ= cers went to $500/tonne. The competitors have complained that Weyerhaeuser'= s price was a drag on their efforts. Producers and buyers alike have said t= hat $500/tonne has been a hard sell in October, partly because of the marke= t, but also because demand has been so slow. A number of sources say NBSK i= s at $480/tonne for October, though a few are paying the $500/tonne price. = "I don't think we will pay $500 (in November)," a buyer said today. "I thin= k it will be $490." An agent today described the Weyerhaeuser news as "a pl= us," but added, "Now all we need is for demand to pick up." Another agent a= lso responded cautiously. "There is no indication anywhere in the world whe= re demand has picked up, certainly not in the paper business. Without that,= (producers) can announce what they want to, but it is not a slam dunk," he= said. As for October transaction , aid that in most cases, they didn't mov= e. "I know everyone needs (price increases) and I know the inventories have= gone down, but my feeling is they will go up again," he said, noting typic= al late-fall patterns.  said that in contrast to the past, paper companies = have not been able to make money off of low prices. "It's going to be a bat= tle, for sure," he said. "There's a lot of fighting going on, a lot (of buy= ers) are saying they're not going to pay it." 
 Hello everyone,   Attached is the market wrap for the week of November 2nd. If you have any questions or need additional information you can contact me at ext. 5-1510.   thanks and have a nice day, Monika Causholli 
 The good news for the pulp producers continue as worldwide chemical paper-grade market pulp producer inventories declined 345,000 tonnes in September from the prior month, according to preliminary data from the Pulp and Paper Products Council in Montreal. World inventories have fallen seven consecutive months as producers reduced their stocks 9.7 percent from opening levels. World producer stocks closed September at 3.073 million tonnes, representing 33 days of supply and a four-day reduction from August levels. Producer inventory results are 19.4 percent higher than year-ago figures, when world producers held 28 days of supply. The inventory results were by far the largest single month reduction this year. The year's prior high was in June, when producers brought down inventories by 171,000 tonnes but faced a bloated 3.528 million tonnes of stock. September production of 2.525 million tonnes tumbled 10.2 percent vs. year-ago results of 2.812 million tonnes. Production levels were 5.9 percent lower than the prior month. Global shipments improved both month-over-month and compared to the same period last year. Shipments of 2.870 million tonnes rose 2.8 percent higher than year-ago results of 2.792 million tonnes, and surged by 4.4 percent vs. August despite a slower week of activity following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Producers operated at 84 percent of capacity in September, down 11 percent from the same time last year when producers ran at 95 percent. Meanwhile, the shipment-to-capacity ratio, considered an indicator of producer discipline, advanced another 5 points to 95 percent, PPPC reported. 
 Karen,  Attached is the market wrap for this week.  Monika 
  thanks! 
 Weyerhaeuser Company today announced that it has extended its $50 per share cash tender offer for all of the outstanding common stock of Willamette Industries, Inc. until midnight, New York City time, on December 5, 2001. As of midnight, New York City time, on October 17, 2001, Willamette shareholders had tendered and not withdrawn approximately 51.7 million shares pursuant to Weyerhaeuser's tender offer. 
 Cartiere Burgo's Cellardennes pulp mill in Belgium, is back following a seven-day shut. During the closure, the company installed a new 700 air dried tonne/day ABB pulp dryer at the site that will boost Cellardennes' elemental chlorine-free pulp capacity from 260,000 tonnes/yr to 360,000 tonnes/yr. 
   Kent,  Attached you will find the pulp presentation that Andrea Reed asked me to send you.  Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
   Peggy,  Slide # 5 has the pulp flow map.  Monika 
 I am with Industrial Markets here in Houston.  Monika 
 New spreadsheet that contains all the tissue mills, their capacity and number of machines is now located in:  O://Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/Tissuemills   Monika Causholli 
 Pete,  Hi how are you? Can you remove me from the list? thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Thank you for letting me know. Also, do you have historical data for Utipulp: Consumption, inventory and days of supply?  Can you please help me find these?  thanks again, Monika Causholli 
 Hi Karen,  I hope you get well soon!  I had Peggy edit the market wrap. I sent it out this morning.  Also, I have finished working on the Tissue Report. Do you want it send by email?  Let me know, Monika 
 Karen,  As I told you there is quite a few discrepancies between RISI and PPI.  See attached. If you have questions let me know, Monika 
 I used to be on the subscription list but I do not receive the data by email anymore. Can you please re-subscribe me?  My email is monika.causholli@enron.com  thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1039 
 Karen,  Can you see the questions for RISI and refine them a bit?   Thank you Monika 
 Thanks! 
 Hi Karen,  Attached is the spreadsheet containing the Chilean pulp and paper mills.  The info is all taken from RISI  Monika 
 Morela,  Please take a look at slide # 15 for the corrected version.  Monika 
 Karen,  Attached is the capacity growth compounded annually for the main regions and the world.  Let me know if this is what you wanted, Monika 
 Dave,  I am meeting with Maria Teresa this Wednesday to start working on price forecast.  I am currently working with Andrew on inventory forecast and the procedure is as follows:  Based on the formula (capacity * op. rate) - shipments = forecast inventory.  We used PPPC capacity forecast for the year and divided by 12 to get the monthly forecast. Then multiply this with our own estimate of the operating rate which can be an average of the last 2 months or the operating rate of last month carried forward, or the last month's operating rate difference with the average and apply that difference to calculate the next  month op. rate.  We also estimate the level of shipments as the last 3 years average for the month we are trying to forecast.  So far we have only tested September and the forecast was pretty close to the actual.   let me know if this is what you requested, Thanks, Monika 
 Ami, I am sorry I forgot what you were looking. Attached are the prices for hardwoods delivered to Japan, China, S. Korea.  Monika 
 Ami,  RISI book has all th mills in Asia. Let me know if you cannot locate the book.  Monika 
 hey Stacey,  thanks for sending me the presentation template.  Monika 
 Hey Ami,  I am sorry what were you looking for?  Monika 
 Foex is up again for the third week in a row even though the increase was at a slower rate than last week . The increase seems to continue to be the result of price increases announced by pulp producers earlier this month.  Today NBSK came in at $463.94/mton up $5.05 (1.10%) and BHKP was Euro 461.76 up Euro 8.78. Expressed in dollars BHKP was $416.72 up $1.24 (0.3%).  Please see attached Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Stacey,  I forgot to send you this. It's the pulp presentation that I put together recently.   Monika 
 Rhonda Flemming. I think she is one of Enron's lawyers.  Monika 
 Hello Bobbi. This is the exact procedure that we followed.  Thank you Monika Causholli 
 Hello Margaret,  Actually you forwarded this messagge to Rhonda Fleming and she did help me a lot. We were able to obtain a driver's licence for my husband.  Thanks Margaret. Monika 
 This worked!  thanks a lot Monika Causholli 
 Nyree,  I have a doctor's appointment (eye doctor) tomorrow at 9:30.  Thanks, Monika 
 Hello,  Attached is the pulp presentation.   thanks, Monika 
 Hello everyone,  Attached you will find the pulp and printing & writing presentation - facts and figures as of 2001. Please if you have any questions you can contact me.    thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial markets (713) 345 -1510 
 Thanks Peggy! 
 SAO PAULO, Brazil, Oct 15, 2001 (Reuters) - Brazilian paper and pulp maker Industrias Klabin Papel e Celulose SA said on Monday it would restructure its units in a cost-cutting drive it hopes will save 60 million reais ($22 million) per year. Klabin, one of Brazil's top producers of paper, tissue and wood pulp, will incorporate its Klamasa, KIV, Industrias Klabin and Igaras units under its subsidiary Klabin Riocell SA , the company said in a statement. Riocell will remain the sole publicly held company in the group and will be renamed Klabin SA. Minority shareholders in Klabin will be given shares in Riocell at par, Klabin's Director General Josemar Verillo told Reuters. The restructuring, to be completed by December, should reduce administrative, operational, financial and tax costs. It will also improve operating synergies, allow for a better use of financial resources and improve the group's transparency for investors, Klabin said. "We have a lot of business between the group. That leads to operational and financial inefficiencies," Verillo said. The company said it expects to save about 60 million reais ($22 million) per year and could trim staff in the long term as a result of the restructuring. In a separate statement responding to an inquiry by the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange, Klabin said its consolidated net revenues would be 10 percent higher in 2001, driven by exports and a depreciation of Brazil's currency. The company posted net revenues of 1.9 billion reais ($684 million) in 2000. 
 Karen,  I have a doctor's (eye doctor) appointment tomorrow at 9:30. I will come in the office first and then go to see the doctor.  thanks, Monika 
  Thanks Andrea, I made an appointment there. Monika 
 thank you dear. 
 Hello Ivonne,  I do not have an insurance card for the vision health plan. Can you tell me what I need to do to before I go to a doctor? Also should I find my own doctor or is there a list of names provided. Can you clarify this to me or tell me who do I need to contact for this?  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Attached is the pulp presentation and the BEK slides are: # 6, 8, 9, 18, 21, 22.    Thanks, Monika 
 Ayesha,  Attached is the pulp presentation. I used RISI as the primary source of information and where RISI had no data I used other sources.    Monika 
 thank you  :) 
 sure! 
  Good afternoon,  Attached you will find the spreadsheet that contains information on Abitibi's mills pulp consumption classifying it by by purchased pulp and internal pulp as well as by by grades of pulp consumed: BSKP, TMP, DIP (ONP/OMG)   Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  Please find attached the market wrap for the week of October 26th. If you have any questions you can contact me.   thanks, Monika Causholli Ext. 5-1510 
 sounds good! 
 Dirk,  Attached is a spreadsheet that contains hardwood prices delivered to Japan, China, and S. Korea and where th origin of the pulp is.  Hope this is what you were looking for Monika 
 Thanks Danilo. This is very helpful. Monika 
 Dave,  Attached is the spreadsheet with the Abitibi paper mills and their pulp usage. Let me know when we can meet.  Monika 
 Hi Ami,  Sorry for not getting to you earlier. I am at home today. I don't think I have the MTH prices. I have requested those from RISI today so hopefully they will send them to me fast. The other prices are in the folder o:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/RISI PRICES  Thanks, Monika 
 I did give the itinerary to you but if you still need it I can give it to you again. Also, Dave knows that my husband is coming with me but I don't know if Andrea knows. If there is a problem with this let me know.  Monika 
 Dave,  I am fine. I thought Karen told you about me working from home today. I am reading the tissue book that I just received from Esko Uutella Consulting in Germany.  I am also working on Abitibi's mills and send it to you by email. I asked Greg Bruch about the mills but he did not know the information as much in detail as we had it.  Thanks, Monika 
 I did contact RISI and they will send it to me by email.  Monika 
 I will be working from home for the rest of the day today. If you have any questions you can send them by email as I will be checking it from home.  Thank you, Monika Causholli 
 Thank you very much. We will give it a try. 
   Peggy,  Attached is the market wrap of last week that I am going to send out today.  thanks, Monika 
 Probably in three months. 
 I will be attending.  Thanks MOnika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets 
 Hello Margaret,  I am trying to figure out how my husband can obtain a driver's licence in the state of Texas but the office of social security, IRS, and DPS all give me different answers and are not helpful at all. We are confused. My husband is on H4 visa and he does not have a social security but the state of Texas requires the social security to obtain a driver's licence. He has a tax-payer SSN but that did not work for the licence.  Do you know what the law is in this case? Can we ask Enron lawyers about this problem? Common sense tells me that there can be a way for him to drive here but I don't know how.  Please help us,  Thanks a lot Monika Cauhsolli 
 In Europe this week FOEX showed an strong increase in both softwoods and hardwoods. This is the second increase for NBSK this year and it is a sign of successful efforts on the producers side to raise prices. NBSK was $458.89 up $7.76 (1.72%) BHKP was Euro 452.98 up Euro 9.25 (or 2%). Expressed in dollars BHKP came in at $415.48 up from $407.11.  Please see attached.    Monika Causholli 
 Nyree,  Just out of curiosity what is this for?  Attached is the form filled except for the CPU #. I don't know what this is.  thanks, Monika 
 Laura,  The pulp inventory is located in the O:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/Raw Data.  Check the first tab in the spread sheet.  Call me if you have any questions. Monika 5-1510 
 Eugenio,  Sorry I am not going to be here. Can you reschedule for Wednesday? 
 Please find attached the pulp market wrap-up for the week of October 5.  If you have any questions you can contact me.   Thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345-1510 
 Yes sure.  I won't be here on Monday and possibly Tuesday so how does Wednesday sound to you? If it's ok let's plan on it.  Monika 
 SAO PAULO, Oct. 4, 2001 (Press release) Votorantim Celulose e Papel (VCP) announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire, through one of its affiliates, a 28% voting interest (12.3% total interest) in Aracruz Celulose, the Brazilian eucalyptus pulp company. The stake is being acquired from Mondi Brazil, a subsidiary of Anglo American for a cash consideration of $370 million. Raul Calfat, CEO of VCP, said, "This transaction represents an important step for VCP in strengthening our position in the global pulp and paper markets. This also enhances our status as one of the lowest cost producers with outstanding services to our customers. We are very pleased with this opportunity which we believe will create substantial value for our shareholders." Andrew Thompson, chairman of Mondi Brazil, said, "We evaluated the options for our investment in Aracruz and concluded that it was in the interests of our shareholders to sell our stake on these terms. We have valued being party to the development of Aracruz during our time as voting shareholders with board representation. We have been particularly impressed by the vision and leadership of Erling Lorentzen as founder and chairman. We are confident that VCP will be a supportive new voting shareholder and we wish both them and Aracruz success in the future." 
 Hello Mr. Uutella,  Thanks for sending me the report. I have read it and I am in the process of preparing a summary of it. I  have a couple of questions for you though.  First, can you explain a little bit about the TAD technology, like how it is done and so on. Also what does TAD stand for?  Second, what does AfH stand for?  Third, the consumption numbers for all the continents were given for year 1999. Do you have them for 2000 yet?  thanks for your help, best regards Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Thanks Nyree :) 
 Thanks! 
 You need the following ingredients:  Trout Fish (medium size) About 4 big yellow onions- chopped into little pieces About 4 pieces of garlic- also chopped in little pieces Tomato Sauce Red Pepper Black Pepper Bay Leaf Lemon Juice Salt White wine Vegetable Oil  The process:  1- Clean and wash the fish. Cut the head off you don't need that. Place the fish in a pan and pour lemon juice in it. Leave it in lemon juice while preparing the sauce.  2- In another pan put some vegetable oil and fry the chopped onions. After about 4 min add a little black pepper, red pepper, garlic, salt and bay leaf and stir. 3- Continue stirring until the onions are a little brownish in color. Then add the tomato sauce and continue stirring. You will have a reddish sauce ready. 4- In a baking pan put the sauce that you prepared above and open a free space in the middle for the fish. Place the fish in the middle. Then pour lemon juice and white wine on the whole pan and put the pan in the oven.  Keep an eye on it as fish is cooked really fast. When you serve it ad lemon juice again.   Another way of cooking the trout fish (much easier and I think tastier)  Get a small trout this time., After cleaning it place it in a baking pan. Then add olive oil into it (lots of it), lemon juice,  chopped tomatoes (about 2 tomatoes) , and olives. Just bake it and there you have it. Again when you serve it you need to add some more lemon juice. It's delicious!    Try any of these and let me know how they taste. Have fun Monika 
   Karen,  I have trouble printing so here is the cash costs for Indonesian mills. To easily identify I have bolded the row that contains the Riau Plant info. Cash costs are $164/mton.  Monika 
  Hello Avril,  We have found some good info on tissue paper from an independent consulting company.I talked to Andrea so we are going to go and purchase the study. The consulting company is located in Germany and the name of the person and his contact are:  Esko Uutella phone 49815129193 emila euco.uutela@t-online.de  Please read below for the kind of information he can provide us with and the related costs. We decided to get the whole package. thanks, Monika 
 Karen,  You are right. I should have included some of my comments on the FOEX recent trends. I''ll keep that in mind for next time.  Thanks, Monika 
 Andrea,  Attached is the pulp presentation. Please take a look and let me know of any changes or additions. Also, tissue facts are taken from a bank of America report as RISI does not have any studies on it. I found one guy in Germany that seems to do quite an extensive work on tissue. I sent you an email yesterday stating what he can offer us and what the costs are.  Also note that fluff pulp data is very limited. I am waiting David Pinault from RISI to get back to me as he is researching and digging inside his organization to find anything on the fluff pulp. All these data can be added to the presentation upon availiability.   Thanks, Monika 
 Yes I did forget it. Here it is.  thanks, MOnika Causholli 
 Today FOEX published its index for NBSK and BHKP:  NBSK increased by $ (1.13) or 0.25%  BHKP increased by Euro 6.97 (1.6%) to Euro 443.73. Expressed in $US BHKP was up by $2.15 (0.53 %) to $407.11 See attached  Monika Causholli 
