sert Sky 10-minute data has not been uploaded for June 2002 yet, and the data for Jan is nonexistant, so the graphs go from Feb to May 2002.  If you have questions or comments let me know.  Mark 
 Andre,  Here is a short subset of 10-minute records containing the extreme temperature event (approximately 3 hours of before/after data). The turbine was #105 at Desert Sky on May 1st. Times are in UTC. The values are 10-minute averages.  If you have additional questions let me know.  Mark 
 Joe,  Attached is the Curtail200206.db file. I have a question about a sequence of events. For turbine 840006029 on June 19th the turbine is "Energy curtailed" (Index = 10843), THEN it has the message "Turbine Com Established" (Index = 10855). Then there are no other messages (for that turbine) until a "Energy curtailed" message (Index = 11134).  Is there anything I can assume about the time between the curtailment messages? For example, was the turbine uncurtailed when the com established message was recorded? Or are did the turbine become uncurtailed and no message was recorded?  Thanks, Mark 
 Tom,  Attached are the graphs for energy lost due to the pitch and overspeed faults you listed. As I mentioned before the methodology requires decent data recovery for the 10-minute data. The data recovery was poor for several sites in January, and for Fenner and Klondike in May.  I will be compiling a report on this request, summarizing the graph types and some explanation of the methods used to produce them. I hope to have that completed within the next couple of days.  If you see deficiencies or suggested modifications let me know.  Mark 
 On a per turbine basis he would be expecting some to have big drops. However for the entire site, the amount we were talking about would be about .5% (for 1 month). Though I don't know if he expected individual turbines to have more impact on the site average than they do . For 10 turbines having one drop 5% only lowers the site by .5%. 
 Fault Pareto Work Request From Tom Nemila 
 They are both: doomat!1 
 Tim,  In Oct 2001 I produced the attached reports for Michael Paine. I hope these are helpful.  Mark 
 Jeff,  Mar - May 2002 have been recalculated and spreadsheets created. Mar & Apr wend down slightly due to the "extra" turbines. May has gone up, possibly due to some data filling in holes from before, data recovery does appear to be better this time. The spreadsheets are sorted and totaled by Bus.ID. The "extras" are at the bottom with 0 production.   Mark 
 Tom,  Here are the fault paretos of fault counts for all sites for May 2002 (may2002paretos_faults.pdf). For readability only the top 30 faults for each site are displayed. Both Texas sites had VERY high numbers of "wind deviation" faults.  I am also attaching a file (from a different work request) that has a pareto (by site) of the mean number of faults per turbine (may2002mean_faults.pdf), which shows that the Texas sites have the highest mean faults per turbine. This also has boxplots of the number of faults by site to show the outliers.  I will do the June data, if still desired, when the data upload is completed.  As always, if you have questions or comments let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here is the report I prepared on the methods and types of grpahs for this work request. As examples I used the May 2002 graphs, including the Paretos for the Pitch and overspeed faults. If you need additional clarification, or have questions let me know.  Mark 
 Tom,  Maybe I mis-interpreted again, but here are the graphs for site total (the boxplots are still by turbine). This is for May. I will wait to see if this is more like what you need before continuing with the earlier months.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here are the new graphs with totals (bar charts) and distributions (boxplots) for all seven sites through May 2002.  I believe that I have come up with a method of providing you with the ESTIMATED energy lost. Since it requires using two data sets (faults and 10-minute data) it will be take a bit longer to run. However I hope to have that result to you next week.  Mark 
 Jeff,  The files are in DesertSkyCurtail in your transfer dirtectory. Check the sums of the KWH.LOST columns with the values you were provided. These all seem to have been created the same day.  Mark 
 Tom,  From the stage I was at on the duration and energy it was just as easy to do all 7 sites as the 3 you specifically requested. If you do not want the additional graphs let me know and I'll pull them out of the Acrobat file.  Mark 
 Tom,  I have energy estimates for May 2002 attached. Graph 1 is site totals, graph 2 is (total lost)/(total actual production) where total actual production is taken from the kWh reported in the owner report, and graph 3 is the by turbine distribution (using box plots) of energy lost.  The energy lost estimation method I employed is susceptible to problems with data recovery (10-minute data), which in May 2002 was especially poor at Klondike and Fenner, so those number are not as informative as those for the other sites.  If these graphs provide you the information you need, I will continue with the remaining months (Jan - Apr). Otherwise let me know and we'll refine this process to get you what you need.  Mark 
 Denise,  A couple of questions about software.  I have used and would like to continue to use MiKTeX (A windows version of TeX, the technical typesetting program). I find it is useful for automatically formatting reports in fact I have designed the automated summary report for the turbine SPC report using this program. This is freeware. (The TeX users group http://www.tug.org/ has information of TeX implementations. MiKTeX is probably the best, but PCTeX by Personal TeX is a good non-free version). Please let me know what will need to be done so that I can continue to use this software.  I was also planning to start Syncing my PDA with Outlook (as soon as Outlook is configured for use). So can I install the "Palm" software for this purpose?  Mark Fisher 
