rice is calculated from a preset heat rate multiplied by the HSC daily price, as mentioned in the protocols.  So the OOMC/OOME ws designed to work like the ancillary services with a capacity award and an energy component.  I think that this is the spirit of the OOM's, as mentioned in Section 6 of the Protocols.   Here is the problem: the head of Ercot Market Operations,  John Adams,  interprets the protocols to mean that OOMC requries the plant to be generating.     When Ercot dispatchers had issued an OOMC,  they quickly followed up to ask us why we were not generating into the grid. We explained to them, on numerous occasions,  that we dont believe OOMC means run.   If they wanted us to run,  then they would need to issue an OOME for the actual energy component.    I asked my employees to clarify with Ercot whether we were being asked to run,  yes or no.    When instructed to run by Ercot,  we had to assume that we were settled based upon the OOME calc, as we were previously under OOMC orders.  I sent at least three e-mails to my Ercot rep,  Mark Patterson regarding this issue.   I finally caught him by phone and he relayed that he thought Ercot's  intrepretation was correct.    For all of the times that we ran,  at their request,  we werent going to be paid based on the OOME heat rate calc,  rather we were going to receive the balancing energy price ( a penalty for Resource Imbalance).   For example,  in the early morning hours we would receive as little as $1 for electricity that cost $27 to generate.   Mark also mentioned that when they said run,  they expected us to sell to someone else,  or just generate into the imbalance.    Mark told me "dont worry,  you can file to receive your generation expenses in the event that you lost money."    Here is my view: OOMC does not mean run.  It means have the capacity available in the event Ercot calls,  much like replacement,  responsive reserve and non-spinning. Ercot's interpretation is being decided by the Manager of Mkt Operations,  a group supposedly unconcerned with price. If OOMC means to run,  then why would the protocols contemplate, or need OOME?  They would never have to pay OOME if we were already running into the imbalance. OOMC is an option and the exercise is OOME.   This is basically the disagreement.    This could very well be a $500,000 issue for Frontera. Why would anyone generate for $27 and dump to the imbalance mkt at $5 in hopes of filing for a "breakeven."   Ridiculous.  I spoke with Bill Kettlewell with Customer Relations and he had "no comment" on whether OOMC means to generate.  Mark Patterson now also has "no comment." Bill and Mark said that we needed to file a dispute in order to receive closure on the OOM capacity payment.   I suspect that we will follow this same path when we file for OOME reimbursement vs.  the imbalance price we will receive.  I had instructed my employeess to refuse to turn on the plant   (in response to an OOMC) until we receive an OOME instruction.   This has compelled  Ercot to deploy an OOME request to us, because they need  to have us online to control local congestion.   Would this not be an omission that their view was incorrect?  Section 5.4.4 says that a QSE may fail to comply with an Ercot directive if it causes a safety concern, or ,  Ercot is not in compliance with the Protocols.  The latter is in effect. Ercot is now telling us that they cannot instruct us, or give us an OOME deployment,  unless we are already runnnig.    I think that this is a software issue, not a protocol issue. We worked out an interim compromise with Ercot until this issue can be settled.  Once we have been OOMC'd,  we will start to gen.   Once we reach full load,  we will request an OOME.   If they dont comply,  we will shut down the unit.    Ercot said that " it was entirely reasonable that we would  request to be compensated in the form of an OOME." The Ercot dispatchers are complaining that OOME requires them to send an instruction every 15 minutes.   Is this why we are not getting the OOME instruction on a regular basis?  Finally,  I stressed to Ercot that I wasnt trying to manipulate prices, via OOME or force Ercot into a corner.    It just is not the right economic environment to generate for $27 and sell for $5.    Further,  operations personell at Ercot have frelayed their displeasure with me for "forcing them to OOME our plant."  Can I get an opinion on whether OOMC means to run?   If you agree with me,  what is our next step?  I need to move aggressively on this issue.  Thanks,   JForney 37160 
 This is a start.   I am having our Regulatory guy review our OOMC/OOME situation.  Thanks, JForney 
 Please update your phone list with Frontera's new numbers.   They would prefer that we use the toll free number.  Thanks, JMF 
  Please check out the following.     The agreement I reached with Ercot/Frontera yesterday is as follows: When we receive an OOMC,  we will crank up the plant then call Ercot and request an OOME once the plant is online. If Ercot doesnt give us an OOME,  then we will need to advise them that we will take the plant down.   We dont actually want to do this,  as there are some expensive start charges associated with this.  We will discuss further in the meeting.  Thanks, JMF 
 The latest from Frontera: They will not run unless we receive an OOME.  Call me if you need to,  but call before 10pm.  JMF 
   AJ, Thanks for checking in with me.   I had a couple of questions: Does Anadarko have any power plants or do they trade gas/electricity actively?      I currently do several things: I am the Manager of the real time Power Trading desk.    I also manage the Ercot Asset book.   I trade around a combined cycle gas plant in south Texas. I am required to trade gas along with  the power in order to properly hedge the plant. I would be interested in continuing in this area.  Thanks for anything you can tell me about working at Anadarko.   I could send my resume,  but if we dont have paralell needs,  then I wont bother. I have some other things that I am working on.  Thanks again for asking.  This company will be fine,  but I have worked 12-14 hours/day for 8+ years.   When the stock price is $90, I can somewhat justify the hours and lack of life.   However,   although I am sure that Enron will bounce back,  I am no longer willing to sacrifice to make it so.  I have been consistenly profitable in my time here.   I have never been on a losing team - we have always made major money for the company,  so it is very hard to understand how this whole thing is unwinding.  Anyway,  thanks again and I look forward to hearing from you.  JMF 
 10-4 Thanks 
 Sure,  I am online everyday. I get in about 6 am, usually putting the numbers on at 6:30.   I start with hr ending 8-22 and change to 9-22 usually when the first interval of he 9 is printed. This is at my discretion. You may post a limit order (either a bid or offer) that covers mine and transact online.   You wont necessarily be trading with me,  another counterparty can lift your offer or hit your bid.  Let's trade it up!!!  JForney 
 Erik, deal no.  773763 has been changed. sorry for the confusion.  JMF 
 A lot of shops are interested,  mainly speculators.       I have had at least 7 different counterparties use this.      Utilities or generators have a big interest in hedging their balancing energy exposure,  locking in a fixed return.   How they are exposed to the imbalance price is their business, as I am not encouraging running an imbalance, etc. No problem with EOL,  as we are trading it up. You need to add the US PWR Financial Swap to your EOL profile, in my opinion.     You will see Ercot S 8-22  and N 8-22.   You will need to add these and every other hour listed. Thanks, 
   Frontera was asked to generate 135 mw's for this day.    They were generating but our meter read was showing zero.    Ercot was also showing zero. Steve Olinde called and Frontera assured us that they were running. We will need to file a dispute for approx hours ending 1 - 7? I am not sure when the meter came back,  but it was ok when I came in this morning.  Thanks, JMF 
 Mark Patterson, our Rep,  called today to ask me if everything was resolved= to my satisfaction.    I relayed that I did talk to John Adams last night = and he did agree to give us one hour notice with an OOME instruction.    Th= is is great,  however,   Mark warned me that we were outside of the tariff = because Ercot still maintains that OOMC means run. He relayed that in the event of line meltdown,  etc.  we would be liable.  = John Adams also said this last night.   We are officially on notice of p= otential QSE liability.  In my opinion we need to: Call Ken Saathoff and see if he can resolve their confusion today, otherwis= e we need to file whatever is necessary, under the protocols,  to protest t= his ridiculous interpretation and to protect ourself from this "liability." Officially request clarification in the protocols on this issue.  Thanks, JForney 
 I kind of lost my temper a bit with Mark.   Probably wont sound good on tap= e,  but I told him that a monkey-man wouldnt interpret the protocols that w= ay. Its the Dynegy thang talking.  JMF 
   We are long 50 mw's  (ercot asset book) for the 2x16 .   This is scheduled into the North market.  JMF 
   We are long 50 mw's for 16 hours Saturday and Sunday.    The length is under the Ercot Asset book and the cost is $15.    I am concerned about Sunday morning,  specifically,  hours ending 7-11.   If you could sell  this for a decent price,  it would be a good thing.  The purchase is an interdesk deal,  so it wont show in Enpower Scheduling. Also,  for hours ending 15-20 on Sunday we are long an additional 100 mw's at $16.31.   The purchase is under deal #873330 from City of Austin.  The temps are supposed to be warm and it should be muggy on Sunday ahead of the cold front.    This is scheduled to the North Zone under Enpower 873332.  Either leave alone or sell under the Ercot Asset book.  For Monday,  we are long 50 mw's onpeak under another interdesk deal.   The length cannot be seen in Enpower scheduling.      This deal is under Ercot Asset and has been scheduled to load (north) under deal #873255.   Also,  we have another 100 mw's from COA (see Enpower #873330) for he 15-20. This is scheduled to north zone under enpower #873332.   Dont forget that the night crew will report to the new building Sunday evening.   The phones are to be inactivated here at 5:30 pm Sunday.   Thanks and lets trade it up!  JMF 
   Madhup, Any luck on developing this tool?   Also,   tell me the status of the Esca people.   The hourly trading system is not complete and I understand that they are leaving. No documentation on how to use the system is available,  as far as I can tell.  JMF 
   We are collecting information to dispute Ercot's OOMC calculation.    OOMC has not had a defined clearing price due to the the non-functioning Replacement reserves mkt. Ercot has asked us to file a dispute for each time that we were issued an OOMC.   I think that this goes back to Sept 14th.  Also at issue is the payment for the actual power once it is called for.    Ercot claims that OOMC means run, instead of standby.   So,  for the times that we were asked to run,  Ercot will only pay us the balancing energy price, versus the OOME heat rate calculation.  How far can we go back in a dispute?  I thought we were somewhat limited.  JMF 
 -- [Forney, John M.]  It appears that Ercot is reversing their interpretation.   We still need to dispute/collect for OOMC payments and also file under OOME heat rate provisions for all of the times that we ran when we were under OOMC. Does this make sense?  JMF 
   Jerry,  Please see the attached: 
 The instantaneous supply in the form of ancillary services was supposed to be provided to us  by COA.   The contract was not specific concerning the intraday gas supply, or how we would schedule intraday power. COA wants us to "split the meter" at the plant,  allowing us to schedule our own 100 mw's ( and assume all liability) and also arrange our own gas agreement. Otherwise,  they dont want to allow us intraday capability. The agreement doesnt expire until Nov 3, 2003.  Their would be two gas contracts to consider,  I suppose:  Enron needs to contract for their own supply for this plant and also wants to sell to COA directly.  When do you want to talk?  JMF 
 So,  it would appear that we have a good case for recovering some money for OOME?   I am of the opinion that for every time I was ordered to run under the OOMC,  I should be paid the OOME calc. Is this flawed logic?  What do you think. JMF 
   We are short 50 mw's for offpeak tomorrow @ $13.    I would not expect to have to fill this,  but if you do,  buy in the South and schedule under Ercot Asset. We originally purchased this power from El Paso.  Call me with questions.  JMF 
 Tuesday good.   I am at 680 , where the heck are you?  JMF 
  Please check for your new Trid for your turret. Thanks, JMF 
 thanks jmf 
 The move has been very smooth 
  Gerald, I am talking with Gary Bryan.    You do need to be involved in this and I need your feedback. Come by when you get a chance.  thx., jmf 
   Kim, Has the Savings plan website changed?   I admit seeing a e-mail about the change of administrators,  but I didnt realize the website would be incapacitated. What's up? JMF 
  We are short on the offpeak for the three days including saturday,  sunday,  and monday.     We are floating 55 mw's   in the South zone. If you replace this power,  please remove the appropriate counterparty in the portal and replace with new counterparty.  Also:  The Frontera plant is currently NOT scheduled to run this weekend or Monday.    We are currently,  as of Friday,  experiencing problems with units #2 & #3.  These tripped offline when a breaker problem on CPL's side occurred. We have been asked by Ercot to reflect in the Resource Plan that unit #1 is available but offline.   We have done so.  When the other units become available,   please update them as available in the Resource Plan for the remaining hours of Saturday.    We should make sure that we have OOM premiums (up and down) and zero mw's scheduled.  If you have questions,   give me a call.    JMF 
 Madhup, We still need to provide detail on when errors/ problems actually occur. I will work to get this to you by tomorrow. Thanks, JMF 
 thank you, you are one of my favorite hr reps 
  Madhup, here is some more specific detail, as promised.  Thanks, JMF 
 more detail jmf 
 thanks alex!! jmf 
   We have 25 mw's of length for the 8 hr offpeak block from thanksgiving through monday.   hours ending 23 & 24 have the most value.  This is your position,  leave in North pool or sell as necessary.  JMF 
   Ben, Our Ercot lines arent working.    We are located at desks 678-680. Also, could you please make the Ercot lines 1-4 appear on page 1 of all Ercot hourly traders phones? You did this for us in the old building,  but those changes didnt transfer.  The traders are: Joe Capasso Alex McElreath George Phillips Steve Olinde Seung-Tak Oh John Forney  Thanks, JMF 
 Mr Taylor, I have attached my resume, that explains what the heck I have been doing.   Let me know if anyone has interest in a profitable Woodlands boy.  Thanks! 
 When: Monday, September 17, 2001 11:00 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 3112f - Doug's desk  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
    Jerry, Please see the attached .     As I mentioned,   I will be out of the office visiting Ercot tomorrow.  Thanks,  JMF 
 Frank. The ancillary services market for non-spinning has been horrible.   Non- spinnning for today is,  at most,   90 cents/mw for hours 14-18.  The remaining hours are worth zero. The down regulation and up regulation markets are lucrative  at as much as $11.99/mw ,  but we are not certified for this service.     As I understand it,  there is some work necessary on the plant to allow us to sell up/down regulation and replacement.  GE personel were to travel to the plant and do some work,  but in light of world events,  I do not know if they have arrived. Once the upgrades are complete,   we need to restart the certification process with Ercot.  If we sell non-spin for .90,  we would need to withhold this power from the market.   We have been selling,  on a Real Time basis,   as much power as we can get out the door.   We have not been selling offpeak and we are starting schedules,  typically at hour 10 through 22 for a sales price of $24.  That is the latest.   We are currently looking at making sales in October.  The heat rate is around 10.7  Thanks,  JForney 
   Please see the attached.  JForney 
 Mikey - I heard that you have gotten married.   Is that true? JMF 
 just to double check;  the meeting is now on Monday,  right? 
 Carmen, Please note that my employee's correct name is Alex McElreath.  It was mispelled below.  Thank you, JForney 
   Please see the attached.    Remember that we are planning on buying hour ending 7 (50 mw's).    So,   we wont actually generate 250's as the schedule indicates. Alex will take care of this tonight.  Prices for the weekend look like: onpeak $20.75 offpeak $ 12.25 gas  $2.06 This doesnt look too good for the weekend run.    Let me know what you need to do.   Thanks,  JMF 
    For tomorrow, see the attached schedule.     This is what is communicated to Frontera.     The mw value at the top of the page indicates what their total generation should be by hour.   The Resource Plan shuold be identical to this row.       Row 5 mirrors the purchase from Frontera in Enpower.     The Mirant call and Enron's call (Ercot Asset Book - 100 mw's) are listed as well as any daily trades executed on behalf of Frontera.    Please familiarize yourself with this report  The top line will indicate how much power is available for bal-day sales,  etc.    Additionally,   the Resource Plan needs to accurately reflect to Ercot what the plant is capable of.  For example,   if we are generating at the maximum of 450 mw's,  we need to reflect that the combined maximums on units 1-3   do not exceed this amount.  Otherwise,  Ercot thinks they can OOM you up.   Specifically for tomorrow,   please note that we are going from 135 mw hour ending 6 to 250 mw's hour ending 7.     The plant doesnt like to do this.  A 200 mw schedule would be much more preferrable for this ramp. So either : 1.  purchase 50 mw's from RT market for he 7.    Change Resource Plan to 200 mw's for hour ending 7 only.  Put purchase from  in  Teco Services book. Make another corresponding sale to Frontera counterparty in the Teco Services book.   If you dont make the second entry in Enpower the Teco Services book will be long for hour ending 7. 2. have plant drag  and buy imbalance - they will call to make this decision.  No entries will be needed.  Call if you have questions.    JMF 
   For Monday,   it is necessary that we sell the following for Frontera:  he 4 -30mw's he 5 - 30 mw's he 7 - 30 mw's he 23 - 85 mw's he 24 - 85 mw's   Also,   we need  to buy 15 mw's for hour ending 7 to assist with Frontera's ramp.  We are not running the plant this weekend.    The Resource Plan should reflect that we are available but offline. We need to ensure that the minimums and maximums accurately reflect what the plant is capable of. Also,  please make sure that the OOM premiums (up & down) are input as $50 and $40 respectively.  FYI - for OOM up,  we receive a 14.1 heat rate multiplied by the Houston Ship Channel price.   For this weekend assume $2.05.   IF you can make hourly,  bal-day sales in excess of this,  check with Jerry or Ken at Frontera.  Steve Olinde is notifying Ercot that we are coming down this weekend  for economics.   We have given them this notice so that they can effectively manage their system.   I will be out of town this weekend.   I can be reached by my cell if you have an important issue.  Thanks, JMF 
   We are long 100 mw's for hour ending 16-19 on Monday.   This is currently scheduled to load. If prices are poor,   we need to sell this energy early Monday morning for >   $22 if possible.  The sale goes into the Ercot Asset book.  Thanks, JMF 
   The position for Monday is currently scheduled into imbalance in both the QSE MOS and Enpower. Make sure that both are modified when you make sales/purchases.   Attached are the spreadsheets that reflect what Frontera is doing for the next three days.   Again,  look to the top line to know what generation output should be.  Know it,  learn it,   live it.  Thanks,  JMF 
   Laurel,  Do you have Ken Parker's e-mail address?   He needs to be copied on our preschedules. His address is kbparker@tecoenergy.com   Thanks, JMF 
  For tomorrow, we need to sell the following:  he 5 - 30mw's he 6 - 30mw's he 7 - 65 mw's  The sales go into the Teco Services book.    The length is currently scheduled to load in Enpower and the QSE MOS system.   Thanks,   JMF 
  Additionally, he 23 - please sell 35 mw's 
  We were down balanced in excess of what we were willing to pay,  as indicated by our bidding structure.   It seems that their software is not recognizing our bids. Our Ercot Rep, Mark Patterson is looking into this. We will dispute down balancing bills for the labor day weekend,  as this problem persisted every day.  Thanks, JMF 
   Mark, Hope all is well in Taylor.    I have a couple of questions about OOMC capacity payments.    As discussed in our meeting,  I received a manual OOMC on Thursday 9/13 (10:30 pm)  from Terry at the ISO. He reserved 220 mw of capacity from the Frontera unti for hours ending 9-2400 for Friday,  Sept 14th.  We were,  indeed,   exercised on Friday.    I think that we understand the payment for the energy portion of the exercise.  However,  we are not certain what we will be paid for the capacity portion,  as the formula for OOMC payment is based upon the Replacement reserve market. The replacement reserve prices have been zero.  Could you provide some help on this?  Thanks,  J Forney 
  Andrea, apparently an imbalance deal was entered under Teco services and the mark to market flag was not removed.    I show negative new deal value for Teco Services,  when I sold above the curve on their behalf. I assume this is the reason for the negative new deal value.  The deal has been revised,  as it was to be a temporary placeholder anyway.   This imbal. sale deal will be taken to zero and resold to another counterparty tonight.  Will I ever get a true up for the negative new deal value?  JMF 
  fyi  jmf 
 Ken, Laurel will be sending the spreadsheet from now on.   I asked her yesterday to include you on the distribution. I will be out of the office next week.   Clint Dean will step in for me.  Thanks, JMF 
 I used to carpool with a guy and his wife from Liberty.   He asked me one day:  " what if someone called you and told you that you just won a new Towncar - all you had to pay was the $700 in  taxes?"    I told both of them (laughing)  that it was a scam and someone would have to be an idiot to fall for that,  since they didnt enter any contest. They both looked down at their feet and said that they sent a check to this outfit.    I called them dumbasses again and they called their bank to cancel the check.  The jackass scam artist called them back,  bitching that they had cancelled their check.    My dumbass friend was talked into this transaction AGAIN. He tried to reinstate the check ,  but the bank's policy prevented him from reactivating this payment.    He was going to do this again,  but I told his in-laws,  friends and everyone else I could to talk to him.   He finally saw the light.   Just doing my job.  Anyway,  this guy is a super nice (but dumbass) guy.    He works at the Harris county courthouse.    His wife ran off with a crack head,  left him with the kids,    didnt come homefor several weeks and then wanted a divorce.    The divorce was in Liberty where this woman,  also a dumbass friend from wayback,   had worked for the Judge presiding over her case. She got the kids and he pays $2500/month.  Life is less fair to dumbasses  JMF 
 joan, good to hear from you - everything is still pretty wild up here, but it is going very well.    Sorry to hear about the neighbors,  but i think that you will enjoy living downtown. there is so much to do here now. how are your hours now?  im sure that they are pretty scary.  seen any good bands lately?  JMF 
 im sorry - im kinda shifty............ 
   Hello, I am using MSN dial up through the Enron program.  I understood it to be a $5 co-pay.    MSN customer service has said that they are billing me $25/month for this service and they dont know anything about an Enron special program. Who can I contact to resolve this issue?  John Forney Director, Ercot Power Trading 
 Yes, My member id is fourknees  . I am being billed $21.95/ month since inception of May 11, 2001.  Thanks for your help.  JMF 
 My cell phone 713-412-7529 home number 281-419-4388 Deb's cell 281-767-3667  catcha later, jmf 
  19 south altwood circle the woodlands, tx  77382 
   We are short 100 mw's in the Ercot Asset book for hours ending 7-22.    We want to remain that way,  unless the balancing energy market goes haywire. We would need to delete our SC counterparty EL Paso and input a replacement QSE in the portal if this is filled. Enpower shows 100 mw's coming from Ercot imbalance.  This deal would need to be cut and replaced with the power that was purchased for bal-day,  etc.   Thanks, JMF 
  FYI, This morning Ercot asked us to run all three units for a manual OOM.    Our Resource plan indicated that our total minimum was 220.    I believe that we had a discussion with Ercot indicating that our minimum on a 2 on 1 config was 280.    We ran at 280,  but our resource plan was not updated.     Ercot called mid-morning to say that they only wanted 220.   It is possible that we will be punished financially (receive the balancing energy price) for the 60 mw's over their request.  The point is,   the Resource Plan is the only thing binding.    We must reflect our true minimums at all times.    If the situation changes intraday,  we need to make changes in the resource plan to reflect what we can actually do.   Please see the e-mail below from Alan.  JMF 
   Until further,  it is best to avoid long positions in the morning hours that are to liquidate against the balancing market.    The downside is $1000 and the upside maybe $10.   Thanks, JMF 
  Steve indicated below that he talked to Ken at Frontera.   Ken Parker is the "new" Jerry.     They are staffing up.  JMF 
 O - the file should be m:electric/eservices/ees/ercot/ees model   go get em,  JMF 
   Duong,  Can I get a change in Enpower?   We have done this type thing on the West desk:  For every counterparty "Ercot Imbalance" ,   I would like the Risk Mark to market flag set to "off"  automatically.     When this manual process does not get done,  we have settlement problems.  What do you think?  JForney 
 Please see the attached: 
   Ken, As discussed earlier,  I am proposing ramping up late for the onpeak sale that Frontera made for tomorrow.       If we must sell the offpeak hours required to affect a 340 mw onpeak schedule,  I show that we would almost negate all profit from the sale.  I am suggesting starting your ramp beginning hour ending 7 and purchasing a fixed price swap from Enron for the short generation.    Basically,  you sold the preschedule for $21 and we would fix your price for hours ending 7-11 at $20.  The benefit in this swap would be: hedge against floating price lock in $1 profit on sale for short portion of the schedule, increasing revenues avoid losing approximately $10k on selling ramping schedule -  $4 is an optimistic real time sales price at this point,  however,  I used this in the analysis.    Please let me know what you think.      Enron will be offically rolling this swap product out to all of our service customers. I  think this would be a good fit your company and I would like to try this for Friday's run.  Additionally,   I think that there may be a good down balancing or OOM down  opportunity for tomorrow because of this preschedule.   Let me know what you think,  JForney 713-853-7160 
  Rebecca, For September 28th,  we have sold a financial swap to Frontera for hours ending 7- 11.   We bill them $20,  Enpower #794481,  for various hours. I will take the floating imbalance price for the following megawatt totals :  he7 - 310 mw's he8 - 310 he 9- 240 he10 - 140 he 11 - 60  Frontera will be running a resource imbalance for these hours.  (see imbal.  # 794516).       I should be allocated the imbalance charges as listed above and Frontera is responsible for any remaining imbalance for this day.. This is a financial swap that we will be offering our customers and I need your feedback on any requirements that you have in settling this product.  Thanks, JMF 
 Thanks for looking into this.  JMF 
   We have sold a financial swap to Frontera for hours 7-11 for $20.   They sold a 340 mw schedule for the onpeak tomorrow. They will be ramping up starting hour ending 7 for the following:  He7,8  - 30mw's He 9  - 100 HE 10 - 200 HE 11 -280  So,  basically,  they will be dragging significantly for these hours.    We sold this imbalance to them for $20 and we will take the floating price. The Resource Plan will only show 340 mw's onpeak.  Ercot will call and ask about our ACE issue.    Just say that our unit is just now coming up and we are on the normal ascension ramp mentioned above.   Thanks,  JMF 
 we put it on for tomorrow.   i am short the pool at $20. i gave them an agressive bid and i think that we will both win.  jmf 
   Tom, Frontera did agree to do the financial swap for tomorrow.   I am really excited about getting this product off.    I guess we need to follow up with the swap papers now.  Here are some things that we proposed to Frontera:  September 20th - I suggested selling October at $24.75.   This was a 10.72 heat rate.       I had to take off for an Austin trip and Clint took over for me in trying to get them to transact. Power moved down,  but so did gas,   The heat rate was the same,  but they still didnt want to transact as power moved down to $24.75.    Power reached low of 10 heat rate for October recently - it is currently 10.2.  I suggested early this week in selling balance of the week at a 10.5  heat rate.   The dailies have been now liquidating as low as 8.9 hr.   August (late) - Clint proposed selling 12.7  heat rate in September .   They didnt want to because they wanted to liquidate in the daily market.  This didnt work out.  On a daily basis,  Frontera has a problem making timely decisions.   For example,   I give them gas prices and daily prices.   They say that they would like to stay offline for the next day.   I tell them that I will bookout my option. They call back later and say that they would like to run.     Bids are now $2 less for my option and the prices they receive for their ramp up and onpeak schedule are horrible.  On Tuesday,   I suggested selling a $24 call option for October for  a $1.25 premium.    This would have at least brought in $23,000.   They werent interested in this idea.  I communicate my feelings on the market very early.   If they could react quicker,   I would smack the first bids that showed their faces,  including EOL. I could have taken out 200mw's in a simultaneous trades several times over the last two weeks.   Clint has some other instances that he would like to relay.   He will be sending another e-mail.   This relationship,  although not initially profitable,  has allowed us to develop other relationships that would not have otherwise been possible.   I dont really want to lose the job.   We are providing some outstanding support, in my opinion.  The thing that weakens our case is that Ercot is not providing the appropriate settlement details that would help illustrate our case on the OOM payments. The settlements extract,  as I learned on my trip,  is key to explainnig this value.     The OOM value itself is well over $200k.  Good luck!  JMF 
 In this case,    Ercot Asset gets allocated the expense of the imbalance.   The enpower deals listed below are under this desk. The financial swap info is going out,  Frontera being the most logical first customer.  Is there anything else from us that you would want?   Im thinking in terms special entries that would notify your group to withold balancing expense from Frontera,  etc.  Let me know what you think.  JMF 
   Mark, We have a question related to the acquisition of ancillary services;       Ercot publishes their various A/S requirements on a daily basis. We have noticed that you dont procure up to the amount that you say that you require.  For example,  on 9/27,   Ercot published that the System Requirements are 1,800 mw for Regup.      Ercot procured only approx. 117 mw's each hour. The same thing occurs for REGDN and Responsive.  Is Ercot satisfying their reserve requirement needs with OOM and Upbalancing,  etc.?  I will be out of the office next week,   so can you reply to Doug Gilbert-Smith?   His e-mail is doug.gilbert-smith@enron.com. Otherwise,  he can be reached at 713-853-9310.   Thanks for your help!  JForney 
 Larry, I will be on vacation next week.   I will not be available until Monday,  October 8th.  Thanks,  JMF 
   TJ, I will be on vacation next week.   I will be checking in via cell phone.  Thanks,.  JForney 
   Jerry, Please see tomorrow's schedules as attached: 
   I will be on vacation next week, October 1-5th.   In my absence ,  contact Clint Dean or Smith Day for any questions related to Frontera,  etc.  Feel free to wake Clint up for any reason.  Thanks,  JMF 
 I saw the memo.   It is true about the startup charges.   It is listed in the Purchase and Sale Agreement. Is there more that we need to discuss on this deal?  Thanks, JMF 
 TJ, Could you tell me what my balance is for vacation days?   Also,  I dont thi= nk that I have signed up for the floating holiday yet.   Would this balance= reflect that?  Thank you! JMF 
   I have received notice that I need to attend the Sandhill board of directors meeting tomorrow.   Clint Dean will be trading the Asset book. I will be available via cell phone.  Thanks, JMF 
 that is correct  jmf 
   Mark, Thanks for your reply concerning ancillary service procurement.    I was wondering if Ercot had made a decision on OOM capacity payments. Our position is that our custmers,  ie.   Teco/Frontera   should recover at least their O&M expenses for the capacity,  as they are standing by awaiting instruction.  Has there been any progress in this subject?  JForney 
   Due to the slowdown in trading,   I will be concentrating on leaving positions for RT to trade around. These will keep you in the market and give some flexibilty and decision making responsibility.    This will make more sense,  once you inherit the position.  The following positions need to be watched for monday:  1.     We are short to Mirant (on behalf of Frontera) for hour ending 6 only.     We need to buy 50 mw's and schedule this with Mirant Real Time. They are expecting and have agreed to this trade.   This is energy that Frontera owes them on a prescheduled basis.  If you are working Sunday night,   check in early with Mirant to make sure they are aware of this trade.   It is very common that they get a bad "handoff" and are unaware of this transaction.     Give them plenty of time to work this out.  We schedule this in the portal as a buy from X  and a sale to Mirant.    In Enpower,  buy from X and sell to Frontera (under the Teco Services book).   Enter this as a flat transaction,  ie buy for $20 and sell to Frontera for $20.   2.    The Ercot Asset book is long 5 mw's for offpeak Monday at $11.25.    Sell this or leave to the pool, as necessary.     I will be long this power offpeak for the balance of next week 10/16-19.    I think that Saturday morning will come in strong, as we are getting some cooler weather.    I think also that some larger units are coming off line,  which will put upward pressure on the offpeak.   Each member of the group needs to tell me what positions they want.       Next day onpeak is trading for $20.5,  offpeak is trading $11.25. Where is the value???   Lets  trade it up!   JMF 
   Isaac needs to be set up with a certificate for the Ercot Portal.    Is there a form I need to fill out for this?   JMF 
   Ben,  My new employee,  Isaac Wong,   needs a turret id.    He will need to copy someone else's phone list as well. Can you help?  Thanks,  JMF 
 thanks harley man 
