tab please.  I need back by around 2:00. 
 Please disregard for PGG. 
 Please call me as soon as you get this. Tod is out of the office. 
 My cell is 713-408-0929, my home is 713-664-0838.  I will also have my blackberry on. 
 What do you think? 
 I have revised it.  Steve, I hope you have time to look at all the other ones that were tuned in to make sure thy are right. 
 Thanks for all your help on the latest Corp firedrill.  Corp has notified me that they may call me over the weekend with questions.   Please e-mail with a number I can reach you at in case I need to contact you.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Has your 4th Q changed? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I heard that you asked for this in staff meeting this morning.  2002 Corporate aviation hours budgeted for:  Stan  120 hours $510,000 NNG    50 hours  $200,000 
 Well, the stock price is down $1 and some change because of the 3Q 10Q.  I went over the 4Q numbers with Stan.  He was ok with them.  I am either sitting in for him or accompanying him to the Whalley meeting today.  Enron announced they are going to have layoffs next week.  I am sure you have seen the e-mail.  The office is quiet.  How are things going up there?  Are you leaving this afternoon? 
 It has been great to spend time with you.  I am really going to miss you this week.  I need a kiss before I leave. Don't forget to order your ham.  Love you. 
 Can you have someone run a project report for me on Monday for work order #014107 on TW.  Thanks 
 fyi 
 No PGG? 
 FYI.  Highly confidential 
 I don't thing you need to until you get back. 
 Somber.  I don't think people were surprised about the layoffs.  I am planning to leave the office after the Whalley meeting unless you need anything? HOw are thing going up there? 
 Thanks. You have a nice holiday too. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Will you have to work? 
 Meeting with Whalley was interesting.  They are laying off 2000 people next week.  Shutting down EGM, EIM, possibly EEOS, alot of Networks, Broadband and Corporate.  I hope you are not working too much over the holidays.  Have a good one.  You can reach me by Blackberry or cell phone. 
 Iet me know if I can help. I will be back friday -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What is happening to the stock price?  I heard it was at 5?  Its not looking too good is it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Can you help me with this one? 
 Can you tell me how much has been approved on this work order? 
 Thanks 
 Does this reflect what was in the TW Commercial 2002 Capital Budget that we reviewed with Stan? 
 I am not sure if you  received the answer for this one, so here it is. 
 yes. do you need something? 
 It was a lady and we told her where you were.  I will call and check. 
 I have Rod's staff meeting, but I can miss it if that is the only time you have available. 
 thanks 
 9:00-10:00 okey? 
 Red Rock capital spend estimated $72 million for the 120,000/d 
 I need you to sign something right away.  Where are you? 
 We can probably do this.  However, if Steve Harris has not approved by then, I will not be able to send.  Why so early?  Why not first thing Friday? 
 I am not sure I understand what you need here? 
 2001 Estimate $36.5  2002 Plan $35.5 
 2001 Plan.  I don't really have a current estimate so to speak.  Will that work? 
 no 
 Are you ready to go? 
 Sure.  Just e-mail or call me when you are ready. 
 Can you guys help me with this one? 
 Is this cost center listed on our cirect corporate charge list for 2002 or 2001? 
 Any special requirements i.e. # of reviewers, peers, etc.? 
 Is this ok? 
 FYI we sent this to treasury at their request. 
 I was planning to attend. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What do you think?   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will join your call around 1:30 and I will leave around 1:50.  Let me know if I miss anything. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will be listening in fr a little while -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Steve Gilbert is working on this.  How soon do you need it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I need you to onsolidate into one schedule for TW.  Get with Mary for format. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I hope to have before the end of the day. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Is there a meeting with Kevin Howard today on this? I would like to attend if so.  Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have a meeting with Stan on Dec. 13.  I will see if I can schedule for the following week. 
 I am working on it. 
 2002 is actually 15 million.  WE will reformat and send to you shortly. 
 tab one is for 2001 tab two is 2002.  Let me know if there is something else. 
 Ok.  Did you tell Steve?  I Guess that's additive to my stretch? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am in a due diligence meeting until 6:00.  I can review afterwards and get back to you tonight.  Is that ok? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am okey with this.  Thanks  Tracy 
 9:30 ok? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can get them -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Azurix 2002 Plan Review Monday, October 29th from 2:30 to 5:00 in Stan's office. 
 Ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 steve kleb can help you. 
 yes.  have you heard the latest.  S&P downgraded us triggering 3.3 billion in debt due and they have halted trading at $1.1. 
 Usually Paul Garcia works with Susan Ralph 
 approved 
 ok.  everyone is panicing around here.  any thoughts? 
 fyi 
 I really, really, really miss you! 
 We are meeting briefly with Danny this afternoon in EB 1336.  Let Audrey know if you want to call in.  We can e-mail you something.  Thanks  Tracy 
 what time frame do you want for these projections? 
 Unfortunately, something has come up and Stan will not be able to meet Friday from 3:00-5:00.  He would like to me the morning of October 5 from 8:30-12:00 in EB 5029?  Please let me know as soon as possible if this will work.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 This is due on October 4.  Tod and Valerie lets discuss.  Please call me. 
 I passed out the Corp format last Friday at with some detail of O & M by legal entity.  I would like to have this by first thing by Monday.  Please let me know if you can't do this. 
 thanks 
 yes 
 fyi 
 I wish I could spend every day and every night with you.  You know I love you very much and I will try to be with you as much as I can.  I can't wait to see you.  Let me know what time I should meet you downstairs.  Love, Tracy 
 no problem 
 I will not attend.  Thanks 
 Is Brian available? 
 Actually, we are working with each group to see why their charges are up and we are trying to get them reduced.  We will discuss with Stan at our ETS review and do further follow up if necessary.  We actually met with Terry West and Dawn Derr last week to get their input and contacts. 
 James will send out a file with the cost elements listed shortly. 
 James will send something out shortly 
 Sure.  Let us know when they are and if any of the other EGS groups have questions maybe they can sit in? 
 Tricoast  Doug Kelting 713-461-5255 ext.16  I love you. 
 What do you think? 
 ok 
 Rod and I will be in Portland that day. 
 Is this my $10MM 
 Please take me off the list and add Jennifer Lev.  Thanks 
 We leave the Enron hanger to fly to Portland at 7:30 that morning. 
 I will not be able to make it. 
 fyi 
 I ordered the pastries.  I will bring them on Saturday.  Don't forget to make the ice cream.  I can't wait to be with you tomorrow. I love you. 
 Greg Lewis sent me the user count I will try to look at it the week of Oct 15.  They do have several Corp credits, not billing stock options and lower MMF. 
 Keith Dodson will be attending this meeting via telephone.  Please make sure he has any handouts ahead of time.  Thanks 
 Stan said last week that he would like to do a EGAS 2002 Capital Budget Review.  When do you think we can do this? 
 What do you think? 
 Cindy,  Please ask Stan if he is okey with the attached agenda for the Lay 2002 Plan Reviews. 
 okey.  I already responded that I could not meet on Friday.  Since we will be out of the office, I will need the extra time. 
 If they can split by business unit they must have by company.  The FERC nor the partnerships will accept these charges unless we have the data to send the costs to them.  I really need something like yesterday.  I thought we had this resolved a long time ago. 
 Thanks 
 I love to make you happy.  I have been having hot flashes all afternoon!  I would really like for you to spoil me forever.  I love you,  Tracy 
 I have attached examples from NNG presentation.  Lindy, you might want to use accountability slide format. 
 ETS  103 PGG  28 EREC 53.2 Azurix (not including Marlin) (5.2) Clean Fuels (21.1)  I need to double check this one this morning.  We talked about EGAS yesterday.  Its their 2nd CE plus ( in this case minus) the assets we have picked up.  We will review updated 4Q with Stan on Tuesday afternoon.  I will have to check with EEOS unless you already have.  Sorry for the delay, I had to talk to Rod. 
 I do not have a copy.  Steve Harris sent to Danny directly. 
 I would say expect to file to TW slide for Sun Devil.  I am checking on the connections to gas fired plants. 
 ask her to let us know the outcome of the conversation tomorrow asap.  thanks 
 The SAP costs were included in the ETS overhead in Adaytum.  We have taken that out and added to each pipes Corporate Direct.  The cost of $6.0 million will be divided equally amongst the four pipes.  Mary will change all but NBP.  Cheryl please make change for NBP.  This is per Rod's instructions.  When we get the user list we will revise.   Thanks  Tracy 
 I believe in 2001 it was $5.5.  Clean Fuels and HPL received some in 2001 and not any in 2002. 
 fyi 
 let me know if you have any comments as soon as possible.  thanks 
 What are these charges for? 
 approved for view only 
 Thursday morning works for me.  I would also like to include Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho.  Thanks 
 This should go against the environmental reserve on 1N9.  Can you help her out? 
 I have attached the current estimate.  I am not sure it is right because I was confused on how they have been booking it.  I feel comfortable that the total year is right.  Its the line that totals $118 for the year. 
 Attached is the resume for the interview I set up on Thursday, Oct. 18.  Rod at 2:30 and Michael at 3:00  Thanks 
 The 4th Quarter Forecast Meeting with Stan scheduled for Thursday, October 18 has been canceled.  Rod and I will meet with Stan separately.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
   Steve Harris was still working on the TW presentation.  You or Mary Kay will have to call and ask him for it tomorrow.  Thanks  Tracy 
