the support and resistance each day.  It would be nice to have EOL change the stack manager so that we can switch a product from manage market depth to last trade is mid with the click of a button, and not go through the product properties.  I'll call them tomorrow.  Let's also decide on a time to close the products each morning.  We want to send the message of reliability, but also allow our Ops group to balance and nom.  I want to begin trading the next day cash by 11:01 am every day.  This would stay active until 4:00.  The push is for PHYSICAL.  Our edge over the market will be phys.  From risk to the ability to nominate and invoice, the other platforms will never see it coming. What are the chances that ICE and espeed will deal with el paso flows?  If information is the reason for EOL, then this will provide it.  It all seems so simple - Fixed priced physical, just when you thought it was old economy.  The reliable indices to big position trading to EOL market share, all benefit under the new mantra.  Mike 
 Hello.  The west gas desk would like to send a mailout to our EOL customers regarding the new opportunity to trade "odd lots" on every physical product. EOL has been instrumental in providing liquidity to previously illiquid physical delivery points in the west for standard volumes of 5000 mmbtu/d and greater, but we would like to notify our customers that EOL will now accommodate odd size lots, in 1 mmbtu increments.  This will allow us to trade the "non-standard" volumes with all of the market.  Do we have a creative team that might be able to assist us in our efforts? We were thinking about a one page mailout with a clear message.  We would like it to be very upbeat and funny.  Thank you for your assistance.  I can be reached at x37031.   Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby Director, West Gas trading 
 Anne,  After NX1 going forward, I would like to load my final positions in the LIQBasis tab in NCD.  The positions will include basis, physindex and gd index positions.  We can then run settlement index scenarios to see what my risk will be to index postings.  This will be a huge benefit.  Gracias, Mike 
 Please read the following email from EOL.  I have asked them to assist the West desk in mailing out an ad to all of our customers (utilities, producers, industrials, and some IPPs) notifying them of our plan to reduce the minimum volume accepted on all of our EOL products.  Start thinking of which customers should be on the list and try to think of a creative way to present this to our customers.  EOL has asked us to provide them with the text of our message.  Also, let's go ahead and reduce the min volume on our products (primarily all phys and gas dailies) this week.  We are attempting to capture all of the odd lot flow in the market.  I would see this service as a clear advantage over the other web platforms.  Let's get together on Friday afternoon at Ninfa's to discuss our ideas.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you, but shouldn't the products be listed as follows.  GD/D PG&E CtyG-HHUB, PG&E CtyG-Socal, Socal-Malin, PG&E CtyG-Malin.  Please let me know what you think.  How would the legal description read?  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you very much.  Mike 
 Will you please get me access to manage the SJ physical product? I would like to link it for prompt month information.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please add PG&E citygate GD/D -  HHub GD (basis) to the database.  Also, I would like to check on the status of the Baja spread product.  Please sweep the new products in FIN basis, Fin swaps, and non-tx physical <or= to 1 month.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please order two new monitors for me.  I will be adding the two to the left of the four screens I currenly have.  please request the arms as well.  thanks mike 
 call me before 12:10.  i am taking a half day. 
 Thank you for contacting me.  The new baby is doing great.  I would like to add you guys to the box if you are interested.  I would also like to have your west physical guys on my box.  It has been brought to my attention that APB has great fixed price physical flow.  If you are not aware, I am running the physical desk as well.  Let everyone know that it will based on one condition - All numbers or no numbers.  We do not wish to participate in a closed market.  Call me later.  Mike Grigsby 713-853-7031 
 Please add Monique Sanchez to the US GAS Basis products for the west region. She will be managing the OCT SJ, PERM, Scal, Opal, etc. basis spreads to the Henry Hub.  I can be reached at 713-853-7031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 We need to run regression on this load profile for Palo Alto.  We should back out the industrial class and run their residential load.  Can you find reliable weather for Palo Alto?  Kim Ward is signing a full requirements deal with Palo on PG&E.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mo,  Are your reports still available for EOL that you created months ago?  I would like to turn them over to the fundies group ( Matt Smith) tomorrow.  Mike 
 Call me to discuss my discussions with the guy in charge of steel.  The guy was most disturbing.  There will not be any opportunity to contact this guy in the near future.  Grigs 
 Will you transfer all of the existing SJ 100% flow deals to the new curve? Please coordinate with the desk to identify all deals executed prior to the new curve being created.  Thanks, Mike 
 The box will be turned on Wednesday.  Thanks for the email regarding my baby.  Talk to you in the morning.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.  Thank you for the invite the other day.  I just had my second child, so I am little busy.  We will be turning on the box with natsource gas daily today.  I apologize for the inconvenience. The information reported internally warranted suspending business with Natsource for a few days.  I am not interested in hearing your side of the story.  Business as usual here forward.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Dear Tom,  I am glad you like the website.  When you go into the personalize myquotes filter, select the commodity, region, and products.  You will need to scroll down the products list and select the US GAS phys index points of interest to you.  Please call me if you have any problems.  Your filter can then be sorted by right clicking on the filter at the column heading.  You can sort by five different groupings.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Dear Tom,  Enron would be interested in getting together with other trading partners to discuss listing other index points at the Socal border.  I think the market requires other postings to reflect the fundamental changes in the market with respect to transportation constraints.  The market has clearly seen a divergence in the summer spreads between PG&E and Socal interconnects.  The marginal generation load in SP-15 and Southern California this summer has proven that Socal Gas is short delivered gas and is incapable of meeting daily demand with flowing supplies, and will be incapable of injecting gas during these months.  Because of this, supply being transported from the Southwest supply basins can only find a home going into PG&E.  This places downward pressure on PG&E Topock gas and upward pressure on Socal Topock gas.  Remember, Socal is an island, not because of the delivered capacity to the border via EPNG and TW, but because of the limited capacity of Socal's interconnects.  Demand exceeds the supply interconnect capacity.  There is also a divergence between Ehrenberg and Topock because of liquidity.  Topock is a more liquid market because of the upstream transport contracts on EPNG and downstream buying patterns of certain Socal markets. The market is more diversified at Topock than Ehrenberg.  The overwhelming demand pressure on Socal gets exposed at Topock.  Although Ehrenberg is the marginal point for gas into Socal, there is more of an imbalance in upstream capacity (EPNG and TW) to downstream capacity (Socal Topock 545,000/d) at Socal Topock than at Ehrenberg.  The Socal Ehrenberg interconnect has 1.1 bcf of capacity and is primarily sourced by one market transporter.  Ehrenberg simply gets placed at "market prices" because of varying objectives.  One transporter may place gas to larger buyers to ensure flows, while smaller buyers on Socal may not approach this transporter for supplies.  This illiquidity has led to a spread existing between Topock and Ehrenberg.  Picture  the market, San Juan gas is trading well below the Permian and Waha basins, which happen to be the marginal supply points for the west.  Because of the of the limited capacity going into Socal Topock, every transporter on EPNG and TW wants to fill their contracts with San Juan gas first.  These molecules compete for Buyers at a limited delivery interconnect. Likewise, all Buyers reach out for supply coming through a limited delivery interconnect (Topock). The San Juan then trys to find an outlet going east on the SJ east leg of EPNG.  This transport leg simply displaces Permian gas going into Plains North and allows Permian gas to head west to Ehrenberg on the EPNG south mainline.  While the Socal market peaks in the summer, so does the EOC demand.  Permian west (Keystone West meter)  cannot satisfy both the EOC demand and the Socal demand.  So for the first time ever, we saw EPNG Waha West at maximum capacity to source transport contracts on the EPNG south mainline.  This tells the entire story.  When demand exceeds all available historical supply points, and begins to reach to Waha to meet Ehrenberg demand, you have a paradigm shift.   This eliminates any correlation that may have existed between the supply basins and the market area.  When Keystone West reaches maximum capacity, the rule of market spreads not exceeding the max rate transport rate then dies a fast death.  There is simply no available capacity at the Keystone West meter to allow a shipper to buy max rate transport on EPNG and ship it to Socal.  If you asked the market what the maximum interconnect capacity at Keystone West is, 9 out of 10 would not know.  This leads to blaming market participants for wide spreads that are above historical levels.  It is like Al Gore blaming "big oil companies" for the high prices of gas, when all refineries are at maximum capacity.  There simply isn't the capacity to meet demand.  The supply exists, but there isn't enough refining capacity available to meet demand.  Fundamentals rule the market in all cases.  I would like to propose the following index points for the Southern California border.  The market would  be better served with supply being included in these index points.  One, Socal CA production/Socal storage/EPNG Ehrenberg, Two, Topock TW and EPNG, Three, KRS/Wheeler Ridge.  The market will be experiencing more changes with respect to the Socal restructuring in the future.  We will then address the different interconnects and propose an index for the Socal citygate as well.  Call me on Monday to discuss the Enron Online download.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby Director of West Trading 713-780-1022 
 Ina,  I need to add my son, Clark Watson, to my beneficiary list for medical, etc. Please let me know what I need to do to complete this task.  Thank you, Mike 
 Tom,  See the email below for the ID and password.  Call me on Monday to discuss the download process, if you should have any questions.  You will log into www.enrononline.com and I think you will need to download shockwave media (the site should walk you through this process). Once you have typed in the ID and password, you will then have the option of setting up a personalized quote page.  Also, call me about where to see our posted daily indices each day on the website.  Enron releases the weighted average of all gas traded at each physical point every day.  Thanks,  Mike 713-853-7031 
 The guest view only password is in the process of being approved.  I apologize for the delay.  I will send you the information as soon as I get it.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Yes.  I would like to see the var and desk positions.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Anne,  I would like to check the index positions in the physindex tab in NCD. Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals.  Please look at the PG&E CG positions for May-Oct, I added the transport positions already.  I would like to add a KRS row in the physindex summary to account for the 20000/d transport that we have.  Also, please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab.  We can review in the afternoon.  You are doing a great job.  I am sorry that I have not had a chance to thank you recently.  The market is distracting me.  Sincerely, Mike 
 I received an email this morning regarding the reports viewer.  I agree with restriciting the access to these sensitive reports, but I don't agree with removing myself from those allowed to review positions.  I not only run one of the largest financial books on the floor, but I also manage the West physical book.  Phillip Allen passed on the IM WEST physical book to me two months ago.  While Phillip acts as manager of the sub books in the west, I am managing all physical positions.  Mike Grigsby 
 Do I not have access to the reports?  Please let me know.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Thank you for all of the emails.  The baby is doing great.  Mike 
 Your replies are brief and extremely vague.  I will assume that you are not interested.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Thanks for the update.  Try to stay flat on all gas dailies tomorrow.  Our length is good for now.  Let's stay flat for now in the oct index. I will be working from home in the morning.  Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus.  Also, please have Patti email her sheets also - the pipeline summary and flow reports.  Download the hearme.com software and login on my pc to use the mic, or the headset in one of the drawers on the right.  Tell Philip that I will be using hearme.com.  Mike 
 Steve,  Start buying N-M citygate index this week.  Pay as much as necessary to get resonable size.  I am thinking 100,000/d for the winter.  Grigsby 
 keep buying N-M socal gd index up to plus .04.  I will buy as much as they want to sell.  talk to amerex.  Mike 
 Can you put a tab together for our phys index positions NOV-MAR?  Thanks  Mike 
 Let's continue to buy Socal  for the rest of the month.  I would like to sell Rockies, and remian neutral on Permian and San Juan, unless it looks like the maint on washington ranch will have a bullish effecst on the basins.  I will leave it up to you to determine.  I will call later.  Mike 
 Let's continue to go long sep swing on Socal.  I am willing to as long as we can each day.  The plan of getting short for OCT bidweek no longer applies because of reduced basis risk in OCT basis.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Please make the return on Sunday earlier.  Before 12:00 would be great.  Thanks, Mike 
 When do we expect to hear back from NGI on the sep index?  Grigsby 
 Can we create a San Juan phys for Oct bidweek?  What did we decide with this product - swing only?  If we do, I would like to link it to the basis plus nymex, or to the fixed price gas daily (fixed price gas daily will be rolled out during bidweek this month because of our risk in gd basis going forward).  I want to roll the Inside Ferc phys points out during bidweek 7-4, as defined by Inside Ferc, last trade is mid.  The NGI index points will be out 7 to 4 during bidweek, as defined by NGI.  We will plan on sending the data to both index publications.  Time open to market, time of actual trade, counterparty, price, etc.  This will be considered their last opportunity to be accurate or we will decline to participate until their numbers are audited.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please contact Keith Holst if you should have any questions regarding the new spread products.  Please let him know when they are completed.  I will be out of the office until Wednesday.  Thank you very much.  Mike Grigsby 
 I am sure that you are aware of the move to daily basis from monthly.  The west desk will be trying to phase out monthly for daily in the next month. We have created term gd basis vs. the HHub gd through apr-oct 01 for all index points.  Grigsby 
 I created the term gd basis products for waha, perm, sj, opal, and malin this weekend.  Call Dale or Melba to activate.  Keith and I briefly discussed how we would handle the new responsibility.  I am fine with managing the prompt month gd basis, while you guys manage the term.  I will be back in the office this week and we can talk about the products.  Would we handle the monthly the same way?  When do we plan to phase the monthly out?  Have Phillip manage the perm and waha basis until I return.  Dale is also working on the Baja and Redwood on/off system spreads.  We can roll these out for all terms as well.  See you this week.  Grigsby 
 Greg,  Are you interested in discussing opportunities with E*steel at another time?   I would like to have Mr. Belew call you to set up an appointment in the near future.  Let me know what your objective is with Enron Networks, and if you are pursuing the same online platform growth in steel that we are in natural gas.  Do you see opportunities in trading steel products as a commodity at some point, and if so, will Enron be active in making markets not only on EOL, but on other platforms?  I appreciate your taking the time to entertain their questions.  Thank you for your assistance.  sincerely, Mike Grigsby Director, West Gas Trading x37031 
 Greg,  I wanted to forward this letter to you that I received from a good friend of mine who is interested in discussing global steel trading oppotunities with Enron.  If you don't mind, I would like to have Chase Belew call you to possibly set up a meeting.  I work on the west gas trading desk.  You can reach me at x37031.  Thank you for your assistance.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Good morning.  Any news on the spread products for the west?  The titles are Baja and Redwood spreads.  Call me to discuss.  Dale is aware of these.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I was out yesterday to become a father and Courtney was rescheduled for Monday.  I will call Bruce Garner this morning.  His number is 713-345-7321. I will let you know when the baby finally comes.  Grigsby 
 Please make a few minor changes to the Scal product.  I would like it read GD/D SCal - HHUB.  I apologize about the mistake, but SCAL is a premium to HHUB.  We also need to take a look at the description, fixed and floating.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Monday at 11:30 would be great.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I would like to get access to the new westpower website.  Phillip Allen asked me to contact you for access.  I work with Phillip on the west gas desk.  I can be reached at 713-853-7031.  Thank you.  Mike Grigsby 
 Bruce,  I work with Phillip Allen in West Gas Trading and he talked to Greg Piper about the letter attached below, and Greg told us to forward it to you. Mr. Chase Belew and Mr. Carleson, with E*Steel, would like to meet with you to discuss market opportunities in the global steel market.   I would like to have Mr. Belew call you to set up a time to meet with you.  Would this be a problem?  Please call me to discuss.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Please set up the product as Gas Daily Basis GD/D HHUB - SCAL.  We will use this until we decide to create a subgroup of daily basis products.  Thank you for setting this up today.  Mike Grigsby 
 Dale,  Will you please create the following products for me when you get the chance?  I would like to have GD/D HHUB vs EP San Juan,  GD/D HHUB vs. EP Permian, GD/D HHUB vs. Malin, and  GD/D HHUB vs. Kern/Opal.  These will look like the GD/D HHUB vs. SCal that we currently have in EOL.  Also, Can I please create three Gas Daily basis products. GD/D BAJA spread - This spread will simply be the GD/D SCAL vs. PG&E Citygate. The GD/D Redwood off-system spread - GD/D Malin vs. SCal.  The GD/D Redwood on-system spread -   GD/D Malin vs. PG&E Citygate.  Call me to discuss.  Thank you.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Hello.  We were wondering if the DOT report has been issued.  Please let us know where we may be able to access this report when it becomes available.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby West Trading 
 Hello.  My location is 3210C.  Come by when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 Keith has your email.  He will send you the data.  His number  is x37069. Feel free to call him right now if you want to.  Thanks, Mike 
 What time should we expect the technician?  Mike Grigsby 
 I will be coming back on this flight.  Please disregard my request to go directly to Las Vegas.  I will need a flight to Las Vegas on the following Friday and returning Sunday morning.  Thanks, Mike 
 The scanner is not working.  Please come by my desk when you get the chance.   Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 I logged into the trading cluster and it appears that it is quite similar to general cluster.  Can we please load the programs that I emialed you earlier?  I am going to be out of the office in the next few weeks and I will need access to all trading apps.  Thank you for your assistance.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 I would like to see if the following applications are installed in the Trading Cluster.  TDS position manager, CQG, Dow Jones telerate, IP TV Viewer, Microsoft Internet Explorer.  Thank you.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Is this a real product?  Do we need Larry May to price these spread options?  Mike 
 I tried logging in to corp, but it failed because it prompted for new hardware - a 3COM card?  Should I get a phone number of one of the technicians, so that I may call them from my house when I try to log in.  Also, the guys set up a hub for my desktop and laptop.  How do I have the laptop share the printer (which is connected to my desktop)?  Do I use Network Neighborhood?  Thanks, Mike 
 thank you. 
 I approved this today.  Mike 
 Please have the technician bring another network cord for the laptop.  I would like to connect it to the nortel hub as well.  My laptop is here at work, so if they need it to install the VPN, etc., please let me know.  Thanks,  Mike Grigsby 
 What is the latest and greatest on my PC?  Please let me know what the next step may be?  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 That was the main factor.  The cash market also had a difficult time trading higher than 14.50.  The basis curve was on its way to contango, when it has lived in backwardation for some time.  This created resistance on the basis curve.  The PG&E announcement pushed it over the edge.  Market is back up today on stronger cash and the socal edison announcement.  Mike 
 Any news on my DSL and Nortel connection at home?  Please let me know.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Any news?  Call me when you get a chance.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Please let me know what the next step will be for setting up the nortel box. x37031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Ina,  Please follow up with these guys and try to schedule for this afternoon, around 5:45.  Thanks!  Mike 
 Thank you.  Please let me know what you guys plan to do.  I can meet someone at the house this afternoon.  Call me at x37031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Directions to my house.   We will see between 5:15 and 5:30 Monday.  West of the Galleria, take San Felipe down to Fountainview and take a left. You will pass the Rice Epicurean store on your right.  Go straight to the first light, take a right on Burgoyne.  You will pass through Potomac and Nantucket, continue into Briar Grove neighborhood.  When you come to the stop sign, take a right on Briar Ridge.  My house is on the southwest corner of the next intersection, Meadow Lake and Briar Ridge.  My ophone number is 713-780-1022.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I am not sure. How can I tell?  Mike 
 Did this really happen? 
 Hello.  Are you saying that under no circumstances can you upgrade the memory on this desktop pc?  The technician said that it would simply take another memory design.  Let me know when you have the right memory available to install.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Jay and Matt,  We should get together and build a gas consumption model for the new generation in the west.  We should identify the delivery point and then continue to monitor their status.  This will provide us with more information behind our Socal/Rockies spread.  Thanks,  Grigsby 
 Jeff,  Thank you for the resume.  I am interested in talking to you about Jennifer Bagwell, as well as discussing the possibility of moving Susan Scott back to my book.  I will talk to you tomorrow.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 I told you Friday that I would make 2.5 million.  The actuals came in right around 1 million due to a correction to the Sumas GD curves and an overestimate of $450,000.  Sorry about the mistake.  Grigsby 
 Thank you.  After 3:30 would be perfect.  Mike 
 I will attend.  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Thanks.  I don't think that there should be a fin gd swap position of 12 lots in the mojave index column.  Please check to see how the deal was booked.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please make two colored copies of this document.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Thank you.  This is for my laptop, right?  Mike 
 Launch. 
 Yes.  Thank you. 
 Yes, I will be out of town on the fourth.  Mike Hendricks called today to invite me to become a member of TCYC.  I accepted.  Thanks for all of your help.  We will show our appreciation for your help when we get back from our vacation.  Enjoy France.  Grigsby 
 Thank you for your help.  I will be out of town until Monday.  Let's get together on Monday afternoon to discuss more options for calculating VAR intraday.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I received a notice to provide feedback on Jose Marquez.  My review is brief, but very favorable.  The west desk is very pleased with Jose's contribution. He has gone out of his way to assist each of us.    Jose communicates the weather and its impact very clearly.  Let me know if you need additional information.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 THANK YOU. 
 Thank you for the information.  The links seem to be duplicates.  Let me know if you meant to send another link for the product.  I'll call you after I take a look.  Grigs 
 http://ectpdx-sunone.ect.enron.com/~ctatham/navsetup/index.htm      PALLEN WESTGASX   http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/    ECT RESEARCH PAGE 
 Hello.  Please stop by my desk when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 3210C x37031 
 No.  I'll let this one go.  Thanks,  Grigsby 
 Anne, it looks like the socal position for socal is incorrect.  The position looks much smaller than it did today.  Please check to see if Patti made changes to deals in sitara.  Gracias, Mike Grigsby 
 Craig,  Did you ever follow up with Kim Ward and the desk on the contract language for the deal or deals you did with CA endusers?  We need to make certian that the customers are signed to the correct contract for balancing, etc.  Please get with me to discuss.  Mike Grigsby 
 Anne, can we add the new pg&e topock curve to the basis transport tab?  Also, the LT transport section is showing the transport positions through 2002, which is incorrect.  Please review the transport deals in the model and delete the positions.  Thanks, Mike 
 Yes, Please forward me the login and password again.  I would like to be included in Enron's corporate wide license.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 I will use this pc for bloomberg only.  I already have two pcs.  One for normal networking and one for EOL.  My login is mgrigsb and my password is mike0coco.  My lotus notes password is mike2coco.  Please feel free to install the pc and monitors on Thursday or Friday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please include me on this trip.  Have Ina reserve a plane flight for us if you don't mind.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please sign me up for the new parking garage.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 454-69-0782 x37031 
 Anne,  What was this converation about?  Let me know what they wanted.  Thanks, Mike 
 We need to talk about the contract language for Holly Sugar.  Please see Kim Ward about some of the language we have used for full-req customers on PG&E.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please call me.  I believe I ordered a bloomberg machine only.  Does it some with its own operating system or is it offered through the network?  Please let me know before coming to install.  I already have two computers.  Thanks, Mike 
 We now have a PG&E topock basis product on EOL.  The curve is currenlty mapped to Socal with the differential to Socal being calculated in the physical index curve.  Let's work on setting up this curve on Tuesday so that it shows the accurate value for fin deals.  We can have the curve calc off of a discount to citygate in Keith's spreadsheet.  Mike 
 Anne,  Can we add PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock index points to the NCD locations? I think we discussed that they can't be added because of their association with Socal curves.  Let me know.  Also, can we add the new rockies index locations to the NCD sheet?  It would be nice to see these locations broken out in detail.  Mike 
 We need to make certain that the transport  for Pasdena is booked properly in sitara.  I am taking a flash to actual hit on P&L because of our inability to book this deal properly.  I need the transport booked in sitara at index to index, and then book the fixed cost payed to Pasadena in an index minus sale to them at the border.  Please run a minibook of the transaction thru the remaining term and let me review it.  Please let me know when this has been fixed.  Kim, what is the cost of the transport for the month of May?  Did we roll the cost from April?  Also, did we change the index in the San Juan to Inside Ferc?   Thanks,  Mike 
 Jay, what are we doing with questar positions?  Are you managing this index point? I have an April position and Mark Whitt is working on a term deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please write up a ticket transferring my CIG and WIC April physical positions to IM denver.  I will be selling CIG index to Jay at CIG index flat and buying the 2000/d at CIG index minus .03.  Also, run a report of all my term index positions at CIG and WIC for the summer, so that we can transfer these to Jay as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 The Rockies index language looks good.  We need to separate the southern border PG&E trades from the southern border socal and Socal trades.  All Socal trades (except KRS, which we have none at this time) go under Socal and southern border - socal wacogs, while the PG&E topock/southern border - PG&E trades go under the Southern border, PG&E wacog.  Please make the change to the sheet and forward a copy to me before emailing.  Thanks, Mike 
 The information is correct.  Please settle with the customer.  Thanks, Mike 
 Anne,  We will need to add a message to the email that we send out to the publications this bidweek.  Let's get together to discuss the text.  We have added new products that will need to be matched with their respective Index postings.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ken called yesterday and we bought 5000/d april from him at 4.87.  He said it could be either Milagro or El Paso SJ.  Please call him and confirm the receipt point.  Thanks, Mike 
 Anne, can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced? 
 Frank Ermis claims that this deal was priced at Index.  He was the Trader on this deal.  Please call him to discuss.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 I made some big changes to the index curves tonight.  Please run a new P&L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be.  I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow.   Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month.  We should have the Baja transport included.  100,000 short for PG&E topock, 80,000 long Citygate, and 20,000 long KRS.  The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, and the balance to pg&e topock. Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month.  What about sj to waha?  Patti, please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals.  Thank you!  Mike 
 Phillip,  Courtney needs me to watch the boys on Thursday in order to get organized before we leave for Italy.  I can be reached on my cell phone 713-408-6256. Please have Anne update the newcurrentday sheet in order to manage my position.  Please call me with any pertinent market information.  I will see you Friday.  Thanks for the help.  Thanks, Mike 
 Can we scrub the transport model P&L for yesterday?  Did the transport being switched to PG&E topock show any losses?  Let me know the breakdown.  Thanks, Mike 
 Is the Baja for April transport in sitara?  Please let me know.  Thanks, MIke 
 Please activate all index producst in section 1125.  Non Texas phys index less than one year.  PG&E, SOCAL, and Socal Ehrenberg.  Thanks, Mike 
 Melba,  Will you please take a look at the term non-texas index products greater than one year and activate them?  The section is numbered (1126) in product manager.  Thanks, Mike 
 Steve,  Let's discuss all of your new rox products for EOL.  I would like to know which products to roll out on EOL for April bidweek.  I would also like to discuss creating a south of Muddy Creek product for Kern gas.  I would assume that it would fall under the IF Kern index.  Thanks, Mike 
 We have created the new southern border index products for Socal and PG&E topock.  Please create your new basis and gas daily products for these indices as soon as possible.   Mattt will need to create the gd index products as well.  Let the brokers know about the new indices  I have the back office setting up new curves to book these deals.  You will have two curves for Socal now.  The curves will show your risk on the old index, as well as the new index.  The new Socal index is the same as the old except that excludes KRS.  I will be taking these phys products out on EOL as soon as possible.  Thanks, Mike 
 Frank,  The new procedures for trading basis are working well.  We still need to get the desk comfortable with submitting orders to you guys, but overall I am pleased with the new procedure.    I need to work on staying out of the basis market entirely going forward. Can you also try to work all basis at Socal through Keith.  Let Keith and Mo see all of your Socal/Malin spreads in the future.  I think I gave you an order to work Apr-Oct 02 socal/malin at the same time Keith was trying to sell a-o 02 socal basis.  I will let him know in the future so that we do not cross him in the market.  Thanks, Mike 
 The index products look great.  Can you have the same constraint language included on the PG&E Topock location for creating the phys forward (fixed price) product?  Let me know when that is done.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Let's talk to Matt about the forecast sheets for Socal and PG&E.  He needs to work on the TW sheet as well.   Also, I would like him to create a sheet on pipeline expansions and their rates and then tie in the daily curves for the desk to use.  Mike 
 Mark,  Please describe in detail, the downstream capacity available to transport this gas.  How does the CIG capacity being sold to Coastal impact this point?  If you can make the case for this gas flowing without constraint, then I see no problem in making a fixed price bid for the full volume.  A rough sketch of the gas location and its downstream flow options would be nice.  Thanks,  Mike 
 I sent an email to Phillip as well.  We will find out. 
 Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.  I am confident that I have cheyenne short positions on this month, but they are not showing up in the intraday tab.  Please check to see if they are booked as kern/opal by mistake.  Thank you.  Mike 
 Melba,  Thank you for your assistance.  These look good.  Mike 
 You guys have no chance of building a strong presence here at Enron.  Susan and I will make sure of it.  Stick to the Galant Night and Blancos. 
 Melba,  Please set up the Souther border, PG&E and Southern Border, Socal inices in the database.  We have new risk coming in April that needs to find a market soon on EOL.   We can have NGI send you the new index posting if you need it.  Also, please acitvate long term index products of one year.  There is also a PG&E topock phys product in the one month category for april that needs to be activated.  I look forward to hearing from you Monday morning.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Pablo,  Will you stop by when you get a chance to do the following:  1. set up network connection to laptop 2. download passport and gasselect on desktop and laptop 3. level the monitors  Thanks, Mike 
 Dear John,  I had a meeting with Phillip after our morning discussion about P&L and it seems that there may be some issues regarding how I run my book.  It was my mistake about whether or not the put options for April Socal were booked properly.  The options were booked properly by Larry May and my Book runners and the profit was realized for 03/08.   My apologies for declaring that the options were not in my position.  Also, the tolls curves are not treated as schedule C.  I will adjust the tolls curves to account for basis curveshift as needed.  My P&L did not match the Socal position because of physical index curveshift and an adjustment to transport.  The discussion and feedback from Phillip regarding your conversation with him concerns me.  I am confident that I run the most accurate physical and financial trading book within Enron.   I will stand on the fact that no one within the market has a better understanding of his/her position better than I.  The physical/financial risk in my book is managed to a standard not seen at Enron since I have been here.   Few people realize the great lengths I go to to manage the risk in the IM West trading book.  I am transitioning from my role as a trader on the west desk to one that it is responsible for communicating with you directly.  Let's get together and discuss exactly what my responsibilities to you will be going forward.   It may be that I relied to heavily on my subordination to Phillip Allen up until this point.  This may have contributed to my miscommunication with you.  I will see that this will not happen in the future.  Thank you for all of my added responsibilities.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Matt, your new responsibility for 7:30 meeting will be to go over all gen outages in the west by region and fuel type, and to discuss the previous days gen numbers and load forecasts.  Including pricing info and heat rates from the Portland guys and/or Megawatt Daily will also help.  Effective on Thursday.  Thanks, Mike 
 Let's have Matt start on the following:  Database for hourly storage activity on Socal.  Begin forecasting hourly and daily activity by backing out receipts, using ISO load actuals and backing out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption, and then using temps to estimate core gas load.  Back testing once he gets database created should help him forecast core demand.  Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets.  Also, break out new gen by EPNG and TW pipelines.  Mike 
 Our associates on the desk have asked why they have been included in the associate evaluation.  Are they in the corporate associate pool or are they simply designated associates on the trading floor?  No big deal - just forwarding their comments.  Mike 
 Thank you.  Will you please show me the detail from yesterday's difference and today's difference?  Mike 
 I would like to take a quiet stroll with you in a dark alley.  Grigsby 
 Yours.  I hate golf. Thanks for thinking of me.  Grigsby 
 We ar so proud of you.  Mike 
 Anne, on the last day of the month we need to send in the index before noon.  Gracias 
 Please let me know when our new socal and pg&e index descriptions are available. Also, please activate the phys  index producst in draft - one year terms 02-04.  Thanks, Mike x37031 
 Let's set up the new indices on Tues.  PG&E topock and Socal border.  Matt and Frank will set up new products for gd swaps and basis.  I am working on the phys index.   Keith will change the socal index from Southern CA border average to Southern  border, Socal.  This new index excludes KRS.  Grigs 
 Will you please set up the 100% flow SJ product?  I would like the title to be just like the current EP product -  no mention of 100% flow on the title. I would like to avoid making this a separate index posting.  Let's make this available to the entire market.  Thanks, Mike 
 What is this for? 
 Let's start thinking about transitioning SJ to 100% flow.  I would like to discuss all of the issues and costs of presenting such a product to the market.  Think about what we might need in the form of Northwest transport, storage, operations personnel, etc.  I realize that this will be risky and that I may experience some financial downside with this endeavor, but I think we should press forward.  Will we need intra-day traders to place the gas? Do we need to establish intra-day relationships with SJ producers, utilities, etc?  Will the allocation on EL Paso in April alleviate some of the cuts?  Let's discuss in detail.  Mike 
 Looks great!  gracias 
 I will submit the move request for the west desk on Monday.  We should have Anne fill this spot. I would like her to keep track of New Current day and all new deals that flow through the desk.  She can coordinate tickets to your group and make sure that they get booked throughout the day.  She can also put physical deals in Sitara.  Let me know what the desktop PC will need to be loaded with.  Start thinking of other tasks that she might be able to accomplish so that your group may get home at an earlier time each day.  You can keep this desk for your own use and rotate people through as needed.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please activate long term phys index products in draft.  They are one year index products 02-04.  Thanks, Mike x37031 
 Will you please set up two new indices in the database.  The first one will be NGI Southern Border, Socal.  This is different for the current NGI Socal border index in the system.  Also, please set up NGI Southern Border, PG&E. Let me know when they have been added.  These indices will begin posting in NGI for April, 2001.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 We should change all settlements at Socal to NGI Southern Border, Socal from Southern California Border average.  This new index excludes KRS fixed priced trades.  Please let the brokers know about the changes to Socal basis going forward.  Please change basis and gd swing swaps (fp and index) in EOL.  Also,  Frank and Matt should set up basis and a gd swap (fp and index) for southern border, PG&E.  This will be the index for PG&E Topock.  This index will be effective for April 2001.  I will have the physical product out there as soon as possible.  Let me know when they have been changed.  Mike 
 Please remind me of this class.  Thanks. 
 It is my understanding that Susan will be starting her new job on the west desk Monday morning.  We are couting on having her full time beginning the same day.  Let me know if I am incorrect.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 Jeff,  Did you allow me access to all gas reports on Executive reports viewer?  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Ina,  Please have the IT group delete all copies of ICE and Altrade from the west desk.  I think Randy is the only one.  Thanks, Mike 
 Dear Jeff,  I am interested in summarizing all of our contracts in the western region and identifying any problems (i.e. penalty language, notification deadlines for OFOs, etc.) that may need to be addressed.  We have experienced a few problems with SW Gas Corp. recently.  They have been penalizing Enron for cuts on EPNG, but when we pursued penalties with them on a baseload one month deal last month, they claimed that all one month deals have been booked on an interruptible contract and cannot be penalized.  This was news to me.  Can you help me identify what types of contracts we are using to transact business with our customers in the west?  I can honestly say that these contracts have not been reviewed by the west desk for some time.  Phillip Allen transferred the desk to me  in August of 2000 and I have not spent the time to review all of contracts.  Let's get together and discuss exactly what I may need.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 
 Good morning.  I am going to unavailable for the interviews on Monday.  The continued Califonia energy crisis and Enron's gas positions will not allow me to leave the desk on Monday.  I apologize for the inconvenience, but my time must be spent in the office.  Please let me know how I may be able to assist the interview process in the future.  I am always willing to help out when I have the time.  Sincerely,  Mike Grigsby 
 Patti, will you please review each of the SW Gas deals on this spreadsheet and let me know which deals they penalized us for?  We are looking to see if they have been penalizing multiple deals or one deal in particular.  They claim that all one month deals fall under an IT contract that cannot be penalized.  I want to make certain that they did not penalize one month deals.  Thanks, mike 
 How do I get the software to operate Socal Gasselect and Passport?  I would like to have them installed on my desktop and laptop.  Thanks, Mike 
 Take a look at my review and let me know if we should any more of your 2000 accomplishments.  I need to get this in your file for HR.  Mike 
 Thank you.  i don't need the value.  I just need the sitara transport report so that I may check the physical positions.  Mike 
 Nice work.  Thanks for the help.  Mike 
 Thank you.  Is there a sitara report that we can run to show the transport in the system through March 2001.  Thank you, Mike 
 Thank you.  We are really excited about the "big Hos"  (Jake's new comment). Coco is busy decorating in her mind.  We will take some pictures this weekend with the digital camera and email them to you.  Mike 
 Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc?  Thank you, Mike 
 Here are the two addresses to add to the bid week spreadsheet distribution.  kdool@mh.com mhenergy@yahoo.com  Thanks, Mike 
 Please send the resume to myself and Patti Sullivan.  I will look it over and talk to Patti about the positions open in the west.  Thank you for the email.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby  x37031 
