d be a great opportunity so things are going a little better at work.  Anwyay let me know what your plans are for the week you come.  I will catch you later man. 
 got it thanks.  Hey I am going to paddys afterwork with some people.  Linda hornbuckle is playing there in the tent area.  Are you game? 
 My pick for week three is San Fransisco 
 What up foolio?  Just thought I would drop you a line and see how things are going in the city by the bay.  Got your address from Sul at Monday nights softball game.  Which we won.  We haven't lost in this section of the fall league and are playing really good ball.  Maybe it is our upgrade at first base.  So I am still not sure if I will be able to come down for the Cal game or not. Right now I am kind of broke from all the flights to LA.  I went and had a few beers with Cheryl last night.  She called me up about 8:00 and I was bored so I decided to go with her.  She got so fucking ass faced.  Man that chick is a train wreck sometimes.  So how is school?  What kind of classes are you taking right now?   You aren't going to convert into being a Giants fan while you are down there are you?  Anyway drop me a line when you get a chance and let me know how everything is going.  Oh by the way:  Beavs update "  We Suck!" 
 Hello,  I am a coworker of Jeff Richters and i entered the pool last week. Please add my pick of Kansas City to the list for the week.  Thank you. 
 no 
 I never got the second set could you send it again. 
 Drink beer!  Down here 
 Hey what are you doing after work? 
 I will be down there earlier than that so just give me a call on my cell when you are coming down.  You might spend a lot of time in line if you go down that late dude. 
 Thank you for your sarcasm in this matter. 
 Hey I only got one of my pages.  i had two 
 You da man! 
 Hey could you do me a favor and fax me my brackets.  i dont really remember all of my picks.  my fax number is 503-464-3740.  email me when you send it. Thanks dude. 
 sounds good.  Do you have my cell phone number? 
 Rick, what are you doing for tommorow.  I would love to go out early before it gets to crowded and then maybe go somewhere a little more mellow later in the afternoon/evening.  Also, are you guys doing anything this evening? Let me know. 
 Arizona over Michigan State, and Stanford Over duke 
 Becky at APS turned down a tag for me last night for HE 4MST that we have been using for several weeks without a problem.  The tag number is 18594. Tis was a sale from EPE to PNM at 4C.  She turned it down saying that EPE is not a control area at 4C and that PNM should be in the CA for the first line.  I argued with her about it for quite a while but she insisted that it was wrong.  Could you please take a look at this and tell me if she is wrong. Thank you. 
 Sounds good man, I talked to Wilson a few hours ago and he is going to try and come up too.  Check ya later. 
 right on,  I work during the day on Friday.  Is Dahl going with you to the rehersal dinner and all that?  If not I am sure i will be grabbing some brews with people after work on friday and you guys are more than welcome to come. Either way lets hang out aftter you are done with all your stuff.  Give me a call on my cell or I will get a hold of you. 
 Bill, FYI.  You have both David Porter and me working on that day shift. Either we need to let the night shift know that they need to come in an hour and a half early, put someone else on that day shift, or change the itenerary.  Let me know when you have this resolved.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Hey kiddo, I just got this mail from you  and apparently never recieved the original.  I assume you are having a party.  When?  How have you been? Congratulations on the new house by the way!  Anyway, let me know when you party is and i will try to be there.  Take care! 
 I dont have an AMEX card 
 Portland actually becomes a happening town for one day a year and that day is St Patricks Day.  There are several pretty cool places that we can go downtown that will be having pretty decent sized parties.   What is your schedule for the weekend?  I have Thursday off, work Friday, Have Saturday off and work Sunday, howe-ver, I think I have someone to work for me on Sunday.  Anyway, let me know your plans, here is my phone number in case Dahl doesn't have it.  Home  503-228-7767   Cell 503-702-0463.  Lets grab some green beers! 
 Chris I have thursday off so give me a call and I will go with you  home: 228-7767, cell 702-0463.  I will also be able to give you the cashish 
 Bill, over the past few weeks we have had quite a few occasions that El Paso has had problems checking out with other control areas due to them providing transmission for other counter parties.  Last night and on several other nights the generation guys at El Paso have been netting out generation schedules with transmission schedules.  On several occasions,including last night,  myself or other members of team have identified this problem for them and have told them not too net the schedules.  However, last night, and on other nights,  for several hours we were 15MW off because they netted a schedule.  Bert, I and other group members have tried to assist them with this issue however, it is becoming a consistent problem and i feel that someone may want to mention it to Roger, Steve, or Tony.   I have tried to address this with generation myself on several occassions however, the problem has become reoccuring.n  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I am pretty busy this week.  I will email you some time next week or something when I have time. 
 Per our conversation here are the deal numbers that I have used for the cuts HE 5 and HE 6 PST on 3/5/01  APS Deal    ( HE 5= 47 MW;  HE 6 =17MW) 537378, 536506. 537386, 502200, 537458  Constellation Deal (HE 5=47 MW:    HE 6=17 MW)  451977, 296959 ,536684, 537492, 537490, 537488  If you have any further question please feel free to contact me.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 FYI.  Bill has made a new schedule for the month of March.  Please take a look. 
 Hey, since I hear you are doing the schedule now after all could you please remember to have me not working March 31st thru the 3rd.  Also since the schedule is totally going to change, if i work the 30th of March could you put me on the day shift instead of night.  I had negotiated some changes so that would work however, since it is going to change anyway please put me on a day shift if possible as I already bought a ticket to leave on the evening of the 30th.  Thanks. 
 I am on cell phone number 503-702-0463. 
 At approximately 6:30 pm on 4/25 Ruth Ashe with PGE notified Enron that there will be a voice mail outage starting the evening of 4/25 and running thru 2pm on 4/26.  If you have any questions or concerns please contact her at 503-464-8663 or 503-323-1254.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Jesse, or Bill. The El Paso model was completely messed up for the entire day when I came in this evening.  I had to change several areas on the second page due to formula errors in mapping the deals over.  I am pretty sure it is correct now however, I would appreciate it if you could double check it for me.  I haven't sent it to El Paso yet as I had to change so many things I wanted a "second set of eyes"  Thanks man.  If maybe you guys could send out an email regarding mapping deals over correctly it would be greatly appreciated as it seems that there are errors on a daily basis 
 Jesse, per my email to Bill last week I need to take March 31st thru April 3 off to take care of some family business down in LA.  I have already purchased my ticket leaving on the evening of the 30th so, if you are planning on scheduling me for the 30th please make it a day shift.  Thanks a lot. 
 Click on the tab for the 28th 
 Bill,  I have some family business that I need to attend to in April.  I therefore need, March 31st thru April 3rd off from work.  It is only four days so I assume it will not be a problem.  I already have March 31st off so if you could just make sure that I have April 1st  thru 3rd off also it would be greatly appreciated.  I am going to book my ticket tommorow evening to take advantage of a good fare so please let me know if there is a problem by then.  Thanks. 
 Hey Dave,  that sounds good to me.  I will see what days I have off of work and get back to you tommorow night but I was planning on coming down for it all along.  Like i said i well let you know tommorow. Hope all is well. 
 Hey chica que pasa?  I am bored and its 2 in the freaking morning and I am sick and this really sucks.  Anyway this wasn't a mail to complain.   I wanted to know if you were still having your party on Saturday,  if I was still invited, if I could bring anything, and how to get to your house.  Well hope your day goes well.  One more night shift to go and then 5 days off for me! 
 Whats up dude?  Sorry I didnt respond to your previous email, I was really busy at work that day and didnt have the time to mail you back.  I am doing okay,  the job is going really good.  Whats up with you.  Things must not be going too well if you have to live with that asshole McGraw huh?  Tell him I said that too.  Anyway, lets grab a beer sometime in the near future.  Do you have a job or a you just lounging around the house all day spanking your monkey? 
 I just came in for a little bit to get my bonus check and to check my email and a couple of other things.  I do have your goggles however i don't thin that i have your ski pants.  You asked me about this last spring but, I couldn't find the pants then either. 
 Not much here I have to work Saturday and Sunday dayshifts, which kind of sucks however, I am usually ok to go out until like 10-11 on nights like that as Saturdays are not too busy.  Is Bailey 3 now? 
 Just bored and writting to say hi.  What do you have going on this weekend? 
 I think the only one I won't be able to make will be the one on the 15th.  I work a night shift that night. 
 I don't think threats of violence are appropriate in the workplace. I am considering filing a complaint. 
 I don't know.  If you are talking about your TV, I won't have a chance to take care of that until next week.  If you are talking about hanging out then I have plans with my friend Kate tonight but none for the weekend 
 Not the you part the Christa part. 
 I have that affect on women 
 Yo whats up with you being so talkative toward me last night? 
 That appears to be so! 
 Didn't your mother teach you that it was rude to not answer someones questions? 
 Personally I don't mind being grabbed unsuspectingly however, I will keep that in mind next time 
 Wanna grab a beer after work? 
 I am totally joking dude!  I appreciate your advice. The major thing is that if I am spending most of my free time down there anyway, I might as well just move there 
 Yes we are 
 I don't even want to go close to what that dream is supposed to me.  You looked pretty good in it though! :)  Anyway whats the story one minute you tell me its a good idea for me to move the next you say I should stay!  Good thing I don't listen to your advice. 
 I forgot to tell you this.  I had a dream a few weeks ago that you called me and said you and Dave were getting married.  Anyway, I was congratulating you and you said that to raise money for the wedding you were going to strip for a couple months and that I should bring my friends down so you would make some extra cash.  So I did and went down there to help you out but got so wierded out by the whole thing that I left.  I don't know why i just remembered that but I thought you would think it was funny. 
 So what the hell is Kims problem.  You have been telling her for months that you were going to move out.  What a bitch.  Regarding the Nicole thing it really isn't that big of a deal anyway.  When I am down there we go out but it's not like we are together or anything.  I wouldn't let them hassle me affect whether I would date her or not but sometimes I just get a little sick of hearing about it all the time.  Nicole is awesome and I like dating her while I am down there.  It is just a wierd situation.   About the moving to LA thing it really is a job issue at this point.  It will be hard to find a job as good as the one that I currently have and that is going to be the real issue. 
 Angela was pissed at a lot of things.  She was mad that we didn't invite her because it was guys weekend but then we ended up hanging out with Jessica and her friends.  The stupid thing was that she yelled at me!   She was really mad that I was hanging out with this Alisha girl most of the weekend.  I dont get it.  I got soo mad at her.  I went off on her about how everytime I hang out with any chicks she gets pissed and it is none of her fucking business what I do.  She said she was mad because I hung out with chicks in Vegas with Jay.  The stupid thing is that Jay didn't even dance with any chicks or anything.  He was on way good behavior.  I completely melted down on her and I told her she needed to go get counseling. The love life is off and on right now. I have been seeing Nicole when I go down to LA however, I think between all the shit her and I get from Jay, my sister, and Chrissy, it really isnt worth the hassle and has kind of made it a little uncomfortable.  I did meet that Alisha girl and hooked up with her a little this weekend.  She is really cool and she is totally someone I would date, if I lived in LA.  We really clicked.  I am going down there next weekend so maybe I will hang out with her instead of Nicole.  I don't know. The Nicole thing with my sister and Jay and Chrissy really pissed me off bad. As far as girls up here my love life is pretty non existant.  There is this girl from work that I really like and we hang out a lot but nothing much has really happened yet.  I am really never here very much anymore.  Anytime I have breaks from work I have been going to LA.  I have been sending some resumes around down there and I am pretty seriously considering moving back. I am just kind of bored with Portland and there really isn't a lot for me here.  You never really talked about whats going on with you these days? 
 hey you.! yeah, sorry about the late night call.  Jay, TJ, Scott, Chrissy, and Nicole and I were out pretty late that night and then came back to my house for a hot tub. We got really drunk becuase earlier in the night Scott got his Porsche impounded for basically no reason and we were bummed becasue we were on our way to this really cool club.  Well anyway, Jay was asking me how you were doing and I was drunk so I gave you a call.  Vegas was absolutely out of control!  We all decided on the way home that it was by far the craziest Vegas weekend any of us had ever been on.  It ended up being me, Jay, TJ, and Brendan.  Jimmy and Kato didn't come.  Anyway, TJ's girlfriend Jessica and some of her friends came out on Saturday.  We all went out to a nice dinner then gambled for a while and then went to some dance club where we proceeded to get in two fights because some dudes were hitting on Jessica.  We got kicked out of the club at the Luxor.   TJ got hit pretty bad and ended up with a black eye, Jay got his tooth chiped and I got sucker punched on the side of my head by some guy that was smaller than Jay.  And that was the mellow part of the evening.! It got even crazier after that as TJ, Jessica , Alisha, and I ended up staying up until 6am.  Then we went and hung out in their room at the Luxor for a couple hours. then went back downstairs and started partying again!  Meanwhile we couldn't find Jay and Brendan anywhere and we were really worried that they might be in Jail. Finally they called us at around 8am from some strip club. Anyway,  I have a ton more stories but this mail is getting too long.  How has everything been with you? Fill me in.  Oh,  I was going to buy a new TV anyway, so I was thinking why, don't we just trade our TV's back and you can use the $$$ to buy yourself a VCR or something. 
 Chris, you can count me in however, with my wierd work hours I am sure there will be games that i wont be able to make.  But  count me in and let me know when you need the money. 
 attatched is the spreadsheet with all of this months pre schedules.  Please send to all the guys.  Thanks 
 Attatched is this months pre-schedules.  Please distribute to all the guys. 
 Hey Katie, I am just getting off work here in a few minutes and thought i would drop you a line.  I am doing good.  I am sorry I missed your call on Saturday night.  I was at home and in bed by 9:30.  I went out until 3 am on Friday night and then Rick and I went skiing on Saturday morning and left at 6:30 am.   We were skiing until 7pm up at Meadows so by the time I got home I just went straight to bed I was soooo exhausted.  Skiing was awesome however, and I did really well as I went and had my skis tuned.  What a difference that made.  While I was waiting for them to be tuned I ended up buying new skis, boots and poles.  I can't wait to try them out!  Anyway, things are going good for me.  I am a little depressed however as today is my Dads birthday. Also Cita is back in the hospital again.  She had another heart failure.  She is doing better though.   I am leaving tommorow morning to spend the rest of the week with my sister/visit Cita and then I am going to Vegas on Saturday with Jay, Jimmy, Caitlin, Nicole and a few other people.  I am excited to go and in a way it is kind of a deal for my dad as he loved to go to Vegas for his birthday and the Super bowl weekend.  Anyway, I better run.  I work tonight so email me back so I have something to read for the night shift.  How is everything with you? 
 I have set up the following BPA account numbers since we have been submitting dec bids at Malin the past few days:  CISO to PUGET  882716 CISO to WWP       681713 CISO to SCL         882790 CISO to Tacoma 882791  I realize these counterparties can pick up at malin however, I thought it would be useful to have these accounts set up in case they are unable or unwilling to pick up at Malin. Also I have added an account number for Turlock to SCL.  SCL has been willing to do Buy/Resales from their system to Malin recently and this should be useful given that Snohomish has recently been unwilling to do so.  TURLOCK to SCL  790612  These numbers have all been added to the RT BPA Account #'s spreadsheet in P:/realtime.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Jesse, this has been done.  I called APS to confirm that they show this however they said they were to busy and they would call me back.  As of this email they have not yet called me back.  They seemed a  little perturbed that I was calling about 1 MW. 
 Hey Dave.  Hope your weekend went well with the girls.  I got a call from my mom tonight that Cita was in the Hospital again.  According to my mom she is doing okay now.  I called Cita on Friday and she said she just felt like she was getting a cold but apparently she went in for the heart failure thing again?  Is that correct.?  Anyway,  I am working the night shift tonight so I will give her a call tommorow afternoon after I wake up.   I called and left you a message letting you know that i am probably not going to Vegas. Everyone kind of flaked out.  So, I will be around the weekend of the Super Bowl and was wondering what you guys might be doing for it.  Also I was going to see if you and Karen would maybe be interested in going up to Big Bear to go skiing for the day on Friday or Saturday.  I thought it might be fun.  I have an extra set of ski's that I was thinking about bringing and leaving down there anyway so I could go without having to hassle with Rentals.  So, let me know if you have any interest in doing that and if you have anything going for the Super Bowl.  Tell Cita I love her and tell Bob to get in shape!  See ya soon! 
 Tate, go to the tab on this spredsheet for 1/22 and print.  Give me a call afterward. 
 Hey there Kim! Sorry this response is so late!  I read your email on a night when I was really busy and then just kind of spaced out in replying back.  So I got your pictures and the card.  Thanks a bunch!  My Christmas went pretty well and I actually got to go out on New years eve as my schedule changed at the last minute.  I went to the Hilton with my friend Valarie and it was pretty cool.  I had a great time and ended up partying in a suite with these girls that I met there until about 5 am.  I talked to Burns a few days ago and I guess he is still seeing that chick.  I didn't ask about the living situation but I would imagine it would take some time to find a place down there.  So anyway how was your New Year.?  How did everything go with Ricky? I would be stoked if you came up for a long weekend or something!  Anyway I gotta run.  Talk to you later! 
 No i guess not I was just giving you some shit and you didn't respond. Usually you respond when I give you shit 
 Herro? 
 So, how are you feeling today?  It was ROUGH waking up at 5am this morning! 
 can i read this at work dude? 
 REAALLY?? I see how it is.  Smell a free dinner and all of a sudden ya wanna hang out 
