oldman Sachs.  Jay Williams in Credit is researching GS and will provide me with a list of entities and documents.  I will pull copies of the documents and give to you.  Thanks!  Marie 
 They were added awhile back.  Here is the updated group list. 
 Sharon:  Can you send me a copy of the physical gas master with Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Never mind, I think I found it.  Thanks, anyway! 
 Hi, Georgi!  In light of the NYMEX being closed last week, the 5 paralegals are involved in a project right now that is taking up our extra time, so we don't know when we would be able to get to this project.  Perhaps someone in your group could come to our area and copy these files.  Just let us know who and when they will be coming and we will help them locate the documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mr. Giordano:  We have received the executed copies of the ISDA Master Agreements for the referenced counterparties, however, we still need to receive the supporting documentation set forth in my letters transmitting the execution copies to you.  For Catequil Partners, L.P., we need to receive items 1-5 set forth in my transmittal letter of 10/11/01 (copy attached).     For Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd., we need to receive items 1-5 set forth in my transmittal letter of 10/11/01 (copy attached).    We look forward to receiving these documents as soon as possible, so that we can close our files.  Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 We have received the following executed financial master agreement:  Type of Contract:			ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:				September 11, 2001  Enron Entity:				Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:				City of Glendale  Transactions Covered:			Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:				New York  Special Handling Requirements:	Please note that only transactions having terms that expire BEFORE June 30, 2002 can be documented under this ISDA Master Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I only asked my assisant over here because she is so sweet and she would like a 10 lb. bag.  I guess we want to get some?  I don't remember what we've gotten in the past--20 lbs.?  Whatever you want to get is okay with me.\  Thanks!  Oops!  Just remember, maybe I'll check with Robbi if that's okay. 
  Is there anything else you need for BP Amoco?  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!!!  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list deleting J. P. Morgan.  Marie 
 Thanks!  Would you be interested in some pecans?  This guy Anne works with has an orchard and he is selling them in 10lb bags at $1.80/lb.  They are not cracked or shelled. 
 Is this okay? 
 Credit has requested that we cancel the Legal/Credit Meeting today. 
 Nidia:  You can fax the guaranty to me (646-3490).  Marie 
 Sharon:  Does ECC have any physical gas masters with J. Aron & Company?  If not, can you send me a sample gtc used?  Thanks!  Marie 
 My gosh that was quick!  Do you have ESP and knew I was going to ask you for this? 
 Per Carol's request, please e-mail Carol, Mary and me with an update on the agreements you are working on.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Hi, Athena!  I apologize for getting back to you so late, but I just saw your e-mail that I printed out this morning.  As you can guess, it's pretty hectic here.  Here is the info I have on Coral and Coastal:  Coral:  Coral Power LLC - I don't have an address, but it is probably the Houston address Coral Energy Holding LP - 909 Fannin, Suite 7000, Houston, Texas  77010 Coral Energy Resources LP - 909 Fannin, Suite 7000, Houston, Texas  77010 Coral Energy Canada, Inc. - 1800, 530-Eighth Avenue S.W., Calgary, Alberta  T2P 3S8  Coastal (part of the El Paso family):  El Paso Corporation El Paso Merchant Energy Canada Inc. - 1001 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas  77002 El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. - 1001 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas  77002 Coastal Chemical Company, Inc. Coastal Coal Company, LLC Coastal Gas Marketing, Inc. Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc. Coastal States Trading, Inc.  This is the only address I have for El Paso/Coastal  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Debra:  Will you pull any masters for me?  Sharon:  Will you check on ECC masters?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Pursuant to Frank Vickers' request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached is the updated assignment list.  Marie 
 David:  Mary has assigned the TXU master netting agreement to you.  We are in the process of gathering the documents and will pass them along to you.  Please contact Steve Douglas in Tax prior to preparing your initial draft/contacting TXU.  Steve's number is x30938.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Frank:  Please have Sequent direct any questions or comments regarding the Master Netting Agreement to Legal.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Here it is, Vanek! 
  Veronica:  FYI.  Let me know what you want to do.  Marie 
 Thanks!  Do we make the check out to you, Hooks Industrial?  Marie 
 Hi, Sharon!  I have a rush project.  Can you check on your end and send me any masters between ECC and Conoco Canada Limited and Gulf Canada Resources Limited?  We have to respond to Conoco by 2:00 p.m. (Houston time) today.  THANKS!!!!!  Marie 
 Hi, Edmund!  Can you assist me in obtaining copies of some confirmations?  I just need a copy of one representative confirmation for the following:  Conoco (UK) Limited and Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited Conoco International Inc. and ECTRIC Conoco Limited and ECTRIC Societe Europeenne de Carburants N.C. and ECTRIC.  You can either fax them to me at (713) 646-3490 or e-mail.  THANKS!!!!!!!!  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!!!! 
 Pursuant to Frank Sayre's request, I am attaching a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement noting certain revisions.  Please contact Frank with any questions or comments.  Thank you!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached is the latest list of master netting counterparties.  Please note that the new counterparties added to the list are in bold.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  I will send you an updated list as I add new counterparties.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Tanya:  Please see Tom Doukas's request below.  Enron Corp. issued a guaranty in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. et al dated March 29, 2001, with a $25,000,000 cap.  This guaranty secured obligations of Enron Credit, Inc. in connection with a Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement.  The cap was increased to $100,000,000 by amendment dated May 15, 2001.  Are you okay with adding ECT Europe Finance, Inc. as an additional guaranteed party?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Please either send me the agreement also or a list of entities so that I can pull agreements.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement assignments. 
 Is John Suttle okay with our providing this guaranty and in this amount?  Also, are you signing a master agreement or a short form confirmation?  I don't know if we can get this guaranty on such short notice, but we'll try.  Marie 
 Sounds good to me! 
 Hi, Sharon!  Have you received my package with the original BP Amoco master netting agreements and, if so, have they been signed?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Uh, oh!  It was sent to Peter in the interoffice pouch.  My assistant said she put it to go on Friday.  I sure hope you find it, cause it has original signatures.  Please let me know what you find out?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Let us know if you hear from credit. 
  Anne:  Elizabeth said I should forward this to you.  Let me know if I can help.  Marie 
  Hi, Diane!  Here's Leslie's e-mail with the revised paragraph.  She said that the revision is "Acknowledgement of relation transactions".  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  THANKS!!!!!  Marie 
 You're right!  Thanks for catching it. 
 Please review the attached Schedule and Paragraph 13 ASAP and let Frank have your comments.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached for your review are a revised Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex.  These documents are currently being reviewed by our credit department and are subject to revision based upon their review of same.  Please contact Frank with any questions or comments.  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Paul:  Pursuant to my voice mail, Elizabeth Sager is finalizing a Master Netting Agreement with AEP that is to be signed by ECTRIC, ECT Resources Limited, Enron Financial Energy Trading and Enron Coal Services Limited.  It appears that John Sherriff is an officer of three of the entities and Stuart Staley is a director of Enron Coal Services Limited.  Will you assist us in getting this document signed by initialling, if appropriate, and obtaining signatures and faxing a signed copy back to us at (713) 646-3490?  If you have any questions, please call either Elizabeth Sager at (713) 853-6349 or David Portz at (713) 853-9239.  Thanks for your help!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 No, it doesn't.  We don't have Calpine Energy Services Canada Ltd.  We do have Calpine Fuels Texas, Corporation and Calpine Natural Gas Company.  Marie 
 Mark:  Attached is my work report.  Marie 
 Barbara:  Here are the two revised lists, one with TXU and one without. 
 Here is the updated list. 
 Paul:  Pursuant to my voice mail, Harlan Murphy is finalizing a Master Netting Agreement with Dynegy that is to be signed by ECTRIC and ECT Resources Limited.  It appears that John Sherriff is an officer of both entities.  Will you assist us in getting this document signed by initialling, if appropriate, and obtaining signatures and faxing a signed copy back to us at (713) 646-3490?  If you have any questions, please call eitherHarlan Murphy at (713) 345-2679 or Mary Cook at (713) 345-7732.  Thanks for your help! 
 I have been trying to call you but your phone never rings.  I'm ready to go when you are.  Give me a call if you can. 
 Paul:  Attached is the Dynegy Master Netting Agreement.  Please have signed by ECTRIC and ECT Resources Limited and fax the signature pages back to me ASAP at (713) 646-3490.  Many thanks!  Marie 
 Everyone signed but ENA Upstream and Canada.  Reliant signed yesterday and brought them back to me this morning so that I can get the other signatures.  I am having the document taken to Brian Redmond to sign for ENA Upstream and then Peter Keohane will sign for ECC.  Barbara signed off on the receivables. 
 I have left Diane Anderson on the Confirm Desk a voice mail as to status.  Will let you know what she says. 
 Beth:  Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact Sara with any questions or comments.  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Clement!  Attached is the Amendment to the Enron Corp. guaranty delivered to Dynegy last week.  The only change we made is to include a reference to the inclusion of master netting agreements in the second paragraph.  If the attached is acceptable, please have signed and call me when it's ready and I'll pickup.  Thanks for your help!  Marie x33907 
 Hi, Sharon:  Did the BP Amoco Master Netting Agreement ever show up?  Marie 
  Eric and Russell:  I spoke with Roeline Hudson at Torch just a few minutes ago.  She is having a medical procedure today and probably won't be back in the office until Monday.  She answered my question, so I will finalize drafts of the assignments and give them to one of the lawyers for review.  The lawyer may want verification from Torch as to the appropriate entity that is the counterparty to the transactions being assigned (specifically the Dynegy trades), which evidence of authority Roeline will have to send when she returns to the office on Monday.  Roeline stated that she has not received the additional documentation from UOM so she is not aware of any urgency in finalizing these assignments until all documentation has been delivered to us to finalize documents.  We will want to see the additional documentation from UOM before we send the drafts out for review.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Marie 
 It was put in the interoffice pouch, so who knows where it is! 
 Edmund:  Attached is the signature page for the Dynegy master netting agreement.  Please have two originals signed and return to me by fax ASAP (713) 646-3490.  THANKS!!!!!!! Marie 
 Harlan:  Here are the form master netting agreement and credit annex for BNP Paribas.  Do you want to send it on or do you want me to?  If you want me to, do you have an e-mail address or should I call?  Thanks!  Marie 
 I spoke with Peter Keohane and he said that Greg Johnston (403/974-6745) and Chris Gaffney (416/865-3711) are on board to handle the Canada filings.  We have signed BP Amoco and Reliant, which I will get you copies of so that you will have the exact names, etc.  Also, I will send you an e-mail with BP's jurisdictions and addresses.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 I will have the lawyer call John Sherriff.  Is Michael Brown around to sign if Sherriff won't?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Samantha:  Will you either assign to take care of this?  I'm not sure what they need exactly.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Pursuant to Harlan Murphy's request, attached is our form master netting agreement.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Rosen:  Attached is the form master netting agreement without the collateral annex.  Please disregard the form I sent you late Friday.  I apologize for any inconvenience.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached is the Annex B to be used for all future financial transactions with the referenced counterparty.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Will the person who will be working on this please let me know so that I can fax a copy of the guaranty to be attached to Annex B?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Harlan:  Here is the master netting agreement.  Marie 
 We have received the following financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			March 9, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Catequil Partners, L.P.  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			New York  Special Handling Requirement:	Counterparty has five (5) Local Business Days after a confirmation was effectively received by it to accept or dispute a confirmation.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the following financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			March 9, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd.  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			New York  Special Handling Requirement:	Counterparty has five (5) Local Business Days after a confirmation was effectively received by it to accept or dispute a confirmation.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Pursuant to your request, attached is our form master netting agreement. 
  Steve:  Here is another master netting agreement.  Do you want me to forward the template to Cindy Midura or do you want to?  I will ask Ed for a listing of counterparties and will pull documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I'll send Ed Sacks an e-mail and ask him to send you credit when I ask him to send me a list of counterparties.  Marie 
 Ed:  Can you send me a list of PSEG entities that will be parties to the master netting agreement, together with a list of master you think exist?  Also, Steve Van Hooser will be the lawyer working on this document, so he will need credit information to complete the documentation.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Yes. 
  Chris:  What information do you need from me?  Marie 
 I had a sneaking suspicion that it just might be you!  Will you send me your fax number?  Thanks! 
 Chris:  BP Amoco and Dynegy both involve ECC.  Marie 
 Ms. Midura:  Pursuant to your request, attached is our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact Steve Van Hooser (713/853-7238; steve.van.hooser@enron.com) with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Chris:  Here is the final BP master netting agreement.  If you need a copy of the signed one, let me know and I will fax it to you.  I will send Dynegy once I get signoff from Harlan Murphy.  Marie 
 Is it okay to send? 
  Sarah:  Here is our credit support annex template.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Jay:  Kevin Freeman (785/575-8128) at Western Resources left me a voice mail stating that they want to finalize the master netting agreement ASAP.  Mary Cook is assigning this to Anne Koehler to work on.  Will you send me a list of counterparties involved and agreements you show are in place?  Thanks!  Marie 
  Anne:  This is an e-mail I forwarded to Kevin Freeman on Monday sending the form of master netting agreement.  He left me a voice mail this morning and said that they wanted to get a mna in place ASAP.  Mary has assigned this counterparty to you.  Kevin's phone number is (785) 575-8128.  Will you call him to discuss?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Our Canadian lawyers are on board. 
  Here is Alan's status of Goldman/J. Aron. 
 I am preparing the information on the Company Account Application and have a question regarding the address section.  I have completed the section regarding ECT Investment's "principal executive office" (Houston address) and would like to know how this differs, or if it differs, from the address of "registered office".  Would you explain the difference, if any?  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I checked with Harlan Murphy and he said it hadn't been signed, however, the master netting agreement references an executed master agreement dated as of 10/10/01.  We haven't seen either the original or a copy of the signed agreement.  Marie 
  Carroll just called me and told me that they had a janitorial position opening at the courthouse and did I want to send my resume. 
  I guess so, cause I got your e-mail.  Just in case, it's marie.heard@enron.com. 
 Thanks for the address.  We will keep you all (especially Grant) in our prayers, although I don't think there's any hope for you. 
 I haven't tried. 
 Barbara:  Below is an e-mail that Richardson Energy Marketing, Ltd. wants a master netting agreement.  Mary said to assign it to you.  His e-mail address is bhayes@sidrich.com.  Nidia Mendoza in Credit is preparing a listing of counterparties and when I receive the list from her, I will pull documents.  Let me know if you need anything.  Marie 
 HALLELUJAH!!!!!!!!! 
  Who is ECTD? 
  Attached is a copy of the master netting assignments list that sets forth those that are signed and/or currently being worked on.  As you can see, BP Amoco, Dynegy and Reliant have recently been executed.  A master crude netting agreement has been signed with ConAgra.  Liquid payments netting agreements have been signed with Coastal, Conoco, Morgan Stanley, Sunoco and Valero.  Master Netting Agreements have previously been executed with PG&E, The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading, LP.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Veronica:  Can you provide me with a list of documents in place with Oneok (other than the ISDA) and the ENA entity and products covered under each agreement.  I'm not familiar with the documentation that ENA Upstream, EES and EGLI would have in place with Oneok.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Edmund!  Can you help me obtain copies of some of your executed documents with BNP?  I need copies of the following:  1.	ECTRIC/BNPP ISDA  2.	Enron Credit Limited/BNPP ISDA  3.	ECTD /BNPP physical UK gas confirm (representative sample)  I hope you know who ECTD is cause I sure don't.  I am only assuming that because it's UK gas, it's a UK company.  My fax is (713) 646-3490.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!! 
 No.  Do you have anyone in mind? 
 Per Frank Sayre's request. 
 Trey:  The power-related receivables would only apply to our power contracts (EPMI) and would not apply to the liquids payments netting agreements. 
 I guess we can go whenever.  It'll just mean we won't get as much done this weekend, but we don't have anything else going on. 
 Attached, for your review, are final execution copies of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please note that Part 5(j) of the Schedule was changed pursuant to your discussion with Frank Sayre.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 That's fine.  That way we'll have all day Sunday to work. 
 Ed:  Will you get me a list of counterparties/documents?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Marcus:  Attached are the form Master Netting Agreement, together with the Credit Support Annex.  Thank you for waiting so patiently (NOT!!!!!) for this.  Marie 
 See below 
 THEM'S FIGHTING WORDS!!!!!!!! 
 I had no exception time. 
 Sheila:  Do you need a copy of the base agreement too? 
 Harlan:  Did you get the Calpine master netting agreement signed?  Please give me an original copy once it has been signed.  Also, what's going on with Dynegy?  Tanya wants copies of all the signed master netting agreements.  Can I get the agreement to make her a copy?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mary Cook has asked me to try to locate the documentation for the two prepays.  Which of the documents do you specifically need--all or just the ISDAs, swap confirmations and guarantees.  If you only need the ISDAs, etc., it may be quite a lot of pages to fax.  Would you prefer I overnight them and, if so, where should I send them?  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Greg!  Mary Cook asked me to contact you regarding locating documents in connection with a couple of prepays.  The first is a prepay (December 13, 1999)  among ENA, Citibank, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and Toronto Dominion.  Is this Yosemite II?  If so, I have copies of the ISDA, swap confirms, etc.  Would you have copies of any other documents, or are there any other documents?  Also, they are looking for documentation in connection with the Corp. prepay for December 2000.  This was among ENA, Toronto Dominion, Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley.  Do you happen to have copies of these documents or do you know the project name in case they were prepared here?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Greg. 
 Hi, Athena:  The Williams counterparties are:  Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company and Williams Refining & Marketing, L.L.C.  I don't know about British Energy as that is being handled out of our London office.  The following entities have been added to our master netting agreement list today:  Forest Oil: Forest Oil Corporation Producers Marketing Ltd.  Noble: Noble Gas Marketing Inc. Samedan Oil Corporation  Tractebel Energy Marketing, Inc.  My phone number is (713) 853-3907.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Una!  I don't know if you can help me or not, but I need the below agreements ASAP.  We have to finalize a master netting agreement and the lawyer over here needs to see the agreements.  If you are not the right person, will you forward my e-mail on?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Paul Simons is the lawyer.  His phone number is 011-44-20-7783-6566 and his e-mail address is paul.simons@enron.com. 
 Attached is the current list of master netting counterparties.  The new counterparties are in bold.  They are: certain AEP entities, BNP Paribas, certain Dynegy entities, Forest Oil entities, Noble Affiliates entities, Progress Energy entities, PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC, Richardson Energy Marketing, Ltd., Tractebel Energy Marketing, Inc. and Western Resources (I don't have specific entities for Western yet).  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Chris:  Do you need the notice information in the agreements or will a listing of the chief executive offices for each work?  I have a listing of the BP Amoco entities and the addresses of their chief executive offices and I can also send Reliant's as set forth in the Master Netting Agreements.  Marie 
 Chris:  Pursuant to Barbara Gray's request, I am attaching the list of master netting agreement counterparties.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Master Netting Group:  I just want to personally thank all of you for all of your hard work the past few weeks in addressing our counterparties' requests for Master Netting Agreements.  We have been able to sign up a number of them as a result of your efforts and have managed to keep certain counterparties from cutting us off in trading.  	Thanks again for your efforts and for putting up with one fire drill after another!  Hopefully we all learned alot in the process.  Carol St. Clair EB 4539 713-853-3989 (phone) 713-646-8537 (fax) 281-382-1943 (cell phone) 8774545506 (pager) 281-890-8862 (home fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com 
 Chris:  Below is an e-mail with the addresses for the BP Amoco entities.  The addresses for the Reliant entities are:  Reliant Energy Services, Inc.:  1111 Louisiana, Houston, Texas  77002 Reliant Energy Services Canada, Ltd.:  1111 Louisiana, Houston, Texas  77002  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Pursuant to Jason Williams's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Hi, Edmund!  Can you help us?  We need to find a representative sample of a physical UK gas confirmation with Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited and BNP Paribas.  Una said she can't locate anything.  We need this ASAP as we must get this master netting agreement finalized.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Una:  Thanks for sending me those two ISDAs.  Hopefully, Edmund Cooper will be able to help us find the other document.  Again, thanks for your help.  Marie 
 Hi, Kim:  Can you send me a representative copy of a confirm (with gtcs) for each of the following?  Physical gas with ENA Upstream Company LLC and Samedan Oil Corporation Physical gas with ENA Upstream Company LLC and Forest Oil Corporation Financial with ENA and Forest Oil Corporation  If you want to send them to "Justice" to print that will work for me.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thank you! 
 Ms. Russell:  Per your request, I am attaching a copy of our draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please let me know if you need the pre-printed forms and I will either fax them or overnight them to you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Una:  Can you send me some other copies?  I need a representative copy of a confirmation for the following:  Financial trading with ECTRIC and Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P. Financial trading with ECTRIC and Louis Dreyfus Corporation  If you will fax them to (713) 646-3490 I would certainly appreciate it.  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Nony:  Can you get me a representative copy of each of the following confirms?  Crude with ERAC and Forest Oil Corporation Physical liquids with EGLI and Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Sharon!  Bet you thought you had heard the last from me.  Can you get me a copy of a physical gas master between ECC and Producers Marketing Ltd.?  Our Credit group gave me the document no. 96013847.  By the way, I received the BP Amoco documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I'll be there. 
 Andrew:  Attached are the forms.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Andrew:  Please hold off sending the master netting agreement forms to Allegheny until we get the go ahead from credit.  I will let you know as soon as I speak with them.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Dana:  I faxed these to you this morning and the originals have already gone to Federal Express.  I will resend them to you now.  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list. 
 Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement counterparties.  The entities added since I distributed the list yesterday (Louis Dreyfus) are in bold.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.   Marie x33907 
 Nidia:  Will you send me the final information on Richardson?  Thanks!  Marie 
  I don't know what you told them, but it sure got them to respond. 
 Whew!!!!  I had a hard time following such "proper" English! 
 Let me know if this isn't what you are looking for or if you need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Hi, Roeline:  No, I haven't received any original documents from Sempra.  If he sent them here I would surely have them by now.  Thanks for sending your copies--now I can get a big pile off my desk too.  We are trying to hold our own over here, hoping to miss the first round of layoffs.  It is still so incredibly unbelievable that this is happening.  It seems like a bad dream and any minute we will awaken.  It's supposed to be "business as usual" but it's pretty hard to get into the swing of things.  Hopefully everything will work out.  Have a Happy Thanksgiving!  Marie 
  Don't know if my response reached you or not.  When we reply to e-mails, it automatically puts "@ENRON" at the end, so I'm sending it again. 
 Thanks, Rod! 
 No comments.  Did not give her anything to do. 
  Please see Max's e-mail below. 
 Harlan:  Enron Risk Management & Trading International Corp. is a former name of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp. 
 Robbi:  If you haven't found anyone else to go, I would like to go.  Just let me know.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached is the latest list of master netting agreement counterparties.  The only addition is Western Resources (in bold).  Also, I have added The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading, L.P. which, along with PG&E, were previously executed.  In addition, I have noted those master netting agreements that have been executed.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Per Carol St. Clair, at this time, there is no urgency in finalizing and executing any master netting agreements.  No master netting agreement should be signed without Bill Bradford's or Louise Kitchen's prior approval.  If any questions, please contact either Carol or Elizabeth Sager.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Barbara:  I must not have sent a form master netting agreement to Billy Hayes at Richardson, as I can't seem to find an e-mail where I did.  Marie 
 Updated list. 
 We have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of September 19, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp.  The amendment (i) amends the definition of "Specified Swap" to include foreign exchange spot or foreign exchange forward transactions or currency option transactions; (ii) to specify that The Chase Manhattan Bank is a Multibranch Party and may act through any Office specified in a confirmation; and (ii) to add a "Scope of the Agreement" provision which states that if the parties enter into a "Specified Swap" (as defined in the master agreement) such "Specified Swap" shall be subject to, governed by and construed in accordance with the terms of the agreement unless the confirmation relating thereto specifically states to the contrary.  In addition, we have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of November 8, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp.  The amendment replaces the definitions of "Settlement Amount" and "Loss" as set forth in the master agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received an executed Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of October 3, 2001 between Bank of America, N.A. and Enron North America Corp., which amendment amends the Part 4(c)(ii) of the Schedule which states that Bank of America is a multibranch party and may act through the Offices set forth on Appendix A - Amendments.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received an executed Fourth Amendment to Master Energy Price Swap Agreement dated as of October 26, 2001 between Enron North America Corp. and Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc., which amends the definition of "Exposure Threshold".  Copies will be distributed. 
 Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Hi, Matt:  I have faxed the J.Aron, et al/ENA, et al Master Close-Out Agreement to you at fax number 7783-8667.  The other fax number you gave me wouldn't work.  I have added EEFT under ECTRIC's name and have also added a signature line for ECT Resources Limited.  Carol St. Clair has initialled.  I am also attaching the document should you need to change any signature lines.  The attached document cannot be edited but you can print and manually type in changes.  Once the agreement has been approved, please have an officer of both ECTRIC (EEFT) and ECT Resources Limited sign and return to us by fax.  Please fax a copy to the following fax numbers:  (713) 853-9576, attention Bill Bradford (713) 646-3490, attention Carol St. Clair/Marie Heard  If Ted has any questions, Bill's phone number is (713) 853-3831 and Carol's number is (713) 853-3989.  Tomorrow is Thanksgiving here in the States, so if Bill or Carol aren't in, just leave a voice mail as I'm sure they will be checking their messages.  Thanks so much for your help!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached for your review is the El Paso amendment. 
 The address for Reliant Energy Services, Inc. is 1111 Louisiana, Houston, Texas  77002.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Pursuant to Lora Kinner's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.  The lawyer who will be working with you is Anne Koehler (713/853-3448; anne_koehler@enron.com).  She is out of the office at a seminar and will be returning on Thursday, November 29.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Jay:  Can we incorporate our UK entities?  Marie 
 Hi, John:  Can you answer Athena's questions re Navajo?  It you want to just respond to me, I'll include it in my response re Louis Dreyfus.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Nony and John. 
 Hi, Athena:  Here is the information you requested:  Navajo Refining Company c/o Holly Corporation 100 Crescent Court, Suite 1600 Dallas, Texas  75201-6927  Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P. Louis Dreyfus Corporation  I don't know if Louis Dreyfus Corporation is the same as the Dreyfus Corporation.  Louis Dreyfus Corporation is located in Wilton, Connecticut.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Butler:  Pursuant to your request, attached is our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Pursuant to Jason Williams' request, attached is our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Paul, Matt and Edmund:  Attached is a copy of the Master Netting Agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron North America Corp., et al.  It is imperative that this master netting agreement be executed as soon as possible tomorrow morning (11/27), so I am asking your assistance in getting this document signed.  The UK entities to sign are EEFT, Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited, Enron Credit Limited and Enron Metals Limited.  Please leave the signature pages as set forth on the attached document, as Enron Metals may be deleted from the agreement.  At this point, we aren't sure, so we will have it sign on a separate page and then if they are not a party to the agreement, we will omit their signature page.  Please take whatever steps are necessary to have the attached document signed ASAP.  Harlan Murphy (713/345-2679 is the lawyer here in Houston who prepared the document.  Please contact either Harlan, Mary Cook (713/345-7732), Elizabeth Sager (713/853-6349) or Carol St. Clair (713/853-3989) if you have any questions.  Bill Bradford is the Credit contact and his number is (713) 853-3831.  When the document is signed, please fax the signature pages to me at (713) 646-3490.  MANY THANKS!!!!!!!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 We have received the following financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			November 14, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Amerada Hess Corporation  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			New York  Special Handling Requirement:	Counterparty has five (5) Local Business Days after a confirmation was received by it to accept or dispute a confirmation.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Hi, Dana:  We have received the original copy of the ISDA Master Agreement.  In looking through the supporting documents, we noted two outstanding items:  1.	We did not receive an original signed IRS Tax Form W-9 as required pursuant to Part 3(a); and  2.	The Certificate of Incumbency we received was not an original and was dated November 14, 2000.  We would like to receive an original certificate dated a current date.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact either Frank or me.  We look forward to receiving this documentation.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Harlan:  Here are a clean and blacklined copy of the mna with the revised Exhibit A.  The second one is the blackline copy.  Marie 
 Clean and blacklined copies. 
 We are finalizing the master netting agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron Corp., et al for execution, and have received copies of all underlying documentation with the exception of documentation for Enron Metals Limited.  Can you fax or e-mail me a copy of what documentation Enron Metals Limited signs--ISDA, general terms and conditions, etc. with BNP Paribas?   We need to receive this documentation ASAP.  Thanks for your help.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 (713) 896-1673.  It doesn't matter to me if we eat before or go for coffee after.  The only places I know to eat near the Wortham are at Bayou Place.  I know there's Hard Rock Cafe, a barbecue place and I don't know what else is there.  Let me know what you want to do. If we don't eat before, I guess we can meet at the bottom of the escalators at the theatre. 
 It would definitely be out of your way.  I don't mind driving downtown, so why don't we just meet at the Wortham at about 7?.  We have been parking in one of the outside lots off Smith right across from the side of the Wortham (the Bank One Lot) since the flood closed down so many of the underground garages. 
 Me too! 
 Ms. Navarro:  Thank you for sending your comments to the guaranty.  Please note our comments below.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Carol:  I apologize for not getting back to you on Friday, but it was pretty hectic here.  There are no special provisions for a German counterparty other than the tax reps.  We do have a treaty with Germany.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Mr. Kohler:  Just a follow-up to check on the status of the Master Agreement forwarded to you by our Calgary office for execution.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Daborn:  Would you please send me your delivery address so that I can send you the documentation requested in connection with the opening of ECT Investments' account with CSFB Europe?  Thank you!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Gordon:  Attached is the revised Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty, changing the EBITDA/Interest Expense ratio.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Gordon:  Have you received a W8BEN tax form and/or a legal opinion from Nemak?  They are supposed to deliver these to us in connection with the signed ISDA Master Agreement, but I haven't seen them and before I contact them, I thought I'd check just to make sure you didn't receive them.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Gordon.  I'll send them a letter asking for these items.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Celeste:  You can use this ISDA to confirm your weather deal.  Marie 
 Attached is the Annex B to be used for all future financial transactions with the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Attached is the Annex B to be used for all future financial transactions between ENA and the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Genia:  We have credit sign off on all masters, amendments, assignments and terminations--any document where credit is involved.  We don't have them initial the day to day confirms, but if there is a confirm with a lot of credit terms which may have been negotiated, then we'll have them initial those.  Marie 
 Looks like we may have an agreed to guaranty from Pemex. 
 Hi, Diane!  Can you have someone in your group provide me with copies of the following confirms:  VB7464.1 VC1359.1 VC1330.1  If you will call when the copies are ready, I'll send one of our clerks down to pick them up.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a memo that I prepared in April, 2000 regarding procedures for opening brokerage accounts.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara at x35620 or me with any questions.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
 Hi, Bianca!  Francisco Pinto Leite has asked me to give him a list of all outstanding ISDAs and Deemed ISDAs with Mexican counterparties.  Can you send me a list of the Deemed ISDAs that are still outstanding (either comments received or counterparty has not returned signed copy).  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
