ading, so I can't write much....I can barely even catch my breath in the mornings!!!  Especially today because I just turned my alarm off for some reason this morning rather than getting up when it went off.  So, I woke up later and made it to work in like 15 minutes....showered, shaved, clothed and all.  But I'm not quite all here.  I had my front door refinished yesterday (which it REALLY needed - and it looks great now!), and I think the fumes all went upstairs to my bedroom and gave me brain damage and made me want to sleep!  I promise I'll write more in a bit after trading slows down....  Scott 
 Scott ---  I put this together to sort of summarize our activity to date on New England points.  As you can see, the volumes are moving up pretty steadily and we're at least getting a presence up there - with no assets, virtually no transport.  At the same time, we've taken pretty minimal risk.  Also of note, we are getting alot more calls for multiple month pricing on these points as well.  Please see attached spreadsheet....    Scott 
 FYI ---  They are opening a Freebird World Burrito here next to that Le Peep that we've eaten at - across from 59 Diner.  Jealous much?  Scott 
 Don't worry, your reward will come in heaven! 
 test 
 That sounds great!  So will they get it all spread in one day?  Sounds like everything is taking shape now!!!  Not much going on here.  I had dinner with Rayfael last night, it was a little painful, but I survived.  He's so messed up in the head right now.  :(  Anyway, nothing too exciting happening here....at least nothing that's gonna cheer you up...  Scott 
 Good luck with the grass!  I can't even get my little yard covered.  Yeah, I'm open to going out with new people.  Just not really pursuing it just yet.  Depends on how long before I really feel the need :).  Actually, I'm more interested in just making some new friends right now.  I've decided I need a few gay friends to hang out with.  That will get me out meeting more people for other stuff too.  Yeah, mom and dad got back over the weekend.  They had a good time, sounds like they did nothing but shop!  She's been going to MD Anderson for a while now.  In fact they did bloodwork yesterday and she goes in to see the doctor today.  Anyway, that's the scoop from this side of the Atlantic....  Scott 
 http://www.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,127225,00.html 
 Guten Morgen!!!  How was your weekend?  We had the long Memorial Day weekend here....hahaha!  Things are fine here.  I just tried to relax this weekend.  Friday night I = went to a movie with Rayfael. We saw Angel Eyes with Jennifer Lopez.  It wa= s pretty good.  Saturday, I pretty much just vegged out a good chunk of the= day.  Julie and I went to lunch and ran errands.  I went running every day= this weekend, too!  I've lost 10 lbs since the big breakup!!!  Down to 145= now, may go for 140 - not sure.  I didn't go out on Saturday because I was= just in a mood to stay in.  Sunday, I took care of some stuff around the h= ouse.  I wasn't really planning to go out, but one of my new friends, Kevin= , called and wanted me to meet him and some other folks out at a bar, so I = went at about 9:00.  Well, you know how 1 or 2 drinks always turns into alo= t more...I ended up staying there pretty late and having a good time.  I cr= ashed at Kevin's house and got back to mine at about 7:00 am.  So all the w= ork I'd done on getting caught up on sleep was ruined!!!  I came home and g= ot right in bed, but the dogs really wouldn't let me sleep much.  I went ov= er to Julie's yesterday to get instructions on taking care of her cats this= week.  She leaves Wednesday for Prague and gets back next Thursday.  Now it's back to work, but it's a short week at least.  I'm getting more an= d more used to the fact that I'm single now, and even though I'd like me an= d Rayfael to get back together - it's nothing I'm gonna be able to push, if= it happens, it happens.  I really hope it does, but the best thing for me = is not to push it.  So, in the meantime, I guess I'm a free agent!  That fe= els weird...but, oh well.  Anyway, how are things there?  Scott 
 http://www.houstonpress.com/issues/2001-05-24/feature2.html/page1.html 
 I don't know if you got my email, I sent it to the office.  Here's what it said in case....  "Connie --  Actually, they reacted very well - or at least as well as can be expected.  They were sad, but not horrified or anything.  They respect me and know that it's not a choice.  It was just so weird, because I did not have any agenda or intention on telling them that at that point, we were just talking about stuff (and drinking) and I just told them.  And I told them, you can't be totally surprised by this - and they said no.  They had questioned it before, but had not wanted to offend me by asking.  At the same time, they were holding out hope that it wasn't true.  But now they know.  They didn't really have alot of questions or anything, but were just accepting of it.  I'm very happy to have it off my chest.  Sorry to hear about your stomach!!!  That doesn't sound fun at all.  I had a pretty bad hangover yesterday, because I drank profusely before durning and after the whole outing myself to my parents ordeal.  Scott"  So, maybe you already read that.  Anyway, is Armin getting alzheimers???  I don't have any big plans for the weekend.  I actually have a couple of dates, but nothing major.  I've made a couple of new friends, so I want to continue to cultivate those sort of relationships...if other types come up that's fine, but I'm not really concentrating on it.  But I had to go out and tell a couple of my new friends about my revelation to my parents.  A couple of them have not done it themselves, so everybody's all proud of me and stuff.  It's kinda funny really.  But it's like the one thing that was always your biggest concern just isn't there anymore.  I hope it was the right thing to do, but I feel like it was.  Hard to say whether it was good or bad for my mom.  But, honesty is the best policy, right?  Scott 
 Scott ---  Here is an update of the chart tracking New England trades....you'll notice a dramatic increase for June.  Scott 
   Panic-Hit City Hunts 'Ape-Like' Attacker    NEW DELHI (Reuters) -= Fear gripped some suburbs of the Indian capital on Tuesday after dozens of= residents reported attacks by an ape-like creature able to leap from roof = to roof.  Police had received about 65 reports of a mysterious attacker wit= h a monkey's face and human body scratching and biting victims in and aroun= d Delhi since Saturday, a senior police official told Reuters on Tuesday.  = Police said they had no clues about the identity of the alleged attacker.  = "Last night (Monday) alone we received 24 calls reporting such attacks," Ma= noj Lal, Deputy Commissioner of Police of Delhi's eastern district, told Re= uters. "Of these, 19 were found to have no basis. The five others had some = wounds and we are trying to confirm with doctors how they may have been cau= sed," he said.  Television network Star News said people in neighboring Gha= ziabad town -- which reported the first attack two weeks ago -- spent the n= ight on the streets armed with sticks waiting for the attacker.  Lal said t= he entire eastern district police force of about 3,000 personnel had been o= n patrol since Monday to hunt down the creature.  The Times of India said a= n industrial worker died on Sunday night in nearby Noida town when he jumpe= d off a first-floor building after being awoken by cries the "monkey man" w= as attacking.  There are a number of monkeys running wild in New Delhi and = on the outskirts of the city which sometimes pounce on unsuspecting pedestr= ians or enter houses.  Copyright 2001 Reuters News Service. All rights rese= rved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistri= buted. =09 
 Well, sounds like everything is great in Germany!  You still didn't tell me about your trip to London?  I'm still doing just "ok".  The busier I am, the better I am, so I'm trying to keep as busy as possible.  If I wasn't poor and worried about my JOB right now, I'd schedule a trip to come see you, but I have to see how things shake out here.  I need to make some money quick!!!  And yesterday didn't help!  I need a vacation!!!  You guys MUST come stay with me at some point while you're here, and I wanna have a party one night while you're here.  Well, trading's getting busy....write back and I'll write more later!  Scott 
