would be very helpful if you could provide me with a new list of the Credit Team and their phone numbers.  The last list we have is dated 6/5/00. Thanks! 
 Thanks for your email.  I've got everything I need now. 
 Thanks Mercy!    Mercy Gil/ENRON@enronXgate 03/12/2001 02:51 PM 
 Can you please send me only 1 list of Clickpaper counterparties per day.  It gets very confusing for me sometimes to figure out what lists I should be responding to when I get multiple lists.    Aparna Rajaram/ENRON@enronXgate 03/12/2001 04:09 PM 
 Mark Taylor has asked me to prepare an NDA for the referenced counterparty. Please let  me know if we have any existing NDA's in place.  Thanks. 
 At the request of Kay, I have started sending my requests re: Confidentiality Agreements to her via email so she can print out a record for her files. 
 Click on the following  link to add the 'Financial Trading Agreements' database to your Notes Workspace:  Link --> 
 I believe this is yours... 
 Mary,  All those traps with security were worked out 4 years ago.  London can get into the o: drive from there, the only directory they have access to in the o: drive is the atty.fms bank.  If we put the swap forms back there, they can get at them.  I know, because I've pulled them up myself from London.    Mary Cook 03/13/01 09:39 AM 
 Hey Mark, I think these are yours! 
 Attached is referenced list.  Again, no European power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 The above counterparty has been created in the Financial Trading Agreements Database and is listed as a master swap agreement, and it's not.  It is an Electronic Trading Agreement and needs to be moved down to "Other Agreements".  Please let me know when that is done and I will delete the entry in  the master swap agreement database.  Thanks! 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  On the list of 3/12/01a, I have not yet seen the list from Gobal Contracts with the corrected names, but I cannot believe Lyke Corporation (also called Ripon Community Printers) is a valid legal name.  We might want to get that sorted out before we start trading with them. 
 Attached is the proposed form of LOI.  Please let me know if it meets with your approval, and I will email it to the customer.  I kept the language in the term sheet in the back pretty broad as it references "energy commodities".  Your language re "US crude and products" wasn't clear to me. Perhaps you meant US crude and crude derivative/refined products?  Will energy commodities work, or do want to limit it to crude products and charge more for other products?      Bob Shults 03/14/01 04:55 PM 
 It has been my understanding that the first section is supposed to be for master swap agreements only.  Having other documents listed in that section may be misleading to some parties who may misconstrue their use for general trading purposes, such as Global Contracts.  That is why we created the "Other Agreements" section, to house these other agreements.  My understanding isthat the only reason other agreements has been listed in the Master Swap Agreements Section is that they have been done so erroneously. The drop down were not created too artfully created, allowing wrong agreements to be put in Master Swap Agreements, which has been proliferating.  If my understanding is not correct, than when did the intentional use of that first section change?  I think putting all agreement is a very bad idea.    Sara Shackleton 03/14/01 05:35 PM 
 I revised the language in the "Description of Transaction" section and where the fee is and just wanted to make sure you were Ok before I sent it to your customer.  I've already drafted my email, I just need your OK.      Daniel Diamond 03/14/01 05:23 PM 
 You need to talk to Stephanie Sever at x33465.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/14/01 05:58 PM 
 Attached is my proposed form of NDA.  I set up the choice in products similar to they way we did it in Prebon.  Take a look and let me know if it meets with your approval. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron Net Works.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or Bob at (713) 853-0397.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I will attend.  Let  me know what I need to bring.  Thanks for your messages... 
 Mike,  I know I'm not supposed to continue imposing on you, but if these entries are showing up in both places this is going to creating large problems for us, as well as giving persons who should not have access to brokerage/other agreements access to that information.  Our brokers are quite confidential. The only information we want to make available to all Enron employees is the master swap agreements.  Can you PLEASE, PLEASE take a look at this for me. It is very critical that this drop down works correctly.    Sara Shackleton 03/14/01 06:32 PM 
 Greg and I tried to call you but you weren't there.  We'll call you tomorrow. 
 Sorry about not getting back to you sooner.  I am in Calgary this week. Stephanie and I met with Mark Taylor about this on Monday, and he said to go ahead and confirm this under the Houston master with Hess Energy Trading Company LLC.    Julie Brewer@ENRON 03/14/01 01:52 PM 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   This LOI has been revised to cover US crude, refined products and coal and emissions.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron Net Works.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or Bob at (713) 853-0397. 
 That was pretty good!    Keegan Farrell@ENRON 03/15/01 04:44 PM 
 He can call any one of the attorneys in the Swap Group, Mary Cook does Canada, but she'll be out next week so it would have to be quick, or Sara Shackleton or Brent Hendry.    Veronica Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 03/15/01 04:37 PM 
 Jennifer,  If you're still there give me a call in calgary about this, I'm at 403/974-6745.    Jennifer deBoisblanc Denny 03/15/01 03:01 PM 
 At the request of Liz Sager, I am attaching our language with respect our transfer: 
 Do you want a bilateral or one-way, and what is the nature of your discussions?    Daniel Diamond 03/15/01 03:24 PM 
 The above counterparty on the 3/7/01 list is ID#93394.  We had a counterparty on the pre-approval list that was called International Paper Company and was ID#1836.  Was that one in error?  Are they the same, different?  What's the scoop?  Thanks for your help! 
 I have received the following originally executed documents from the referenced counterparty:  1.  EOL Customer Registration Form 2.  Password Application 3.  Amendment to ETA  These copies will be walked down to you. 
 Sam,  I think counterparty ID# 754 is Bonneville Power Administration, not Bonneville Power Association.    Samuel Schott 03/08/01 05:32 PM 
 Taking a look at BPA from the 3/8/01 list, I noticed that we've got them opened up for west coast power only on the offer and not the bid.  I have no notes that they are restricted in that manner.  What's the scoop?  Marcus, do you see any reason they should be restricted to the offer side? 
 Oops, I forgot to add your name, even tho I meant to... 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Can you look around for the fax of this NDA signed by the Counterparty.  Mark Greenberg will need to initial it and then send it down to Daniel Diamond and he will get an EnronOnline and Enron Net Works officer to sign it.  Once it is signed we will need to fax it to the counterparty.  I will forward Dan's email with the fax and phone number of the counterparty to you.  Thanks! 
 Yeah, see if Mark T. will initial it.  Tell him it's for a broker relationship and there we no changes to the form. 
 Will you be at the same dinner?  How goes the house? 
 Thanks for the info, I appreciate it! 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Justin,  What's your deadline for getting these approved?  Mark Taylor is out all weekend, and if it can't wait I'll get another lawyer to look at it. 
 Just a note in case some of the product abbreviations on the NYMEX calendar don't make sense, they have what the abbreviations mean at the back of the calendar. 
 We have received the above executed ISDA Master Agreements (Multicurrency-Cross Border) with the two referenced counterparties executed 05/25/99, effective as of 11/16/98.  Copies will be distributed.  I have also received in the originally signed confirmations and will be sending them down to Laurel Adams. 
 I have received the originally executed Amendments dated 12/20/99 to the Electronic Trading Agreements for each of American Electric Power Service Corporation and AEP Energy Services, Inc.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I just did a request to get Angela Davis in the Houston Office and Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford in the Calgary offices edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  I also requested that Marcus Nettelton get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database.  I'm not sure if I did the "erequest" all ok.  Can you check to make sure your got all four? Thanks!    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 02/27/2001 01:12 PM 
 If you have time to attend, please join us... 
 Mike,  I attempted to give Edmund Manager access by doing one of those security requests today.  I don't know if you need to do anything or not here.... 
 I'll come pick you up.    Mark Powell 03/20/2001 12:55 PM 
 Is there an Icon I can send to Marcus to get into the ENA Legal Online Database. 
 Can someone call me at x33399.  I'm in the middle of doing these again and it won't let me submit the form.    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 03/20/2001 01:08 PM 
 Good memo Peter.  Is it OK if I forward this to the Credit Team so they also know how this process will work?    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 03/20/2001 03:44 PM 
 In order to complete your access request, I need your company number and your 6 digit sap cost center code. 
 Are these physical transactions?    Kimberly Hundl@ENRON 03/20/2001 04:12 PM 
 It would be nice if you could be at my dinner, since I probably won't know anyone else.  Anytime you want to go to lunch to check on the house status, I'd be glad to go... 
 OK by me!    Lisa Lees 03/20/2001 04:15 PM 
 The swap forms have been moved back into the atty.fms bank, so you should be able to access them again. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching the revised BETA and Fee Agreement for your review.  Bob will call you tomorrow to discuss them. 
 Your access to the Financial Trading Agreement has been completed.  Why don't you take a look and make sure you now have edit capability. 
 You now should have access to the datasbase, give it a try and see if it works! 
 Link -->    Sharon Crawford 03/21/2001 10:08 AM 
 I don't know what this is about.  Is this for the home computers we are supposed to get?  If it is I actually haven't done anything about it (that I am aware of).  If it is for the home computer thing, I probably will want to upgrade.  Let me know...    Gary Kane 03/21/2001 11:16 AM 
 Do we have an outside counsel memorandum, or will we have an internal one soon, that we can send to Martin (as well as the other non-US swap lawyers)? 
 Your access to the financial trading agreement database is approved.  The icon is attached below.  Why don't you take a look and see if you've got edit capability to the database.  Link --> 
 We have received executed copies of the Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement dated 3/19/01 and the Fee Agreement dated 3/19/01 with respect to the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be sent to Lisa Lees. 
 I just received a phone call from Paul Varana, outside counsel to the referenced counterparty.  His phone number is 713/752-4514.  He said that VEPCO wasn't happy with the form of GTC attached to the physical online power confirms and was going to be sending me a letter requesting certain revisions.  He said the letter would come from Francine Matthews at VEPCO.  I looked this counterparty up in my database, and it appears that we approved them to trade physical power with an override letter.  Usually, we don't allow any changes to the online GTC, but with physical power & the override letters, I know there is some wiggle room.  I don't know how you want to handle this, if you want to wait for the letter from VEPCO to come in and then deal with the issues, or head him off at the pass.  Just let me know. 
 I am going to run w/holly at 7:00 on saturday and then meet her for breakfast at 8 at the IHOP.  Lucinda is going to join us for breakfast.  I thought maybe if it met w/your running schedule you might want to join us... 
 Holly & I are going running Saturday at 7, then meeting Lucinda for breakfast at the IHOP at 8.  Do you want to join us? 
 Done.    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 03/21/2001 01:30 PM 
 Julie Gomez, that's who it was! 
 I got your company number on my own, so now we just have to wait to have the erequest approved.  I hope it will be today.    Edmund Cooper 03/21/2001 10:42 AM 
 Mark Taylor, the lawyer who would review all new product descriptions for financial products is on vacation and will not be back until Tuesday.  I hope this can wait until then...    Kevin Meredith@ENRON 03/22/2001 10:46 AM 
 I live to Swap!    Edmund Cooper 03/22/2001 10:52 AM 
 I hope Carol will come!  Holly was going to call her.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 03/22/2001 01:35 PM 
 I wanted to let you know that the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty has been agreed to with BNP Paribas and has been sent up to Enron Corp. for signature today.  I will send you a copy of the Guaranty once it is fully executed. 
 I hope we can do more than meet, if possible, let me buy you dinner!    Matthew Dawson 03/22/2001 01:24 PM 
 At the request of Kay Young, I am faxing you the four confirmations for the referenced deal.  Please look for them. 
 I've gotten some calls from the business people who want to trade with two counterparties right away.  One is Michigan Consolidated Gas Company, which is on the list for the 19th, and the other is Mobil Oil Corporation Supply & Distribution which is on the list of the 20th.  Can you please make sure the individuals in Global Contracts responsible for these counterparties update them today.  Our business people would be most appreciative! 
 Thanks for the assist!    Kelly Lombardi@ENRON 03/22/2001 03:28 PM 
 Lunch sounds good! 
 As an introduction:  The referenced counterparty is trying to straighten out the online products it wants to trade with us (it's open for some, but not all of the products it wants to trade).  When I looked at Profile Manager to see what they had already been approved to trade, I noticed that this counterparty was opened to trade many of the European products, including specifically European physical power products (which is unusual for a US based counterparty to trade).  Before I go in and change the profile for this counterparty, I wanted to check with you and see if London had specifically opened them to trade the products they were opened to trade (especially physical power).  What I usually do when I am approving US based counterparties, is that with respect to Non Us & Canadian products, as long as they are an Eligible Swap Participant I open them up for all products except European physical power, which I never open them for.  Also, Credit Derivatives, I never open anyone up for unless we really mean it.  So, my question to you is did London actively approve the non US & Canadian based products (especially physical power).  If you didn't, then I am going to take this as an oversight of the pre-approval process and shut them down for European physical power. 
 At the request of Tom Gros, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 It's only a reflection of our high regard for you that we pass on this matter for your adept handling.    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/22/2001 05:22 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 You're a machine!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 03/22/2001 05:38 PM 
 We have received the executed Amendment to the ETA for the referenced counterparty dated 01/05/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Sam & Stephanie,  Re:  Cargill Ferrous International  It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".    Samuel Schott 03/21/2001 01:58 PM 
 Re: Glencore Commodities Limited (cpy 92858)  The counterparty is my work queue is Glencore Ltd., (cpy26313) not the above.  Is this a mistake? 
 Do you know the progress of getting a physical power master in place with this counterparty?  Can you keep me apprised.  They are obviously a quasi-affiliate and we have internal people contacting me checking on their progress.  Thanks! 
 Why do you say OK for weather?  What restrictions do you have for counterparties trading weather?    Justin Boyd 03/23/2001 02:20 AM 
 Attached is my list that I use as a reference.  Please let me know if you disagree with any of the European advice. 
 You, as counsel, can agree to any form of NDA you think is acceptable.  I will print it out and bring it around for signature    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/23/2001 12:38 PM 
 Your Manager access appears to be completed. 
 Sharon,  Per the email below, I looked in the financial trading agreement database and saw that Stephanie Panus, a paralegal in our group prepared an Annex B for this counterparty in January of this year.  I would just confirm that the credit is the same and then use the same Annex B as before.  I am going to fax the credit worksheet that Credit send Stephanie in January so you can check the credit.  Below is the Annex B Stephanie prepared. 
 Sharon,  There are some hanky things going on in these confirms I don't like.  I've just spoken to Russell and I'm going to talk to a swap attorney and then get back to you.    Sharon Crawford 03/23/2001 03:48 PM 
 I spoke to Stephanie and anytime between 9-11 am or after 3:30 pm would be fine for us.  Just let us know.    Esmeralda Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 03/23/2001 04:36 PM 
 I don't know if Mark Greenberg ran this one by you or not, we are already preparing it for signature, but can you check on this counterparty for NDAs. Much thanks! 
 I don't know what you're talking about, so I must not be the right person.    Noveena Mathew-Joy/ENRON@enronXgate 03/26/2001 07:17 AM 
 We are trying to track down the signed documents for this counterparty.  Our notes reflect that Samantha Boyd sent them up to Peter for execution on 3/9/01 with instructions to send them back to Samantha Boyd when executed. My understanding is that they were signed in Canada and returned to Samantha, but they have not yet shown up here.  If you sent them fedex and can track them via a tracking number can you see if you can find them.  They appear to have done some unauthorized trades w/o having the master signed and this has now become a really high priority.  Thanks! 
 OK with me! 
 Things are looking better.  We tracked down the documents and it appears that Samantha sent them to counterparty's outside counsel on 3/15/01.  I just spoke to Maureen Donley-Hoopes at outside counsel and asked her to fax me the signature pages of the ISDA and counterparty's guaranty to me ASAP.  Once we get those Russell will be a happy man and we can send a confirm out under the ISDA.  I'll let you know as soon as we get the fax in. 
 Brant, please do not put me on emails for day to day business, drafts of masters and confirms.  Thanks.    Brant Reves/ENRON@enronXgate 03/27/2001 08:26 AM 
 At the request of Julie Ferrara, I am attaching our proposed Second Amendment to License Agreement which extends the term of the License Agreement from March 31, 2001 to June 30, 2001 .  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 TFS was sent out but has not came back in signed.  I was out yesterday, so Spectron has not gone out.  I have that on my list to do today.    Daniel Diamond 03/27/2001 10:48 AM 
 What do you think about Russell's request for a confirm here?  I think this is really confusing for our Canadian team.  There must be requirements for the LC if it's an upfront LC, we would need a zero threshold.  I just don't think this is very straight forward for these poor Candadian girls to figure out.  What do you think? 
 Linda & Sharon,  My primary job responsibility is to online trading, and right now EnronOnline is quite a beast of a customer.  Because of that I please ask that you direct any future questions you may have with respect to confirmations to our two paralegals who handle the day to day trading, Susan Bailey at x34737 and Stephanie Panus at x53249.  With respect to the two current Canadian confirmations, Sara Shackleton, an attorney in our Group, is working with Credit to resolve the questions on the Slater Steel and Casco credit worksheets. 
 We have received the originally signed copy (via fax) of the Termination Agreement dated 3/15/01 with respect to EnronOnlineTransactions Nos. 10000172 and 1000173.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We are closing to finalizing a Lotus Notes Database for us to keep track of approvals for online trading counterparties and any amendments to online trading documents.  Once the database is done, I (and you, I guess) will have to input the data for the Houston and London based Credit counterparties.  I am forward to you this early draft of the database for you to see what it looks like.  You will have to go into "create new counterparty" to see the format once you opened the database up.  We're still revising it to add a drop down for amendments to online trading documents, and then we're going to have a sort similar to the Pending Swap Update sort on Lotus Notes, that will show the Counterparty Name, Approved for Online Trading:  Yes or No, and then follow with any amendments to the online agreements.  This will, obviously, help us keep track of if and why we've approved a counterparty, and also help us generate reports to the online trading team.  Access will currently be granted to the same people who have access to the Master Swap Agreement Database.  If you have any additional Credit Online People to add let me know.  We hope to have it ready within the week so we can start populating it with the information. 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I am OK with what Credit say, which is if the counterparties are already approved for trading those pulp & lumber products theyan trade the new products, except for the following counterparties which we need to be careful about becuase they could only tansact newsprint:  The Bakersfield Californian:  can transact only newsprint E.W. Scripps Company (The) can only transact 48.8 gram newsprint swaps    Stephanie Sever 03/27/2001 03:08 PM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever 03/27/2001 03:40 PM 
 I can't tell by Lotus Notes, is anyone aware of a "credit sleeve" with TMG? 
 I take it all the other counterparties on this list cannot transact power since they are restricted by Credit...    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 03/27/2001 02:39 PM 
 We haven't heard anything on this NDA, have you? 
 Are these additional counterparties?  I only look at lists I receive from Credit. 
 Let me know if I am missing any lists... 
 I'm not showing I looked at this list at all.  Isn't that right?    Nicole Hunter@ENRON 03/28/2001 08:55 AM 
 can you add the regularly scheduled Legal/Credit Meetings, and the Swap Group Meeting for my calendar for the year.  Thanks! 
 Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name? 
 Reggie just brought around a whole stack of confirms of pulp & paper deals that came into the fax area.  Is anyone looking for this stack of confirms? If not, I'll have Reggie walk them down to Joe Hunter. 
 I tracked down the culprit who worked on this master and it was Mark Taylor. I know he called Jon McKay and had a conversation with him about it and is looking at the master for particular issues in response to his conversation with Jon.    Linda Sietzema 03/26/2001 11:11 AM 
 Another Division  Mark,  Global Counterparty wants me to approve this EOL counterparty which is a division.  My deal with the EOL team was that they would kick these counterparties back and try to get the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Global Counterparty is satisfied opening counterparties up as divisions and I am getting frustrated constantly fighting this battle.  Do you wish to intercede, or shall I give up and let counterparties be opened as divisions?  Do you want to call a meeting with Sam's boss to discuss divisions?  What to do? 
 Per conv. a minute ago with Marcus, Christi Nicolay in the Regulatory Group just checked and Ontario Power Generation does not have a FERC marketing license.  That leaves them to buying US power only (both east & west OK). Please make this change immediately.  Thanks! 
 I want a parking space in the new garage.  Please let me know what I need to do to get it!    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 03/28/2001 04:07 PM 
 Well, I guess we could.  since we needed to do it immediately, only Stepanie can only do it immediately.  Do you want me to change it, or, Stephanie, since you've already changed it will it be already changed tomorrow so we don't need to do anything.  I'm so confused?!!!    Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate 03/28/2001 03:29 PM 
 I'm working on Samantha's IMC Canada.  It was signed by faxed signatures yesterday and I am expecting the originally signed documents to come in by Federal Express today.    Esmeralda Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 03/29/2001 07:48 AM 
 Have you had a chance to look at that confirm language yet.  The trade was done a few days ago, and the clock is ticking on how long we can get a confirm out before we get in trouble. 
 Per our conversation...thanks for your help! 
 How goes figuring out why our positions were so far off? 
 Will,  I usually send these directly to the customer unless you prefer otherwise, so I will also need an email address or telephone and fax number.  I also need to know whether you want a bilateral form of non-disclosure agreement or a one way form that protects Enron only.  In circumstances where we are certain Enron will be the only party providing confidential information we prefer to use that form.  Also, I need to know the nature of the confidential information you are discussing so we can protect the information being discussed.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/28/2001 07:26 PM 
 No.    Carol St Clair 03/29/2001 12:00 PM 
 I was out Monday with a migraine.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/29/2001 01:33 PM 
 Can you please let me know if there are any existing NDA's in place with Morningstar Systems Inc. and Insource Techology Corporation.  Thank you! 
 I've got the awards dinner wrong.  That should be yes.    RSVP - Law Conference Autoreply <joseph.lippeatt@enron.com> 03/29/2001 02:26 PM Please respond to Sara.Davidson 
 Thanks!    Sara Davidson/ENRON@enronXgate 03/29/2001 03:04 PM 
 At the request of Will Zamer, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for each of Morningstar Systems Inc. and Insource Technology Corporation.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute each of the agreements and return them to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 With respect to your email below,  I am already working with Bob Bowen on assigning the various Aquila trades.  On Amoco, I will need to get a list similar to the one Bob prepared for me for Aquila, showing the exact trades being assigned, deal no., whether they are physical or financial, trade date, start date , end date, etc.  If you get with Bob he can show you what he prepared for me for Aquila.  Once I get that I can prepare the assignment.  I will also need the name and phone number for the Amoco person I should be sending this assignment to.  I don't know who will have that, the Confirm Desk, Settlements, or EOL?  Once I get all this I can prepare that assignment. 
 OK for me. 
 I think this one is your to approve (or someone in power). 
 I think it may be possible that we have existing NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty.  The nature of our discussions that I am currently preparing an NDA for is the possible access to and use of a web-based transactions-support system for online and offline commodity trade (including derivative products). 
 You're wearing me down, you're relentless!!!    Daniel Diamond 03/30/2001 03:04 PM 
 How about this one? 
 Thanks.  I seem to be keeping you busy today!    Kay Young 03/30/2001 03:27 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I don't know what you mean about the positions being "defunct"? 
 It makes me feel so wanted...not!    Kay Young 03/30/2001 03:31 PM 
 I have complete faith in you!  By the way, the guy from Star already called with corrections to their company name, it's Starsupply Petroleum Inc.  He said he passed the agreement on to his legal and he would be getting us comments back on Monday.    Daniel Diamond 03/30/2001 04:22 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399. We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Be careful using IMC Canada to prepare your draft from.  Even though we have chosen NY law, we had two Canadian companies entering into the IMC Canada agreement so there is language in the agreement that is Canadian specific, and it might be missing some required US language.  I have also attached a redlined draft reflecting the negotiated changes to the form since the form we first sent the form to the counterparty.   I have attached our current form of ISDA Schedule as a reference.  The Canadian changes will be color coded, so you can see them easily.  Also, please note:  there have been recent amendments to the CFTC Rules that have required certain changes to the swap reps, in particular there are no longer "eligible swap participants",  the current terminology is "eligible contract participant".  Please see Part 5(b) of the Schedule in particular. 
 I'm not showing I got your response for this day... 
 Those are negotiated changes.  The only was to tell what is a "Canadian" thing is by looking at the form.  It is color coded with different colors for different countries or other special legal issues.  I believe Canada is a purplely pink color in the form, the footnotes should tell you.    Christina Finelli@EES 04/02/2001 03:48 PM 
 My notes show that this is a governmental.  It is the utility for the Town of Colorado Springs, Colorado.    Samuel Schott 03/29/2001 10:13 AM 
 I do not have an EZ tag.    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 04/02/2001 04:54 PM 
 We have no idea!  We rely on you to tell us what the positions are! 
 I never heard back from you.  You were going to look at my list of approved jurisdictions and see if you disagreed with any of my information.  I'll be out the rest of the week, but maybe when I get back we can chat again on the phone, and maybe pull Edmund in, because before Edmund got sick, we were pretty much in agreement on how he was supposed to respond about Americas countries and how I should respond about European countries. 
 Strictly informational.  I need to know everytime we have a governmental entity, so since there was no note in the side that this was connected a governmental I had to research that.  I was sharing the information I gathered with you so as to save you some time in case you didn't already know this.  Obviously, you did.    Samuel Schott 04/02/2001 06:01 PM 
 Re:  Usinor SA:  that appears to be a London counterparty.  It should not be on our list.  London Legal should approve their counterparties for ALL products, not only European based.    Walter Guidroz/ENRON@enronXgate 03/29/2001 02:10 PM 
 I do not have an EZ tag.    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 04/03/2001 09:31 AM 
 While I am out this week can you please send the online lists to Stephanie Panus, a paralegal in our Group.  She will forward them to the distribution so we don't lose any time. 
 I will be out from this afternoon through the rest of this week.  In my absence Stephanie Panus will be sending you the EOL Lists.  Please direct any responses you have to the lists to ME, not to Stephanie.  Thank you. 
 We have received an executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   October 25, 2000  Executed Date:   March 28, 2001  Enron Entity:   Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:   IMC Canada Ltd.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products, except fx  Confirming Entity:  Enron Canada Corp.  Governing Law:   New York 
 With respect to that rush Guaranty for the referenced counterparty you so kindly got me on Monday, per our conversation, we will need an incumbency certificate for that guaranty as well.  As usual, I appreciate your help! 
 Just a reminder to check on whether we have an NDA in place or not... 
 Without calling each of the respective traders, we do not know any of the positions. 
 At the request of Stephen Abbanat, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   We would appreciate it if you could please verify whether "CMS Energy-Panhandle Pipe Line Companies" is the correct legal name of your company.  If you have any comments or questions, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897as I will be on vacation the rest of this week. 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees 04/03/2001 04:37 PM 
 1.  If we have a US counterparty we insert the appropriate choice. =20  2.  Revisions to the CFTC Rules have done away with the  "Eligible Swap=20 Participant"  rules for energy commodities (they would still apply to=20 agricultural products).  The rules are still pretty similar however, and th= e=20 current lingo is now "Eligible Contract Participants".  See our revised for= m,=20 attached. 
 Thanks for your help this week, I appreciate it!!!    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 04/06/2001 05:01 PM 
 Anytime! 
 Attached are the online contracts.        Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 04/09/2001 10:46 AM 
 No!    Daniel Diamond 04/09/2001 02:34 PM 
 Per notice below, please note that E.D.F Man International Inc.has changed= =20 its name to Man Financial Inc. (you may already know this, but I didn't!) 
 Attached are referenced lists.  Again, no approvals for European physical power products until further notice. 
 Yes.    "Louis Fernandez Company" <lofeco@ev1.net> 04/10/2001 08:53 AM 
 It looks like Mark has been working on this from out of the office.  Maybe you don't have to do anything! 
 The ISDA Agreement is not in electronic form.  I will send you over a clean version.    Karen A Cordova@EES 04/10/2001 10:12 AM 
 That's a deal!    Karen A Cordova@EES 04/10/2001 01:22 PM 
 I got a call from National Bank of Canada and they said that we purchased the referenced company and what did we intend to do with the trade between NBC and Daishowa?  Anyone know anything about this? 
 To confirm our conversation yesterday,  the referenced counterparty can only purchase power in the east. 
 Ken Curry is following up with the woman from NBC on this.    Bob Crane/ENRON@enronXgate 04/10/2001 04:32 PM 
 You are the Best!    Dianne Seib 04/11/2001 09:37 AM 
 How does one decide what recipe to cook? 
 Mark,  We emailed an Enron One Way NDA to Global Crossing, Ltd. 11/22/00 at the request of Peter Feltman.  Was there something the matter with that form or is this for something totally different?    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 04/11/2001 04:41 PM 
 I was on Vacation as follows:  Tuesday April 2, after 2:00 pm Wed, April 3 Thurs, April 4 Friday, April 5    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 04/12/2001 09:48 AM 
 Do we had any NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty.  In particular, they seem to be interested in the liquids trading/group.  Thanks! 
 Per my conversations with Bob Shults, Bob Bowen, Mark Taylor and Brant Reves, we are going to open Aquila Risk Management Corporation to trade weather under the EOL GTC's. 
 See my initial email to Sam Schott and Stephanie, about 3rd email from the bottom, there's two samples of how we could set divisions (the same could be said for dba's). 
 To summarize and in response to our meeting last week:  1.   I am attaching the list of Non-Disclosure Agreements I maintain for the Enron Net Works Team and my proposed form for the EnronOffline Team.  Please let me know if this form meets with your approval or if there are any changes you would like.  This list will be circulated to the Project Offline Team Wednesday afternoon.  Mark, could you please provide me a list of the people you would like the list circulated to.  2.  All future requests for NDAs for the EnronOffline Team should be directed to me instead of Kay Young.  The request for the NDA should be sent to me by email and include the legal name of the company, the contact at the company and the company's address.  In addition, each request for an NDA for EnronOffline should be clearly indicated as a Project Offline NDA (since I prepare many other NDAs for Enron Net Works).  At the request of the dealmaker, I usually send the NDAs directly to the counterparty by email, so an email address should be included.  If you would like the NDA sent some other way, please let me know (hard copy sent by mail or fedex, fax, etc.).  3.  I will work with Travis (or other ENA lawyers, as necessary ) to circulate and revise any comments from counterparties.  I will then circulate the NDAs for signature.  When fully executed, the originals will be filed with Kay Young.  Please note that copies of ALL Network agreements should also be filed with Lisa Lees (the original should always be filed with her, except Confidentiality Agreements, which get filed with Kay Young).  4.  Kay Young will review my list to determine if there are any NDAs that she has prepared that should be added to the list.  If I have missed anything or if you have any comments or questions please call me at x33399. 
 I wanted to thank you and your team for getting this done so quickly.  I really appreciate it! 
 Swap away!    Chris Gaffney 04/17/2001 09:18 AM 
 As a further to my previous email, the EOL Group will code the weather transactions to fall under the financial master, and the Confirmation Desk should confirm the weather trades under the current form of confirmation. 
 I'm sorry about not turning this around sooner.  I thought I might be getting other comments from you.  If it meets with your approval, please sign it and return it via fax no. (713) 646-3490 and I will have it signed by Enron and return a copy to you by fax.      robr@starsupply.com 04/16/2001 06:27 PM 
 We need to act on Marcus's email immediately.  Ed, if you disagree, you need to talk to Marcus. 
 The referenced counterparty is on the list below for online approval to trade us gas financial products.  This counterparty came through before on the 1/20/00 list and we did not approve them for financial trading because of a "payment dispute".  Is anyone out there aware of the payment dispute with this counterparty, and has it been resolved?  Can we open this counterparty up to trade financial?  They are an ESP... 
 As as follow-up to my earlier email, it is now OK to immediately open the referenced counterparty back up to transact both sides of USphysical  power as we have received the necessary documentation evidencing their authority to trade power. 
 Bill,  I think you are about to become my new best friend!  We have another long standing counterparty we cannot get approved on EnronOnline because we cannot get the counterparty set up in GCP.  The Counterparty sent in a Password Application styled:  Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  (Which also happens to be the same styling on the Master Swap Agreement we have in place with this Counterparty.)  They way I understand it, GCP has the two following Counterparties already set up:  (1) Koch Industries, Inc., and (2) Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  The EnronOnline Team has been trained to never set up a company as a division, to always send the Password Application back to the Counterparty and try to get the Counerparty to resubmit the application with the legal incorporated name as part of the counterparty name, which they sucessfully did in this instance, but now we cannot get the counterparty set up in GCP.  Can you help us?!!! 
 Can you help me with this? 
 Any conflicts 
 What is the nature of your discussions?    Bob Shults/ENRON@enronXgate 04/17/2001 03:27 PM 
 Do you have an address for them?    Daniel Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 04/17/2001 11:35 AM 
 I'm trying to track down that presentation for you, I need the directory information.  As soon as I get it I'll have it emailed to you.  Hope you're staying out of trouble... 
 That Tom is a smart man, I'm just going to have to mirror him!    Lisa Lees 04/17/2001 10:30 PM 
 Should this basket of weather swaps be treated special in any way? 
 Clem,  Attached is the resume of my dear friend, Carolyn Varela.  Carolyn started working at Liddell, Sapp, Zivley, Hill & LaBoon a few months before I did in 1984 (while I left after 10 years for the greener pastures of Enron!). Before coming to Liddell, Sapp, Carolyn was a Corporate Paralegal at Texas Commerce Bank, one of the principal clients of Liddell, Sapp, and was a key contact for handling the TCB relationship over the years along with the primary lawyer she worked for, Mr. LaBoon, who maintained the TCB relationship for the law firm.  Carolyn is a kind, cheerful person, a hard worker and a pleasure to be around.  I was in the Municipal Bond Group and she was in the Corporate Group, but we frequently backed each other up (as well as the Real Estate and Lending teams) on closings, proofreading documents, large filings, etc.  I think she would be a great asset to your team and Enron.   - cpv.doc 
 fyi 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   I am not sure if we have the correct legal name of your company, so can you please verify that for me.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Mark Greenberg, I am forwarding to you the proposed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Pricewaterhouse (for CreditDimensions) and Enron Credit Limited.  Mark Greenberg has spoken to the counterparty and made a few changes to Pricewaterhouse's form.  If you have any questions about the transaction, the business person on the deal is Kim Detiveaux here in Houston.  Otherwise, we would appreciate your assistance in getting Richard Sage in London to execute this agreement. 
 Aparna,  For Compaq, you say approved for financial trading, but then you've got an "X" in the box.  I think you need to open them up...    Aparna Rajaram/ENRON@enronXgate 04/18/2001 01:07 PM 
 Ditto Credit.    Lisa Lees 04/18/2001 08:38 AM 
 Attached is referenced list.  Continuing being boring, no european power until further notice... 
 Please talk to Mark Greenberg, an attorney in our group, at (713) 345-8897. I am a paralegal.    robr@starsupply.com 04/18/2001 03:19 PM 
 Sorry about that!    With respect to the amendment to the list for 4/18/01, the approval I sent down earlier should still be good since I'm the one that figure out she said approve for financial and then had them shut down for financial. 
 We've got an Australian counterparty on the list for the 18th. 
 Legal is OK to open the above counterparty immediately for US east physical and financial power products. 
 Please let me know if you have any comments to the attached list. 
 marcus,  you've got to get this straight with Global Counterparty or you're going to have a bust on your trades. 
 Our only concerns are that we have the appropriate tax forms signed and in-house before they start trading.   If they trade U.S. products from the UK we will have to get the appropriate U.S. tax forms in, and Edmund can address any UK tax forms they might need on UK products traded from the UK. 
 I have revised the list to add a few more NDAs that have come to my attention, and then am also sending the regular Net Works NDA List as well. I hope these are helpful. 
 You are the best!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 04/19/2001 03:25 PM 
 We're on!  7:00 pm.    Nina Edmonds 04/20/2001 04:54 AM 
 Would you like to set up this meeting or would you like me to?  I would like to get this Koch thing resolved ASAP, so I think the sooner, the better. From Legal's side, both Mary Cook and I need to be included, I spoke to Credit and both Walter Guidroz and Tom Moran would like to be included, probably Joe Hunter from the Confirm Desk as well, and anyone else you're aware of.  Let me know how you think we should proceed. 
 With respect to this new counterparty for EnronOnline (correct name to follow):  Sam Schott advises us that we are limited to 90 characters for a counterparty name in GCP.  The correct legal name for this counterparty is longer than 90 characters.  I discussed this with Marcus Nettelton, our power lawyer, and if the following scenario meets with the approval of the financial and physical power Confirmation Desks we think the best way to treat this matter is to set the counterparty up in GCP as follows and then add this counterparty to the special handling list so all confirmations, physical and financial, offline and online, go out with the LEGAL NAME, not with the GCP NAME.  LEGAL NAME OF COUNTERPARTY:  Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of IES Utilities Inc., Interstate Power Company, and Wisconsin Power and Light Company  SUGGESTED NAME FOR GCP:   Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc., as Agent for three listed utilities  Joe and Kim, is this workable for the Confirm Desks?  If you can let me and Sam know then Sam can get them set us.  Thanks for your help! 
 I'm just going to have to call you Quick Draw McGraw!  I Can't print the lists out before I get a response from you!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 04/20/2001 04:08 PM 
 Please change your records to relect that Legal has agreed to open the referenced counterparty to trade any financial products. 
 At Wendi's request, I have submitted a request to get you both edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  In the meantime, below is the icon that will allow you to have view access to everything but the comments.  I will let you know when your edit access is approved (at which time you will be able to input changes/comments, as well as be able to see comments).  link --> 
 Things have come up w/Mark & Sara and there is a clear indication from their front that we need to retain the green files.  Maybe we need to discuss this with the whole group...?    Mary Cook 04/23/2001 09:50 AM 
 You should have edit access now.  Why don't you go and take a look. 
 You should have edit access now.  Why don't you go in and take a look. 
 Just a note so we are all on the same page... I just had a superseded and replaced Enron Corp. guaranty that the counterparty returned to me, and I asked Clem to verify what he wanted me to do with the old original guaranty, and he said to send it back to him and he would have Cindy mark it "canceled". 
 I havent heard anything back from them, Mark, have you?    Daniel Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 04/23/2001 02:46 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Upon consultation with various members of the Swap Group, I am having Taffy make dinner reservations for 7:00 pm at La Fogata in San Antonio for 14 people on Wednesday night.  This is not obligatory, so if you have other dinner plans, please do not feel under any pressure to join us, just let me know.  Of course, if any one comes up with a better place, I'm open to suggestions..., but at least we'll have something! 
 Per Sara Shackleton, an attorney in the Swap Group, Doug Friedman was involved in the payment dispute that was the reason I didn't open them up for financial trading the first time they came around in January 2000.  Based on the email below, I will be opening them up on EOL to trade financial. 
 For a Netherlands incorporated counterparty wanting to do a weather option transaction, on the list you sent me earlier for the approved products for european countries, you had no options or swaptions for commodity derivatives, but nothing on weather.  What's the scoop on weather options? 
 thanks Taffy!    Taffy Milligan 04/23/2001 04:20 PM 
 Please let me know immediately if you have any issues with the PG&E entitie= s=20 at the bottom of this email trading the listed products. 
 I'll look for you at the next one, we'll have to get a drink! 
 I was just thinking, if you could get to my office a little earlier, say 5:00 on Monday, I could take you on my "nickle" tour of Houston while it is still light outside, if you like?! 
 I've got you down for Monday, can you do Monday?    Matthew Dawson 04/24/2001 08:24 AM 
 Are you ok with this (they would not be listing, as agent for 3 listed utilities)? 
 I am sorry I am just getting back to you, but I had to check with my whole= =20 legal team around the world, and I just heard back from the final critical= =20 one.  We are OK with them trading the products below.  However, on physical= =20 power, they can only trade west power.  Stephanie, will you need to open th= em=20 up so they can trade immediately? 
 Link --> 
 Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company shouldn't be a problem for weather transactions.  The Master Agreement we have in place with them is an ISDA Local Currency.  The only thing we need to cover is in the confirmation adding the trade option rep for weather, since weather wasn't covered way back then.  Otherwise, they are already approved for all products for online trading.  Since the master is a Local Currency form, we might run into some problems if they wanted to trade non-u.s based products, or use any other currency other than U.S. $$.  If either of those issues come up, let me know. 
 You are the best! 
 At the request of Julie Ferrara with EnronOnline, I am attaching the Second Amendment to the License Agreement extending the term to October 31, 2001. The First Amendment extended the term to April 30, 2001 and expires and the end of this month.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, would you please execute the attached Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of EnronOnline and return a copy to you via fax.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 When you send out your email list of counterparties can you please identify the following counterparties whenthey are on the list as the present particular legal problems:  1.  governmental entities 2.  hedge funds  Much thanks! 
 OK for me! 
 Ditto Credit. 
 Ok for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 04:17 PM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 04:23 PM 
 Attached are the referenced list.  Again, no european physical power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Rob, can I get the four deal nos. so I can get the information I need from the confirm desk to prepare the termination letters?  I will contact Steve South to get the name & phone nos. of the contacts at the counterparty I can send the letters to.    Robert B Cass/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 06:28 PM 
 Attached is a list of four deals for some online "oops" trades.  Can you send me the deal particulars so I can prepare terminations of the trades. 
 Rob Cass sent me the deal nos., and I have made a request to the confirm desk to get the trade terms.  Thanks for your help.    Sheri Thomas/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 08:50 AM 
 I really don't know.  Maybe the icon, which is just a shortcut to the database, won't work because of outlook.  I haven't had this problem with any other people on outlook before.  You might want to talk to your computer person.  He can probably find the database the long way.  It is just a misc. Lotus Notes application.    Angela Chen/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 10:16 AM 
 Whatever happened to the NDA we sent over to London for signature for Enron Credit.com? 
 You are bad to the bones...!    Bob Bowen 04/25/2001 11:42 AM 
 Yes, I never got the signed NDA faxed to me.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 04/25/2001 11:55 AM 
 Yes.    Bob Bowen 04/25/2001 12:31 PM 
 I never heard back whether you were OK with the "for 3 listed utilities" being dropped off the "as agent" thing... 
 Should we reject this from this onset or do you think it is OK? 
 marcus is ok with the name change without the "for 3 listed utilities", so let it fly! 
 Thank you Kay, I really appreciate all your help!    Kay Young 04/25/2001 02:49 PM 
 As an FYI, from time to time I will be preparing NDAs for the Networks team headed by Mark S. Palmer working with Travis on "Project Offline".  Project Offline has evolved a form of NDA and added a non-solicitation clause and a residuals clause.  I wanted you to be familiar with the form in case Travis is not here, you,as are my backup lawyer for the Networks team.  The form, like all my Networks forms is kept in my "Confidentiality Agreements" subdirectory under "Forms" (in case you ever need it and I'm not around). 
 Do we have any NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty? 
 Thank you for submitting your form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  However, Enron prefers to use its form of Non-Disclosure Agreement in these types of transactions.  In that regard, I am attaching our form of agreement.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Attached for your review is a list of the NDAs we either have executed or have sent drafts to the customer.  Please take time to review this list to make sure that the status of any NDA you are interested in is correctly reflected.  Call me at x33399 with any comments or questions. 
 Do you have the address for the counterparty?    Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 04:17 PM 
 Attached is the NDA you requested.       Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 04:29 PM 
 Sounds like an Indian chief!  Of course, the name on this LOI I just got is Finn Swarting, which isn't much better!    Kay Young 04/25/2001 04:52 PM 
 Per the request of Lucy Ortiz, I have reviewed the current list of weather counterparties we are trading with, and have targeted four counterparties that we have open for trading weather offline that  I am now going to open for online trading.  1.  El Paso Energy Marketing Marketing Company, name change as of 12/1/99 to El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company - previously approved for all products, except weather, now add approved for weather also.  Non-ISDA Master Agreement in place. 2.  Madison Gas and Electric Company - previously not approved for any financial products, now approving for all financial products.  No Master Agreement in place.  Credit, we need to pursue this financial master. 3. Swiss Re Financial Products Corp. - we previously did not approve this counterparty for any financial trading - now open for weather financial trading only.   No Master Agreement currently in place; however, we are getting close on the negotiation of this ISDA Master. 4.  Vitol N.A. - we previously had them approved for all products, but weather, open them up for weather, as well.  Non-ISDA Master Agreement in place.  Steve Douglas, counterparty is a Swiss corporation and have never sent us their tax forms. 
 Quick Draw...!!!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 04/25/2001 05:25 PM 
 Can I send my old parking card back thru interoffice mail?    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 04/26/2001 10:20 AM 
 I'll be there.  I didn't sign up for the organized activities.  I'll just be hanging out.  The Swap Group is having dinner Wednesday night, if you haven't already made plans do you want to join us, we're about 15 in number right now!    Andrea Calo@ENRON 04/26/2001 01:07 PM 
 It's a date!    Andrea Calo@ENRON 04/26/2001 02:35 PM 
 We've picked up two more diners for La Fogata in San Antonio, Andrea Calo and Yao Apasu.  Can you call back the restaurant and switch our reservation to two tables of 8 people, instead of one table of 14.  I think a table of 8 will be more manageable than a table of 16.  Thanks! 
 As we discussed, attached is my "Cheat Sheet" which I use to guide me when approving non-US counterparties that come in through EnronOnline via Houston Credit.  London Legal and I try to coordinate our responses but I cannot speak for them and the standards they may apply to approving counterparties to trade online.  They also frequently deal with different countries than us.  You may want to speak to Justin Boyd.  Generally, with respect to most physical trading, except power trading, there are no legal restrictions to trading.  Most of the restrictions in this list are with respect to financial products.  Physical bandwidth has generally not done much legal due diligence outside of the US and the UK and bandwidth is therefore not open to non US and UK counterparties.  With physical power, generally, in most countries they require some sort of power marketing license so I look to the power lawyers to guide me.  As I also mentioned, for Japan or Australian based counterparties I wait for David Minns or Jane McBride to advise me. 
 Yes, Mark Greenberg will pick this up.    Kay Young 04/27/2001 08:44 AM 
 Link -->  The link is above.  I have to do your request for edit capability.  You will not be able to see comments or make Credit comments until your request is completed.  I will let you know when that is done.    Randy Otto 04/27/2001 09:13 AM 
 She seemed to have more initiative than the average temp.  Was nice.  I would be fine with having her work for me again.    Becky Spencer 04/27/2001 11:28 AM 
 Re:  Element Re  I just checked with Brent Hendry, the attorney on this one, and it should read  "...as agent for XL Trading Partners Ltd." not "of" 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching a copy of the Letter of Interest revised to delete the sentence with respect to obtaining certain agreements with respect to Broker's customers.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please sign the attached and return it to me via fax no. (713) 853-3399 and I will have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 The Swap Group has already made plans for a dinner on Wednesday or I would love to join you.  Thanks for inviting me!    Kimberlee A Bennick 04/27/2001 02:41 PM 
 Thanks, you're the best!    Samuel Schott 04/27/2001 03:47 PM 
 Per my discussion with Mark Taylor and our conversation today, attached is the form of Termination Agreement that should be used when terminating EnronOnline mistake or "oops" trades.  The trades should continue to be initially run past the Legal Department to determine whether there are any unusual circumstances surrounding the trades, but absent unusual circumstances, Legal will then pass the trades on to the Confirmation Desk for preparation of the Termination Letter and further handling.  These same procedure should apply to physical as well as financial transactions.  Since this is a contract, the agreement will require the initials of a lawyer and signature of a VP or above for the relevant company.  The Termination Letter should be brought to the appropriate Legal Group for signature.  The current policy with respect to mistake trades is that the trade should be terminated.  Reverse trades should not be entered into.  If you have any questions, please call. 
 Any problems with this counterparty? 
 I will pass on your "hello" to the rest of the group.  Of course we don't forget one of our favorite credit guys! 
 Why don't you fax that letter up to me so I can figure out what it is, 646-3490... 
 At the request of Kevin Montagne, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Any Problems with this counterparty? 
 Danm that doesn't sound like a full legal name...?    Daniel Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 04/30/2001 03:03 PM 
 thanks for your help!    Justin Boyd 05/01/2001 07:30 AM 
 At the request of Mark Palmer, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   I have also attached a blacklined draft showing the changes from the iPlanet draft.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 kim,  below are the four "oops" trades the prompted my changing of the procedure. I left a voicemail for the trader to provide me with the phone number and name of the person who he spoke to but he never returned my calls.  I guess, if someone from Joe's group could please prepare the two termination letters and get them signed...  Thanks. 
 Link --> 
 Your attachment doesn't seem to be attached...    "Digiacomo, Silvana" <Silvana.Digiacomo@tres.bnc.ca> 05/01/2001 02:11 PM 
 Yes, are you at the top of the list?  You should be trying to open the top database that says "secured".    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 05/01/2001 02:06 PM 
 Stacy,  I don't know anything about this, I guess it's yours? 
 Sylvana,  I have forwarded your email to Mary Cook, a lawyer in our "Swap Group", for handling.  Her direct dial number is (713) 345-7732.    "Digiacomo, Silvana" <Silvana.Digiacomo@tres.bnc.ca> 05/01/2001 02:46 PM 
 Just a note to always remember to check "ERMS", we are frequently amending or updating and replacing old ERMS masters with ISDAs and ERMS should always be added as a company when you prepare the legal credit list.  Thanks. 
 It won't let me open the document.  Can you ressend it?    Carlos Alatorre/ENRON@enronXgate 05/01/2001 04:14 PM 
 Ok to copy.    Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate 05/01/2001 04:32 PM 
 We will need to catch a cab to get to La Fogata which is located at 2427 Vance Jackson Road in San Antonio.  Our dinner reservations are for 7:00 pm, so I suggest we all meet in the hotel lobby at 6:30 and catch group cabs together.  Dress is casual.  The phone number for the restaurant is 210-340-1337, in case you get lost in a wild cab ride or something similar (this will have special meaning to certain swap group members!).  If you haven't RSVP'd back to me, please do so, so I can get an accurate head count for tomorrow.  See you in San Antonio. 
 Yao, you're a bum, we will miss you at dinner tonight!    Yao Apasu@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/01/2001 06:11 PM 
 Any conflicts? 
 As you requested, attached is the referenced NDA. 
 Any conflicts? 
 Attached is the NDA for the referenced counterparty. 
 Mary Cook also asked me to forward the below email re: NYMEX collateral to= =20 you. 
 I would love to pick up you and Henry!    Alicia Goodrow/ENRON@enronXgate 05/07/2001 09:21 AM 
 We have received a faxed copy of the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated January 11, 2000.  The original will follow by Fedex.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Any conflicts? 
 At the request of Dave Forster, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Sheri,  I need to know the nature of the discussions we will be having with this company so I know how to word the decription in the agreement.  Also, usually I email the agreements directly to the counterparty, so unless he will be delivering this in another manner, I will need an email address.    Sheri L Cromwell/ENRON@enronXgate 05/02/2001 04:34 PM 
 We do not have a master swap agreement in place with CMS Field Services, Inc. so there is no need to send us a copy of the notice. 
 Marilyn,  Do we have some documentation from the City that shows the City of Long Beach with a "Inc." at the end of their name?  I have never seen a city with an Inc. at the end of their name before, that is a corporate thing, not a municipal thing... 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate 05/08/2001 08:29 AM 
 We have received an executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   March 19, 2001  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:   New York  CONFIRMATIONS:  There is a special form of confirmation that should be used for all online and offline transactions.  RESTRICTIONS:  This is a TEMPORARY bridge master agreement until we can get a new ISDA Master Agreement in place.  In a side letter agreement dated 3/19/01, the parties have adopted the Merrill Lynch Capital Services, Inc. ISDA Master Agreement dated 12/02/92, in effect changing the names of the parties and certain credit terms. 
 I'll be there... 
 Pursuant to the documentation the counterparty provided when they entered into the power EEI, and at the direction of Marcus Nettelton, a lawyer in the power group, the counterparty name for the Port of Oakland should set up in GCP as follows:  The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation acting by and through its Board of Port Commissioners  GCP, if you could please redo the counterparty name, and Stephanie, if you could please resubmit the PA to match the counterparty name, then we can get this one done...        Samuel Schott 05/03/2001 09:24 AM 
 Thanks for the info.  I'll direct it to her the next time.    Samuel Schott 05/08/2001 05:24 PM 
 We have another problem with that 90 character thing... 
 At the request of Travis McCullough, I am attaching a copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement, revised to delete the non-solicitation clause. 
 713/646-3490    "Kimmel, Scott" <sckimmel@lehman.com> 05/09/2001 09:46 AM 
 Joe, I need the deal specifics so I can prepare an exhibit.    Larry Joe Hunter 05/09/2001 11:33 AM 
 Per my voicemail, attached is the assignment of the FPL trade.  If you could please attach as Exhibit A, the specifics of the trade and then fax the assignment to the counterparty.  When the counterparty faxes the signed Assignment back we will have to have it initialled by a lawyer since it is a contract, and send it up to me and I will get someone to sign it. 
 Please find attached list. 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching the revised Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Enron Net Works LLC needs another NDA in place with the referenced company. Any conflicts? 
 At the request of John Allario, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I look forward to having you all as guests for an evening of Cajun cooking at my home on Saturday, May 19 at 7:00 pm.  Some of us (I won't name names!) are hoping we might even have enough time to play a wicked game of African Uno!  Below is the list of the individuals attending the dinner at my home, and attached below are the recipes for the evening.  I will provide beer, wine and soft drinks.  In addition, I will make a big pot of white rice to go with the Red Beans & Rice, & Shrimp Etouffe.  Please let me know as soon as possible which recipe you would prefer to prepare.  Laura Johnson (1) Charles and Janice Thompson (2) John Hagood (1) Ann Hutson (1) Henry and Alicia Goodrow (2) Beryl and Ray Mack (2) Tana Jones (1)  The directions to my house are as follows:  1.  Take 59 to the Greenbriar exit (like you are going to Church) 2.  Make a right on Greenbriar 3.  Quickly get into the left lane because you will have to make the first left possible onto a street called Milford 4.  Then, make a left onto Shepherd (you need to go back one street in the opposite direction) 5.  The first right will be Banks Street (it is the street right next to the 59 freeway) 6.  On Banks, go past the first stop sign, I will be the 3 or 4th house on the left, a taupe colored, ivy covered cottage, 1920 Banks 7.  My phone number is (713) 529-1038 
 Matt,  The only people that can have full view and edit capability are Legal and Credit (for legal/client confidentiality purposes).  Attached is the icon, which is just a shortcut link to the database and you can send that link to any Enron employee and they will have view access to all the information in the database except the legal and credit comments.  I will make a request to add the legal and credit people to get edit capability.  I think Denis O'Connell already had edit access, send him the link and let me know if he has edit access.  (you can just copy this link and add it to emails to people, however, I'm a little afraid it might not work from London, because it is just a shortcut, if it doesn't, you might need your computer people to create a shortcut link for y'all, let me know).  Link -->     Matthew Dawson 05/10/2001 04:05 AM 
 Matt,  Justin Boyd, Mark Elliott and Paul Simons already had edit access to the database.  From London, Nicola Beales, Robert Quick, Tracy Foy  & Robert McGrory (is he in Legal?) already have edit access (also yourself & Edmund).  Are All the other People you have requesting edit access in Legal?  On read access, Rod Nelson from Credit already has Edit access from his days in London.  You can send all those other people the Link (if it works) and they should be able to get in.  If they are in Credit we will want them to have edit access because they can read the comments so they can see more detail about the negotiation.  And hopefully, input their comments about their negotiation to keep Legal apprised (we can always hope!).    Matthew Dawson 05/09/2001 12:23 PM 
 In response to a RUSH request from Frank:  FINANCIAL TRADING:  El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. is approved to trade all financial products under with the existing El Paso Energy Marketing Company (now known as El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company) Master Agreement dated as of 04/20/95.  Such Master Agreement and the Transactions thereunder we assigned to El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P, pursuant to an Assignment of Agreements dated as of 12/1/99.  Confirmation Desk:  with respect to weather confirmations, they should continue to follow the existing format of the El Paso Energy Marketing Company weather trades (changing the name, of course).  We are in the process of replacing the old "ERMS Style" Master Agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement and will notify you when the new agreement is executed.  PHYSICAL TRADING:  Approved for all products.  Global Contracts:  talk to Stacy Dickson about which contracts to use (EL Paso, Sonat or GTC).  EMERGING PRODUCTS.  Approved for all products.  POWER:  Not approved for trading.  All power trading should continue under the old El Paso Power Services Company entity until we receive documentation that evidences the approval of the assignment of their power  license. 
 No time out for Tana. 
 The cornbread is yours!    "Hutson, Anne" <ah692217@bcm.tmc.edu> 05/10/2001 11:23 AM 
 Sorry you can't make it...    JHagood@mfah.org 05/10/2001 11:22 AM 
 Good job!    Georgi Landau@ENRON 05/10/2001 01:08 PM 
 Cute kitty, makes me want to get another kitten.  It's hard to believe Frank ever looked like that, tho...!    Dan Lyons 05/10/2001 02:08 PM 
 You should now have edit access for the financial trading database.  Please only edit those entries relating relating to ECTRIC.  Below is the icon which I hope should get you entry into the database (it's a shortcut, and I'm not sure it work in England, let me know and I'll stop sending it to people there if it doesn't!).  Link --> 
 You now have edit access to the financial trading agreements database. 
 Jane,  We have a Japanese counterparty on this list that wants to trade physical & financial pulp & paper.  Any problems? 
 L:ovely choice!    "Ray & Beryl Mack" <rayberyl.mack@worldnet.att.net> 05/10/2001 09:32 PM 
 Thanks for the info!    Jane McBride@ENRON 05/11/2001 06:00 AM 
 Ian,  The confidentiality provisions contained in this agreement do not allow us to provide the agreement to affiliates.  I will need some direction from the counterparty either via email or phone before I can send you a copy of the agreement.  Sorry...    Ian Brungs@ENRON 05/11/2001 08:02 AM 
 I had a rush approval on this list, so while you were out having a baby (well, actually Louise was doing all the hard work!), I called Leslie at home at Elizabeth's direction because I had to get Sierra Pacific Holding Company approved.  We are currently purchasing power from them and Ed Sacks said we just gotten an EEI in place with them so Leslie approved them for both the bid and offer on west power (even tho Credit is going to open them up for purchases only).  No one has approved any other lists while you were out, so I have been patiently been waiting your return...sniff...sniff... 
 Can you please put this counterparty in profile manager for me.  We had a really old ERMS Master that restricted the types of financial products they could trade under it, and I want to take a look and see what we've got them approved for.  They should be able to trade any financial products now. Thanks! 
 On the ISDA replacement front, just a reminder that we want to put Morgan Stanley Capital Group at the forefront, we have an old Energy Price Swap Agreement in place with them, and then there's always our favorite, the old AIG "Master Master", now with Sempra, that raises a whole host of other issues...you were going to talk to Bill about that one...  Do you want me to put them on the list for the Legal/Credit meeting as a reminder? 
 As of this week EnronOnline has just started offering US/Canadian Dollar Swaps Online.  As part of my review in determining whether a counterparty can transact these products online I look at the Financial Trading Agreement Database to see if there are any restrictions indicated, check the master swap agreement, and I am also looking at any Board Resolutions we might have received when we got the master agreement executed.  What I am finding is that in the old days when we asked for resolutions evidencing the authority to enter into the master agreement/derivative transactions frequently the resolutions do not allow the counterparies to enter into currency transactions.  Since transacting these currency transactions with our energy customers is a new area of business for us I just wanted us all to be mindful to check these old resolutions and not to rely solely on the "Restrictions" contained in Lotus Notes. 
 You are absolutely the best!    Peter Keohane 05/11/2001 02:35 PM 
 I think we should stick with the standard so people can cook it at home if they like it. 
 I will not be able get your Legal Group Access until I get their SAP Cost Center and Company Numbers.  Their Profiles in the system are not complete. 
 Any conflicts? 
 Jake,  If you would like me to email this to your customer I will need their email address.      Jake Staffel/ENRON@enronXgate 05/14/2001 10:38 AM 
 Below is the ISDA in electronic format as you requested.  This draft is several years old and if you are putting a new one in place I would suggest you start from the newest version of the form and just use this to use as a blackline version.      Ian Brungs@ENRON 05/14/2001 01:31 PM 
 Is the counterparty known by the above ID Lyke Corporation or Ripon Community Printers, I'm confused? 
 Attached is the NDA for Cargill you requested.  At the direction of Mark Greenberg, I have added a non-solicitation clause. 
 We have received the executed Amendment executed as of 01/11/0, to the ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated as of July 13, 1994, This Amendment adds FX and Currency Option provisions.  Copies will be distributed. 
 How has the GCP been set up?    Samuel Schott 05/14/2001 03:08 PM 
 I forwarded a guy down to Credit on 5/9/01 from the referenced counterparty who wanted to get an ISDA in place with us.  I told him he would have to speak to our Credit Dept. first, and from the tone of his voicemail it doesn't sound like he's heard from anyone.  Can you make sure that someone calls him so he doesn't call me again.  His name is Greg Bass and his no. is 619/696-3177.  Thanks. 
 Is this an individual? 
 Is there an Inc. or Co. or something like that in the name?    Nicole Hunter/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 08:22 AM 
 Thanks for following up on that.  I got the counterparty to refax the document to us and Lorraine just got Andy to re-execute it.    Lydia Cannon/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 09:42 AM 
 On this request, I meant "Users", not "Readers", so they can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:48 AM 
 On this request, I meant "Users", not "Readers, so they can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:51 AM 
 On this request I meant "Users", not "Readers", so they can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:53 AM 
 Thanks for your help! 
 On this request, I meant "Users", not "readers, so he can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:57 AM 
 I bet Martin is going to have a different Company Code and Legal Cost Code than London.  His info in the computer also isn't complete.  Can you track that down for me.  Thanks! 
 What did you revise?    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/15/2001 12:18 PM 
 Anna's information is not completed and I bet her cost center is different from yours (company the same?). 
 I've got everyone's access submitted except Martin Rosell and Anna Reich and Oliver Harrison whose company codes and cost centers I will need.  Justin, Mark Illiott, Robert Quick and Paul Simons already had edit access into the database and does your assistant Nicola Beales who should be checking that when she approves counterparties for EnronOnline (although I don't think the UK agreement are currently up-to-date, although they need to be for EnronOnline, it will save her a lot of time).  I'm a little worried about your Credit people making changes.  When you approve Credit people, warn them that they are should not make any changes except to Credit comments.  Edmund will need to go in and add your Legal and Credit people to the Database Keywords as only he should have access to add Keywords.  You might want to get him started on that because you have a lot of people to add. It's taken me quite a bit of time get all these approvals done! 
 On or about 5/2/01we opened the above counterparty to transact Canadian/US Currency Swaps on EnronOnline (which they cannot transact under the old Master Energy Price Swap Agreement, they would have to transact udner the GTC).  After discussing this counterparty w/Sara Shackleton, an attorney in the swap group, it appears that Sara has been talking to Morgan Stanley and Morgan Stanley does all its interest rate & currency business out of Morgan Stanley Capital Services, Inc.  We can keep Morgan Stanley Capital Group open for currency swaps, but if they don't trade currency swaps out of that company we'll know why.  Sara is already working on an ISDA Master for Capital Services for Gary Hickerson's group. 
 Your request for our ISDA Password has been forwarded on to me.  Below is the password. 
 Below are the training preferences for our three Houston traders.  If you could sign them up I'd appreciate it .  I'll let you know as soon as I hear from the two Portland lads.  Thanks for your help, it was fun chatting with you! 
 Would it be possible to ask some key people from our Credit Dept. to attend this semiar?    Julia Murray@ENRON Sent by: Carolyn George@ENRON 05/15/2001 03:59 PM 
 Perfect!    Julia Murray@ECT 05/15/2001 04:49 PM 
 I heard about this kitty on the news but the didn't have any pictures. Thanks for forwarding it on!    Becky Spencer 05/16/2001 11:42 AM 
 I have given the form to an attorney to review.  As soon as he returns to his office I'll try and get a timetable for when we can expect an answer on whether their form is acceptable or not.    Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 11:47 AM 
 Mark, when you send out documents can you put the counterparty's name in the subject line so when I'm looking for the documents I can find them easier. Much thanks.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/16/2001 11:42 AM 
 I will attend. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, no physical European power approval for US counterparty until further notice.  The El Paso Merchang Energy-Gas, L.P. was responded to by email already yesterday. 
 New NDA for the Online Team, this time relating to ecommerce and business to business strategies.  Any conflicts... 
 Mark,  Your header is wrong on the 4th page.  The other pages say "David Berberian" and the 4th Page has some other guys name.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/16/2001 04:41 PM 
 So I don't forget when you get back, I just spoke to John Allario, and we either need to amend or draft a new NDA for General Motors to deal with some new business approaches Net Works is making with them.  We'll need to possible add in 3 other Enron companies, so when you get back give me a call and I'll bring my notes around and we can discuss this. 
 It depends on the sophistication of the counterparty.  I think Tembec is fairly sophisticated based on the resolutions from them I have already seen. For a counterparty that isn't, we have sample board resolutions we can send them, or we even prepare them for some counterparties because sometimes they can't even figure out how to fill in the blanks.    Chris Gaffney 05/17/2001 07:39 AM 
 Andrea,  I had Mark Greenberg, an attorney that works on EOL matters, review Green Mountain's form of CA and he much prefers ours.  What he suggested is that you send the counteparty back our form and say something to the effect that EnronOnline has a standard form of Confidentiality Agreement we prefer to execute our form.  If the form meets with their approval we're golden.  If they don't like it have them call me (and I'll just refer them to Mark!).  Attached is our preferred form.        Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 11:47 AM 
 An NDA for EOL, this time it would protect the counterparty so we can receive copies of their financial statements. 
 I wanted to forward you directions to my house for dinner this Saturday. Alicia left me a voicemail and also suggested you bring your friend Kimberly.  Please feel free to do so, the more, the merrier!  I hope you will be able to make it.  Everyone has responded yes, except John Hagood. 
 They should be approved today.  They were on last night's list.    Mary Griff Gray/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 10:01 AM 
 Good letter!    Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 10:34 AM 
 We'll have to wait til Mark Greenberg gets in tomorrow.    Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 11:15 AM 
 As long as we're all talking about vacations, I'm going to get mine on the board early.  I would like to take the week of July 16-July 20 off. 
 Breakfast at 10:00 sounds great!  Wherever you want to go...also, I need to get my bike back from you, I might be doing some biking.  I've been thinking about you.  Hope all is going well.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/17/2001 05:33 PM 
 Please call Carol.  How about the Buffalo Grille, or is that too busy?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/17/2001 05:53 PM 
 How goes you choosing a date for NYMEX ACCESS training?  I faxed you the schedule.  The Houston guys are going February 4, from 10:00 - 2:00.  The earlier you reserve, the better chance you have of getting the date you want... 
 Do I need to do anything?    Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 04:35 PM 
 Per the attached memo from Mary Cook, an attorney in the Swap Group, and our meeting with members of Global Counterparty where we discussed problems with utilities of cities not being clearly identified, may I suggest the we rename GPP 98029, Norwich Public Utilities, something like, The City of Norwich, Connecticut?(which state?), by and through its Public Utilities Department. (The city utilities are at the bottom of the list.)  Stephanie, we will also need them to resubmit their PA.  Cheryl, we may need to confirm how we want to set this counterparty up before Stephanie send out the PA.      Cordially, Mary Cook Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith, 38th Floor, Legal Houston, Texas   77002-7361 (713) 345-7732 (phone) (713) 646-3490 (fax) mary.cook@enron.com 
 Lucinda will be joining us.  I havent heard back from Holly.  Maybe you might want to give her a call too.  I'm sure she's a little stressed out right now!  Maybe you could bring my bike & helmet when you come.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 12:14 PM 
 Let's just keep it at 10 so we don't have to re-coordinate things.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 12:34 PM 
 I don't have Holly's email address, I always call her.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 01:05 PM 
 281/364-5207    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 03:06 PM 
 We have received the originally executed Password Application and Amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement dated as of 1/5/00.  The originals are being walked down to you. 
 Another request for the EnronOnline Team.  Any conflicts? 
 Attached is "Annex B.doc" which we use to prepare Annex B which contains the credit provisions we attach to a Confirmation when such is requested for omnibus financial confirmations.  About mid-way through the US Annex B is about 4 selections of collateral annexes depending on whether the credit is one-way or two-way and whether the collateral requested is letters of credit only or letters of credit and cash.  Following that is form of letter of credit.  We have an Annex B form for US counterparties and Canadian counterparties.  I have attached both.   The law in Canada currently does not favor taking cash in Canada and WE DO NOT TAKE CASH (this obviously is quite problematic for us!).  Our current advice from Canadian counsel is that Cash must be perfected in a way similar to filing a UCC.  The Canadian and US lawyers are re-reviewing this situation and I will let you know when/if this advice changes.      Karen A Cordova@EES 05/21/2001 10:00 AM 
 No problema!    Karen A Cordova@EES 05/21/2001 10:20 AM 
 Will attend    Becky Spencer 05/21/2001 10:23 AM 
 either day ok with me.    Esmeralda Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 05/21/2001 11:04 AM 
 Yes, I Fedexed it out for signature on Friday.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/21/2001 11:12 AM 
 I cannot approve any more old counterparties until Frank gets me that list show show what the counterparties said they wanted to trade when they sent in their password application.    Nicole Hunter/ENRON@enronXgate 05/21/2001 01:23 PM 
 At the request of John Allario, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Is there supposed to be something attached?    Georgi Landau@ENRON 05/21/2001 03:04 PM 
 Federal Expressed!!!    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/21/2001 04:23 PM 
 Can you handle this.  I have no ideal what they're talking about. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed forms of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.   I understand from Bob Shults that we still need to define who the legal contracting party will be for APB Energy-Europe.  After you have had a chance to review the agreements, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399 with any questions or comments you might have.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreements and return them to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 If you are looking for a copy of an ISDA  Master Agreement with Exxon, there is none.  If you are looking for a physical power master you need to contact Rhonda Denton.  I have access to financial trading agreements only.    Clinton Anderson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/23/2001 07:49 AM 
 Shouldn't these forms be placed in the atty.fms bank so all members of the swap team can get access to them... 
 Attached for execution is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the= =20 referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an = =20 Omnibus Confirmation.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  (i) Secretary'= s=20 Certificate re: Incumbency and certified copy of Enron Corp.=01,s articles = of=20 incorporation and bylaws, and (ii) Secretary's Certificate certifying=20 coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy for issuance of Guarantees.  I ha= ve=20 attached copies of these certificates.       Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the=20 documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Some additional comments are as follows:  1.  City of Redding-no change from our previous approvals. 2.  Cajun Electric Power-no west coast power (caiso or firm).  It can only trade east coast power and Enron can only purchase from Cajun via EOL.  As usual, no European power until further notice. 
 Engage Energy Canada is an Alberta corporation.    Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate 05/23/2001 03:33 PM 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreements and return them to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I was a little concerned when I got this email and I discussed it with Mark= =20 Taylor and I just want to confirm with you, that you are responsible for an= y=20 changes to resolutions for UK online corporations and we are responsible fo= r=20 US online corporations.  No changes should be made to the EnronOnline, LLC = or=20 Enron Net Works Board Resolutions without going through me or Mark.=20  I checked the EnronOnline minute books in the vault and unless I am plain= =20 missing it I have not prepared and see no resolutions appointing Lara=20 McKinney or Arfan as Agents and Attorneys-in-Fact to execute Password=20 Applications (which is the only authority we would give them, not general= =20 signing authority for any other documents).   I need to confirm whether you= =20 have prepared any resolutions granting Lara & Arfan signing authority and i= f=20 you have I need to get copies faxed to me.  Of course, I only care about=20 Enron Online, the other two companies fall under your jurisdiction. 
 My pleasure!    Mark S Palmer/ENRON@enronXgate 05/24/2001 11:08 AM 
 Cheryl,  Do you have their titles?  Only a VP or above can sign documents.    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 05/24/2001 09:59 AM 
 I need to approve, I'll approve today.    Mary Griff Gray/ENRON@enronXgate 05/25/2001 07:08 AM 
 Re: Pacific Forest Resources  Unless this is another company or they have changed their name subsequent to the execution of the ISDA Master in 1998, we have an ISDA Master in place with this counterparty and have a copy of their Articles of Incorporation in the file, and there is no "Inc." at the end of this company's name.  If you would like me to send you a company of the company's Articles of Incorporation I will be happy to do so. 
 Attached is revised list, opening up EOG Resources, and shutting down Cajun Electric Power Cooperative.  Thanks for the catch! 
 Sure, just use me as as reference for getting a job.  Let me know when you come into town.    Zoltan Trizna <ztrizna@pol.net> 05/25/2001 11:55 AM 
 It's on its way!    Cheryl Johnson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/25/2001 12:46 PM 
 Can I expect any kind of payback from my contractor for giving him such a high rating?    "Louis Fernandez Company" <louis@lfcompany.com> 05/25/2001 02:23 PM 
 Louis,  I went to fill in all that stuff, but they want to much personal information (like my address and phone number which I don't like to give out) and they won't accept the referral without it.    "Louis Fernandez Company" <louis@lfcompany.com> 05/25/2001 02:47 PM 
 No, I have not received the fully executed document yet from Steve.    Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/29/2001 09:14 AM 
 Sara, there is no paralegal yet working this deal.  It is an old Susan Flyn= n=20 deal and no credit has been received.  Unless you appoint a paralegal to=20 handle this I expect I will still be the paralegal that gets the snotty=20 emails and phone calls from Jen and from Rich Lassander. 
 I do not agree and I am discussing this with Justin Boyd in London before I (or Justin) responds to this Counterparty.  Joe, can you take a look at their EOL trades and see if there is any particular reason why their trades might be taking more than 24 hours to get a confirmation out?  Thanks.    Larry Joe Hunter 05/29/2001 11:26 AM 
 Justin,  Per the email below, before we respond to Glencore we just wanted to make sure that you haven't made any agreements with Glencore with respect to choice of law for the online trades that would subject them to UK law.  I don't want to talk to them without checking with you first since this is one of the true counterparties that we are trading with on both sides of the Atlantic.  By the way, I heard you had some really good news.  I'm so happy for you! 
 This is from Mark Taylor's presentation he gave for Mark Haedicke at the ISDA Energy Seminar in Houston earlier this year.  I know Elizabeth Sager did a presentation last month for Mark H. he gave to some power group in D.C. Also, Mark T. is currently working on one for bandwith trading for Tom Gros. 
 I don't know where we stand on reviewing the derivatives situation for the referenced counterparty, but Frank Davis with EOL just called and the counterparty is applying for a password, so he wanted to refresh his memory why we wouldn't open them up for derivatives trading.  I told him that we were just looking at their situation last week, and to give your name & # to the counterparty if they question why they can't trades derivatives.  It isn't clear to me that we're ready to change our opinion on them yet. 
 Thanks for the email.  Looks like we're not bad in getting their confirms out.  After I hear from Justin I'll give them a call, hopefully tomorrow.    Larry Joe Hunter 05/29/2001 02:09 PM 
 This counterparty is a public corporation and a political subdivision of the State of Nebraska (a governmental entity).  Sorry it took so long, I had to search the web and I just now had time.    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/20/2001 12:36 PM 
 Just something I noted as I got in to approve Edison Mission.  West power was also in the queue for approval.  We had previously had them approved for all power, and Credit had shut them down for power because Credit has been worried about their financial condition ala PG&E, but now is willing to open them up for all power.  I thought it was OK to open them up for all power since we had them open for all power before, but I just wanted to run it by you just in case...    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/21/2001 05:10 PM 
 Thanks Justy, maybe you can just fax me a copy of your PA or ETA, so I can have a copy of the document when I speak to them.  My fax no. is 713/646-3490.  Thanks!    Justin Boyd/Enron@EUEnronXGate 05/30/2001 04:32 AM 
 No ISDA for Mitsui Corp.  Below is the link which should enable you view access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  You can forward this email with the link to any member of your team and they will then have the link which will get them access to the database.  Link -->     Laurie Mayer 05/30/2001 08:26 AM 
 Nothing for me.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/30/2001 09:09 AM 
 You are the best!    Justin Boyd/Enron@EUEnronXGate 05/30/2001 09:56 AM 
 No problem.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 05/29/2001 01:20 PM 
 I told Paul Radous, the Credit guy that you had already said that these guys could not trade physical power because they do not have a power marketing license.  It perhaps might be possible for them to purchase US power only. If they want to enter into power transactions he is going to need to get you a name and phone number of someone at Engage that you can talk to to get evidence of their power marketing license. 
 We have received the originally executed Termination Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999, effective as of December 3, 1999 terminating certain transactions under the ISDA Master Agreement.  Copies will be distributed 
 Sorry, it was on the slow boat, in interroffice mail back from Steve, I just got it.  I'll fax a copy back to the company today and follow with an original by fedex this everning.    Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/30/2001 10:38 AM 
 Do we have an NDA for The Chase Manhattan Bank.  I kinda bet we do, but I kinda but we don't with respect to EnronOnline business... 
 As you requested, attached please find a copy of the referenced NDA. 
 Per our conversation, it appears that the two companies are going to merge in October?  Looking at Lotus Notes, I don't think we could pick two bigger dogs of masters to have in place.  I don't think we want either master to be the survivor master.  With Chase we have an old 1987 Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement and with Morgan we have a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement.  Yuk, yuk.  If I had my druthers I say, LET'S START OVER.  I know it's far reaching, but maybe we could make it our goal to have this master replaced by October.  Do you think that's do-able?  Do we have a contact at Chase/Morgan we can start dealing with?  I'm going to add chase to the Legal/Credit list just as a tickler for us to get this thing rolling. 
 Why did we change the name for the Board of Municipal Utilities of Sikeston, Mo.?  That is the way the counterparty's financial statement reads as well as how the name is set up on their website?  I also spoke to their lawyer and he said that is how they transact.    Samuel Schott/ENRON@enronXgate 05/30/2001 01:48 PM 
 Steve,  I am Mark's paralegal.  Why don't you go ahead and fax that agreement to me at (713) 646-3490 and it will get the agreement signed and faxed it back to you.  What is your fax number?    Steve Howarth <steve.howarth@bea.com> 05/30/2001 06:34 PM 
 Speedy Gonzalez retains his title!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/30/2001 05:32 PM 
 Our two Portland traders also want to attend the same seminar as the Houston guys below.  Can you confirm that these reservations are OK so our two Portland traders can make plane reservations.  Much thanks! 
 I feel your stock rising already!    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 08:03 AM 
 Whilst speaking to Koch about the Koch Hydrocarbons/Industries trades, they asked if they could get ISDA Masters in place with two other Koch entities we are currently trading with.  The two companies are:  Koch Petroleum Group L.P., Credit Contact at Koch is Arnold Lenz at (316) 828-8479  Koch Refining International Pte Ltd. a Singapore company, Credit Contact is in Singapore and can be reached at  65 835 20 27 (I don't know if Houston Credit or London Credit wants to handle this, I looked in the Master Swap Agreement database and I noticed that London sent them a draft in 1999).  The Legal contact at Koch is in my database.  It is a paralegal there, Pam Reinking at (316) 828-4783. 
 Link --> 
 Does this apply to us too? 
 Can you please confirms NDAs for the two companies below.  Much thanks! 
 Thanks, as usual!    Kay Young/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 03:41 PM 
 At the request of David Forster, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   Could you please confirm that we have the correct name of the company.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I can't believe you are approving this!  I was just about to give you a call to ask you about the status.  What a coincidence! 
 I am going to need his address since the front of the ISDA is a pre-printed form and I can't email it.    Edward Sacks/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 04:20 PM 
 Debbie Brackett and I met this week and reviewed the various Koch Hydrocarbon Company Divisions and have developed the following game plan to resolve the division issue with respect to this counterparty:  The following entities exist in GCP:  1.  Koch Hydrocarbon Co. (GCP #36680):  We would like this entity to remain OPEN and to be renamed "Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division". 2.  Koch Hydrocarbon Company (GCP #57853):  We would like all future trading with this entity SUSPENDED.  There appears to be one trade under this entity and this trade should me moved to GCP 36680. 3.  Koch Hydrocarbons Inc. (GCP #26197):  We would like all future trading with this entity SUSPENDED.  There appear to be no trades under this entity.  With respect to the current financial trading being done by Koch Industries, Inc. (GCP #126) (not under a master agreement), I spoke to the Legal Department at Koch and we will be entering into a side letter agreement with Koch that will put all financial trades done by Koch Industries, Inc. under the existing ISDA Master Agreement we have with Koch Industries, Inc. acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  I will let you all know when such side letter agreement has been executed.  As soon as GCP #36680 has been renamed we can re-submit them to EnronOnline and open them up for trading. 
 I have submitted the security requests to get the three of you access to the "Other Agreements" subdirectory of the Financial Agreement Database.  That approval usually takes about a day, as soon as it comes through I'll let you know.  You will of course, still need to solve how to get into the directory with Mike Neves.  Let me know when you can get in. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  No european power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Does this work for you?  Is this where you want us to send copies of our signed documents and original guarantees? 
 Any NDAs for referenced company? 
 OK by me.    Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate 06/04/2001 03:05 PM 
 This looks OK to me.  Can we please change the subject to read:  PLEASE REA= D 
 OK for me. 
 No, I don't ever believe we got this executed.  Maybe we need to chat...    Leslie Hansen 06/05/2001 11:06 AM 
 I don't think it should go on the list so traders don't make a mistake and trade under it.  Is that what you usually do Susan?    Tanya Rohauer/ENRON@enronXgate 06/05/2001 11:25 AM 
 All three of your access has been approved.  Now you just have to figure out how to get into the system. 
 Any NDAs for the referenced company.  As usual, it's for EOL business... 
 Just in case you want to join us, Mark, Liz Sager, Shawna and I are going to sign up for the Guadelupe River rafting tour.  If that's your cup of tea join us, 'cause it should be fun! 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Please return our original copy of the agreement to me along with the copy of the cover letter evidencing that you sent the copy to Dynegy.  Thanks.    Judy Thorne/ENRON@enronXgate 06/05/2001 06:11 PM 
 No, please send to me and I will handle.    Judy Thorne/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 09:06 AM 
 This has been sent down to Phillippe Bibi for signature.  I have not received the signed copy back from Phillippe yet.    Corinna Bolender/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 10:18 AM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 10:48 AM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 10:52 AM 
 What company are you with? 
 OK w/me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 01:30 PM 
 Can you please shut this counterparty down from trading weather.  Thanks! 
 Nope.  Gosh, the suspense nearly killed me!!!    Teresa Mandola/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 02:16 PM 
 Company policy (and corporate organizational documents) dictates that ALL= =20 contracts may only be executed by an officer at the Vice President level or= =20 above.  I checked the Corporate Secretary's Records and they indicate that= =20 neither Beth Perlman nor Richard Burchfield meet such requirements for Enro= n=20 Net Works.  Mark Greenberg directed me to get the agreement executed by=20 Phillippe Bibi.  Other officers we frequently get Networks agreements=20 executed by are David Berberian, Managing Director, Greg Piper, Managing=20 Director and Chief Operating Officer, Rex Shelby, Managing Director, or And= y=20 Zipper, Vice President.  If it relates to Commodity Logic, we can go to Tom= =20 Gros, Vice President.  Feel free to approach any of this slate of officers = to=20 get your documents executed. 
 A little forward movement trying to get the Global Counterparty not to set up counterparties under division or trade names.  If the counterparties insist on doing so, we have been trying to get them to add the legal name as part of the counterparty's name in GCP.   For non-swap team members, you may want to forward this email on to your groups as well. 
 Nope. 
 I have a call into the EOL team about this one.  I've tried to approve but no products will come into the queue.    Mary Griff Gray/ENRON@enronXgate 06/07/2001 09:43 AM 
 Beth Perlman, who IS a VP of Enron Corp.    Bob Ward/ENRON@enronXgate 06/07/2001 01:52 PM 
 One note.  We are currently negotiating some credit amendments to this=20 agreement. 
 My emphasis on IS was just that she IS a VP of Enron Corp., not Enron Net= =20 Works (which we found out yesterday she was not an officer of). 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching my list of North America "utility" counterparties.  My given task when I compiled this list was to identify "utilities" and determine if there was a reason we should not approve online trading for the counterparty.  We originally denied approval for all utilities unless we had a Master Agreement in place or an overriding commercial reason to transact.  We are now taking the position that investor owned utilities (IOUs) and related corporate entities should be approved for trading.  However, we will not approve online trading for governmentals or cooperatives when we do not have a master in place, so those counterparties identified as such do not need to be included in your review.  Obviously, if you are aware of a municipal or cooperative I failed to detect, please let us know.  In addition, your review does not need to extend to the Canadian counterparties.  We will run those by Canadian counsel.  Please review the list to help us identify the IOUs.  You may ignore the "Approved for Trading" column.  For your information, the list was compiled from information provided from our Credit Department, from the Company's financial statements which I obtained from EDGAR, from the Company's web site, from www.utilityconnection.com, or from web searches of the Company when I could not locate  information from any of the other sources.  Please give us a call tomorrow to discuss briefly. 
 You should have read access to our Financial Trading Agreements database=20 which should allow you (since you are in legal and can view the confidentia= l=20 comments section) access to the comments.  We are reducing counterparty's= =20 threshold.  Take a look, and see if you can see comments now. 
 Yes, call Mike Neves at x33363. 
 No, I think this one is for you... 
 Per our earlier discussions, I am attaching the language we would like added to the definition of Index in the long descriptions for all US physical and financial pulp, paper and lumber products.  If you have any questions, please give Mark or me a call.    Justin, as an FYI, is this something you might want to add to your European products as well? 
 Per our meeting, we need you to (i) check whether you had "Total Premium" or "Premium" in your online confirmation, and (ii) give me some language re: online trading procedures for the confirmation procedures section.  Thanks! 
 Anthony,  Unless your questions relate to an online problem, can you address your master questions to either of the two Susans.  Thanks! 
 At the request of Carol St. Clair, I am attaching our form of EnronOnline Password Application, Electronic Trading Agreement, and a sample of each of a financial and physical online GTC. 
 We received a Notice from the NYMEX today that they have set March 2 as the date for power to go ex-pit.  I will send each of you a copy of the memo. Copies are also being immediately hand delivered to Jim Fallon and Tim Belden. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an ISDA Master Agreement.  This Guaranty will supersede and replace the guaranty previously given to Counterparty (formerly known as Enserch Energy Services, Inc.) dated as of December 16, 1996.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Checking your mail, a Confidentiality  Agreement came in from Greg Bruch, I gave him a call to see what his timing was, he said ite wasn't urgent, but if we could get an attorney looking at it, to get it final maybe next week.  It is counterparty's form, they would be the disclosing party, for a potential fiber source deal.  I am going to pass the agreement on to Carol for review, and will leave you a copy. 
 Attached please find referenced list,   Again, no physical power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Why won't they let you go to the Corp. conference?  It's too bad, this new resort across the was from the Hyatt Hill Country where we stayed that last time it supposed to be even nicer.  Bummer!  It appears the ECT one is probably always going to be at the Woodlands Resort, which is real boring... 
 FYI 
 Can whoever is working on the revised confirms for the referenced counterparty let Doug know the status?  Thanks! 
 When you have a minute, I've been inputting data all week and have fixes/upgrades we need to the database.  In particular, the EOL people are about to introduce a new product any time time now, and I need that sort the shows "Approved, approved with limits, not approved" to work so I won't have to look at each of 1500 entries to determine what limits are in place.  When you arrive Monday can you let me know how long it will take you to have that sort working.  Then, maybe we can get together and discuss other changes we need to make.  Much thanks! 
 Attached please find referenced list.  No european power products approved until further notice. 
 Below are the people I would like to have access to this database:  Me Mark Taylor Leslie Hansen Elizabeth Sager Alan Aronowitz Harry Collins Stacy Dickson Jeff Hodge David Portz Molly Harris Tom Moran Edmund Cooper in London Justin Boyd in London  Thanks! 
 Working late, huh!?! 
 Why did you send this credit worksheet to me for a physical deal? 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Of course, no European power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Am I supposed to do anything with this new counterparty, or wait until you add it to tomorrow's list? 
 San Diego has applied for a Password Application and wants to trade financial.  Per them, they have already been trading financial off-line with us, and I check with the Confirm Desk and that statement is true, Craig Breslau has done financial trades with them (I thought they weren't allowed to trade financial?!).  Anyway, can we now open them up to trade financial? 
 Do any of the other trading groups have any masters in place with Transammonia, Inc. or any of its divisions, such as Trammochem, Trammo Gas or TrammoGas & Petrochemicals?  Can you let me know ASAP.  Thanks! 
 I am meeting with the exterminator tomorrow a.m.  He said he would arrive between 8-9 am, if he shows up more toward 9 I might not be back yet, if he shows up more towards 8, 10:00 will probably be fine. 
 Attached is the list for 1/24/00.  For the list dated 1/25/00 which only had one amended counterparty, First Energy Corp., I have a change in my earlier approval, from the Power Group. I don't have a code for this, so I'll just tell you, for this Counterparty Enron call SELL power only to them pursuant to an on-line GTC.  This Counterparty cannot sell to us via EOL. 
 It appears that you are signed up for this class, and the confirmation and approval should go to you & Scott.  Remember that you will be charged if you do not cancel if you are not going to go (and the charge for canceling is pretty high, about $1000.  There is no charge if you attend.  Also, let me know if you don't get the proper approval forms. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, no european power products for US counterparties until further notice.  Also, Renaissance is an Amended approval, so I just wrote in the corner-amended-no change, since I have no change in the  earlier approvals I told you. 
 Don't feel left out, but you're the only person I haven't heard from... 
 I said that Contract Administration couldn't determine by looking at the database whether there was one and you said you would look at the database, that you might be able to tell. 
 We have received the executed Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated January 13, 2000.  This Amendment amends the Threshold levels in the Credit Support Annex.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have no record of such an ISDA Master or any other financial master being in place with this counterparty.  Could it be drugs?!! 
 I hope you know I was joking with you...I was a little hesitant about sending that message... 
 I'm glad to hear from you!  I guess I'm a little confused.  I thought you were going to send me your form.  I would be happy to send ours.  I can draft one up in a jiffy.  Just let me know what you prefer.  P.S.  Isn't email wonderful! 
 The Lower Colorado River Authority has called and is ready to do financial business with us and wants to get a revised draft of the ISDA.  The credit on the draft I sent them before is quite old, so I need someone to get me new credit or tell me if the old credit is still ok.  Respectfully, 
 We are going to open San Diego Gas & Electric to transact the following financial products, but are going to limit the length of the trades to 3 months or less.  The approved products per the Master Agreement are any "swap, cap, floor, collar or option...based on the prices of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, or electric power...".  I have previously not distributed the executed Master Agreement because of unresolved issues with the counterparty, but will send copies today to the usual distribution.  We have an executed Master Energy Price Swap Agreement in place between ECT and the counterparty dated as of February 25, 1997.  All financial trades for this counterparty should go under the master. 
 Gracie,  Thanks for your help! 
 FINANCIAL:  We have an ISDA Master in place, originally through Transammonia, Inc., acting through its division Trammochem.  That master has since been expanded to allow trading through additional divisions, Trammo Gas Division and Trammo Gas & Petrochemicals Division.  All trades and confirms can be done as follows:  Transammonia, Inc. Transammonia, Inc. acting though its division Trammochem Transammonia Inc. acting through its Trammo Gas Division Transammonia Inc., acting through its Trammo Gas & Petrochemicals Division  Obviously, Transammonia, Inc., the body corporate, needs to always be on the confirm.  PHYSICAL:  My reports from the other Legal trading groups are that they have no contracts in place, although it is somewhat unclear on the physical gas side as to whether Global Contracts as to whether we have any physical gas master in place. 
 Mark just had to run down quick to a meeting.  When he gets out we'll give you a call & go over this stuff.  We really appreciate your help! 
 If you are in Houston on Feb 10 and HAVE NOT PLANNED ON HAVING DINNER WITH ME, then just don't plan on coming.  I mean, after your last lame excuse about that hotel by the airport, I'm gonna take it real personal if the only hotel room you can get this time is in Pearland.  Ya know what I mean...  Anyway, I have been thinking about you and wondering what you're up to.  For the Enron Corp. Legal Conference, real cool people (like me) are signing up for the raft trip, so as long as the weather's nice we're going to be floating down the Guadalupe drinking some brews.  So if you were cool you'd be hanging out with the cool group (like me)...what are your plans?!! 
 Attached please find referenced list.  Again, no European power for US counterparties until further notice. 
 Please be advised that the NYMEX ACCESS training session will be held from 10:00 am - 2:00 pm at the DoubleTree Hotel in the Allen Center. 
 Usually y'all let me know who's working on the Credit and when I can expect some, but since I didn't hear back I thought that y'all just forgot about me since I'm not on the day to day stuff...there is no particular urgency, next week is fine... 
 Per your request, attached is our sample ISDA Schedule for a plain U.S. corporate entity. 
 I feel better already...sniff...sniff... 
 Attached please find referenced list.  As usual, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Nella,  Your message about the Canadian forms inspired me to visit with Mark.  We were in the middle of updating the Canadian forms, and Mark just gave me a few final changes, and as soon as I make those I'll email them up to you. Actually we have two Canadian forms, the ISDA and the "Industrial". 
 I just got some late changes in from Leslie, so please hold list I JUST send you until she resolves these issues.  Thanks! 
 Here is my revised list incorporating Leslie Hansen's power comments. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  The only amended counterparty with a change was Murphy Exploration which was shut down for power.  I wonder, when we are working with amended counterparties, if there is some way that my prior approval could be on the recent spread sheet?  Right now I have to go find the old spread sheet to find out what I approved it for last time to see if I have any problem with the change.  So usually, unless I have - change next to amended, it means I had no change to what I said before.  Does that make sens? 
 I am actually working on the pieces of the project, but the overall "system" still needs to be designed.  I've been working with our computer people to upgrade our master swap agreement database.  We will be capturing some additional information that we hope will somehow later on feed into the autoconfirm process.  Then, once we work out confidentiality issues relating to our comments section and different companies, we will be opening the database to all interested ENA employees.  I've developed two new databases, we're currently working the kinks out of. First is our" jurisdictional database", which will summarize the swap laws as they relate to each country.  Our international business is growing and its becoming imperative that we get this up and going.  I've actually got the database designed, we're working some kinks out and I hope lawyers can start briefing the country information soon.  Of course, the compelling project for us over the last 6-9 months has been online trading.  I was made the primary legal contact to deal with all the business units for online trading counterparty approvals and contract information.  With thousands of counterparties being approved initially and on a ongoing basis we needed a database to keep track of which counterparties we have approved or disapproved, and tie each product to a contract.   We have that system ready now and I am finishing having the data inputted.  The other part of the system will be our Library of research memoranda, legal advice, etc.  This will be a cross product library (financial, physical, power, etc).  I think I am going to dupe a database the European office has in place to create ours.  The major complaint I have heard from some of them is that the index is not user friendly and they cannot find things when they want them.  So I've got to create a lawyer user friendly index.    Among other documents, this is I think where our forms might reside, in addition, all the research and advice on various legal issues we've received from outside counsel, as well as ISDA Netting Opinions and the like.  I think this Library will be maintained on the same worldwide web our contracts are being scanned into and kept.  I think we can buy a scanner that will scan the documents in, then the web is already set up so we can have our documents available around the world.  So the setup for this might go quickly, although compiling all of our legal advice from the various offices and lawyers might be more of a problem.  The last part we've got to develop is the then overall place or site for all these various databases.  So I think necessity has made me develop the pieces before the overall system.  Maybe when you have time we can have a chat about all this. 
 It's a date!  Would you like me to make reservations at someplace nice, or just go casual? 
 FYI,  Today is the date for renewal of the Consent of Service of Process in connection with the ISDA Master Agreement in place with the referenced counterparty.  I have faxed Mr. Blaquier a request to provide me with evidence of such renewal.  I will keep you apprised. 
 My fax won't go through, I appear to have a bad number.  Can one of you provide me with a new fax & phone numbe ror contact Mr. Blaquier.  Thanks! 
 Debra is the paralegal for the physical gas trading group. 
 The fax still can't seem to go through.  Do I have too mane 2's in the fax #?  Do I need to add a 1 to dial out of the U.S.? 
 What's the scoop, can't come up with ten Top 10's?!!  I never thought I'd see the day... 
 You've received the whole thing.  Mark T. likes to ad lib a lot when he gives a presentation. 
 This came up at our Group meeting today, did you ever sign that Master Netting Agreement for Petro-Canada at year end? 
 new person taking over for Bob Shults 
 Attached please find referenced lists.  Again, now European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Bob Klein from Salomon Smith Barney would like to arrange a conf. call tomorrow at 11:00 am.  I checked your calendar and you look clear so I told him that was OK and that we would call him. 
 I have been faxed a proposed form of assignment from El Paso with respect to certain trades transacted between 1/14 and 1/25 which they would like assigned to their affiliate, El Paso Energy Marketing Canada Inc.  I am having a messenger walk a copy down to each of you and need your direction as to whether we should consent to this assignment. 
 I have had to revise the list I provided to you earlier.  The change was shutting Kimball down for financial as well. 
 Shari, how do you want to handle this? 
 I spoke to Howard Volz at CT Corporation today, and he said he sent the renewal to DAPSA in November (their renewal date is Feb. 1 of each year) and hasn't heard from them.  I asked him to refax the renewal notice to them.  He said CT will not revoke the consent for about 5-6 more weeks, so we've got some time to resolve this.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Thanks for your email.  I don't want to state the obvious because you appear to already be in compliance, but just as a precaution, I want to make sure you are aware the ECT has a policy which prohibits it employees/traders from trading in anything the company trades in.  Any trading you do for your own account must comply with this policy. 
 I do not appear to be having a winning record for getting my approval list right the first time today.  Attached is also a revised list for 01/31/00. Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa... 
 Can you make a note in Lotus Notes reflecting your conversation.  Thanks! 
 FYI, about the Canadian master netting agreements. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  Again, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice.  On Sithe Power where we only changed the counterparty id #, there is no change from my previous approval. 
 I understand there is a little confusion regarding what products we can trade under the "Master Master"  for the referenced Counterparty.  It's not surprising, it's a confusing master!  This is currently the only agreement we have in place that contains terms for trading both physical and financial transactions in one agreement.  There is a Master Trading Agreement dated February 22, 1996 in place between ECT and  AIG Trading Corporation, now known as Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (Global Contract Reference No. 96000160).  This agreement provides for financial Swap, Option and Swaption transactions (excluding weather), and further provides for physical natural gas transactions only.  It does not provide for any other physical products.  Call me if you have any questions... 
 Just a reminder to talk to me Monday about the utilities.  I was not aware we were not currently trading financial power, which they are getting ready to open up.  I figure the utilities will start squealing loudly when they cannot trade.  So, I've go to start opening up my utilities... 
 Marie was just telling me about your rough tour of duty in the French Alps next week.  I speak a little high school French...perhaps you might need some assistance while you are there...?! 
 How do they override letters go out?  Do you tell someone, do I need to? 
 Can you please shut this counterparty down for weather.  Thanks! 
 Fyi.  However, we need 7 file drawer files.  What do you think. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  On the amended counterparties, Southwestern Public Service Company is the only one with a change, with Enron sells power only, and on the only new counterparty, Minnesota Power, we've got Enron selling power only also.  Again, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 I thought Bob's email was cute.  I asked him to get me our deals numbers for the El Paso assignment, and he sent me the following... 
 Marie and I had a giggle over your email! 
 Who's Dana? 
 Mark and I were discussing my potential purchase of a car, and were looking at some web sites, and thought we would pass on the following car buying web sites:  www.edmunds.com (tells you what prices to pay for cars, safety records)  www.consumer.org (Consumer Reports Magazine Web Site, more to car safety, repair records)  www.carclub.com (if you go to "research advice", then click on "crash test results" they have some info on SUV crash tests.  Since y'all don't have as many SUV's on the road in England you may not know that some of them have failed the crash tests big time, and that also because their point of gravity is up higher they tend to rollover (or "tump" as we say here in Texas) when you make a sharp turn (like to avoid an accident).  Anyway, we were a little concerned about your safety... 
 You narratives aren't too long, I'm just giving you some grief! 
 I have created a database for the Legal Dept., somewhat similar to how the master swap agreement database works, for us to keep track of our approvals for EOL trading, as well as any executed amendments to the EOL Password Application, ETA, GTC, or any other EOL documents.  I have been inputting the data for the Houston based Credit counterparties, and was wondering whether you want me to input the London based Credit counterparties or not.  I have no idea whether you've approved them or not, you'll have to input that data, or you could send it to me and I can input it for you.  Also, I don't know what counterparties you've had since the initial three big counterparty lists...But I know you are busy and it might be hard for you to find the time to input the initial counterparty data, unless you have an assistant do that.  Anyway, we (me, since I'm the one approving all new counterparties for every Legal Group in Houston!) have been using it and are finding it very helpful).  It is also helpful for when I'm out so Mark Taylor can look to see whether I've approved a counterparty or not and what rationale I had for the approval (usually I only put in info when I don't approve a counterparty). Anyway, the link to the database is attached, so why don't you take a look at it just to see what I'm doing.  We're still working on some of the sorts and inputting the data, so it's not fully operational yet.  Anyway, give me your thoughts...Don't make any changes, it'll screw things up... 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  As usual, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further ntocie. 
 Your prompt attention to this matter is greatly appreciated....! 
 As a follow-up to our conversation in London when you said I should bring to your attention any concerns I might have with financial trading issues, the following has recently come up as an issue here in Houston (and does so from time to time).   We will, in fact, be discussing it at our group meeting next week.   I spoke to Edmund about it when I was there in London, but in light of the recent Canadian form problems and the resulting concerns of Mark Haedicke with the integrity of our forms, I thought I should bring this your attention.  One of our continuing concerns on the financial trading side is that every financial trading lawyer/paralegal work from the centrally approved forms. The Houston forms are currently located in a "read-only" directory.  We need to be careful that users copy the forms out of the directory each time they use the form.  Copying the form into a personal directory for ease of use creates issues with people working from outdated base forms, or having forms evolve without  approval.  Another way forms get changed without going through the approval process is when an attorney tells the paralegals to make a change in every swap agreement they approve.  It counts as a form change, not a negotiation change, if you make it in every agreement.  Ultimately our goal is to centralize the forms in a database easily accessible to all of us on a global basis (this is a central and critical component of the Fishkin Project).  Thanks for your attention to this. 
 Would you like to set up a time to chat?  My calendar is pretty clear this week, except for tomorrow at 2:00 pm. 
 We wish you the best for your vacation!  I hope the rest of the Credit Group maintains the high standard of diligence and promptness that you have established. 
 I haven't heard back from you about my EOL database.  I will hope that your lack of response means that you are busy, not in disapproval of my lovely database... 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  We have no changes to the amended counterparties, so the only counterparty really with a comment is Westcoast Energy, which we have not approved for power.  Of course, no European power for US entities until further notice. 
 My Apartment:  1.  Fix leg on sunroom denim couch 2.  Fix front of dresser drawer in back bedroom that is falling off 3.  Front door - handle is loose 4.  The window in the back bedroom behind the bed is missing trim.  I think the trim is in the closet in the living room.  The blinds won't be right if we don't get that trim in.  Downstairs Apartment:  1.  Fix broken window in front bedroom 2.  In bathroom, piece of wood has fallen off cabinet 3.  In bathroom, towel rack is broken.  Can you replace? 4.  Peter says ice cube maker won't shut water off when is on, so he just had it off 5.  Nancy said front door handle is loose 6.  Do we have any drips in sinks?  The floor refinishers will show up Monday morning.  They are going to refinish downstairs floors and my back stairwell.  I would like to recarpet upstairs.  Where do you suggest I go to get new carpeting? 
 Two emails and still no response...was it something I said?! 
 Can you change it on my calendar.  Thanks! 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Since all the counterparties are amended counterparties, my changes are as follows:  1.  Statoil - no change in earlier approvals  2.  Texla -  I don't think it's a change, but they cannot trade US power, also there is no change for financial, I previously said and we continue not to trade financial.  3.  Avista Corporation- Washington Water Power Division.  For financial trading for Avista Corporation I previously said no financial trading.  I am going to open them up for all financial trading.  They can trade under the Avista Corporation name, or they can trade as Avista Corporation, acting through its Washington Water Power Division.   For power trading,  they can trade all US West power products, but can Enron can only sell to Avista for US East power products.  Again, no European power for US counterparties until further notice. 
 Just a reminder to talk to Tim Belden... 
 You are the woman! 
 I have not heard back from DAPSA with respect to the Consent to Service of Process.  Can your business contact there give them a call?  Thanks. 
 Per my conversations with John Suttle in Credit, I am opening up the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products. 
 Just a reminder...to talk to Tim Belden.... 
 Why do we have two active masters?!  Because it appears that Synder/Santa Fe merged and Susan B. did not handle to multiple master issue! 
 In looking through Lotus Notes for EOL, it appears we have two active masters for Santa Fe Snyder Corporation.  Does anyone know which one is the active master? 
 The master agreement for this counterparty appears to not cover the Trade Option Exemption.  Are we adding that into confirms? 
 When would you like to discuss utilities...? 
 I went through our Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement Database and determined that the following masters do not permit power:  The Bakersfield Californian    newprint only Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG   no commodity transactions CGAS, Inc.      natural gas only (are currently shut down for trading because authority certificate only covered one trade) Coastal Gas Marketing Company   natural gas transactions only Credit Lyonnais New York Branch (AAA Program) no commodity transactions E.W. Scripps Company (The)    48.8 gram newsprint swaps only Lehman Brothers Special Financing, Inc.   no commodity transactions.  Weather is ok Mellon Bank NA     FX and currency option transactions only Midland Bank plc     FX and currency option transactions only National Westminster Bank    FX and currency option transactions only Palladium Insurance Limited    weather only Phibro, Inc.      energy price swaps based on fixed and floating prices of natural gas, crude oil or oil products and/or call        and put options based on the prices of natural gas, crude oil or oil products  Praxair, Inc.      natural gas only PXRE Corporation     weather only St. Paul Re (Bermuda) Ltd.    weather only Tempest Reinsurance Company Limited  weather only Westdeutsche Landesbank Gironzentrale  FX and currency option transactions only 
 TAKE A VACATION DAY! 
 Please find attached the referenced list.  For Enserco Energy, Inc., my previous approvals remain the same except for power, which has been shut down for trading (I can't just copy the last excel spreadsheet since the columns are not in the same order anymore).  Then, the only other new counterparty is also shut down for power but open for everything else. 
 We need to amend the master on Williams, and Mark asked me to see you about it because this type of amendment might have to be made to a number of counterparty masters.  When you have some time, can I come around...Thanks... 
 I will attend. 
 I have received executed copies of the following assignments of certain EOL trades (physical and financial):  1.  Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and among Aquila Risk Management Corporation ("Assignor") and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ("Assignee") and Houston Pipe Line Company  2.  Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and among Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ("Assignor") and Aquila Risk Management Corporation ("Assignee") and Enron North America Corp.  3.  Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and among Aquila Canada Corporation ("Assignor") and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ("Assignee") and Enron North America Corp.  Copies of these assignments will be sent to the usual distribution group. 
 The EOL trade assignment letters are prepared off the same form we do our regular assignments.  There is no special language in the assignment form about online issues. 
 Attached are the Swap Group's form of Enron Corp. and Counterparty guarantees.  Erica, these forms are located at atty.fms/swaps/current forms/guaranty.doc. 
 I'm ready for a real challenge...!  It is always my pleasure to help you and Babs! 
 What the latest with Force?  Should we proceed with this amendment... 
 I have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of May 25, 1999.  This amendment deletes the prior Confidentiality provision in the ISDA Master Agreement and replaces it with our current Confidentiality language.  This change will allow either party to provide copies of the agreement to its Affiliates.  Copies will be distributed. 
 With this attitude, you are sure to work up in the standings of being our favorite Credit person... 
 The referenced counterparty is approved to trade all products except power. 
 I do believe you can look up who is working on this master in Lotus Notes... 
 Greg, check with Nella or Peter.  The ISDA 1994 Credit Support Annex should be contained in the binder I gave Peter during his secondment here in Houston. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated February 15, 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement.  Copies will be distributed in the usual manner. 
 And you just know I just hate to be right...! 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  Please note the following:  1.  For Puget Sound, no change in our earlier approvals except for power. For power, open for West products, but ENRON SALES only for East products.  2.  For Ferrell International Limited, Credit shows them as an amended CP, but I have no record of seeing them before, so I treated them as a new CP.  Again, no European power for U.S. counterparties. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated February 8, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty. Copies will be distributed in the usual manner 
 I spoke to Mark Taylor today and he said that he spoke this week with a lawyer from, I believe Skadden, that had been hired by the OMLX to talk to ED&F Mann about the CFTC issue.  I think Mark Taylor is waiting to hear back from the Skadden lawyer. 
 We have received the executed  Letter Agreement dated January 25, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with respect to the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be distributed in the usual manner. 
 We have received fully executed copies of the following assignments of physical natural gas transactions:  1.  Assignment of Various Natural Gas Transactions by and between El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. and Enron North America Corp.  2.  Assignment of Various Natural Gas Transactions by and between El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. and Enron Canada Corp.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Thanks for following up with this!  It is critical we have accurate information on our positions.  Continually busting our limits could subject the company to potentially substantial fines from the NYMEX.  Please let me know what Mike's thoughts are... 
 Oh, you little sweet talker...! 
 No, I didn't get it.  Just reply back to this email & reattach it. 
 Can we do a "See" dropdown like the Master Swap Agreement Database, so we can track name changes?  Thanks! 
 As a follow-up to our conversation, the referenced counterparty is not an eligible swap participant, therefore we need to shut them down for all financial. 
 What do you think about the situation below? 
 The Legal/Credit Meeting scheduled for today is canceled due to the absence of Susan Flynn. 
 Attached is the referenced counterparty approval list.  On Encal, the only amended counterparty, I don't know if this is a change or not from the prior approval, but Leslie shut them down for power.  All other prior approvals for that counterparty should remain the same. 
 Let me know what you think...I may go do my "long" run on Sunday, if you're doing one too, maybe we can meet for breakfast... 
 What are your thoughts on this... 
 Is this trade something you know something about? 
 I spoke to Mike Mulligan at Paribas and he said he had discussed this trade with Lee.  I don't know if you need any help from me expediting this amendment to the guaranty, let me know if you do.  Mike's number is in our Master Swap Agreement database. 
 Attached is the referenced list, with the following comments:  1.  BC Gas Utility Ltd. was added as an amended counterparty by me.  We got the financial master in place with them so we are opening them up for all financial. 2.  Ferrell North America - we have a financial master in place with Ferrellgas, L.P., d/b/a Ferrell North America.  That should be the name that goes out on the confirm.  All the counterparties on today's list are shut down for power. 
 Attached is the Enron Employee Referral Form and resume of my friend Patty Young, which I will be submitting to two groups for consideration.  Please let me know if anything else is needed. 
 I don't understand what it is I haven't completed.  Can you let me know so I can complete the form.  Thanks! 
 I'll pass on any other articles on the transportation industry that might be in our various derivatives magazines .  Glad you liked this one! 
 What if there is no specific job.  I spoke to Mary Solmonson in Global Contracts and she said they had several job offerings and to send the resume to her and she would take a look at it and forward it to the relevant groups? 
 EOL needs to hear ASAP whether Nicor Gas Company is approved to trade online...can you let me know...thanks! 
 Attached is the referenced approval list. 
 Attached is the revised Referral Form and Resume for Patty Young.  I hope this does it! 
 Tonight I'm going to see a house after work today and then I have a late Sergei workout.  But keep me in mind in the future...  I finally got your application accepted by our personnel group, so now I can forward it to the respective groups for review.  One of the bad things about big corporations are the forms you have to fill out to do anything... 
 That was funny! 
 We have received the following executed ISDA Master Agreement (which supersedes and replaces the Master Agreement [ECT] executed 1/30/97, dated as of 10/19/95):  Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:  10/19/95  Executed Date:  02/09/00  Enron Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:  TXU Energy Trading Company  Transactions Covered: All products covered except pulp & paper and FX  Confirm Desk:    As previously noted, we have agreed to a special form of confirmation acceptance letter 
 FYI, attached is the Confirm Desk's latest list of confirms requiring special provisions. 
 At our Group meeting this past week we discussed paying the consent to service of process ourselves, just so we can make sure it stays in place, since it's not such a large amount of money.  Sara Shackleton is heading down there next week and was going to discuss this with you...we just wanted to give you a head's up about our thinking on this. 
 Linda and I had a good visit Sunday for about six hours.  We had a nice lunch at an outdoor cafe, went shopping in the Village, and then went back to my house for a chat.  Linda had pictures of Jenny.  She is a beautiful 14 year old, blond like Linda but with Tim's dark eyes and full eyebrows.  She was voted the #1 girl in an underground survey done by the boys in her class, and Linda was a little concerned about that because Jenny is a little developed for her age group and she's afraid the boys interest is a little prurient. Her marriage is going well despite Steve's current unemployed status.  But she is doing well in her job, they moved into a bigger house and Tim bought her old one, and all in all is at a very good place in her life.  I'm getting ready to leave for New Orleans tomorrow for our Legal Conference.  We have dinner reservations at Emeril's for 9:00 tomorrow night and we're all a bit excited about that.  Then Thursday night is our big night out at a blues club.  This email was a good idea.  Linda got my address and I hope to be chatting with her more than every two years!  I'll be in touch when I get back.   All my love, 
 We have received the executed ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) executed 04/08/99, effective as of 06/09/98.  Copies will be distributed.  We also received the originally executed Confirmation, Deal # EM3927.1,2 & 3.  I will sent it down to the Confirmation Desk. 
 Dear Mr. Zunic,  Pursuant to the request of Fred Lagrasta, I am attaching a sample form of our Master Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Fred at (713) 853-6529 if you have any comments or questions. 
 With respect to the referenced lists, all the counterparties on these lists are amended counterparties and there are no changes to our earlier approvals.  FYI, Credit did not have Ionic Energy down as an amended counterparty, but per my conversation with Tom Moran, it was on the initial second list, and should be treated as an amended counterparty. 
 Below is the new drop down I need added:  Trade Option Representation (choose one only):  standard weather included enron must be offeree none other  Mike, the above should have a box to check, and the box should always check "standard" unless someone goes in and effectively changes it.  Then add the following:  Other trading provisions  pulp & paper FRABBA  Switching databases to the EnronOnline database:  We need to add a category for a new product, Credit Derivatives, have a comment box just like financial or power, have it follow after power. 
 This will confirm our conversation today regarding which European jurisdictions are approved for trading credit derivatives:  the U.K., Sweden, Norway, Finland and Switzerland.  The European jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include:  France, Germany, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Scotland, Spain, and The Netherlands.   For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches).   This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.  Per our conversation, Canada is also not an approved jurisdiction for credit derivatives.  Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  I haven't said it for a few lists, but remember, no European power for US counterparties until further notice... 
 Greg,  It appears we send Dynegy Canada a draft ISDA in July of 1999, and got no response from them.  We will need to update the ISDA we sent them in July since our form has changed since then.  Once we get the go ahead from John Suttle in Credit as to whether we need to update the credit, we will prepare the ISDA Master Agreement you have requested. 
 My pleasure...! 
 There are no changes from my previous approvals for the two counterparties on this list. 
 No, they never gave me an updated copy. 
 It appears this class is on a Sunday & a Monday.  Did I get this right? 
 Per my conversation with Credit, it appears there are two Northern States Power Companies.  We have already reviewed Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation (cpy ID #265).  The counterparty that showed up on yesterday's list is Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation (cpy ID #161).  The Wisconsin corporation is a sub of the Minnesota corporation.  I don't know if this makes any difference in your approvals... 
 Robin Newman Matthew Bender & Co. 212/448-2168 
 With the execution of the Wisconsin Gas Company master, this brings the total executed financial masters to 400.  The countdown to 500 executed financial masters is now starting!  Congratulations to the Legal and Credit teams for getting us to this point and for a job well done! 
 Leslie,  Why am I getting this information below?  These counterparties are not on my approval lists for the last few days.  Did Frank ask you questions re: the counterparties below, and you just want me to put this info in the EOL Legal Database? 
 With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules? 
 Rick Tucker at Pan Canadian (he used to be at PG&E) called and has been speaking to Willie Harrell on the Confirm Desk, and I believe Willie spoke to Mark about this issue yesterday, but it appears to be unresolved and I think Mark was going to talk to you about it.  Pan Canadian is doing EOL trades, and wants to know why he keeps getting the online confirms w/the GTC's attached since the way the system is set up he technically is already agreeing to the GTC's online.  He feels he is having to look at a lot of unnecessary paper.  Rick will be out of the office Friday and Monday, but was hoping you could give him a call Tuesday to discuss this issue.  His phone # is 713/331-5049.  FYI, we do not have a master in place with Pan Canadian Energy Services. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  Please note:  Tampa Electric Company can do power sells only.  Even though Peoples Gas is a division of Tampa Electric, it cannot trade power because its power marketing license was not granted in that name.  Further, I earlier shut down Tampa Electric Company for financial trading, and I am now opening them up for financial trading, either as Tampa Electric or Peoples Gas. 
 I am confirming my conversation with you yesterday and my conversation a minute ago with Lori Volpi at Dynegy Canada.  As we discussed, Dynegy Canada is trading with both ECC and ENA, with the bulk of its trading being done with ECC.  Instead of getting two ISDA Master Agreements in place, we will enter into an ISDA Master Agreement between ECC and Dynegy Canada, and then just back-to-back any ENA trades down to Houston by virtue of the Services Agreement for Financial Agreements we have in place between ECC and ENA. Per my conversation with Lori, this will also work with the EOL trades since the Electronic Trading Agreement provides that any financial trades done for either ECC or ENA will be transacted under the respective master agreement in place with either ECC or ENA.  Works for me...! 
 Brenda Whitehead prepared that presentation and should be sending it to you. 
 I would be more than happy to update the database with any comments you may want me to add, don't ever feel bad, when I don't expect something I just need to know what it's about.  I hope we can open the EOL Legal Database soon so you can update any comments or notes directly into it. 
 In response to your email:  1.  The NYMEX did not have Dana Davis down as a user because he just completed and signed his application Wednesday evening and the NYMEX received the application by Fedex Thursday.  It will take several days for them to process his application.  Further, he still needs to attend their training session in NY (I hope this coming Wednesday) before he will be able to trade online.  2.  As far as the problem with only one user being able to get in NYMEX ACCESS at a time.  I have a call into the NYMEX about this.  We get a terminal per seat, so since we have two seats, we get two terminals at no cost.  The 3 additional terminals have to be leased from other NYMEX members and the NYMEX is arranging the initial lease for us and will pay the lease, cost free for the first 6 months.  After 6 months any cost associated with the 3 additonal terminals will have to be borne by ENA.  I have a call into the NYMEX to find out what the status of our 3 leases is.  3.  Bruce, per your voicemail about you or a member of your group having the ability to change operator access to these terminals, changes in the terminal operator approvals can only be done by the two seatholders, who are currently Mark Haedicke and Kevin Hannon.  Any changes with respect to operators will have to be done by full application to the NYMEX, therefore, such process should continue to be done through the Legal Department. 
 Below are the account numbers at Salomon Smith Barney that you will need to trade NYMEX ACCESS power:  PJM  017 90327 CIN  017 90316 ENT  017 90317 PV  017 90404 COB  017 90405  For those of you who haven't done business with Salomon Smith Barney before, our trader contact there is John Galperin at (212) 723-7284. 
 Per the request of Mark Taylor, I am forwarding the attached. 
 Attached is the list of the counterparties that EOL wants to approve for emissions auction trading.  Please let me know ASAP if there are any counterparties on this list that should not be allowed to trade emissions auctions. 
 Per the note below from Brent, I am going to inactivate this master.  Also, per his note, it appears you should make a note to review the credit prior to approving any future trades. 
 Gracie,  My confirmation of the class showed the 8/8 and 8/9.  You may want to go in and check your schedule. 
 I had Calpine Power Services Company shut down for financial, and we got the master in signed, so I am going to open them up.  Can you add them to tomorrow's list.  Thanks! 
 I don't know what list you are working from for your approval of credit derivatives, but attached is the list EOL sent me.  Many of the counterparties on the list are London based credit counterparties, and I will not be reviewing those, but I thought you might want to take a look at this to see if it's jiving with what you're looking at.  When I'm done (probably some time at end of the day since I just got the list yesterday and it's due today!), I will be emailing my approvals to Mark Dilworth in London. 
 Just a reminder to send me a memo asking me to delete Bob Shultz as and EOL signatory and add Sheri Thomas in his place.  Much thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving Germany to the approved list for trading credit derivatives.  Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.  European jurisdictions which are are approved for trading credit derivatives:  Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and the U.K..  The European jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include:  France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Scotland, Spain, and The Netherlands.   For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches).   This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.  Canada is also not an approved jurisdiction for credit derivatives.  Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 
 To confirm our conversation, can you add "Credit Derivatives" as a new products to my database.  We will need the same drop downs as the other produsts (gas trading, financial trading, etc.).  Thanks! 
 I am aware that you need a list from me, I am working on it right now.  I just got the list from EOL yesterday and I'm reviewing it as fast as I can. My goal is to get it done by the end of my workday, so you should have it when you arrive in the morning. 
 There should be no question of duplication of ISDA Master Agreement or any other master swap agreements between Houston and London, because Houston's contracting party is usually Enron North America Corp. and London's contracting party is usually Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.  We cannot do business under each others' financial master agreements for legal and tax reasons.  ENA and Enron Canada Corp. can do business under each other's masters because the tax reasons that used to require us to separate out the business went away.  Further, Houston and Canada subsequently entered into a Services Agreement which sets forth the conditions upon which they can act on each other's behalf (necessary for tax and legal reasons). 
 Below is the list of the final work we need you to bid on for the downstairs apartment:  1.  Paint inside of bathroom cabinets 2.  Paint outside and inside of kitchen cabinets 3.  Fix bottom of drawer of kitchen cabinet located right of dishwasher 4.  Replace closet rod in front bedroom to match other closet's rod 5.  Hammer down shelf ends that are loose in closet in back bedroom 6.  Clean ends of door hardware that have drips on them. 7.  Rehang blinds (we'll have to buy new hardware for existing blinds and then I will have to buy new blinds if any were bent by the kids)  Did I catch everything? 
 Below is the list of the final work we need you to bid on for the downstairs apartment:  1.  Paint inside of bathroom cabinets 2.  Paint outside and inside of kitchen cabinets 3.  Fix bottom of drawer of kitchen cabinet located right of dishwasher 4.  Replace closet rod in front bedroom to match other closet's rod 5.  Hammer down shelf ends that are loose in closet in back bedroom 6.  Clean ends of door hardware that have drips on them. 7.  Rehang blinds (we'll have to buy new hardware for existing blinds and then I will have to buy new blinds if any were bent by the kids)  Did I catch everything? 
 We have some files in an empty cubicle that kinda look like global contract files.  They have global contract sheets and numbers attached to the front of the documents in the files.  If they belong to anyone in your group they need to be claimed now, because we are doing a cubicle restructuring this weekend and those files will be moved and if unclaimed eventually gotten rid of.  Can you have someone come 
 Mark says I need to talk to you about the Credit Derivatives confirmation process... 
 Please add TXU Energy Trading Company to list.  We had an old style "ERMS" master in place, so they weren't allowed to do power, but now we have an ISDA in place (even tho' Brant Reves threw out the new guaranty, but that is another story!), so I am going to open them up for weather. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  I am responsible for those counterparties originating from Houston Credit.  Edmund Cooper is responsible for the UK Credit based counterparties.  I am still resolving issues on about 8-10 counterparties.  If something doesn't make sense, let me know. 
 Can you let me know what the scoop is on those countries and I will update my memo.  Thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list:  Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, and Slovenia.  Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.  Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives:  Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K, and the U.S..  Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands.   For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches). This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.  Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 
 You are the best! 
 Why does it always have to be my deals...?!!! 
 We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX  Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan.  The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract.  It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend.  Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation... 
 We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm.  BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties.  I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ECC.  Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me.  Much thanks. 
 We have received the executed  Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000.  This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Updating another blue file because Susan B., this time, has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes! 
 It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably didn't see them at first.  I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up.  When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel. 
 I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London.  I communicated that to Bob Bowen.  He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business.  Wow! 
 Carol, will you handle this or Mark? 
 We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999.  This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master.  Copies will be distributed.  Confirmation Desk:  you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now. 
 Here's the list with the missing counterparties. 
 Yeah! 
 Probably... 
 I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power.  I'll need to talk to you about his Monday. 
 Hey guys, take Monday off! 
 ISDA has published the referenced supplement.  Among other changes, the supplement adds hundreds of new gas, liquids and power price sources.  Copies will be distributed to you. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Some comments:  We got a master financial agreement in place with Calpine Power Services  Company so it has been opened up to trade all financial.  Also, we replaced the old style "ERMS Master" with an ISDA, so I am opening TXU Energy Trading Company for all financial products as well.  For Trammo Gas, we got a letter from them a while back, reflecting under what  names they can do financial trading under (I sent you all an email about this about a month to two months ago).  That letter had the counterparty styled "Transammonia, Inc. acting through its  Trammo Gas Division".  I believe I already siad they could trade financial under that name.   Let's just be consistent about how we deal with these divisions... 
 David,  I know we've met before on your visits to Houston, I am a paralegal in the ENA Legal Department, in the Swap Group under Mark Taylor.  I am the lead contact in ENA Legal for counterparty approvals and day to day trading issues for EnronOnline.  I coordinate responses for the whole Legal Trading Group (financial, physical, power and emerging markets) with the EnronOnline and Credit teams.  I understand from my EnronOnline team that I am going to need to approve financial trading for all my Houston based counterparties a week from Friday.  Right now that list stands at about 600 counterparties (already trading).   I was hoping you could direct me as to what restrictions, if any, we might have for financial trading in Australia.  Are there any restricted counterparties, such as governmentals, utilities, banks, dealers, etc., or any restrictions on the products traded (initially I know we are only trading financial power, although I'm sure the list will expand over time).   Have your GTC's been drafted with cross-border trading in mind?  Similarly, I assume there will be Australian counterparties signing up to trade, and the commercial team will want them approved to trade the whole range of EnronOnline products.   Are there any provisions we must add to the form of North American product GTCs if our counterparties trade a North American product from Australia?  Do we have any tax issues or language we need to cover?  Our standard form of GTC includes New York law and arbitration.  Will that be enforceable in Australia?  Are there any issues we need to address if we require collateral (a guaranty or letter of credit) with respect to a trade?  Thanks for your help! 
 I am still the person who does the NYMEX filings.  They are due the end of July, so we should probably target them to be done a little earlier, since we always seem to need more time. 
 Sheri,  I need the trade date so I know what to date the termination. 
 I sent the documents to Paul Davis on March 6. 
 Actually, bluebonnets bloom for a short time, maybe three week early in the Houston Spring, in March, after heavy Spring rains have gone on for a bit, and when the temperature is in the 60's to 70's.  They would get fried and fade in the heat of a Houston summer.  However, I don't know the temperatures and rain condition of your summers, and what time of your year would replicate those conditions. 
 Per my conversation a minute ago with the Koch lawyer in Kansas, Tye Darland, "Koch Hydrocarbons, Inc." is a bad name.  The correct legal name for this counterparty should be the same as it is set up in our Master Swap Agreement database:  "Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division".  I have called the Koch trader, James "Doug" Peters (713/544-5938, ext. 5602) , and asked him to resubmit the Password Application with the name corrected.  Please show this correction in your records as well. 
 Please take me off your distribution.  I already bought my new car.  Thank youl. 
 I understand from Mark that in order to open up the utilities to trade financial, we will need to amend the GTC's to add some additional reps and provisions.  Do you have a timetable for when we will be able to do that? 
 Did you forget something in your email? 
 Several things are not very clear to me and I need to run them by you.  1.  From your email it appears to me that there would be no legal reason prohibiting your Australian based counterparties from trading all of the products we offer, however, except for financial Australian power, the contracting Enron entity will have to be the party referenced on the particular product.  It appears that the only product Credit has currently opened the Australian based counterparties to trade anyway is Australian financial power.  2.  Will you be approving the Australian based counterparties for trading? Dave Forster appears to want me to approve Australian based counterparties too, which doesn't make sense to me and Mark Taylor.  What are your thoughts on this? I guess EnronOnline just does not want a third Legal contract they are going to have to deal with on an ongoing basis.  FYI,  I currently do not approve the London based counterparties.  3.  The Australian company number.  Does that have to go on every confirmation done with an Australian counterparty?  If it does we will need to make sure that it gets put on every confirmation.  It is my understanding that the confirmations for online trading will be generated from Houston so we will have to provide every company number to the Houston Confirmation Desk.  FYI, tomorrow at the end of the day is my drop dead time to get all the counterparies approved, because the information will have to be loaded in by London when they arrive for work Friday morning. 
 As you may or may not be aware of, tomorrow is the drop dead date for approval of the referenced new product for our existing approved counterparty list.  Thinking through this product today and reading through my various emails from David Minns, I have come to the conclusion that there are no particular issues specifically relating to Australian financial power, and my thinking is to just mirror the approval for some other previously approved financial power product.  I can't, obviously, speak for you, but it seems to me that that should work for your counterparty lists too.  What do you think?  The list I am working off of is the list generated for Credit Derivative approvals (which is the most somewhat current list of counterparties who have been issued passwords). 
 Mark Taylor, who is in Amsterdam this week, just left me a voicemail reflecting a conversation he just had with Dave Forster, and asked me to relay the following information to you (don't kill me, I'm just the messenger)...  With respect to your form of online GTC:  It need to be revised, per Dave Forster by Monday, to be expanded to include the provisions necessary that will enable a non-Australian based counterparty (a counterparty could be U.S., Canadian, European or other country based), who may or may not have an ISDA Master Agreement in place, and may or may not have credit in place, to do a financial power transaction with Enron Australia.  In that regard I am attaching as a template, our form of online "Deemed ISDA" GTC (for a weather transaction, the only type of financial transaction where we adopt the ISDA documentation instead of using our own form of confirmation).  As you can see when you look at our "Deemed ISDA" form of confirmation, there are a number of provisions that our Deemed ISDA form of confirmation includes, such as authority and tax representations, "arm's length transaction" reps, acting as a principal rep, the deletion of section 2(c)(ii) of the ISDA Schedule (netting "in respect of the same transaction"), no language that each party has a copy of the ISDA form and has read it and understands it, your deletion of language re: written confirmations, definition of "Transaction" meaning the GTC+ISDA form+website terms, "Website" (uppercased) is a defined term under the Password Application, we usually say "Loss" instead of "Market Quotation", also,  Market Quotation and Second Method will apply for the purposes of Section 6(e), a question, do we need the word "integrated" with respect to the rerenced that the documents contain a "single agreement" to fall under the U.S. bankruptcy swap protection?, no ducment conflict provisions, missing our "severability" and "setoff" language, no adoption of the 1991 or 1993 Commodity definitions, business day defined as Sydney only, etc.  Of course, you do not have these in your form of GTC, because they are or will be covered in your executed ISDA Master Agreement, but it is likely counterparties outside of Australia may not have a master swap agreement in place.  I spoke to Steve Douglas in Tax, who is out of town today and was going to talk to Susan Musch about the tax issues and I hope to hear from him tomorrow.  After all the above, I just have to say...we really do appreciate your help resolving all these issues... 
 Debbie,  Thanks for the heads up on this.  I've been trying to get David Minns for several days about various issues.  Keep me posted. 
 I'm working on the Merrill/Belco assignment of trades with, I guess, Sara. Mark Taylor signed off yesterday on the assignment that appears to again have been executed by Fred without Legal's initials.  It appears the date Fred signed it is about the time Mark Taylor talked to him about not signing contractual documents without Legal's initials.  There appears to be two differences in the redone confirms Merrill sent us: (1)  they added a Fallback Reference Price, and (2) they have changed the settlement and/or payment dates in the confirms.  Bernice said Sara signed off on a similar Fallback Reference Price in some confirms she had previously done with Merrill, so I briefly discussed this with Sara before she had to leave for lunch.  We'll look at it some more after lunch.  On the change in the settlement/payment dates, I told Bernice they were changing the deal and she needed the business guy on the transactions to sign off on that change.  She was going to take the confirms to Fred and get him to sign off that that is what he's agreed to.  Now, if Sara doesn't know anything about the additional Fallback Reference Price, we'll obviously have to take that back to the dealmaker to sign off on too.  Are you also working on this?  So that's what's going on... 
 Per an earlier conveersation with Dave, ee weren't quite sure if you have seen a listing yet of all of the products we offer online, so I am sending you one of our excel spreadsheets which has at the top of it all of the products we offer, as well as the Enron entity that a counterparty would enter into the trade with. 
 Attached is the list reflecting the approval of the initial Australian counterparties to trade Australian financial power only.  David Minns will have to get back to us about all the other products!  For the current U.S. list of counterparties, just mirror the approvals for "US Power Financial Swaps".  I will review the list Debbie is sending me tomorrow to see if any of her approvals conflicts with my earlier approvals, but I think we should be fine. 
 Thanks for returning my message.  I had an Australian issue come up and anyone who was familiar with Australian law was unreachable and I was in an absolute panic.  But as things usually do, this problem worked itself out too!  As usual, I am always humbly in your debt... 
 I have developed a database in which I keep track of the counterparties Legal has approved, any supporting rationale for approval of each counterparty (I 'm giving away my secret that I just don't approve them on on pure whim!) and the products such counterparties are approved to trade.  Additionally, at the bottom of each entry there is a listing of any amendment to the Password Application, ETA , GTC, or any other online documentation.  The information for the financial products is pretty accurate (I may have missed an entry here or there in trying to enter 6 months of memos and excel spreadsheets.  If I have missed a counterparty let me know).  The information for Power has been updated only since this database was in production, about 6-7 weeks ago.  I am going to have to go back and input the power data from the original approval lists.  As for gas trading and emerging products, we have never yet had a counterparty that we have had an issue with, so no information has been entered for those products. You should count them as being approved for everything.  Eventually, if we continue not to use those dropdowns, I will delete them.  I don't know if you will find this information helpful or not, take a look and I will be glad to hear any input.  Obviously, we are all working out the kinks and finding out what is useful and what is not useful as we go along, so this database may evolve over time.  The only people who should have change access are the Legal team (Mike Neves:  Mark Taylor, Carol St Clair, Leslie Hansen, Marie Heard and myself). Let me know if you have change access by mistake.  On a closing note, please try to keep the information in the database confidential to the group we have granted view access to. Do not forward this email on to anyone as it will grant access without my approval.  Much thanks! 
 I would like to take responsibility for the technical side of this, but in all honesty I must admit I'm just the idea guy...(I'm know I'm breaking all your illusions about me today, I'll have no more secrets!) 
 1.  Per my discussion last week with David Minns, I sent him a spreadsheet so he could scroll across the product list and see the full range of products EnronOnline offers so he could determine whether an Australian based counterparty will have any legal problems entering into any of the EnronOnline products.  It was my understanding that he had not seen a comprehensive list off all the products we offer.  2.  However, on a going forward basis, David Minns or someone in Legal will need to see the daily spreadsheets reflecting any new Australian based counterparties because every new counterparty requesting a password needs a Credit and a Legal signoff for trading every products we offer, whether physical, financial, power, gas, liquids, weather, p&p, US, European or other country based product, etc..  Houston Legal does it every day for every new Houston Credit based counterparty, London Legal does it every day for every new London Credit based counterparty and Australian Legal will need to do the same.  If some other system will be in place in Australia, David Minns will need to discuss that with Mark Taylor and David Forster. 
 Please find attached referenced lists.  It is not clear to me yet how we are going to deal with Australian approvals, so I think at this point you need to look to Australia for approval of their counterparties.  Also, there were no counterparties to approve on 3/16/00 so that list is not attached.  I haven't said it in a while...but no European power for US counterparties... 
 Now might be your time to plant!  I'm already miserable with the Houston summer heat.  It's already in the high 90's with high 90 humidity.  After 4-5 more months of this it's going to get pretty old!  How's little Sophie.  Any new cute things she's doing you need to tell me about? 
 Mark,  I discussed this issue Friday with Paul, however, since it is an issue I am not entirely knowledgeable about, I think Paul should run this by you... 
 Lou,  I left Mark Tawney a voicemail to call me re: the ISDA sample form.  I'll need to know a little bit more about the company so I send them the right form. 
 The NYMEX has approved all of your applications and you should all have access to the system and be able to trade (everyone except Dana Davis, who still needs to complete his training).  Please let me know if you cannot log in.  I spoke to the NYMEX a minute ago and there is no reason from their perspective why you should not be able to log in. 
 I have tried to call him directly but he was not available. 
 Yes, I left him a voicemail telling him I needed to know a little more about the counterparty so I could make sure i send them the right form (are they US or non-US counterparty, insurance company, energy company, etc).  Also, the name and address of his contact and I will send it directly if he would prefer that. 
 We have received an executed amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated March 20, 2000.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I will be out Friday afternoon and Monday afternoon for my termite and house inspections for my new house. 
 Per my voicemail, the attached confirm is still a moving target with the tax lawyers, I'll be in touch once we resolve the tax language. 
 I have been given the name of your company by a consultant we have hired to advise us on sofware systems to manage our physical and financial confirmation process and ISDA Master Agreements.  I have also seen information on your company in the January 1999 issue of Risk Magazine.  I am a Senior Legal Specialist in the Legal Dept. and am looking at software systems that can help us manage our documentation needs.  If you are unfamiliar with our company,  Enron is the largest integrated marketer of energy in the United States.  We have a Web Page located at www.enron.com.  Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. is the marketing affiliate of our parent, Enron Corp.  I would like to obtain marketing material about the services you provide, and after I have a chance to look at the information, would like to talk to you or a representative from you company in some depth.  I am located in Houston, Texas and my phone number is (713) 853-3399.  Thank your for your attention herewith. 
 We discussed your training in our group meeting yesterday, and Mark gave me the go ahead to do a training, preferably a lunch training, sometime in April.  If you could get together with the members of our team and send me an email of any items in particular you would like addressed, we will try to address them in our training.  Also, if you could get some dates for me we'll check them against our schedule.  Would your group organize this lunch or ours?  How many people are we talking about.  Only Global Contract or Global Counterparty too?  Let me know the details so we can start planning... 
 Per my discussions with Leslie Hansen and Dave Forster, please restrict Australian based counterparties from trading US physical power on a going forward basis.  To the best of our knowledge, no Australian based counterparty has been granted a FERC license to trade physical US power. This situation, of course, can change if a counterparty were to provide us evidence of their FERC licensing. 
 On the list for 3/20/00, the only counterparty I am responding for is Carthage Energy.  Eventually I will be making the Australian responses, but we are not there yet.  On the 3/21/00 list, National Energy was amended, and I had no changes to my previous approvals.  Western Resources is an amended counterparty and I am opening them up for all financial and power. 
 I spoke to Harry Collins, one of our emissions lawyers, and he said there should be no problem trading emissions with a governmental entity on the emissions auction website, as long as they can trade emissions generally.  If you have any specific questions, call Harry Collins at x39692. 
 We have received the following executed Master Agreement:  NOTE:   This master appears to have been signed in 1996 and didn't make its way down to Houston until now.  Type of Contract: Master Agreement (ECT Canada Form)  Effective Date:  06/16/95  Executed Date:  06/24/96  Enron Entity:  Enron Capital and Trade Resources Canada Corp., now known as Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:  Originally, NOVAGAS CLEARINGHOUSE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, now through name changes and merger, DYNEGY CANADA INC.  Transactions Covered: Energy price swaps or option transactions only (no pulp & paper, weather, interest rate & currency or FX)  GLOBAL CONTRACTS:  We need to get this master inputted immediately into the EnronOnline System so all of the confirmations for ENA and ECC will immediately roll up under this master.  CONFIRM DESK:  Please immediately start rolling up all the ENA and ECC trades under this master, whether online, offline, or brokered trades. 
 Novagas has a long and tortured history...when you've got a few hours and want to be incredibly bored I'll share it with you.  Let's just say that Canada has been the only one aware of this signed master.  You can quote my somewhat eloquent words "if it ain't in Legal it ain't!" 
 You have been getting the excel spreadsheets on new counterparties now for several days, and at an agreed time I would like to include your approvals in with the rest of Legal's.  Right now I am still telling the EnronOnline people that they have to look to Australia for approvals.  Once we are in agreement about the parameters of my responses, and who your backup is, we can agree on a date when I will start responding for Australia too.  The theory will be that once I send you the email you will have 24 hours to respond or I will consider all the online products approved for Ausralian counterparties.  Because of the time change issue, I think we need to make the time my approval will go out 4:00 p.m. the next day (which will be your morning) from the transmittal of the list. 
 In connection with an internal audit regarding the safekeeping of margin funds and securities, Enron Corp. has asked us to provide them with a list of all the exchanges we trade on, what rules govern those exchanges and the products we trade on them (in particular the clearing arrangements), and any rules that govern brokers we may maintain funds or cash with.  This should include all the products we may trade/hedge over an exchange including energy commodities, interest rates, currencies, equities, etc.  Can you please provide this information no later than Friday of next week. Much thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Kathy Bolan at PG&E Energy Trading, Canada Corporation (and my confirmation thereof with Messrs. Suttle and Bowen), all cross-border trades between PG&E Canada and ENA should go under the master between PG&E Canada and ECC. 
 Thank you for your help.  I look forward to hearing from your U.S. person. 
 We have received the fully executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999 between ECC and the referenced counterparty. This First Amendment adds the British Columbia Securities representation to the ISDA Master Agreement.  Confirm Desk:  You no longer have to add this representation to every confirmation. 
 I have not started responding for Australia yet. 
 Can you add Paul Radous in Credit with full edit capability to this database.  Much thanks! 
 Entergy Power Marketing Corp. has applied for a Password and has asked us to give them a "comfort letter" stating that the current trading with them will go under the respective master for the product and not the online GTC.  I have spoken to Credit and we are trading financial gas, physical gas, and physical power (through EPMI).  Can you please let me know first, if you have a master agreement agreement in place with this counterparty would it govern the product or would we need to use an override letter and if the master agreement will govern the trades, please provide me the exact name, parties and date of the contract.  Obviously, as usual with online matters, this is a RUSH. 
 As usual, you are the best! 
 Can you add the referenced counterparty to the next list.  We just got a master in signed with them and they cannot trade weather, pulp & paper & fx. Much thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Kathy Moore this morning, please open the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products. 
 Ughh... 
 Mark said you would know who it is in London that prepared a "script" for your traders on what to say on the phone when transacting a deal.  Liz Sager is working on some training mid-next week for the power desk traders and needs to prepare a similar script for them.  If you could let me know who to contact I'd appreciate it.  Thanks for your help! 
 Thanks for your help in getting this done.  You're a star! 
 Mr. Holtz,  At the request of Fred Lagrasta, I am enclosing a sample copy of the referenced Master Agreement.  This agreement is subject to Legal and Credit review of the counterparty.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399 or Fred at (713) 853-6529.  We look forward to hearing from you.     Tana Jones Sr. Legal Specialist 
 Can you add the referenced counterparty to the next list.  We got a signed master agreement in place with them and I need to change the approvals. Thanks. 
 Can you please add the new credit person below for full edit priviliges to the Financial Trading Agreement  database.  Much thanks! 
 Did you notice on the spreadsheet for 3/27 they opened a new power product, US East Power Phys Firm ICAP? 
 Do you have any idea what David is trying to get at! 
 I am flying, are you?  If you are on my flight I would be happy to have you drive to the airport with me.  If you need to know my reservations, I can email them to you. 
 Is everything OK? 
 You be the man!  Can you email or fax the trader guidelines Scott is talking about.  Much thanks! 
 I'm glad to hear that everything is good.  I'm so excited for you, you'll be a wonderful mother!   XXOO 
 Attached is the proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement with Platt's. 
 Some notes on the attached lists:  3/24/00 List - the first two counterparties have no Legal changes per my earlier approvals.  3/27/00 List-we just got the financial master in signed and they cannot do pulp & paper and weather under it. Ambac Assurance Corp. and Salomon Smith Barney AAA Energy Fund - I have a temporary "no" for them for financial products until I get more information on them to determine what they are and what they can do.  Per Credit, AMBAC only wants to trade credit derivatives, and Salomon Smith Barney is currently not an eligible swap participant and cannot trade any financial.  If we get a parent guaranty in that can change their eligible swap participant status. In the meantime I am trying to get more information on the fund to determine what if anything they can do.  3/28/00 List-I previously had them shut down for all financial but am opening them up.   I sent an email about that earlier this week. 
 On this Statoil Trade, I guess this is a physical trade done with ENA.  Can you do one of those handy dandy little sheets you do for me so I can attach them to my assignment.  I am forever in your debt... 
 Marie and I were just looking at the activities list for the Legal Conference and noticed you were signed up to "relax at the resort".  Not to get you worked up or anything, but there is a huge outlet mall just outside San Antonio, and there would be no shortage of cheap britches to be found!  After all, it has been a few years since you cornered the market when you were here, and you probably need to keep up with the latest fashions.  (Not to belabor a dead horse, but again style watchers are telling us that the fashion for Spring and Summer for men will be knee length "pedal pushers".)  We look forward to seeing our favorite Englishman (delete this message after viewing, we don't want the other lads to get jealous!) 
 Attached is a proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced party. 
 Obviously Frank, you are trying to kill me...! 
 What ever happened to that CGAS certificate we were trying to get in connection with my swap agreement?  Last note I had was that resolution we were trying to get requires approval of Board for each trade and you were going to talk to Mark about how to resolve this.  Was it resolved? 
 David has sent us a memo re: Procedures for Approval to trade in Australia that I think you will find helpful. 
 I continue to say "no" for financial because they are not an eligible swap participant.  For a counterparty to become an eligible swap participant if they are not one in their own right, they would have to post an up front letter of credit fully covering their trading PRIOR to doing any trades.  So this ball is in Credit's court. 
 Per your request... 
 Sounds good to me!  Saturday, 8:00 am at Buffalo Grille it is! 
 Attached is the referenced Confidentiality Agreement.  I hope to have the Fieldston one to you shortly. 
 Attached please find the referenced agreement. 
 Per the request of Sara, attached is the form of US online GTC (w/collateral). 
 We have received notice that the referenced counterparty is updating its phone system and is changing all of its phone numbers.  I am sending a copy of the notice to the usual distribution. 
 The list of new phone numbers will be sent to my usual distribution for documentation, which includes Connie Sutton from Global Contracts.  As to what numbers they are replacing, they are replacing all the phone numbers we might have had across the board with this counterparty.  If you would like to see the numbers, obtain a copy of the notice from Connie Sutton.  As I just mailed it, it should get there in a few days. 
 Per my voicemail, attached is my list of agreements. 
 Your big opportunity appears to be here!  Some guy in the for sale database under misc messages is looking to put together a team for the year 2000. This is your big break... 
 Per my conversations with Tom and Frank, unless Credit specifically tells us that a counterparty is a credit derivatives counterparty, the online team should consider that all U.S. based counterparties are not approved to trade credit derivatives.  Credit will, in the same box where they put "declined" , "amended" or "division", put a note that says "credit derivatives" and in those circumstances only you should consider that I will be indicating whether or not the counterparty is approved to trade credit derivatives. Otherwise, I will not be putting an "X" in the box for each and every counterparty to say they can't trade credit derivatives.  I hope this makes sense to you, call me if it doesn't. 
 There is no change from my previous approvals for the only counterparty on the 3/30/00 list, so I am not sending that list.  On the list for 3/31/00, first, David Minns is in the Houston office today, so I gave the response today for the one Australian counterparty on this list.  We are meeting with Mark on Wednesday to try and figure out the approval process for Australia, so maybe after Wednesday I'll start responding for them.  Second, on this list please note that there are no counterparties that have been indicated as credit derivative counterparties, so none of the counterparties on this list should be approved to trade credit derivatives (even though I haven't "X'ed" them out). 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 3, 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Attached are the Confidentiality Agreements for the referenced counterparties. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Remember, no credit derivatives are approved for any counterparites unless Credit has indicated they are a credit derivative counterparty on the list. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated April 4, 2000 with the referenced counterparty amending the Electronic Trading Agreement .  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the executed copy of the amendment dated April 5, 2000 to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received fully executed copies of the following Confidentiality Agreements:  Energy Argus, Inc. dated April 5, 2000  AccuWeather, Inc. dated April 4, 2000  Copies have been faxed to the counterparties.  I will also send copies to Dave Samuels for your files. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, my note about credit derivatives not being marked, and also, I am still not responding for Australia yet on a going forward basis. 
 Are we trading with the referenced counterparty? 
 Russell,  In the future please put me on all notices about counterparty trading.  I am responsible for the Legal Department's approval of online counterparties across all product areas and need to know any limitations that might affect a counterparties' ability to trade.  Thanks! 
 Troy Black called me about that C.A. I passed on to you.  He said he needed it to go out today and also passed on words from the counterparty to the effect that the C.A. was "non-negotiable and that if we had any comments they need to be minor, or forget about it..."  There you have it! 
 We have executed a Letter Agreement dated April 10, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 She seemed very nice, like she would make a good employee.  I spoke to Liz Sager who, although she didn't directly work with her, got report from her old law firm of people that did, and Liz said to was extremely well liked, and very energetic. 
 I have a letter on its way to Mike Moscoso right now (interoffice mail).  We requested 5000 for nat gas any one month, but were only approved for an additional 2000.  So we went from 15,000 to 17,000.  Welcome back! 
 Attached is an updated list of the Confidentiality Agreements. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  I am not sending the list for 4/5/00 because all of the counterparties on that list were Credit declines. I have responded for Australia Legal on the 4/7/00 list.  Remember, no credit derivatives approved unless specifically indicated (which none are). 
 We do have it signed.  However, the Company's name was not correct in the agreement so I spoke to Wayne Greenberg and it said it was okay to go ahead and change the name on the C.A. he signed, and I just wanted to get a copy back from him initialled by the name change so we have a record of his agreement. 
 Bob, can you send me a copy of the EnronOnline confirm so I can prepare this.  Thanks! 
 Per Lotus Notes it appears that the above counterparty was acquired by Duke. I have sitting in my files the originals of both theirs and our guarantees. Do we want to keep these in place, mutually cancel them or what?  We sent execution documents to the counterparty and never heard back and put it on the inactive status. 
 I have not received any feedback from Edmund or David regarding the email below.  Can you please respond as I am getting daily prompts for a response. MUCH THANKS!  For Matt, your email stated that you trade over the IPE & NYMEX.  What rules, besides the rules of those two exchanges, might apply to any on or off exchange trades you might enter into.  For instance, here in the U.S. energy commodity trades might be governed by the CFTC, where out equity options might be governed by the SEC.  Besides the exchanges your email reflected, what other governmental rules or regulations would govern trades you might enter into? 
 I have not been getting a response from my outside the U.S. attorneys, so I just emailed them a reminder again, and tried to make them feel really guilty.  I hope that works! 
 Actually, we girls have that built in guilt gene, it just improves with age...but do I need to speak to your mother?  Is there anything you would like to confess...? 
 What can I say...?! 
 fax: ( 713) 646-3490 
 David,  What Australian laws besides the rules of the exchange would govern the trades? 
 Can you please prepare a print out for us of all the financial masters your records reflect and what type of agreement we have executed .  Thanks! 
 FYI,  To date, we have executed 21 amendments to ETA's. 
 We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement from the referenced counterparty and I have faxed it to counterparty today.  A copy will be sent to Dave. 
 Thanks for your response!  On online, when there are Australian counterparties I will just wait to hear from you and include your responses with mine (even tho you will  probably tell me they can only trade Australian power!).  Do you have a back up yet? 
 Oops, what a surprise!  When I went to file away my file on the CFTC Form 40, I noticed I already had a file in the regulatory cabinet where where had filed the form in 1995 and 1997.  Maybe we have to file these every other year? 
 We have received the executed Termination Agreement dated as of April 10, 2000 terminating the referenced trade.  Per the request of Jennifer de Boisblanc Denny, this termination was prepared because the customer hit the same product twice on EOL and two exact transactions were entered into the system.  I will send the original (fax) down to Bob Bowen for handling. 
 Attached is the referenced agreement.  Please do not hesitate to call me if I can be of any further assistance.  I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept.  My direct phone no is (713) 853-3399. 
 Mike,  Could you add two new categories of products to the database for me.  That would include the "Yes, Yes with Limits, and No" buttons and also a comment screen for the new products.  The two new products are:  Credit Derivatives and Bandwidth  Thanks!  By the way, I can't figure out how to move the Portland masters off the master swap list.  I think I am going to need your help with that. 
 will someone be sending us the report? 
 I look forward to seeing you!  As soon as I get the recipes, I'll forward them on! 
 Who is Legal requested the master? 
 Carol St. Clair had her assistant reserve EB46C1 on May 24 from 11:30 -2:00 for our luncheon.  Can you please confirm that that date is good for your group and also the total head count.  Suzanne will take care of ordering lunch for us.  Thanks! 
 Effective March 1, 2000, Aquila Energy acquired the assets of USGT (U.S. Gas Transportation Inc.) , with the acquiring entity being USGT/Aquila L.P.  USGT has assigned the Electronic Trading Agreement it executed with ENA to USGT/Aquila L.P.  A copy of the assignment will be forwarded to Frank Davis. 
 That envelope should probably go to Rob Milnthorp.  I'll have a copy walked down to John Lavorato here.  It is a list of all of our NYMEX positions, and the list should be provided by Rob to any traders trading NYMEX out of Canada. 
 What's your pleasure on the below guarantees? 
 I have nothing but the counterparty's request for assignment. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 12, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  For Tosco Refining Company, it should be set up as Tosco Refining Company, a division of Tosco Corporation. We need to get the incorporated entity on the hook. 
 There is an Australian counterparty on today's list. 
 No conflict with me.  I sent the date of the 24th to Anthony and asked him to confirm it with his people and get back to me. 
 Per our conversation, attached is the form of Amendment to the ETA, revised to reflect your correct name.  Also, while I was revising the document, I added today's date, and the page number and footer reflecting the document name.  Call me again at (713) 853-399 if you have any more questions, otherwise, I will await your fax of the signed amendment and bring it to one of our officers for signature. 
 Can you please add David Minns, a lawyer from our Australia office as an auhorized person with full privileges to the Master Swap Agreement Database (of course, only I should have keyword change and deletion ability). 
 tana jones will attend 
 Is your counterparty on today's list approved? 
 Edmund,  You are the only person I have now not heard from.  When can I expect to get your response? 
