or Enron's participation.  Please keep in mind, this year's Management Conference, for VPs and above, is scheduled for November 15 - 17.  Thanks for your help. 
 Any interest? 
 STEVE KEAN -  will be calling in.  If possible, can I get the call in number and passcode by close of business Friday - Steve will leave for business on Sunday.     Thanks.  Maureen      Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.  Yes, I will attend in person _______  By video conference from _______  By conference call  ____X___  No, I will not attend  _______  *  *  *  Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, September 22.  Thank you, Sherri 
 I am recommending Linda Robertson (currently Assistant Secretary for the Department of the Treasury) for the position Vice President and General Manager of Federal Government Affairs.  Linda would head our Washington, D.C. office, replacing Joe Hillings who will be retiring early next year.  Linda has interviewed with Ken Lay, Tom White, Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman, who join me in this recommendation.  Attached are biographical information on Linda and a National Journal article identifying Linda among the "Washington 100".  We have conducted extensive reference checks on Linda.  Included among those was Secretary Summers who said:  "Nobody I know has the determination she has to get objectives met." "Far more capacity to grasp the details than anyone I've seen."  On Monday, I will seek Executive Committee approval to extend the offer to Linda. 
 Decline.    Rosalee Fleming 09/21/2000 05:29 PM 
 I think it looks fine; will defer to Jeff's edits.    Jeannie Mandelker@ECT 09/21/2000 05:05 PM 
 Thanks.   Please keep me on the list for the more detailed management report as well.    Leonardo Pacheco 09/21/2000 05:36 PM 
 Bill:  Steve Kean would like the attached memo and attached org chart to go out=20 company wide.   Subject: Public Affairs Organizational Announcement  Text:=20  =20 I am pleased to announce the following changes in the government and=20 regulatory affairs organization:  Rick Shapiro =01) Managing Director of Government Affairs for the Americas.= =20 Rick is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs teams for t= he=20 US and Canada.  He will now assume responsibility for North and South=20 America.  Ricardo Charvel (Senior Director of Government Affairs for=20 Mexico),  Jose Bestard (Vice President of Government Affairs for South=20 America), and Joe Hillings (Vice President of Federal Government Affairs)= =20 will now report to Rick.  Rick and his team will support Enron=01,s North= =20 American business units as well as the Caribbean and Southern Cone regions.  Mark Schroeder =01) Vice President Government Affairs for Europe, Asia and= =20 Africa.  Mark is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs=20 teams for Enron Europe.  He will now assume the additional responsibility o= f=20 supporting the APACHI and India organizations.  Jane Wilson will now focus= =20 her attention on Enron India and will report to Mark as will our government= =20 and regulatory affairs teams serving the APACHI region.  Mike Terraso =01) Vice President  Environment, Health & Safety and Chief=20 Environmental Officer.  Mike is currently serving as Vice President of=20 Environment, Health and Safety for the gas pipeline group.  Mike has=20 increasingly become involved in environmental issues facing Enron=01,s=20 businesses around the world. Mike will retain his current responsibilities= =20 and will assume leadership of the environmental affairs team.  John Hardy =01) Vice President Global Project Finance.  John will report=20 directly to me and will continue his current responsibilities representing= =20 Enron before US and multilateral project finance agencies.  Please join in me in congratulating these individuals on their=20 responsibilities.  Attached is a revised organization chart reflecting these changes. 
 attached is Sen. Hagel's energy speech.  He focusses on oil primarily but also does a nice job of framing the importance of sound energy policy to our continued economic growth. 
 At the end of the article there is a presidential straw poll.  It shows Bush with only a 6 point lead among oil and gas industry executives and analysts. 
 Joe - could you or someone in the office get in touch with Michelle?  Thanks 
 I understand from Shelley that you are going to be seeing Commissioner Breathitt on Monday.  We have been working to persuade her to vote for forceful FERC action on electricity issues.  She is widely viewed as the swing vote (with Massey and Hoecker being the other two votes) needed for the Commission to take action.  Attached are two documents -- one is a set of talking points for you and the second is a FERC action plan that we are floating with several of the Commissioners. 
 fyi  - there has been some concern that this deal was being put together without Connecticut authorities knowing the full extent of our interest in FCEL. 
 No special requirements, but it's good to keep track of in case we want a point of contact.  Thanks    John Wack@EES 09/22/2000 05:05 PM 
 You should plan to be there.    Michael Terraso 09/22/2000 06:12 PM 
 I think he was looking to make a sector-wide point.  For example, how much of the total market moved to wholesale traded volumes?  He wants to make the point that even a nontraded commodity - ie electricity in 1994 - can rapidly progress to a traded market - as electricity did between 94 and 00.    Margaret Carson 09/21/2000 04:25 PM 
 great news! Keep up the good work.    Stephen D Burns 
 any interest? 
 Is Catherine working on environmental policy related to sustainability or is she working on greenhouse gas transactions . . . or both? 
 Joe - there is no announcement today.  I tried to leave you a voicemail but apparently the system is down there.  Before we can offer an outside person a VP position, the Executive Committee must sign off.  We are going to be going through that process in a few minutes.  Then we begin the offer extension and negotiations.  The person we are recommending is Linda Robertson, one of the two people I mentioned to you before.  Please guard the information carefully.  Last time we talked, when the list had been narrowed to two, DeLay's office called with the exact two names and started pushing us to hire a Republican.  As you know we interviewed candidates of both political affiliations and just settled on the best person.  Ken told DeLay's office that's how we do things and Ken is comfortable (actually enthused) about the choice.  When some external announcement is done, you will be involved and your considerable contributions will be prominently mentioned. 
 STEVE KEAN      Katherine Brown 09/26/2000 11:59 AM 
 Please see the attached document from Steve Kean. 
 Looks good.  I think you implicitly say this, but I think you should make it more explicit:  The continued growth of the new economy is threatened by our electricity infrastructure more than anything else. The high tech industry requires market driven solutions to reliability and pricing not the old style command and control regulated monopoly approach. Let's start getting the word out!    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 09/26/2000 02:06 PM 
 Thanks, I hope we get there soon.    Mary Clark 09/26/2000 01:55 PM 
 Pete van de gohm suggested we might want to get something out on the mideast situation as well -- a sort of travel advisory.  Please follow up with him. I know that for our mideast project people we have been taking care of this in David Haug's old organization.  See if there is anything else we need to be doing.  Dennis Vegas may be able to provide you with a way to get the info you need.    Michael Hicks@ECT 10/12/2000 02:11 PM 
 yes    lyoho@enron.com 09/26/2000 09:03 AM 
 yes    Mark Palmer@ENRON 09/26/2000 08:51 AM 
 Rosie - please print and have signed.  (Note there is a typo in the second line of the last paragraph -- does should be "do").  thanks 
 Thanks, Chris.  Rick - see the witness list below, in case you want to try to get some points through to these witnesses.    Chris Long 09/25/2000 04:14 PM 
 Zausner is kind of a mixed bag.  I think he's strong intellectually and has some influence, but I don't trust him to keep our strategy and contacts confidential. 
 I'll send it back on Tuesday. 
 Isn't our primary problem with AEP's internal merchant function rather than with the marketing affiliate (I realize we have problems with the affiliate too)?  Can we protest continued market based rate authority for AEP until they have surrendered native load priority?    Christi L Nicolay@ECT 09/25/2000 09:16 AM 
 More indications that the power angle may be fruitful 
 The senator's speech is focused on the oil sector almost exclusively, but it does an exceptional job of framing the importance of the issue. 
 Eliz -- I need your group to put together a search which captures the comments of PG&E and Edison officials in trade press, anlyst reports, and speeches which would be inconsistent with the idea that they can now recover their shortfall.  In other words, when they were trying to get AB 1890 passed, when they were fighting Proposition 9, when they floated their "rate reduction bonds" and when they talked to analysts and rating agencies I'm sure they assumed that they would live under the rate freeze and take the risk of stranded cost recovery whithin the statutory deadline. 
 Looks good.  How about a point about the need to connect new generation=20 quickly. 
 I don't know.  Can we get someone in IT to respond?    Mary Clark 09/26/2000 05:42 PM 
 FYI 
 It's fine with me.    Mary Clark 09/27/2000 11:23 AM 
 Please send regrets 
 It looks like Enron Japan was kept in the loop.  Let's keep it up.  Good luck 
 See if there is anythiing of use in here for your high tech group messages. 
 Please post the JP MOrgan doc. on our site 
 See if she wants to meet with me when I get back. 
 Please post and circulate to the team. 
 Please pst and circulate to the team.  We probably need to open a new section on the site to adress gas prices. 
 Submit a Pac request and keep Tom posted on when and where.    Cynthia Sandherr 09/07/2000 05:05 PM 
 I think I confirmed for this already, but could you check and put on my calendar and put this in the meeting file. 
 I think it's a good document and carves out some solid policy ground for Bush.  I think the electricity section needs some additions though.  There is not a lot that the current administration can do about siting new plants and power lines -- its largely a state and local decision.  Further, the problem has been less about government failing to provide adequate incentives to utilities than it has been about a failure of the current commission to opening the grid on a nondiscriminatory basis.  Once utilities are in the open access transmission business they will look for ways to invest in the grid and stop getting in the way of independent power producers who want to connect to the grid.  The answer is open access, so power can get from where it is to where it is needed.  This has been clear for a long time, yet the current administration (and its appointees on FERC) have yet to use their authority to make this happen.  The result: spiking prices and reliability problems.    "Hunt, Hunter L" <HLHunt@georgewbush.com> 09/27/2000 11:25 AM 
 calendar and meeting file 
 On the advice of my much esteemed spouse, I would like  to express great interest in this group.  Thanks 
 Looks good    Mark Palmer 09/27/2000 02:09 PM 
 calendar 
 I would like to do this, but I have a speaking engagement the next day -- do the time zones work out so that I can do both or do I need to find a sub for the nov 1 speech? 
 Jeff Skilling proposed a solution to Gov Davis to solve the supply and pricing problems in the California market.  In summary, the proposal would have a neutral party conduct an auction wherein the utilities would seek bids for 5-10 year packages of power from suppliers.  The gov asked if anyone had successfully conducted such an auction in the industry already.  I need your help to identify and describe any such examples (European or North American) by mid day Monday. Jeff and I will have a follow up call with the governor on Monday.  Thanks 
 For the call with Davis this am..... 
 let's bring him in    Christi L Nicolay@ECT 10/02/2000 12:29 PM 
 Per our discussion 
 STEVE KEAN      Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date:  Monday, October 9 Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor Boardroom Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.  Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.  Yes, I will attend in person ___X____  By video conference from _______  By conference call  _______  No, I will not attend  _______  *  *  *  Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, October 6.  Thank you, Katherine 
 See first item below 
 Just a "heads up" ... Ken may get a call from Gov Gilmore regarding the Republican Governors' Association.  Below are Sue Landwehr's recommendations (with which I concur).  Let me know if he calls and let us know if you need any additional information. 
 Please put on my calendar and call to confirm my attendance.  thanks 
 FYI 
 Mark has some editorial changes to the letter if there is still time 
 What do you think? If you think this would be useful, go ahead and order it. 
 What have they done for us?    Terence H Thorn@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 10/03/2000 08:30 AM 
 Please see the attached voicemail that Steve received today from Woody Wodraska. 
 Peggy:  Steve Kean says it looks good to him.  Maureen     Peggy Mahoney@EES 10/05/2000 11:51 AM 
 I won't be on the call, but will fax my comments to you this am    Twanda Sweet@ECT 10/06/2000 09:51 AM 
 I've got a few too many speeches coming up.  You are probably in the best position to address this crowd (time for the student to teach the teacher), but I'd understand if you think it would be awkward (the we should just decline).    Jeff Dasovich 10/05/2000 01:23 PM 
 Do you guys follow these reports?  Do we need to correct them? 
 When we talked about me speaking at the conference in Nov. Enron's management conference had not yet been scheduled.  Now it has and, of course, it conflicts... it also conflicts out just about every other senior person at Enron.  I will take care of finding a substitute, but wanted your thoughts on a couple of candidates:  how about Seabron Adamson, Richard Tabors or Scott Magrane(sp?).  The latter is at Goldman Sachs and, last time I talked to him, was working on Transcos.  Let me know what you think and let me know who you were working with at FEBA so I can take care of the problem. Thanks 
 Am I taking care of you or what?? 
 I mentioned the need to call Gramm in the exec committee meeting today and Ken is willing to do it.  The talking points ISDA sent looked fairly generic.  Given Ken's relationship, and the fact that he has talked to Gramm previously on the subject, what should we ask Ken to cover?  I'd like to give him a background document and talking points like we did last time.  I will send it by fax to you Chris and would appreciate it if you could update it as appropriate. 
 Do you still expect Guinn to call Ken?  If so, do we have updated talking points (and background) for Ken? 
 I want to keep my subscription current. 
 calendar 
 Nick,  Sorry for the delay.  I have made a few notes for you to consider and a couple of editorial changes.  I think the information is useful and well presented.  (Note from Maureen:  I renamed the docs as version B.)  I've only attached the changed documents. 
 Contact Mike Terraso (who heads the environmental function) and Mike Hicks (who oversees corporate security).    Jason Sokolov@ECT 10/11/2000 08:46 AM 
 Terry was acting with full coordination from Jose.  The problem was this: Daly insisted someone speak on behalf of the group to the press (and designated Terry to be the one); Terry did not have the updated information that we were about to meet with the government officials and deliver a slightly different message (i.e. that we needed to know if the government planned to really open Petrobras or not -- the implication being that we would work within either decision but we needed to know one way or the other); Terry was simply not in possession of this information and no one had given it to him (probably because they had no reason to assume that Terry would be thrust in front of the press); moreover, it's hard to see how Terry could have taken such a position publicly anyway.  By my eyes Terry did the best he could and we had an unavoidable communications bust.  I know the Southern cone team is moving to make it right, but I see absolutely no reason to come don on anyone about this. 
 sounds good, but i couldn't open the file.  could you send hard copy    Kelly Kimberly@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/10/2000 11:41 PM 
 I'd love to but I'll be in London    Marge Nadasky@ECT 10/11/2000 12:01 PM 
 sounds good.  I think we should not talk about the conversations with the governor . . . I'd rather not prompt them to go to the gov (presumably to object to the gov talking to us without talking to them at the same time).    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 10/11/2000 02:54 PM 
 I will be out of the country on Wednesday    Johan Zaayman@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 10/10/2000 02:50 PM 
 Nick Lampson called and asked for a contribution.  I committed to one without knowing about his vote on PNTR.  I will keep my word by making an individual contribution but will also communicate to him that in my capacity as Enron PAC chair i cannot authorize the PAC to make a contribution as a result of that vote.  Sorry I jumped the gun. 
 What do you think he'll add?    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 10/13/2000 11:01 AM 
 fyi 
 looks good    Meredith Philipp 10/13/2000 09:30 AM 
 I checked with Skilling's office and there is nothing scheduled.    The Gov.'s office bascially said "don't call us, we'll call you".   Maureen 
 Please add Terrie to the meeting with Beth, Bill, Palmer, et al 
 I assume we avoid Libya completely.  The question, though, may be how we proceed if we are doing business with someone who has activities in Libya. Your views please. 
 I may need to spend some time with you in advance, but you don't have to plan on coming here.    Mark Schroeder@ECT 10/15/2000 06:32 PM 
 I think the presentation looks good.  In the meeting itself I think you should go heavy on the argument that it makes no sense for Sempra shareholders to be in a commodity market as a regulated entity -- the "heads they win tails you lose" argument.    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 10/13/2000 06:11 PM 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 print first attachment only 
 print 
 coule you get Jeannie copies of the slides or other write ups you have on this.  Jeannie -- I don't know how far it is prudent to take a position on this as a co.  It has already become a key battleground (garnering some discussion in the Gore-Lieberman debate).  I think we stay away from it as a co., but we at least ought to put the information in front of anyone we are asking to do an oped so that they can make a reasoned judgement. 
 FYI 
 please print 
 print 
 please print 
 print 
 please print 
 do we need bus cards 
 print 
 Okay, so I didn't know what a "DRIP" is, but now that I do, I'm sending this to you. 
 This could become a very deep pit.  I don't want to distract you from the= =20 primary mission, but there may be a solution which gets them what they need= =20 and doesn't pull you away from the North American effort -- you could=20 "deputize" Jane Wilson to help out on this.  Jane, as usual, has embedded= =20 herself deeply in the Enron India organization as VP of Gov't Affairs and c= an=20 be a sound source of information for you as well as an agent for you in=20 India.  Think about contacting her and getting her help.  Also, we have never explicitly talked about whether your focus is North=20 American or world wide.  My view is that it is worldwide, but that has to b= e=20 heavily modified by the fact that most Enron employees (current and probabl= y=20 future) are here; while the US has many deficiencies in its education syste= m,=20 graduate education here is the best in the world; and we need to show rapid= =20 early success (and that's best accomplished by sticking close to home at=20 least initially). 
 If you can cover it I would say yes.  It's a key race and we have been close to Ashcroft for years.  Let's make sure he knows we gave it.... we need to follow up with him.  Last time I talked to him he basically recited the utilities' position on electric restructuring.  Let's make it clear that we want to talk right after the election.    Joe Hillings 10/16/2000 04:41 PM 
 How did this happen? 
 One of the things you should include in your report to Koenig and Frevert is our preliminary views on the RTO filings.  Perhaps it's simply that we are not going to be satisfied until FERC forces nondiscriminatory access and we will object to every filing and fight every shortcoming. 
 calendar and meeting file 
 please check schedule and get back to Irwin's office. 
 Washington would be fine .... there's always plenty to do there.  I got a note from Ken asking that you and I have the first meeting and come back to him withrecommendations.  I agree with the agenda you have set out. It may also be worth discussing how we can use the individual  members of this group outside of the meetings with the  Enron Exec Committee: there may be efforts elsewhere in the company which would benefit from the advice and input of members of the group.    Stelzer@aol.com 10/06/2000 10:33 AM 
 FYI 
 Thanks for the resume.  I don't see a fit in government affairs, but I am forwarding to community relations to see if there is any interest there.    Mark Courtney@ECT 10/12/2000 10:29 AM 
 Steve is out of the country this week - but I checked his schedule and it looks like Nov. 29 in DC would work best.  I will go ahead and pencil that in on Steve's schedule.  Maureen McVicker Steve's Assistant     Stelzer@aol.com 10/18/2000 09:23 AM 
 fyi 
 Thanks for the update.  I want to make sure we present the numbers in a mor= e=20 coherent fashion than just laying out the individual RCs.  You and I have= =20 discussed this before; my recollection is that we were going to break out a= s=20 follows:  Administrative services Aviation building services new building ongoing government affairs Americas Europe-Asia Other budgets retained at business unit level (explanation of shift in expenses from advocacy to transaction support/risk= =20 management PR/Communications Brand advertising internal comm other PR  I may be forgetting some of the subgroups we talked about, but this is the= =20 general idea. 
 Please schedule for Monday 
 Any of the following would be great (prop ref no.):  TUS-020-02 (the last one on your list) TUS-030-01 TUS-030-06 TUS-005-02  I would prefer one with a tennis court in the complex.  Go ahead and book. Thanks! 
 calendar 
 I talked to Ken Lay and he will support Carol as VP.  I have talked to Carol and she knows the process.  We are going to take her up at the next Excom meeting.  I don't think there is anything you need to do right now.    John Sherriff@ECT 10/18/2000 04:31 AM 
 Look at the last article .... any idea what the "rude awakening" might be? 
 See Dow Jones newswire story at the end 
 Please see attached. 
 Can we be even stronger on this?  The short answer is that Joe's resignatio= n=20 has no impact on our view toward India.  The evaluation of our asset holdin= gs=20 and new business opportunities is the same the day after Joe's resignation = as=20 it was the day before.  If need be, we can reiterate previous statements=20 about our ongoing review of asset positions.  What do you think? 
 Nick:  I was wondering if it would be a big problem if I end up not being able to attend the grand opening.  I really want to attend, but I am having some scheduling problems.  Please let me know if my missing the event would create any problems.  (I know I'm important, but I'm sure it would be ok for me to miss.)  Steve 
 Thanks, Nick.  I am anxious to get out there soon.  In the meantime I'll send a tape of my singing voice.    Nicholas O'Day 10/26/2000 06:04 PM 
 Steve said ok to both classes.      Enron Energy Services 
 The attached expense report has been approved by Steve Kean, Exec VP & Chief of Staff. 
 I would drop the second sentence (it's a bit convoluted).  I would also like to look at what else the ad says -- ie how are the quotes introduced, what other quotes will be used, etc.    Jeffrey Keeler 10/30/2000 09:54 AM 
 Need comments ASAP - - need to send out today. 
 Please get the list of people I interviewed (and their resumes) from Allison Bailey and confirm with her that if the attached spreadsheet shows a "y" next to their name that means they received an offer (if "n" then no offer).  I would like to email those i interviewed who recieved offers 
 calendar 
 Rosie and Sherrie:  Jeff Ken and Joe wanted to discuss the attached.  Joe -- this is the same document I forwarded to you earlier. 
 The attached letter is being delivered this morning to the FERC commissioners.  Since the letter concerns a matter currently pending before the commission it will also be served on the parties.  We plan to talk to the press about it as well.  A number of other companies and organizations are also submitting letters and we have helped prepare an EPSA filing which focusses specifically on California.  Our best information at this point is that the FERC staff report regarding California is generally accurate, and therefore, favorable.  While it will mention periodic exercises of market power, it is expected to lay blame for California's woes at the feet of California's own decisions about market structure.  It is further expected that the report will not provide a basis for ordering refunds.  On the other hand, the Commission's order (to be considered tomorrow along with the staff's report) is expected to at least put refunds on the table for comment and to discuss, and perhaps implement, further price caps.  This is just our best guess at this point.  the Commission has put special emphasis on putting the report and order under wraps until wednesday. 
 My mistake, but no reason to stop the presses. 
 thanks.  the letter is already out, but we will be accurate in follow up calls and in press interviews.    Tim Belden@ECT 10/31/2000 08:33 AM 
 Any interest? 
 Joe Hartsoe, Rick Shapiro, or Jim Steffes can fill you in on the details of what FERC did today.  One question you need to think about is how their decision on price caps affects any contracts which we may have indexed to California's spot market.  The way it reports the market clearing price will change fundamentally if prices over 150 will be accepted but not used to clear the market for all bids.  So, if we are using this as a reference price in our contracts it may trigger the need to look for alternatives. 
 I am out of town. Joe - can you attend?    Laura Evans@EES 10/31/2000 02:27 PM 
 Please ask Ken to sign the following.  But, in the Advisory Council letter delete the reference to the December Board meeting and check with Ken on whether he still plans to brief the Enron Board at the December meeting (I believe he talked to Kelly Kimberly about this). 
 I think it looks good.  a few suggestions though:  I haven't read the whole reprt so I can't say for sure that it alleges no price gouging (make sure to forward this to Jeff ... my e-mail is slow on the road).  We can say though, that instead of blaming generators and marketers the report blames the structure of the market for California's woes.  I think we should shorten the quote to something like " the reprt is consistent with what we have said all along.  We should say that the scheduling penalties part of the order will "penalize utilities for underscheduling" not predicting.  Hedging is not about holding pirces down so much as it is about protecting people from wild price swings ... that's what allowing utilities to buy outside the spot should help do.  (Also, my title is just EVP and Chief of Staff)    JMandelker@aol.com 11/01/2000 03:32 PM 
 Did Ken ask us to sponsor it or just consider it?  I'm wondering what if anything we gain from such an investment, but I have an open mind on it.    Joe Hillings 10/30/2000 08:35 AM 
 I'm normally not a big fan of conferences, but this one may be of interest. I think it may be of even more interest if we don't speak: it's possible some utilities may say some of the same things we would say, but they may be less likely to do so if we speak and they feel they have to respond.  Let me know what you think. 
 My only comment relates to the Azurix reference  ... it's not a significant part of the biz and things have changed recently.  i don't think it merits reference.    Rick Buy@ECT 10/23/2000 02:59 PM 
 John -- I'm copying Janine and Barb on this message as they are most likely to be able to identify someone.  Janine and Barb -- could one of you get in touch with John?    John Stokes@AZURIX 11/02/2000 06:45 AM 
 congratulations on a great launch!  The US press on the office opening has been great.  If you haven't seen it, get in touch with Ann Schmidt.    Nicholas O'Day 11/02/2000 04:15 AM 
 I believe the registration deadline for the Nov 7 election has passed.  I'll ask Eliz to forward the registration materials to you so you can be ready for the next election.  Also, if you were registered in Harris County before you may still be on the rolls at your old precinct ... you should ask.    A G Gelotti@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/02/2000 12:36 AM 
 I don't want to disrupt building a more collegial relationship here, but I have some concerns about their reticence to sound more positive about reaching agreement on our two key issues.  Can we put the question differently:  what are the barriers to their concurrence and what can we do together to address those barriers?  If the barriers for EEI are insurmountable because of the recalcitrance of a few members, can they facilitate a dialogue between us and a more progressive group?    James D Steffes 11/01/2000 05:25 PM 
 SAVE THE DATE !!  We have scheduled a date for the end of year PRC meeting for Public Affairs.  DATE:  Saturday, December 9th  (yes - it really is on a Saturday)  TIME:  8:30 a.m. until ???? (however long it takes)  PLACE: Houston, some place in the Enron building. Room to be announced at a later date. 
 I am very interested in pursuing this and I believe Enron presents an ideal case study for the purposes you outlined.  I am copying Christie Patrick on this message and asking her to coordinate this for us.  Christie has worked on other case studies and will be very helpful in navigating Enron for you.    Don Sull <dsull@hbs.edu> 11/03/2000 10:46 AM 
 Let's add Rick, Jim and me    Elizabeth Linnell 11/02/2000 05:05 PM 
 What are our chances of final approval at FERC at the JUly meeting.  Jeff still thinks this is a third quarter close.  Do we have any chance of making that happen? 
 Thanks, Barb.    Barbara A Hueter 11/03/2000 02:15 PM 
 see resume attached 
 Attached are a revised org chart and a revised org memo.  Work form these drafts to incororate the handwritten changes I have given you. 
 John Sherriff and I are recommending Carol Hensley (VP Marketing and=20 Communications at Azurix) for a VP position in John=01,s organization.  Car= ol=20 was a director in the Enron PR group before moving to Azurix.  Her new role= =20 would be to support EnronCredit.com.  A critical success factor for=20 EnronCredit.com will be to establish a strong brand in the coming months.  In her time at Azurix, Carol has added significantly to her skills and=20 experience.  I spoke with John Garrison at length about Carol=01,s performa= nce=20 at Azurix.  She has expanded her marketing services skills and provided=20 significant support in the investor relations arena.  Garrison relates that= =20 the Azurix commercial leaders view Carol as a partner, informed about the= =20 business and instrumental in handling crises and pursuing business=20 opportunities.  John Sherriff and Ken Lay join me in recommending that Carol keep her VP= =20 title as she returns to Enron. =20  A copy of Carol's resume is attached. 
 Attached is the revised draft memo:    Joyce for Steve 
 If you have not logged onto the PEP system to designate reviewers, or approve reviewers for those in your organization, please do so today.  The deadline for completing performance evaluation information is November 17.  The performance review process is critical to year-end evaluations and bonus, promotion and compensation decisions. This year, as in previous review periods, the system enables "360 degree" feedback throughout the organization.  Please take some time today to get the process started. 
 Attached are the committee lists and organizatinal charts. 
 My copy shows long term comp on the exhibit under "Grant Award".  And yes, the date will be revised. 
 I will be on the first panel of the FERC California conference on Thursday. The format allows a 5 min presentation and then 60 min of Q&A.  I need your help to make sure I have "Gore-like" command of the details.  Please help with the following information: Enron project information (Parquet/McCubbin) -- please give me any presentations or summaries you have on the generation, or firm purchases, we have under way (or planned).  I'll talk with you to find out what we are comfortable disclosing but please err on the side of giving whatever information you have. Updated Belden presentation (Hain/Belden) -- I believe the latest information was as of August; I think some of the information on the cost of peaking facilities is particularly eye-opening on the price cap issue. Comparison to PJM (Hartsoe/Novosel) -- Is the information we are seeking from the ISO and PX similar to information PJM already provides?  If so, it would be nice to tie our requests back to something the Commission has already approved. Cancelled DSM projects (Mahoney) -- Again, I'll only use what we feel comfortable with, but it would help make our point if we can give examples of how price caps backfire when it comes to encouraging conservation. ISO/PX reports (Dasovich).  I have the ISO market surveillance report.  Is there another ISO report?  If so, please get me a copy and provide a copy of the PX report too. CEC/Proposed generation update (Mara/Parquet) -- Need the basic information: proposed, waiting for permitting; how much/little the legislation did to expedite siting (ie are we still comfortable saying that it applies to less than 10%)? Soft cap(Belden/Hain) -- need a crisp explanation of why the "soft" nature of the cap is not sufficient.  Also, would we be OK if the Commission revised it to say that bids can be taken above 150 without special filing or reporting requirements, but those bids will be accepted at the price bid rather than applying to all lower bids as well (ie the highest bid at or below 150 clears the market, bids above 150 accepted at price bid as needed)? Offers we have made/deals done (Parquet/Dasovich/ Mccubbin) -- Roseville plus any others, offer made to SDG&E -- I want to make the point that the market will provide solutions (below the retail price cap) if we get the utility (and the regulators) out of the merchant function. Herding the cats(Hartsoe/mccubbin/mara/dasovich):  We are asking FERC to be courageous, do the right thing and ignore the politics.  To be even halfway credible, we can't have IEP, EPSA, Dynegy or anyone else "squishing" on the price cap issue..  We have never been closer to reform in California, we need these guys on board. Thanks. 
 Attached is the presentation I used for a very general update on deregulation; it includes some California material. 
 Looks good    Elizabeth Peters@EES 11/06/2000 08:27 PM 
 Ricardo -- Mark's organization is on point on this one. 
 Dave Delaney has asked that we accelerate our look at space alternatives in Mexico City.  If you assume that you and Jaime and (perhaps) one person from EBS remain there, what do you think the cost is (or when can you let me know)? 
 FYI - we had a bomb threat this am. 
 It's a hoax..  This e-mail made it into a reporter's hands and the reporter asked about this in the Clinton-Lazio debates in NY.  CNN covered the hoax the next day.  The US Postal Service denied it, of course. By the way, I have never seen a letter -- "P" -- following a bill number in the Congressional numbering system.    Sherri Sera 11/07/2000 01:33 PM 
 Please see the attached memo regarding the Enron Advisory Council Meeting scheduled for  September 16 & 17. 
 Forgive me if I have forgotten, but had you suggested a topic for our next advisory council meeting? 
 Although I realize some of you may not be able to join on such short notice, please try to participate in a conference call in preparation for the FERC meeting on Thursday.  I'd really like to have your input.  Date:   Wednesday, November 8 Time:   10 a.m. CST Call in #:  888-422-7132 Host Code:  239900 Participant Code: 491703 
 Attached is the (near) final draft of the organization announcement.  If you have any comments, please contact me as soon as possible. 
 oops -- thanks    Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/08/2000 08:33 AM 
 print 
 print 
 Joe:  Steve asked that I pass the following request along to you.  Kathy Cash, reporter for McGraw Hill, called wanting Steve's comments on the regional market/policy info released by FERC today.  Please follow up.  Her number is 202/383-2274.  Thanks.  Joyce for Steve 
 Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are?  Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices?    Courtney Votaw 11/08/2000 11:02 AM 
 I appreciate you pressing this issue.  You should both be aware that Unocal(?) has been sued by the families of four employees who were shot in Pakistan a couple of years ago.  Their claim is that the company did not provide adequate security and ignored official warnings of trouble in the region. 
 fyi 
 calendar 
 for meeting file 
 thanks for your help in preparing for the Texas hearing.  I think Texas legislators are viewing the California experience in the proper context and I think I was at least marginally articulate on the emissions issues as well.  thanks again. 
 Please see the attached documents.  Mandelker document    Dasovich document    Luntz documents - PRINCIPLES 4 with notes.doc  - Pro-Dereg - revised.doc - Pro-Reg-revised.doc  D. Haug's Response - Steve Kean Talking Points 
 I think this is a fine attempt, but I continue to believe that a pure relative ranking offers the most flexibility and is more like the way the process works in practice.  A separate list of desired behaviors, criteria etc can be used to guide discussion but I believe the ranking itself should remain purely relative. 
 I share your perceptions of Jose, though I don't have as much contact as you do.  I know also from some recent discussions with Rick (who has also had a fair amount of contact with Jose) that he has very positive views on Jose's work.  I think we should make a concerted effort to get the feedback and have a good discussion about Jose at year end to ensure that he is properly ranked.    James M Bannantine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 10/03/2000 07:13 PM 
 I realize the group may go a different way with this, but I remain convinced that we should go to a pure number system (ie a pure relative ranking) and use the behaviors and skills descriptions as a way of discussing the differences between people.  Just adding the qualifier "relative to peers" glosses over what's really going on.  The behavior and skill descriptors tell everyone what is valued here and guide the discussion.  The relative ranking lets us have the flexibility to meet business needs by getting tighter or "looser" on performance rankings, terminations, and comp.    Gina Corteselli 10/16/2000 01:31 PM 
 Response from Steve Kean:  Ken will be cosponsoring the event and asked us to do a PAC contribution.  I think your points are most valid and we'll reduce to $2,000.      Joe Hillings 10/24/2000 03:07 PM 
 Please see attached.     After you put Ken's signature on this, please email it to Joe Hartsoe.  Also send it via email to Dan Watkiss - his email address is  dwatkiss@bracepatt.com  Thanks. 
 I think paul has a number of good suggestions here.  I think that tying rankings to clear objectives does not reflect the fluidity of our charge, though, and will lead to expectations which may not be met.  I also feel strongly that the ranking needs to be a relative one -- I would go to a pure number system.  We are going to need to assess at each PRC whether the organization is strong (in which case I think it's ok to have a disproportionate number of high ratings) or whether the organization has weaknesses that force us to grade tougher.  You don't get that in an absolute system with preset expectations.  I think your group in particular has done a good job of emphasizing team work ( and punishing those who don't play well) so we need not create a competitive or jockeying environment so long as that emphasis is communicated explicitly.  I agree with Paul's points about giving clear, specific feed back (though I don't think we can give a clear target for what one must accomplish to be superior).  I also like the idea of the abbreviated mid year PRC to deal with those we need to counsel more vigorously.  I'm not sure we can get away with it but I am willing to give it a shot.  I think Paul is to be complimented for taking time to focus on the larger organizational issues .... very vice presidential of him... no overstepping of bounds ... quite the contrary.    Richard Shapiro@EES 10/31/2000 02:52 PM 
 Please check schedule and respond 
 I understood the "validation" process to be a fairly flexible name applied to a wide variety of approaches.  What we specifically discussed, and what scott s. left prepared and committed to do, involved looking at individual curves, the assumptions underlying them and some process (yet to be specifically determined) for addressing updates.  We agreed to start with the top 20 curves and especially those which are involved in the upcoming deals.  I think the confusion is in what the term validation means.  In the ENA context it means one thing; in this context it means what we discussed (which was in Jim's memo and, as you'll recall, we went through point-by-point). Let's just get this done. 
 I will be getting back from Washington late today, but will be in early in the morning (evening your time).  Give me a call    Nicholas O'Day 11/06/2000 03:41 AM 
 Just FYI.  These guys did a great job on the polling here, but I can't speak to their other qualifications or their California ties. 
 Thank you    David Rosenberg 11/09/2000 07:35 AM 
 Unbelievable ... 130K/month?    Richard Shapiro 11/06/2000 10:04 AM 
 Wendy Gramm (an Enron Board member) referred Jay Valesquez(sp?) to Jeff Skilling about an event in Dallas for  Senator Lugar.  The event is Sunday November 19 and Jeff is out of town.  Would you please give Jay a call and decide what we should do? Jay's number is 202-973-5980 
 Sandi deserves time off and she shouldn't have an obligation to do e-mail while she is out.  Further,  I was only copying her on messages that many others received (so I don't need to hear back from her).  But, if this is a standard message going out to everyone while the fires continue to rage in California, I think it leaves a bad impression.  Can we find a way to direct urgent requests to someone else in the office or to someone on our external lobby team? 
 Per my voicemail, attached is a proposed "statement" to open the Executive Committee meeting on Monday. 
 Let's process this request.  I think it's justified. 
 Eliz -- does this allocation reflect the cuts we have already made? 
 Don't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker.  I just wanted Sue to hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much).  Thanks for the comment on the hearing.  In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much better;  everyone thanked FERC for intervening (though for different reasons).  The other staff reports are also looking good.  Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 11/10/2000 12:33 PM 
 Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?  I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach.    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 11/10/2000 12:21 PM 
 See below.  Can we get some help on the IBM issues? 
 calendar 
 There are a few other issues we need to look into:  Larcamp told Hartsoe and I after the meeting that FERC may clarify that the price caps and reporting obligations apply only to bids into the PX and ISO -- ie no bilateral transaction will be subject to the requirements.  He asked if knowing this would change any of our views (esp peaking plants, though I suspect it's already too late for that).  My gut reaction is that so long as the market continues to clear through the centralized exchanges this "exemption" for bilateral transactions won't matter much, but let's think it through.  Is EOL or APX an alternative? Massey specifically asked us to address forward markets in our comments. Specifically, "has FERC done everything it can to encourage forward market development?"  In addition to any other points we might make, I think we should argue that "PJMing" the market won't facilitate and may even hinder forward market development.  Also, we should advocate actions by FERC that take away second-guessing by the CPUC in order to reduce utility fears about contracting forward. We have to give the Commission a way out on price caps.  We need to think through whether there is something we can live with here, or we should take the approach I took in my testimony:  FERC should encourage the state to provide rate protection for selected customer classes by putting those requirements up for bid (ie get the utility out of the commodity business as much as possible). Finally, on governence issues we should argue for a narrowe role for the ISO as a way of diffusing the emotional governence debate.  Analogy:  if the ISO is simply the air traffic controller all parties will simply be interested in retaining the most technically competent people (not hiring or appointing their lackies or friends).  So long as the ISO has a role in setting prices, acquiring supplies or running the market, it is destined to be controversial and highly politicized.  Those functions should be left to the market.    Mary Hain@ECT 11/10/2000 11:13 AM 
 per voicemail 
 per our discussion.  Want to schedule a tour and want to make sure that Marchris is avail (let Rick and Montovano know) 
 What does this proposal imply about transmission pricing.  We have debated from time-to-time whether we would be better off with a pure "loads pay" transmission pricing scheme because it would leave fewer places for utilities to hide the ball (when they pay for transmission they are just transferring money from one pocket to the other) and it would allow us to reach the maximum number of counterparties for each MW (thereby increasing liquidity). Where do we stand?    Charles Yeung@ECT 11/09/2000 11:19 AM 
 I need you to run these items by Rick.  I take full responsibility for approving the hiring of the Hills firm (and I look forward to meeting with you and Carla as we discussed), but remain hopeful we can use their services for something other than WTO.  In the wake of Seattle, and as I have come to understand better what the WTO can and cannot do for us on the energy services front, I have come to the view that our talent and money would be better spent on other activities.  My inclination is to do the bare minimum necessary to keep the machine going.  If we have specifically committed to certain things, then let's follow through.  If there are things we can avoid, let's avoid them.  Specifically with respect to Fischer going to Geneva, Why not have him available by phone at all hours to provide assistance and mage that known to USG instead of underwriting additional travel.  With respect to the Hills firm, can we use the retained time to help with the specific strategies we are now working out for the regions?  These are the kinds of things we need to consider. 
 congratulations!  One thing to add to the arguments:  we have to make the adverse effect on consumers the centerpiece of our arguments.  We need the legal arguments too, but this is fundamentally a political and consumer protection driven discussion.  We have to be prepared to demonstrate that the key to Alberta reducing prices is allowing new generation to enter and to do that you have to allow a true market price to be posted.  California has seen the cancellation of numerous projects while they remain desparate for new supply because they have tried to artificially constrain prices.  That's not good for consumers.  If they need a lower cost solution for consumers (or protection from price volatility in the meantime) they need to "outsource" the residential supply business in blocks for fixed price bids.  Regardless of how we frame the arguments, or the solutions, however, we have to make the public policy/ consumer protection arguments the center of our written and oral presentations.  Do you agree?    Robert Hemstock@ECT 11/15/2000 06:28 PM 
 Thanks for the message.  I agree that once we have a good outline of what we are going to do we are going to need someone who can get it done.  I think you would be an outstanding candidate for that role (seems to me we went after you once before).  Is your inquiry confidential or can I discuss it with others?    Anthony Mends@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/15/2000 09:50 AM 
 fyi 
 Thanks, I enjoyed it too and would be happy to do it again.    John Baker <John.Baker@daniel.com> 11/15/2000 07:47 AM 
 If we are interested in doing this, the interviewee should probably be from EEL 
 Has anyone talked with Tim B about what Larcamp said -- ie the soft cap only applies to PX and ISO bids and not to any bilateral contracts including bilateral fwd contracts? 
 You might try Scott Tholan, Mike Hicks, or Rick Buy.    Linda Robertson 11/13/2000 05:36 PM 
 As I mentioned at the executive committee meeting, we have a number of people who either have expressed interest in serving on the transition team or who I would like to approach to serve on the transition team for Bush.  We believe that a call from you to Cheney may be required.  David Haug.    David will be returning from his honeymoon on Dec 4 and has expressed a strong interest in serving on the Bush team. Woody Wodraska.  Woody would like to work on environmental and water issues and has been in touch with Bush campaign folks in both California and Florida.  He would appreciate a call on his behalf to Cheney.  Amanda is aware of his interest and is amenable to his service. James Steffes.  You know Jim.  He is one of the most creative and talented people in my organization.  He is familiar with state and federal energy regulation as well as the state and federal policy makers who have played an active role in deregulation efforts.  He would be great to have on a vetting team for commission nominees.  I have talked to Jim and he is interested. Others.  We can make another 4 people available from the government affairs organization with qualifications in energy, communications and market regulation.  The question is more a matter of how many Enron people they would like to have.  Among them:  Dan Allegretti (who will be chair of NEPOOL next year) who campaigned for Bush in New Hampshire; and Sue Landwehr, a republican who works for us in the upper midwest.   Linda Robertson has suggested that we try to put as many people on the "vetting" team as possible.  Let me know how I need to proceed. 
 can you find the contact and see if they are still interested in the money? 
 That flight time is fine.  A couple of other things:  I need to meet with McKinsey while I'm in town on Monday.  Please set up with Suzanne Nimocks' office.  Also, my return should be first thing Tuesday morning (I think we had discussed Monday night originally).  Just get me on the first available flight to Roswell.  Also, I didn't mean to put you in  a difficult spot with Melissa.  I had tried getting hold of her last night but only got the answering machine. Don't worry about tellling her my travel schedule.  If I haven't told her first, I'll deal with the consequences (I've logged "couch time" before plus I'm usually pretty good about keeping her up to date). Thanks    Maureen McVicker 11/16/2000 02:44 PM 
 I think this is something we should consider.  I'm asking Rob to look into it.    "Gilbert R. Whitaker, Jr." <grwhit@rice.edu> 11/16/2000 02:06 PM 
 Thanks    Robert Hemstock@ECT 11/16/2000 11:39 AM 
 I sent an electronic copy to John Baker.  Maureen could you send one directly to Jason and schedule lunch? thanks    Jason Sokolov@ECT 11/17/2000 10:09 AM 
 Contact Steve Walton 
 Another key point:  to avoid the mistakes of California, policy makers must make it easy to site and interconnect new generation.  In California peak demand rose by about 5500 MW from 1996 - 2000.  The market responded with porposed capacity additions of about 11000 MW.  Most of these facilities are working thier way through the tangle of state and local approvals.  The problems we saw in California did not need to occur if policy makers simply enabled the market to work.  Also, it's worth noting that the deregulated market did work.  Customers who signed with Enron saw a lower bill than prederegulation, Enron hedged its commitments and so our customers (and Enron) did just fine during the summer.  Deregulation worked; the problems in California can be directly traced to continued regulatory interference in the market.    Susan J Mara 11/17/2000 06:09 PM 
 It looks like a good letter.... heavy on explanation of our position. At some point I'd like to hear more of the background that's leading us to this position.    Richard B Sanders@ECT 11/17/2000 10:19 AM 
 You had asked for my input on a response to a letter you received from Tom Donahue regarding increasing Enron's contribution to the US Chamber to $100,000.  I have been giving the Chamber a bit of a hard time lately and wanted you to know why.  I have been in touch with both Tom and his staff over the last year.  Donahue has done a very good job raising money and getting his membership rolls up, both in terms of membership and dollar contribution per member.  My reservation about the Chamber is that they won't take a stand on something which is in the best interests of the vast majority of their membership if it will alienate a vocal few.  Electric restructuring was a key example of this.  There was no doubt where they should have been on the issue, but instead of embracing retail open access legislation at the federal level they decided to have a "process".  Naturally, all the utilities volunteered to participate in the process and outnumbered the nonutility members when it came time to vote.  The vote supported wholesale, but not retail, reform (with heavy emphasis on ensuring stranded cost recovery).  Afterwards, the federal debate shifted solely to wholesale legislation (though this is not exclusively the Chamber's fault).  Unfortunately, Tom's forceful and competitive approach when it comes to raising his membership rolls leaves him unwilling to do the right thing if a few members will be upset.  For Enron it's a bit like paying $100,000 for a veto right.  The only things the organization pushes for are the things everyone agrees on in the business community -- eg China PNTR and lower corporate taxes -- things they will push for whether we pay dues or not (and things we will add our separate voice to in any event).  As I have explained to the Chamber, Enron makes its money challenging conventional wisdom, changing the way markets work, and dislocating incumbents.  Anything important that we stand for is likely to alienate some members of the business community and the Chamber is unlikely to stand with us.  They represent the status quo in the business community.  Tom is an extremely promising leader; he needs to create a new kind of voice for the business community.  A voice which stands for moving business to the next level, not just protecting its current position.  Having said all that, the Chamber (particularly its international chapters) has been useful to us in the past.  In previous years, Donahue himself has intervened on our behalf with Latin American leaders.  As a consequence, I have asked them for a proposal which would allow us to remain Chamber members at a lower dues (and policy participation) level, but with continuing access to their international activities.  I suggested something in the $25,000 range.  That's why they are approaching you (they want us to double our current dues to $100,000).  Currently, I am inclined to just withdraw from Chamber membership, but I plan to defer to Linda Robertson.  I am interested in your insights, or, if you prefer, you can simply refer them to Linda or me. 
 Please provide me an update on the progress of the working group you have led this year.  There are several things I would like you to cover in this regard.  Did the working group function through the year or was it terminated (I recognize there may be good reasons for the latter, but would like to understand those reasons).  What did the group accomplish?  Would you recommend continuing it?   Any changes?  Are there other topics we should consider for working groups in the future? Any changes to the working group process itself?  Please provide input on the individuals you worked with.  You should be able to do this through the PEP system.  If you cannot, please provide the feedback by confidential e-mail to me.  Because the PRC is coming up soon, please provide the feedback by December 1. 
 Steve Kean is on vacation this week.  Please call me, Maureen McVicker, at 3-1808 and I will get you on his schedule for next week.      Christopher B Hunt@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/20/2000 11:03 AM 
 calendar/mtg folder 
 Thanks, I have what i need.  I'm working on a project with McKinsey regarding the accleration of new businesses, so I wanted to look at some examples of employee-driven business creation.    Sarah Palmer@ECT 11/20/2000 04:11 PM 
 Maureen please check my calendar 
 I have not heard    Rosalee Fleming 11/20/2000 01:19 PM 
 Thanks, I also need to get some time with Shawn Cumberland... please schedule that too.    Christopher B Hunt@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/20/2000 11:03 AM 
 Attached is Steve Kean's presentation.    Are you available for lunch with Steve on Monday, January 8th?  Please give me a call at 3-1808 and we can get you on Steve's calendar.  Maureen McVicker Steve's Assistant 
 Great work.  Any indication that the publication of the Stanley investigation is having any adverse effect? 
 meeting file 
 I had a hard time logging on remotely, so I just got this now.  As you can see, it's a relatively brief "overview" presentation for Jeff, not going into much of the detail surrounding, for example, performance criteria and evaluation or job classification (where much of the real work remains).  The main purpose of this presentation is to give Jeff something for the December Board meeting.  I need your thoughts on something: one of the rationales I had discussed with McKinsey for this new organizational approach was the need to win the war for talent.  A partnership at least theoretically creates unlimited opportunity and reduced hierarchy in an organization.  It also creates substantial upside opportunity and continued motivation for the business leadership.  My question for you and your team is where are we at risk in fact when it comes to attracting and retaining talent.  My suspicion is that our turnover is farily low, and that it is especially low in the top tiers of the organization.  Where we run into problems, my gut tells me, is that we have some difficulty getting the very best from the very best schools (ie we often lose out to the I-Banks and, perhaps McKinsey-level consulting firms) and that we have a tough time holding the most talented managers and directors (ie we're OK at the top livels already).  Could you have someone do an analysis of the turnover rates at different levels?  We may need to weed out the performance related departures (including those who left after getting a low performance ranking even if they were not officially terminated for performance reasons) if possible. 
 I have attached some suggestions in the comment section on the presentation.   I think we also need to have a set of slides or some talking points for Jeff that make a compelling case for these changes.  Some of the points are touched on but I think we have to make a better case for change in addition to outlining the changes.  Some of the themes which we should develop further might focus on the challenges we face in sustaining our growth (this was a major theme at this year's management conference -- Terrie, please forrward a copy of Gary Hamel's presentation to the addressees on this e-mail).  These challenges imply the solutions we are proposing: a professional partnership model which provides opportunity and compensation incentives to attract and retain top talent and encourage cooperation across the company; capturing and exploiting knowledge within the organization; and a more formalized approach to business building through an accelerator.  I will be in California on Monday, but let's try to set up one more meeting before we get together with Jeff.  I can make time on Tuesday or Wednesday. 
 Attached are my suggestions. 
 Proposed edits attached.  Looks good -- I like the references to the energy savings... I think we should try to get this story some play in california; not necessarily in the media but perhaps with some of the folks we are working with in the Gov's office.  Please copy Dasovich and Mccubbin on the final.  Extra congratulations on the USA Today story.       Peggy Mahoney@EES 11/27/2000 09:39 PM 
 I have a reception that evening (coincidentally with another Rice group -- from the engineering school), so I will not be able to attend.    Jaime Gualy@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/27/2000 05:48 PM 
 I got the package on the 2002 PBS special.  We are already doing a significant PBS sponsorship in connection with a series based on Dan Yergin's (author of The Prize) new book "The Commanding Heights".  We have looked at numerous Public Broadcasting sponsorships in the past, but the ratings are so low they tend to be a very inefficient means of reaching our target audience.  We made an exception for yergin's series because it focusses on the role of free markets and their relationship with governments over time. I'll ask Margaret Allen to handle the decline. 
 calendar and meeting file 
 Anything you want me to do?    Christi L Nicolay@ECT 11/28/2000 09:23 AM 
 huh? 
 I don't see anything technically wrong with the document, but I struggle to see the point of it.  Most people are not going to care about our industry's problem; they are going to be interested in solutions.  We should be telling them what the answer is -- eg forward prices are lower; there is an opportunity to buy forward now and protect yourself from volatility; etc. What do you think?    Peggy Mahoney@EES 11/28/2000 05:27 PM 
 fyi 
 Steve Kean is available on Dec. 5 from 9:30 - 11:30.  Maureen McVicker Steve's Assistant      Luke Amelang 11/29/2000 09:45 AM 
 what do you think 
 Looks good.  Is the co2 reduction only 10.5 tons or is it some multiple, like 10.5 thousand tons?    Peggy Mahoney@EES 11/30/2000 12:31 AM 
 schedule 
 Please send an estimate of time and description of the topic to Rebecca. 
 Thanks.  Look at the attached ... it may be too late for this afternoon, but I took a shot at a revised way of presenting the investment fund and the associated issues (substitute for slides 15-17?) 
 I agree with Rick.  I know Jose is tied up on current business, but his input will be important.  To date we have been relying on legal analysis of required approvals etc.  That information is essential but it is, as you know, about 10% of the issue.  The far more critical considerations are how is the government likely to react on a political level and what can we do about it.  I think our government affairs people are in the best position to make these assessments. 
 please block off on my calendar 
 key members I recall are: andy fastow, gene humphrey,cliff baxter, ken rice, rick causey, lou pai, kevin hannon.  it's easier for me to remember those who are still around and in leadership positions as these folks are.  it's also interesting to note that with the exception of rick, gene and andy, all of these guys were in other parts of enron but were attracted to jeff's team by his vision for a new approach to the energy business.    Cindy Derecskey 12/01/2000 02:28 PM 
 please get a copy and forward to paul kaufman's team. 
 see below.  I'm sure your guys are considering all of the applications in d= ue=20 course and those who are waiting are naturally going to be anxious to hear.= =20 Not asking for any special treatment for this individual, but, as we=20 discussed in your office the other day, there are some continuing core skil= ls=20 in the EE&CC group that we need to hold onto.  At first glance, this guy=20 seems to have those skills. 
 calendar 
 Mary says the traders in Portland want to get involved and want to resurrec= t=20 discussions about a reverse auction mechanism for forward contracts to smoo= th=20 out the price spikes.  I think we ought to press on this issue and  see if= =20 Kari can help us elevate the profile of this solution and start getting=20 specific. 
 Shapiro is just unwilling to accept the fact that his guy is a very scary guy ... enough to scare away lifelong democrats.  I got your voicemail.  Thanks for following up. We would be looking for a contract relationship only, not full time. 
 can we get Gary's comments? 
 we'll try to get a copy of gary's comments 
 can we get a copy of gary's comments from cnbc? 
 do I need to do anything?  I believe the only transaction I had was related to a set of shares which were released to me earlier in the year.  Some of the shares were sold at that time to pay the income tax on the distribution. We discussed this before and my recollection is I did not have to make a filing.  Could you confirm by e-mail? 
 I have been trying to hook up with Kevin and will see him tomorrow.  I still prefer to use the "old exec committee plus" for this PRC with a reformed MD PRC starting at mid year.  We have too many people in transition to just switch over to the policy committee at this stage.    Cindy Olson 12/04/2000 09:10 AM 
 Talking points from Steve's discussion with Ken;  do not circulate. 
 Attached are several documents which capture our positions in reaction to power and gas pricing, particularly in California.  Included are a detailed set of solutions to California's power market woes, which we have provided in California and at FERC; a representative speech, and a talking point summary designed for more general audiences and the media.  The gas paper was prepared in September and needs updating, but I have included it as well.  I will get a more integrated message put together and circulated. 
 I agree that we need to rework the copy, especially since the gas market is blowing up.    Karen Denne 12/04/2000 12:33 PM 
 How are the appointments turning out from your perspective? 
 Attached is the accomplishment discussion to go with the public affairs goals -- let me know if this is sufficient and consistent with what you want to present.... I can provide more detail if needed.    Karen Myer 12/04/2000 05:16 PM 
 In the first sentence could we say "transmission owning market participant".    Christi L Nicolay@ECT 12/04/2000 05:52 PM 
 here is the attachment        Karen Myer 12/04/2000 05:16 PM 
 I'm ok from a pr and govt affairs standpoint, but we can't move forward until we have legal (including FCPA) approval.  I have exchanged voicemails with Elizabeth Labonowski on this and she is on it.  If you have consulted local counsel on the issue you should put that person in touch with Elizabeth. Once we have the approvals we can proceed on verbal OKs and document later (as we have in other cases).  This issue has come up before in Europe.  The first time through is the hardest and slowest.  After we have run all the traps once, the subsequent requests move faster.  But we have to get it right.  Even in Europe, where our contributions were small and routine, we attracted a bunch of attention just because of who we are (as in Japan Enron attracts alot of attention in Europe -- even where other American companies don't).    Nicholas O'Day 12/04/2000 07:12 PM 
 I have also received regrets from Horton, but confirmation from Metts 
 Do you have an "alumni" list of analysts/associates in key positions at Enron? 
 Please plan to attend a meeting at 5:00 p.m. TODAY, regarding the gas and power price situation in California.  We will be discussing political, legal and PR implications and actions.   TIME:    5:00 p.m.  PLACE:   EB 3321 (for those in Houston)  CALL IN #:   888-422-7109  HOST CODE:   494397  (for Steve Kean's use only)  PARTICIPANT CODE: 425223 
 Just got word from the lawyers: it's a go. 
 I need to talk to you about Wasaff's project when you get a chance .... tomorrow, if possible,b ut not absolutely necessary.  Hope all is well. 
 Looks fine to me.  Dan, I assume you are comfortable with it.    Karen Denne 12/06/2000 05:06 PM 
 LaRence is running up against the deadline for associates to be promoted or move out.  Here is my concern: LaRence has been worked for a number of people who ended up leaving the company:  he worked for Dave Ramm at Enron Wind (Dave left).  He also worked for John Palmisano who also has left the company.  He ended up in a structuring group working for Brad Richter.  It's hard to sort out what happened there but perhaps because of LaRence's lack of interest in the area, which he apparently expressed to Brad, he has not done much structuring work and Brad is not inclined to promote him or keep him in the organization.  He has been told that he needs to find something now.  Could you guys look into this?  Perhaps we could either extend his deadline, or find him something through the redeployment process? 
 calendar 
 No problem    <Suzanne_Nimocks@mckinsey.com> 12/07/2000 02:18 PM 
 I made a couple of suggestions on slide 17: a wording change in the first bullet and I dropped ECT from the example list -- I think the EES and EBS examples are more alike and make the point more cleanly.  I think showing the ranges for MDs on slides 14 and 19 is fine.  I didn't see a reference to the possibility of an EMD level.  I think that's probably OK -- Jeff can still speak to it if he wants to when he discusses the ranges in the MD level. 
 Thanks -- I'm not on the VP PRC, but I will be in the group that reviews the results and does the MD ranking.  Hannon chairs the vp prc so you should make sure he has these too.  Also, Rick Shapiro is on the vp prc as are Scott Yeager, Steve Elliot and Ric DiMichele.  Also, I know you weren't thrilled with at least one outcome from Saturday's PRC.  If you want to talk about it or the process, give me a call.    Kelly Kimberly@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 12/10/2000 01:31 PM 
 I think the message Christi prepared is great.  Check with her one last time and then let it  go. 
 claendar 
 Can Rick attend.  need one other person too 
 I agree.  It doesn't appear that we have the need for his skills that we had even a few months ago.  I see that you are in contact with Michelle Hargrave about next steps.  Anything you want me to do at this point?    Mark Schroeder@ECT 12/08/2000 11:23 AM 
 Attached is a brief overview of the EGM business (I realize you probably already have this, Lisa).  This organization represents perhaps the biggest near term earnings growth opportunity we have as a company and one that will require our organization to develop expertise in new markets, new regualtory fora, and perhaps new countries.  From time to time, I'm sure we will all be called on to help out, so I'll endeavor to pass on any info I receive. 
 It's a little hard to tell precise numbers from the charts so I need a "call out" number from the charts ... specifically,what happened to microsoft's turnover rate for how much stock decline -- eg did it go up 33% (from 9% to 12%) for "x" decline in the stock price?    Suzanne Brown@ECT 12/07/2000 11:39 AM 
 It is tenure at the level (eg vp or MD) not with organization.  The color scheme looks good.    Gina Corteselli 12/07/2000 08:03 AM 
 Mo - please set up a call 
 Cindy -- it seems to me we should use an HR distribution to get this out. Let Mike and I know what you think. 
 Dolores:  I'm sorry, but Steve just let me know that he will not be able to attend tomorrow's luncheon.  Hope this doesn't cause too many problems.  Thanks.   Maureen      Dolores Fisher 12/12/2000 10:49 AM 
 Given the way the numbers came out, I guess we don't need the talking points, but we should still try to get to the bottom of this because we will be called on to comment to regulators and media.  Unless we have strong evidence to the contrary, it seems to me that wholesale markets are working .... they are open and they are competitive.  On the other hand, retail gas markets suffer from the same problems as electric markets ... they are not open, customers don't have effective choices and price signals don't get through, so there is no demand response when prices rise.  On the points raised in the attachment, I'm still not sure I follow point 4. Also what does" electric disconnect" mean?    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 12/12/2000 02:40 PM 
 Congratulations! 
 calendar and respond 
 Yes, you are. 
 Thanks for the message. 
 That's OK, I was going to use it in the presentation, but it wasn't essential.  Was my talk what you were looking for? 
 I believe it is timely to discuss this again and I agree with Cynthia that stand alone legislation does nothing to address the essential transmission structural issues.  I am open minded on the issue if someone can make a compelling case to support stand alone legislation, BUT my gut reaction is that it would be  a serious mistake.  Congress would happily put off dealing with this issue for years if it passes reliability only legislation.  I think the legislation itself makes little or no progress on our issues and may even set us back on making progress at FERC and in other fora.  I realize that if this gets going it may be hard to stop, but it would be such a cynically ineffective approach to the real reliability problems that we should help whomever we can to put a stop to it.  If it gets through committee, I have no confidence in this Congress to actually amend it into something better and broader, so, again, I have difficulty seeing why we should go that route.  I look forward to the discussion.    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 07/17/2000 02:20 PM 
 In order to better align our resources with the business units we support, we are designating the following individuals as operating company leads with primary responsibility for designing and implementing government and regulatory affairs support for the operating companies and to serve as primary contacts for the operating companies:  EBS: Scott Bolton & Donald Lassere  EES: Harry Kingerski  ENA: Jim Steffes  In addition to supporting the operating company organizations, these individuals will report to Rick Shapiro.  Jim Steffes will retain his responsibilities for regulatory risk assessment and will continue to report to Steve Kean in that capacity.  There are already numerous working relationships and points of contact between government affairs and the operating companies.  The designation of Scott, Donald, Harry and Jim as leads does not change that.  Rather, we are looking to these individuals to coordinate these activities and serve as a "go to" resource on issues which impact the respective operating companies. 
 Want to have fun?  Want to get on a game show?  Want to help Millions? Tomorrow you will receive an email that allows you to answer 15 questions via email responses (about United Way, Enron, and other fun items). Participation with correct answers puts you in the drawing for the employees to represent Corp. in a "Who wants to be a Millionaire?" game that will be played to benefit United Way on August 9.  The lucky and smart representatives will be playing for great prizes.  I encourage your participation in the game, but more importantly, encourage your generous participation in Enron's United Way campaign.  Thanks for your help and HAVE FUN! 
 Any follow up questions or India press about the bloomeberg story I sent you yesterday? 
 fyi 
 Joe asked me to get in touch with you regarding Indian media reports/inquiries on possible sale or sell down of Dabhol and to discuss a possible statement in the event we get additional inquiries.  Give me a call - 713-853-1586, home: 713-621-6550; pager: 888-906-9761. 
 I agree that we need to add our customer contacts to the list.  This gives them a great opportunity to look smart -- "we went to the market and got price protection".  On the messages we need to include Mark's top three:  1) price caps cause shortages (Rob Bradley: let's put some historical examples together) 
 I agree with Mona: we need to include some customer contacts . . . it gives them an opportunity to look smart about going to the marketplace and getting price protection.  The messages need to include Palmer's top three:  1) price  caps cause shortages (Rob- can you put together soe historical examples?); 2) better solutions are already available; and 3) short term politics makes for long term problems.  On item 2) we need to talk about the competitive offerings to San Diego, the fixed price offerings available at retail, and the availability of conservation and demand side management technology today (including its availability to the consuming public from existing suppliers . . .  ie you don't need to wait for Enron to make a consumer offering). 
 I do not.    Enron Energy Services 
 Ken Lay will be hosting a reception for Houston City Council Members and=20 other city officials on Monday, July 31st from 6-7 pm in the 50th floor lob= by=20 area.  This reception is an opportunity for us to update city officials abo= ut=20 Enron=01,s businesses, and an opportunity for you to meet your local=20 representatives. =20  With the hard copy of this memo, I have attached bios and detailed=20 information on Houston City Council Members, Houston Port Commissioners, th= e=20 Metro Board, and the Sports Authority board.=20  If you are unable to attend, please designate someone on your management te= am=20 to represent you. Please RSVP to Maureen McVicker at x31808. 
 Preliminary congratulations!.    Looks like a good plan.  Keep me posted. 
 I think this is a great initiative, but it is critically important that any announcement of the panel makes it crystal clear that the objective of the group is to come up with standards to facilitiate competition.  We will do nothing but waste time if it becomes a negotiation over competition.  the best and politically easiest time to make that objective clear is in the original announcement, not after the group gets underway.  Can we get in touch with DOE to make sure they pick this up?    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 07/18/2000 05:03 PM 
 Wow!  Was this expected? 
 Anybody at the CFTC or on the hill we want to send brochures to? 
 Do we have someone who works for us now who was at Transredes when the government owned it and could help us do a comparison between our respective environmental records?  It seems to me that even though we are having our share of problems, we have probably had fewer problems than the government did and have probably been more responsive and thorough in our clean up efforts.   Obviously, we would need to be judicious about how we used such information (we don't want to aggravate the government), but having such an analysis may be helpful in showing the progress made and in discouraging overly punitive action by the government.  What do you think? 
 I still need to talk to you about our public message in India.  I am on my way to Calgary tonight.  My hotel number is 403-266-7331.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the referral.  We definitely want to get our story out to these guys.  Just for future reference, Meredith Phillipp is handling "New Media" for us.  Thanks 
 Strong work, Laura! 
 Will we capture these "accelerations" in our accomplishments? 
 Baby, I'm going to San Francisco on Aug 14?(Sunday) returning Wednesday. Wanna go?? 
 Attached are my comments on the Bliley amendment to the Largent amendment. 
 Let's add this to our daily distribution. 
 We don't know yet.  He has been invited and we expect most will show up, but we won't know until they do.    Enron Energy Services 
 In the underscored language added to the RTO section I would insert "access to" between the words "planning" and "maintenance".    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 07/20/2000 06:22 AM 
 I have you down as a "yes" to attend the meeting.  Maureen McVicker (Steve's assistant) 
 Let's take the opportunity.    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 07/19/2000 06:32 PM 
 I do too, but I think you should send it with the appropriate caveats (which I communicated verbally to her). 
 Fine 
 PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL - -  Seeking Advice of Counsel - -  Attached is a draft public statement for your review and comment.  The groundrules for using these statements are as follows:  All press inquiries should be directed to Eric Thode.  We will use the more "basic statement" unless press inquiries are specific and informed by knowledgeable industry participants.  We will use only those parts of the more detailed statement which are necessary.  The document begins with a background piece to briefly educate Enron personnel who may not be aware of Project Stanley but may be called upon to respond to regulators' or customers' inquiries.  Aleck - - please get Seabrou's help filling in the blanks.  Richard - - feel free to forward to outside counsel as you see fit. 
 Richard:  Please do not forward the Project Stanley email that we sent to you earlier today.  I am making some revisions and will forward the revised document out to you and the others.  Thanks. 
 Looks good. 
 looks good 
 I think you have picked the two most interesting industries.  Because energy and telecom both have natural monopoly characteristics, the government gets involved in economic regulation (not just the usual environment, safety, labor and other types of regulation which all businesses are subject to). That means that there is constant interplay between policy makers and the business community and that policy makers have alot to say about which business strategies will be successful.    Rob Wilson@ENRON 07/24/2000 04:44 PM 
 My message was sent before I finished it. I think it would be interesting to focus your attention on this interplay --  what policy changes have meant to companies (ie the winners and losers) and how explicit companies are about how government policy drives their business strategy in these industries.  I also think it would be fascinating to compare regulators' visions for the industry they are restructuring with the reality after the fact.  I believe you would find some similarities but also some substantial and interesting differences. Good luck with your studies. My best regards to Mike; I learned a great deal working for him.    Rob Wilson@ENRON 07/24/2000 04:44 PM 
 Thanks for the update.  Congratulations on your progress. 
