email the id #'s to John Powell, Debbie Brackett and Stephanie McGinnis?  Thanks  Kam call me if you have any problems 713-398-4735 
 I started looking at the prompt month positions yesterday and noticed that many of the deals moved to the bankruptcy book have not been deleted in sitara.  I don't think that most people checked the bottom of the sitara deal to see that the volumes were zero for future months.  I started comparing the Bankruptcy index book to a prompt month calc. and fixed as much as I could for the East and West, I just started on Central but we should check this all again on Monday.  Because of this, we have not reported any prompt month physical value.  The rates group hasn't been around to get the demand charges either.  We should have everything clean to report it on Monday.  Going forward I guess we need to show people how to check it correctly.  See you on Monday.  Kam 
 Scott,  I did the last four pages of this.  The pages before that look like they have already been done.  I just spot checked most of them but the entire first page was done already.  I didn't want to waste time, Bridgette is out until next year so I couldn't ask her what the problem is.  I'll leave the pages on your desk.  Kam 
 1476355	1476356	1476357	1476379	1476364	1476365	1476382	1476366	1476367	1476383	1476386	1476389	1476390   Sanjeev,  all the other books tied out.  Thanks Could you run these post-id's also.  This is the last book I will need.   Thanks  KK 
 Ryan,  Everyone else is going to be here on Monday so please feel to stay a few extra days.  We will have the normal closing stuff, (liquidations, PMA's, etc.)  I've already checked out our PMA's and we don't have anything to liquidate so it should be a piece of cake.  Things may pick up a little bit on Wednesday getting the books closed for the year. See you then  Have a great weekend,  Kam 
 FYI......  We are not bringing in prompt month value tonight.  Texas did, about $25,000.  The other regions don't have what we need for demand charges, etc. and no one has taken any time to research the values yet.  The other groups we need have been gone for hours.  We have some large positions which I don't really think are right.  I'll look closer in the morning.  Hope you feel better soon, at least you have all weekend to recover.  See you Monday,  Kam : ) 
 These are the post-id's for today  Price			1450823 Basis			1450824 Index			1450825 GDM			1450826 GDY			1450827 GDM-Canadian		1451412		these two books were added to capture the canadian priced deals GDY-Canadian		1451413   Thanks  Kam 
 Thanks 
 Jeff,  Here are the post-id's for you (or whoever) for Friday.  Ignore the CAN tab.  You should have access to these books, if not you can use my computer.  kkeiser & tamu96ddd on the right computer.  I may come in for the afternoon.  Let me know if you will need help for anything else, I'll come in.  There hasn't been anything going on except running mini-books for Russell Diamond.   See you later,  Kam 
 Scott,  Can you check the contract on #500282.  The chicago office needed to add a month to this deal and it wouldn't let it due to the contract #.  I changed it but probably shouldn't have.  It probably needs a new ticket.  Let me know.   Kay in Chicago needed this at 312-541-1235  Thanks  Kam 
 Amanda,  Can you please look at the last line for Management West?  Those deals are booked to the FT-CAND-EGSC book in Canada.  It wasn't reflected in our P&L's, it also didn't liquidate so it shouldn't be a variance.  Thanks  Kam 
 Done.  KK 
 Scott,  Scott Tackett has taken over Sean's responsibilities.  He can take care of this for you.  Thanks  Kam 
  can you take care of this? 
 Does this need to exclude intercompany deals also? 
 please add Stephanie McGinnis to the email.  it should be  John Powell Debbie Brackett Stephanie McGinnis 
 Hector,  Carole Frank has resigned effective today.  I will collect her badge and any other equipment.  Please let me know if there is anything else that we need to do.  Thanks  Kam 
 Francis,  Can you call Errol McLaughlin or Jeff Gossett when you are done?  Thanks  Kam 
 This what she sent.  Thanks  Kam 
 Here are today's post-ids.  Price - 1445523 Basis - 1445524 Index - 1445525 Gas Daily M - 1445526 Gas Daily Y - 1445527  Kam 
 Yes, send them to John Powell and cc Debbie Brackett 
 I started calculating the bankruptcy book last night for the credit group.  This needs to be done nightly.  I may be out a few days so if I am can someone else take this over from me please?  We can also use these to check daily for counterparties that have been moved incorrectly.  The file is in O:\erms\1intra\west\Bankruptcy post-ids.xls  Thanks  KK 
 All deals have been moved to ENA-IM WEST last night.  Set up your physical post-id's for today and calculate the weapon-X, make sure there are no deals in your books using a forwards detail.  If it is blank, you can run your weapon-X and input into your P&L this morning, you will also need to officialize your physical book one last time.  Financial - you don't need to roll your p&l anymore, (except for Monte, you will have to due to the transport model). Go into the RAC website and inactivate all of your books other than the physical, you will do that tomorrow.  Now that all tagg deals are in one book, we will be splitting up the alphabet among all groups to help monitor that the correct counterparties are being moved to the Bankuptcy book.  We will get with you all later regarding that.   Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks  KK 
  Oops,  I forgot you.  KK 
 It was just a funny song making fun of Enron.  You didn't miss out on much. I signed the offer letter last week, and we went through the orientation and filled out the piles of paperwork.  I won't have the new title and company name officially until the 8th I heard.  What is up with you?  How's the car treating you?  Were you able to sell the maroon thing? I'm house shopping now, I want to build one, just don't know where.  It is fun looking though.  Talk to you later,  KK 
 We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders.  Once we get the word from Lavo we'll let you know.  Thanks  KK 
 Hey,  I am going to have to miss your wedding.  Unfortunately, I will be in Plano that weekend.  I wish I could make it.  What's going on with the UBS weather position?  Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better?  Talk to you soon,  Kam 
   WT Cal has been added. Could you run those additional post-id's?  There are deals in the Aruba book so I'm not sure why you aren't picking those up.  The deals are listed below. Thanks  EY4096.1	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	6,363,217	-$ 250,393 EY4096.3	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	202,989	$ 195,610 EY4096.4	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	F	0	$ 31,180 EY4096.7	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	-6,363,217	-$ 55,678 EY4106.6	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	-1,993,045	-$ 32,387 EY4106.7	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	1,993,045	-$ 43,548 EY4106.9	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	27,886	$ 27,361 EY4108.E	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	12,514,373	-$ 265,932 EY4108.F	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	112,610	$ 110,555 EY4108.H	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	-2,239,879	-$ 36,398 EY4108.I	PERFORMANCE	01-Feb-02	P	-10,274,494	-$ 166,960 
   Thanks 
 As seen below,  Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather than the EWS DPR 2002 file to send to Chris.  The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF's.  Thanks  Kam could you also CC me the first few times you send it? 
 Kristen,  Attached are all live financial deals by risk type.  As you can see, the price data is too large to fit into one tab.  After tomorrow, I will no longer have access to the estate files.  Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward.   Thanks  Kam 
  Ed,  Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate.  After this weekend, we will no longer have access to the estate files, these people will be able to help you with any of your questions.  We will still be around to assist them if needed.  Thanks  KK 
 Sanjeev,  I should have a list of post-id's for you by 4:30 today.  After friday, I will no longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it.  Let me know if that doesn't seem possible. Thanks  Kam 
 This was settled with Chris Abel last night. We have always reported our positions in contracts, they want to see it in BCF.  We will be reporting it that way going forward.  Kam 
  Is this going to change?  Do we have a new book set up for this?  KK 
  Those two counterparties could be currently  in NG-Price, ENA-WT-Socal, or ENA-WT-Cal, not just NG-Price.  Thanks 
 Price, Basis and Index. 
  I got the Goldman counterparty names from Bill Hare and I have found 0 deals with them.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.   Kam 
  James,  Could you go back to the detail we used to do the form A, there is also a cross commodity file that needs to be added, and remove all intercompany deals and redo.  Let me check it once you have all of those deals isolated, just to check over the names once again.  Thanks  KK 
 Also, all physical weapon-X tabs are linking to an old east book.  I didn't touch that tab yet, we don't know if we're using weapon-X or sasqwatch.  KK 
 Thank you. 
 Here are the updated ERV names.  users highlighted in grey.  Thanks  KK 
 We are paused on this for now.  UBS isn't supposed to get any Enron info and that is what this project was intended to do.  Here is the attachment but don't waste any time until further notice. 
 Does he know to set up us as web users also?  Can you add Errol to the first list?  KK 
  More testing.  Recruit as many people as you need to help you.  I want these tested very thoroughly.  Thanks 
 Thomas,  Could you use this file to replace what we currently have for the new DPR?  Thanks  Kam 
 Could you please add me to this distribution list for any issues regarding the DPR?  Thanks 
 I will have the procedures for deal entry to you tomorrow.  Keith Holst is also taking a look at the current deal ticket and might be making some changes.  I'll run it by you before we finalize it.   Thanks Kam 
  Kim,  I am trying to find the exact termination date for the attached counterparties for physical and financial deals.  Can you help me with this?  Kam 
  Can I get your help on the following request?  We need to find out what receivables/payables for financial and physical deals we have outstanding with the attached counterparties that we don't plan on settling.  Can you please let me know if you are the right people to do this and how long it would take to get this information together?  Thanks Kam  x3-5781 
  Casey,  Barry Tycholiz, the west originator, has put a project in front of us.  I am working on this for gas, could you help with the power side, if you have any deals with these counterparties?  Thanks  Kam 
 Thanks,  I will forward this to Casey Evans to work on the Power side.  KK 
 Could you please each take a section of this spreadsheet and search tagg for any deals with these counterparties.  I need to know the exact counterparty name and if there are any deals with that counterparty for Nov-01 forward.  Thanks 
  Please let me know if any of this reqeuest can be done through CAS.  Thanks  Kam 
 Kim,  Are these physical or financial, or a combination.  Do you know the termination dates?  If not, I will try to get them from the confirmations group.  Thanks Kam 
 Thanks,  Will they also be doing those additional files that are not in the Netco directory?  KK 
  Sanjeev,  will you be here on Thursday and Friday?  I will need your help again with a dump of data before the weekend.  Thanks 
 This is what we have to look forward to.  We need to get all post-id's, for the live and bankruptcy books, and get those to Sanjeev Gupta to dump into excel.  Then try to tie those MTM values back to the Gross Book Balance we reported on the final NGP&L.  Once that ties, we will format the info to fit schedule B.  You can't wait, right? 
 Here you go. 
 Bob,  The estate DPR is ready and will be run on Wednesday and Monday mornings.  Thomas Underwood will be taking over that task from me.  Kam 
  Since you need this as of the 31st, we will have to get Zhiyong the post-id's after we calc. on Thursday and should have this ready to go early next week.  Is that early enough?  Kam 
 These are the official post-id's from Dec 31st for all live deals. We didn't have a "performance" book until January.   I included Canada and EMW at the bottom if needed.  Kam  Bankruptcy book 1452831 1452832 1452833 1452834 1452835 1452843 1452839 
 try this 
 Zhiyong,  We have decided to take the curve history with us to UBS for the attached curves.  We have changed the names for some of the curves so column J has additional curves that we would like to bring history.  We will not continue publishing those in the future however.   Thanks  Kam 
 Sheet 3 has been updated (highlighted) for all TRV users.  I added the admin names in column H.  Thanks  KK 
 The 7849 are all in-the-money financial counterparties and all physical deals we are performing on.  We have gotten shorter because that is not all positions we are reporting.  To the true DPR we are reporting additional books but we were told for this purpose you only wanted the deals we plan to perform on.  We don't need the East/West for gas.  I will fill in those additional columns for tomorrows report.  Will you be sending out a new form or shall I make the changes?  Do you want an email daily or have you set up a file for these to be saved into? Is Canada doing their part?   Kam 
 Here is the gas DPR for last night.  You will start getting this on Wednesdays and Mondays.  Please tell me if this is what you need.  Thanks  Kam 
 Keith,  We are in the process of making new deal tickets for UBS and I would like to get your input.  Could you look at the attached ticket and delete, add or change anything you want to.  Everyone will be using this format for all non-EOL deals, one ticket per trade.  Thanks  Kam 
 Here is our final list of EOL products.   Thanks  Kam 
 Could you please add Derek Baily (dbailey) to the TDS and sitara access list?  Thanks KK 
 No problem. 
 After speaking with Kim Theriot in confirmations, we will not be using the RiskMantra entity, per the legal department.  All Canada to US deals should be booked ENA to ECC (using the new legal entities of course) rather than RiskMantra.  She is waiting on the final word about our new legal entity names, I will let you know what I hear.  Thanks  Kam 
 I am on the 5th floor.  05156.  See you then. 
 Dawn,  Please see the attached trader matrix template.  There were some changes made on the physical global id's.  Steve South was also added on the west desk.  Thanks  KK 
 Good question,  I think we should have an excel template set up with all imaginable necessary info that all traders should use, one line per trade rather than one sheet per trade.  What do you think?  KK 
 Only inactivate those books that don't have a trader name next to it on the book request.  There are only a about 6 that should be inactivated.  KK 
 How about tomorrow morning at 9:30?  I have a meeting at 10:00 and I'm clear around that.  KK 
 That sounds good.  KK 
 Could you tell me what the new Rac website address will be and when it will be ready to use?  Thanks 
 I left a message with confirms....they should answer this for us. 
 Yes ma'am, same as before.  Thanks 
  There is a file under Netco for all currently unused books, rolls and hedge strips.  O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\unused books.  Rather than deleting these, they will remain here until they are needed.  The NGP&L will link to these, once they are needed we will start saving it to the regions file and the links will be updated.  There is also a hedgestrip saved for each book to the live and unused books files.  We should also start creating a common file for each region to post the P&L to the website.  Let's try to keep these the same format.  East has a good file that shows new deals and     curveshift.  West used a macro to pull in finished P&L's instead of updating links which eliminated some problems, Randy could help with this.  Figure out what format you want and use that for all regions.   I think everyone agrees that we don't want to give them a positions file like in the past, they should use TDS for that.  I believe the TRV website should be ready to go tomorrow so we can set up the users and report #'s then.   KK 
 I created an Inactive Books folder in the Netco file for all currently unused books.   O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\Inactive books  They are Texas2, Texas6, East4, East5, Cent4 and Cent5.  Thanks 
 Let Russ know also so he can break this up for TDS.  Have him create a roll up for South and Northwest and a total west that sums up both. 
 Outstanding!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That's the best news I've heard all day : ) 
 Now that we know which traders will be moving over, or we should, we need to make a second pass at the EOL product list.  Can you confirm with your desk heads that the list of names we have is correct, and then update the product mappings by tomorrow afternoon?   O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\controls\Trader-Book template (US Gas)_EOL new books.xls   Thanks  KK 
 Could we change the gas daily intra-month and index to GDM and GDY, rather than GDL and GDX.  Tell me how much trouble that is to change.  IT also made some changes to the physical org region names.  I will have to get you those changes.  Thanks 
