arkets in bandwidth, pulp and paper, coal, and many others. So our newer people still have the chance to do what I did in Canada and help build revolutionary new businesses.  What a lot of people don't realize is how dominant our trading and risk management presence is in Natural Gas and Power.  The opportunities our outstanding and the challenges will test the best minds out there.  These businesses are interesting and very complicated with a million different variables to figure out ranging from the weather to the levels of gas storage in Montana to how to move power from New York to South Caralina.  You can't put gas and power on a truck or store them in a warehouse like other commodities.  Its not like trading bonds, where you sit around and try to figure out what the Fed is going to do.  It has much more complexity, and if you like trying to solve complex problems and your good at it.....get down here! .... we need you!  John's callout quote  Enron's not a place where you can hide.  If you can't get it done you won't fit in.  But if you can, and you work hard, you'll get noticed, you'll excell, you'll get paid, and we're going to love you. 
 I think we should play on Wabamun - assume we are. 
 I was right on the legal question Jeff asked.  Julia was wrong.  She is dropping a note to Skilling. 
 You didn't attach anything. 
 I've been assured about funding before.  I would like to know what Canadian vehicle they are going to use. 
 Dave  What is the status:  Have they seen them.  If they haven't I would to talk to you about it. 
 print this in color. 
 Greg here is our info:  John,Dina and Michael Lavorato 6437 Mercer 77005 Phone Home 713-661-6096 Work 713-853-7991 
 Chris  I just get Greg's reports on the intranet page. You don't have to e-mail me. 
 What type of industrial.  ie Chemical, Fertilizer etc. 
 Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.  Please make review and if you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Ed  This stuff looks good.  Why don't you combine all your stuff, maybe include the org chart also and see if we can get a 3 or 4 page report.  Send it to me and I'll run if by Dave. 
 John  I asked about loss limits a couple months ago and Ted said that they no longer report these numbers to the board. However, I think we should get rid of the whole concept.  VAR is the relevant concept.  Please advise. 
 I am not on side with a contract for Per.  Please give me a call. 
 i'm ok with this Brad McSherry|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 12:48 pm:  John,  Hunter Shively needs Doyle Baughman to monitor the construction of a pipeline in the U.S.  Doyle has done this for us in the past.  The terms of the agreement are as follows:  1st month $10,000 + expenses 2nd+ months $  9,000 + expenses  Hunter anticipates that we will use Doyle for several months.  We can terminate our agreement at anytime.  Regards, Brad 
 Telephone:  713-853-7991 Fax:  713-646-3227 Work Addy: 1400 Smith Street, EB3322 Email:  lavorato@enron.com Assistant: Kim Hillis - 713-853-0681/EB3324  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.  Thanks  Kim Hillis   Rachael Adams @ ECT                07/31/2000 04:00 AM 
 Rachael,  Could you also send me yours and Drew's information?  Thanks  Kim   Rachael Adams @ ECT                07/31/2000 04:00 AM 
 Thanks Dave  Hope everything is well in London.  Lavo 
 You can call Sherrif. If you need my help let me know. 
 Put a rush on the Fletcher Challenge 7 year deal.  We just signed a master with them.  In addition, I originally put last day in the book and it should be last 3 days. 
 Let's leave it for now.  John 
 Natural Gas Risk Management requests and increase to 45 Million from 40 Million  to increase our gas fixed price position (long) until Tuesday morning (August 8th).  Thanks  John 
 This looks good.  Don't worry I will definately call if I want something. 
 No storms in sight. 
 Thomas,  Please do not email this to John.  I believe that I have been receiving a copy of this from Gabriel in the morning with the other gas information.  In the event that this is an update or different information, always direct it to my email address.  Thank you for all and call me if you have any questions.  Kim Hillis x30681    Enron Energy Services 
 So do we have emmisions. 
 Brian  Sorry I didn't get back quickly.  You need to tell me what the premium translates into from a dayrate perspective.  In addition, I thought you were going to write an outline of what they would try to do in the next little while. (ie how much one way exposure)  This way I don't have to get involved in every deal until they prove to me that is big enough to allocate a risk manager to the market. 
 Sorry  -  A hurricane off Africa - I think you will have a good tail wind when you are leaving.  Lavo 
 Julie please call me. 
 Andre,  I gave John the Round 5 information and told him the time restraints.  Please let me know if you need anything further.  Kim 
 Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule. 
 Thanks for the update and keep up the good work. 
 EES is trading them up.  Give me a call. 
 Fine. 
 I think Shankman wants me to go to this.  If this is true please put it on my schedule. 
 Kevin  Is this the guy you are interviewing. 
 I haven't seen an e-mail. 
 Make sure this is on my schedule. 
 Same a mid year  I'm smarter than everyone else.  Just in Case  *  Managed a Trading group that is up 2 Billion (more if you included hits taken) - probably not due to me. *  Left a lot of money in Canada - some is still there. *  Led the PPA deal - which I will resign and buy personally if you want to turn it back. *  Created the Gas Fundamentals Group which every business unit is copying. * Came up with LTP which everybody hates but will fix our trader shortage in the future and every company is copying. *  Trained many great young kids in Calgary that are now key players in Houston. *  Created structure and communication around our system strategy - brought traders, IT, and back office together to create a plan that everyone has bought into.  The future success is unclear but the exercise was very worthwhile. *  Had very few VAR violations and helped improve our understanding and reporting of VAR.  Completed mended the relationship between gas trading and the risk group. *  Should get most credit for the increase in power trades on EOL and the continuation of the increase in Gas. *  Turned the East Power group into a focused trading group not a think tank that bets on July-Aug power price - Still nowhere near completion. *  Put a halt on the hiring of unqualified people - Have spent many hours devising a plan to bring in qualified - experience people.  You will see this implemented in 2001. *  Experimented with the "Pay PRC"  which I think was very successful.  I think this will start our organization to think a little differently and hopefully in a way that will benefit us. *  Possibly the best accomplishment is "Killing the Dragon".  I'm glad you made me write this list down because for the first time in months I realized that I was smiling while I was writing.  Regards  John 
 Hey Greg.  If you ever are in Houston again give me a call.  I want to talk to you about the order stuff in the second version of EOL. 
 We can adjust the salary if he get promoted.  Leave it for now. 
 I can't seem to print this.  Can you try. 
 Please give me a call this week I need some info. 
 David  When you get back, hopefully in one peice.  Can you take care of my moving expenses and the gross up issue. 
 Thought you would find this funny. 
 I wonder if we should give a special pay to Kim and Kay almost as an overtime payment.  They both work about 12 hours a day.  John 
 Thanks for the increased VAR.  We got it right this time. 
 Rick  I would like to request an extension of the 45 million limit until Friday. We like gas and we would like to maximize this move. 
 The PPA auction is going along well I think.  We are leading on Sundance B and have been for 3 rounds now.  Some weird things are occuring so it is too early to tell what will utimately happen.  The government has said that it will move to the third and final stage of the auction in the morning.  We would be estatic if people continue to leave us alone on Sundance B. Currently we are bid  $112,000,000 Canadian and a swap price of 33.5 CAD. But again its too early to get our hopes up. 
 Does this mean that we have no VAR limit during this time. 
 We should be getting gas fax. 
 Dave  I don't think I can follow up with 90 people.  Please advise me if I should be handling this or your group is hadling.  John 
 That's great.  Please don't let Len delay. 
 I wonder with Joe Sutton gone if they can cancel the worldwide Analyst and Associate PRC.  It take a lot of time away from our people and we are ranking them ourselves anyway.  John 
 Joe  Thanks for taking the time to meet with the Canadian ministers.  If you would like me to be present when they come to Houston please let me know.  John Lavorato 
 Dave  Is there a round 2 of raptor and is Beau Canada going into it. 
 Veronica,  In the future, please send this information to me so that I can print it off and make sure that it gets signed.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Just to be clear.  There will be no re-allocations of analysts and associates from ENA to Global Products. 
 Please call me at x30681 prior to installation.  Kim 
 Thank you Donnie.  I was having server problems yesturday so you did the right thing!  Thanks again and have a wonderful day.  Kim 
 What have you been smoking. 
 Make sure we don't lose these two to Jeff.  Call Celeste and tell them that we have place them in gas. 
 I talked to Whalley about it a little bit.  The one issue is that when we liquidate a bad position they get out first.  Think about it. 
 Mark  We can make this even simpler.  All broker trades are confirmed the next day.  We would only need to record trader deals when they deal direct which is rare and all marketer deals.  If we do this we might consider keeping the tapes for a longer period because only the confirming part would be on tape.  Please advise. 
 I really think we can do this more systematically.  Give me a little time. ie.  Trust me I'm the Godfather. 
 Dave  I hate to make the management committee too big but how about Scott Tholen. He is very high quality. 
 Can you please help Greg get this info.  I have to think that we have this info somewhere. 
 Jessica,  I have resent the information to you with the requested signatures.  Could you please provide me with the exact address so that I can send this overnight to your attention.  Thank you  Kim Hillis assistant to John Lavorato 713-853-0681 kimberly.hillis@enron.com 
 A couple questions.  Do I need to do anything next Wednesday or will money just hit my accout?  Will you pay the contractor and if so why is Len Wong involved?  John 
 Chris ask Dave he is still the king of your world in my mind. 
 I need to do my reviews before I go to Hawaii.  Please write out instructions on how I can do them on the computer. 
 Tim  Given the tight schedule, lets try to find a half and hour for me to sit in front of all of the traders at once.  John 
 OK  I think 3 days a year is fair. 
 Per  I misplaced your emain on the funds.  Can you resend it please.  Thanks John 
 Beth  I'm wondering if you are done are close on the systems plan.  I am getting on a plane early monday afternoon.  I would love something to review even if it is not complete.  Thanks  John 
 Get Chris Abel on my schedule early Monday. Also can you make sure that I have a computer set up for me in Portland and Calgary and that it gets me into my network.  I especially need to be able to get into the executive reports. 
 Dave  We need to think about trying to get more VAR for the gas floor before all these other commodities go to the Board and scare the hell out of them.  I have several reasons for this so lets discuss.  Lavo 
 10 Million - Pan Nat gas purchase from Duke - Contract allows for price determination.  10 Million - Tolls Risk associated with PGT transport that expires in 2023.  10 Million  - Index Risk at Chicago as a result of the Peoples transaction  I'll call you later today. 
 We won a PPA in Alberta.  We will know for sure on Thursday when the government declares the auctin a success or not.  It is highly like that it will be a success.  Please direct all detailed questions through Derek Davies in Canada (403-974-6793) 
 XXXX XXX 
 Eric  Can you re submit me the utilities in Alberta including gas. 
 Given our current views of the natural gas markets, we are requesting an increase in our VAR limits from 40 million to 45 million until next Tuesday.  John 
 If this is OK with you its OK with me. 
 Paul  The fellow in Andea Reed's group is all yours.  P.S.  How is our trade coming along. 
 Phillip Allen will put 50 Million in Schedule C reserve on August 23rd and Mike Grigsby and Kieth Holst will put 25 Million each on August 24th. 
 Change Holst and Grigsby to 35 Million and 35 Million. 
 I am writing to inform you that John Lavorato has left for vacation however should be checking emails throughout the next week.  If you believe this matter requires his immediate response, please call and let me know or leave John a voicemail.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Help 
 Dave  Try to make sure that my assigned guys get significant roles.  Make sure they are interviewing on campus.  PS  Herdon is a director not VP 
 That's fine by me. 
 Your killing me.  Lavo.  I'm going to start calling you Delainey. 
 I think I know what this E-mail is about. 
 Looks good to me.  John Lavorato 
 I would like to see the resumes. 
 Should the cap affect the marginal price of power in Ontario.  Lavo 
 This e-mail is kind of funny. 
 Can I please see the resumes. 
 I keep hearing that Mcsherry is gone yet his xxxxxx name keeps coming up.  Lavo 
 The commercial support people that you and Hunter want to make commercial managers. 
 I'm in Vegas this weekend, want to come.  P.S.  We should play soon I have averaged 94 in my last 5 rounds. 
 Good Job! 
 John, I thought I would send you a note to outline our conversation re. David Redmond.  Dave will return to the London office in late May.  In late February we will pinpoint the group/job that will best suit Dave and Enron. All  efforts will be made to get Dave an option trading related position.  Regards   John Lavorato 
 i'm in 
 Wes  Are we allocating people like research out to the various wholesale groups.  John 
 Fletch  Make sure they also set up the fixed price vs. daily term swaps at Henry the Hub. 
 FYI - see below.  Belden is the King! 
 Looks great.  I think we should have a least 1 or 2 real time traders in Calgary. 
 Dave  As part of the info you should put together I thought it would be good to have the historic head count (for 1-2 years) by month and by level to try to get a sense of how many people we hire.  Might even need the number of hires and fires/resignations.  My thought is to try to figure out how difficult it would be to have a few committees to interview candidates before offers would be made. 
 Beth  Get me that new list as soon a possible.  John 
 Why is Milnthorp doing a U.S. school and I thought I was doing MIT 
 Aslo where all my traders that I assigned. 
 Was Greg onside with this stuff?  Give me a call. 
 This is Ok as per John Lavorato.  Please proceed with giving access to Chris Lambie. 
 Rick  I thought I would give you an update on what I am doing from a systems perspective.  I'm trying to get a systems plan together from Beth.  We simple do not have one.  From there I will coordinate with traders and back office to try to create a plan that everyone can by off on.  My new motto is "Systems will be fixed or people will die".  I will keep you informed.  John 
 Can I also get a copy of his resume. 
 I know you are screwing with me.  If you are not.  NO! 
 Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book until the Board meeting on October 11th. 
 My opinion is that you need a budget.  Lavo 
 Eric the contact names are listed at the bottom of this message.  Please call if you have questions. 
 Just say that I said that you did a great job.  Lavo 
 no 
 Mike  Can you live with the gas position reports.  John 
 Thanks Tim 
 No 
 hi nana its micael 
 No changes 
 No to Nelson and I'm ok with Scott but I would like to hear the figures. 
 Make sure the Benson's of the world who don't read their E-mails read this 
 Please give Mike Grigsby access to the basis position reports and the fixed price position reports for gas. 
 Becky,  Who instructed you to send out this form?  Kim    Enron North America Corp. 
 Let me sit on that because Scott's performance has not been as strong as Hunter and Fletch's. 
 Rick Buy  I'm expecting more details from Bill re. Perry Gas but I'm quite pissed about this.  I will deal with my traders when I have the details.  On the Retail side, I think this is the problem in trying to set up a separate Wholesale trading group in retail which is clearly happening.  This wouldn't of happened it they were trading through us. 
 Call me about this. 
 Peter  Deal with Joe Deffner directly.  I threatened his life if we don't pay them in time. 
 Rob  Can you make sure that the Toronto Office is not blowing their minds on costs. 
 Fine  Do it quickly. 
 Talk to Fletch about progress. 
 Get me info on this. 
 Good job on this. 
 Tim  There is absolutely a spot for John.  Maybe he should give me a call or even come an see me.  Why don't you talk to him and also I would love your thoughts on what the best role for him would be. 
 Can you send the contract to me.  I guess this one went out before me. 
 ok 
 Hoyt   Did you get me response on Martin. 
 I don't but I need a golf shirt.  Just kidding. 
 Tina,  In the future, if you have a message regarding John Lavorato's schedule, could you please send it to me instead of sending it to John.  Also, you did not provide the time, however, Kay Chapman indicated that the meeting will take place at 2:00 p.m.  John is not available at 2:00 p.m.  Thank you  Kim 
 We got it covered.  It was my fault. 
 You should include VP's and also you should make it a little clearer that I don't want to be on the schedule unless they have made a decision. 
 You missed logistics as a rotaion.  Also - Let's leave out where they graduate to.  This might be an issue with the AA program if we say that they are going to re-enter the program. 
 David  I quess this whole Nelson Ferries contract thing started before me.  However, I can't imagine that we can retract on it.  Please advise. 
 noooooo!!!  Gas Var. Gas Var. Futures accounts. 
 Can you type up thank you letters for me.   Dear xxxx  I would like to thank you for your generous donation to The Order of Good Cheer fundraising effort.  Our organization raised over $200,000 for the Enviros Program.  The money was much needed and will allow this wonderful program to continue to improve the lives of young Calgarians who have experienced hardship.  Yours Truly      John Lavorato. 
 Hoyt  The Zufferli stuff seems like it is getting a little confused in Canada. They might need to change his Contract to Canadian language but none of the terms should change including the end date except for his agreed upon Canadian $ pay. 
 So I guess Dave doesn't want to send this out. 
 I hope the data on these performance reviews is wrong.  I think we need 100% of reviews done.  Do you agree. 
 Yes Call me. 
 Colleen  I have no idea what my intent is.  I was trying to get more info so that I could evaulate things.  This may mean that I do nothing from a valuation perspective. 
 Get on my schedule. 
 Just wondering if I am going to take the same fate as Keith. 
 Kim  Have you called Nigel and told him about the interviews. 
 Set up a quick 15 minute meeting with Lon and Laura Scott with respect to the income statement.  On Tuesday. 
 Greg  Thanks for taking the time to interview Nigel.  If you like him please sell him hard on 
 I having second thoughts about raising South American limits.  If its not too late and if I have a vote give me a call. 
 Did you get me the performance review forms. 
 Beth  Can you get me an updated list of projects by October 9th. 
 Can we put something into our trading system where it would stop us from entering a counterparty in if we were full on credit.  This could help the communication problem that currently exists on companies like Perry Gas. Please advise. 
 I know that you'll give me hell for this but I'm out of town for my Sister-in-Law's wedding that weekend.  John. 
 I guess I'll let this one slip through.  Lavo 
 Charlene  Just a comment.  I would love to facilitate a couple decision meetings when I'm in town. 
 Liz,  Let me know when they send out the web address and I will make sure that John fills out the forms.  k 
 Angela.  Please move the reviews that I did to a directory that cannot be accessed by anyone but you. 
 I not sure I know who David Jallits is, 
 I hope you are talking to Phillip to get you system needs as part of this project. 
 I guess we will just go without a contract. 
 Bill  Scott Neal talked to someone who said that we could do this. Please call Scott. 
 I thought you hated getting involved.  Just kidding. Congrats.  Lavo 
 I'm sensing that you don't have much to do during the day.  I'm thinking about inviting Mark Waldren down at the same time.  Please advise. 
 This is what I mean aout miscommunication. 
 If you bring Dina some cheesey (spelling) 80's movie on DVD like "16 Candles" she would be in heaven.  We got a crazy cold spell last week but it should be gone when you come.  In case you guys want to go to a nice place to eat you might want to bring some casual pants but for the most part jeans should be fine. 
 I'm okay with this. 
 I do not run EES trading.  I would contact Marty Sunde with respect to big costs that EES wants to spend.  Marty runs EES North America.  I agree with you however that they should't go crazy on spending. 
 Louise.  I would love to come but I'm on holiday.  I do have some thoughts and would love to share them with you. 
 Saturday 10 my course.  Sunday 8 Tour 18.  Friday - Working you. 
 Every golf course in Houston has a golf tournament next friday.  What do you think about mini-putt. 
 James might have a chance in putt-putt. 
 I would be happy to do a phone interview with this guy.  But I won't pay for him to fly down. 
 Call me on this I am a little confused. 
 This crazy.  Sooner or later they will win.  We need to do something radical to make them realize they are insane.  I don't know what that is. 
 So I'm working some magic for Friday.  I think we are going to play a private men only club for free (except for caddie fees).  I figure the downside is that we get pummled and left for dead.  I'll let you know. 
 Set  me up on this. 
 Peter, I never said I would incur any costs. 
 Correction I never suggested this. 
 6437 Mercer St  In West University.  2 1/2 blocks from University Avevue between University Avenue and Holcombe.  713-661-6096. 
 Ted  Call me.  I told Charlene that I would do a super saturday and be a moderator for the decision process.  I forgot which one.  Helllllpppp. 
 I think he reports to Jeff Shankman.  I forwarded you e-mail to Jeff.  Let me know. 
 John  I'm out of town at a wedding that weekend but thanks for the invite. 
 Kevin Presto is on it. 
 Thanks I'll take care of it. 
 Book the  Cenral Trasport Deals and give me a report every month.  The new format looks fine.  John 
 Reminder, John will be flying to the  Portland Office. and Milly in in Toronto    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Why are you congradulating me, I work for Delainey. 
 No problem bensen 
 I think everybody is scared of us. 
 no interest 
 I think we are making great progress on the systems side.  I would like to set a deadline of November 10th to have a plan on all North American projects (I'm ok if fundementals groups are excluded) that is signed off on by commercial, Sally's world, and Beth's world.  When I say signed off I mean that I want signitures on a piece of paper that everyone is onside with the plan for each project.  If you don't agree don't sign. If certain projects (ie. the gas plan) are not done yet then lay out a timeframe that the plan will be complete.  I want much more in the way of specifics about objectives and timeframe.  Thanks for everyone's hard work on this.  John 
 Bob  I talked to Kevin about these two guys and he feels they are critical to our business.  Broadband has taken 5 guys out of East Power and left us short.  Sorry 
 We should get 9 Million of Prudency tonight. 
 Sounds great. 
 What if they have there current postions but bigger getting them to their limits.  What would the agg var be. 
 Apparently not eh. 
 I've never heard of them. Sorry. 
 I'm sorry but I think its my only child syndrome. 
 Kevin  I know its tough but your groups need to be involved in recruiting as much as possible to keep uplifting the talent in your group. 
 As requested. 
 don't you love the ok method of communicating. 
 John Lavorato  Joined Enron in August 93 as an Associate.  Moved to Calgary and built Canadian business.  Made President of Canada in Early 99.  Moved back to Houston Early in 2000 to run North American Trading.  Named COO Enron North America in August.  Undergrad in Canada - University of Western Ontario.  MBA - Northwestern.  CFA.  If You need anything else give me a call  John 
 It's strarting. 
 Dave is going to call you. 
 John  If you get a chance give me a call I would like to talk about this product. 
 Working you 
 What's a dealerboard. 
 John Lavorato  Amex 371385129301004 Exp 06/03  Dave Delainey Rob Milnthorp Barry Tycholiz   Book us 3 rooms and make sure that we can have 2 beds in one of the rooms.  Thanks  John 
 ocean view 
 Sticking to Motocross eh. 
 I have a meeting tomorrow.  Can you tell me what total power demand in in the East and the West and what Enron's volumes are. 
 The two cheap guys -  Tycholiz and Lavorato  Change Milnthorp to Calger. 
 Yes  6437 Mercer St. Houston Tx 77005  P.S.  I hate golf. 
 I didn't think that you ever officially reported to me.  Let me know.  I didn't think I needed to do your review. 
 Can you get me his undergrad grades. 
 So your overrulling me again. 
 Sarah I trust you.  Just tell her what we need. 
 Enjoy 
 This person seems confused.  Please advise. 
 Chris,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Jacob Thomas  VP Frank Vickers  Director David Parquet  VP Michael McDonald VP Douglas Dyer  Director Jeffrey Shields  Director Terry Donovan  Manager Jeffton Slaughter Director Mark Fillinger  Director David Kates  Manager James Gilbert  Director David Fuller  Manager Ron Coker  Manager Jonalan Page  Director Laura Wente  Manager Elliot Mainzer  Manager Michael Etringer Manager James Buerkle  Manager Todd Perry  Manager Saji John  Manager Stephen Thome Manager Paul Choi  Manager 
 Tim,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Michael Swerzbin VP Sean Crandall  VP Mark Fischer  Manager Matthew Motley  Manager Timothy Heizenrader Director Thomas Alonso  Manager John Forney  Manager Holli Krebs  Director Christopher Foster Director Jeffrey Richter  Manager Gregory Wolfe  VP Diana Scholtes  Manager Robert Badeer  Manager Kimberly Ward  Manager John Malowney  Manager Stewart Rosman Director David Ellis  Manager 
 Rob,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Derek Davies  Director Barry Tycholiz  Director Paul Devries  Director Jeff Borg  Director Eric Le Dain  Director Cyntia Di Stefano Manager Kyle Kitagawa  VP Duncan Croasdale Manager William Greenizan Manager Dean Drodziak  Manager Howard Sangwine Manager Garrett Tripp  Manager Jan Wilson  Manager 
 Max,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you.  They are Steven Irvin, Manager and Matthew Duffy, Manager.  Could you please respond to this email and confirm this information.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681 
 Just keep pushing forward.  We'll figure this out as we go.  Lavo 
 I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.  Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 let's talk in person 
 Do you think Janet wants to apply. 
 Janet  Call me. 
 Kyle is working on the PPA.  However, Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty (in otherwords that it is truly non recourse) we are not interested.  Let me know if we are missing something. 
 If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator" 
 Congrats  John 
 Give me a call.  These look fine I just have a few questions. 
 I'll spend 30 minutes myself. 
 Set up an interview with me. 
 Andy,  I show he is to attend.  Please let me know if there is anyone further that you would like to attend.  k 
 Jeff  My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive viewer.  Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer. 
 Use Paul Devries in the Toronto office. 
 I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader for a while.  I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader in Canada.  Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done.  John 
 Football bets 200 each  Minn -9.5 Buff +2.5 Phil -7 Indi -4.5 Cinnci +7 Det +6 clev +16 Den +9.5 Dall +7.5 Jack +3.5 
 Sounds good. 
 250 per  New England +6 Over 37 1/2 NE/DET Minn -7 1/2 Buff +3 1/2 Miami +5 1/2 Phil +6 1/2 Clev +16 Chic +7 Oak +11 Jack +3 1/2 Den -3 KC -2 Giants/Ariz over 38  Current 3730 
 I think I sold it.  Sorry 
 Kevin  Give me a call on this one. 
 Mike  Thanks for the info. 
 Billy What has this recent rally done to our exposures.  CNR must be huge.  Lavo 
 Action Items.  It looks like my calender is not Mountain time again. Please fix.  Set up meeting on Monday.  15 Minutes - Grant Oh  30 Minutes - Andre  30 Minutes - Bill 
 Stinson  The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up. Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day.  So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day. Please change that if you can.  John 
 That's cheap 
 Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years.  Canada used to do this for me. 
 l.a. but I'll kill it.  1 went 6-4 with two pushes.  up 400 makes a balance of 4130. 
 Mike  The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the spreadsheet data.  The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your presentation shows almost that many every month.  Same comment for the gas side. 
 Please reset my password.  My SAP P# is P00509247. 
 15500 
 A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard to the new Trading Track program.  The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  If you have a conflict, please contact Kim Hillis at x30681. 
 Beth  Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and leave lots of time for everyone to grill you (I mean ask questions). 
 Derek Davies 
 Also Tuesday, Kyle and Eric 1/2 hour. 
 Yes dear 
 Isn't this our world.  John 
 I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an upscale place that caters to young children. 
 mid to late feb and 7 days 
 Ken  I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats.  My family and I had a wonderful time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Close  Monthly Basis Swap Daily Basis Swap Daily for Monthly Index Swap Fixed Price Physical Physical Index Fixed Price Swap 
 no attachment 
 Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend.  I posted it at 15500. 
 Greg  Have a great time with the $100 Million Club  Lavo and Dave 
 Have we rented our office space yet. 
 Fred  Can you please take care of this.  John 
 Seems like a fair trade  Lavo. 
 Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,  John 
 Dave give me a call. Some of the data looks odd.  Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included.  John 
 Rich  Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't perform very well.  I think we are going to have to pass on him.  Thanks for the cooperation. 
 No  I think Forster has me covered.  Lavo 
 My vote is to kill it. 
 Chris  Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA, 
 Julie  I'm looking into this. 
 Mark  Still waiting for my car keys.  In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household.  Lavo 
 Milly it looks like your head of parking and you may need to lease our office space too. 
 Bruce  I had quite a crazy week.  Give me a call the next time you are in town or if you are still in town.  I would love to get together.  John 
 Kevin  Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something. 
 Dave  I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report.  Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the futures trades.  Thanks 
 Kim  Did you ever get hold of my accountant? 
 http://ersys.corp.enron.com/dpr/index.asp  http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 Giants +6 Carolina +7 1/2 Cinci -4 Denver +1 1/2 Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2 Seattle Pickm Phil +3 SF -2 1/2 Indi-jets over 44 Jack -14 1/2  All 250  I have the balance at work. 
 green bay and chic under 39 
 Shiela,  Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreciate it.  Also, could you please add me to your distribution list?  Thank you for all your efforts.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 current 6300  over 39 1/2 400 
 that was for chiefs and newengland.  just to be clear. 
 Angela  Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week. 
 Rob, that's good information, keep digging. 
 ssss 
 Tammy  Come and see me first thing.  The gas section is way long and complicated. 
 I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas.  Prices have exploded and I'm working on it. 
 I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year end in conjunction with the PRC process. 
 Mario 
 minn +3 1/2 jack -16 1/2 tenn-cinnci under35 gb-det under 39 1/2 tb +2 1/2 new england +2 1/2 pitt +3 1/2 phil-clev under 33 1/2 seattle +10 jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease  as discussed. 
 Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.  Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set  up a conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon.  Also, did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered. 
 Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week. Also, what happen to Manu. 
 Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I want to distribute them to me head traders. 
 Dan  I'm leaving for a couple of weeks.  I'll get you my computer when I come back.  John 
 vp ranking - call if I missed anyone.  Allen - Superior Arnold - Strong Presto - Excellent Wolfe - Strong Lagrasta - Strong Baughman  - Strong Shively - Superior Sturm - Superior Neal - Excellent Martin- Excellent Schweiger - Excellent Belden - Superior Swerzman- Superior 
 Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him. I need this for tomorrow. 
 I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company  by 8:00 AM tommorrow morning. 
 Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work,  John  Tuesday may work -  check with Kim Hilis. 
 NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th.  Please send me an  email when we receive it.  Thanks  John 
 Dave  I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal.  He has Per on the road working on it.  We probable should tell him that we don't have anymore unless New Albany is enough. 
 Book this deal very conservatively.  ie.  set the curve so you pay credit reserve but show no income.  We will discuss in 2001.  John 
 That would be outsanding. 
 Charlene  My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well with the current strategic direction of Enron (Although I'm sure they are very high quality individuals).  If its not too late, I wonder if we should slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire. I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on International business.  Regards  John 
 Wes  Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA (American Gas Association).  The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us.  But I wonder if some of our other piplelines are members. 
 Bill.  I've taken a look at your resume and pulled your internal reviews.  We have decided to go another route.  Sorry.  I'll be in Houston for the next three weeks if you want to talk to me.  John. 
 Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the National Bank in Monteal. 
 Anthony  Thanks for the email, however, that was the last thing that I received.  I think some credit intermediation would be helpful. 
 Print all these resumes for me. 
 Kim  Please print all these resumes for me. 
 Can't seem to find this.  John 
 Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader. 
 sounds good tim 
 We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions. We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length. 
 I have no interest in this person.  John 
 The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis. 
 I don't know him that well, however, I don't think he is a superstar.  Rob Milnthorp in Calgary might have a better read. 
 Kim  Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me. 
 I have no interest in these two employees. 
 Tim  If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this topic.  John 
 I take it back, I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting this done with them.  This is a great first step in our ultimate goal. 
 For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.  Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly.  Thanks  John' 
 Through the course of the year 22 people have been identified by east power as the key to their real time group.  No request will be granted on an emergency basis but will go through the usual process of getting facts and checking with me.  Another thing is that I don't know why we are not doing these things in conjunction with PRC so late in the year. 
 I thought I was very clear that we are not publishing anything internally about California gas prices. 
 The pain will stop soon. 
 I wanted to thank you guys for all your support over the last painful week. Although I am definately not getting brave, I would like to request an extra 15 Million for gas for the next week.  The price levels are making it hard to eliminate risk.  I can give you my assurance that any increase in VAR day to day will come from price movement, not increase in position.  Let me know  John 
 Thanks 
 Your the King. 
 Despite my veto eBiz decided to publish something on California energy prices.  I think Palmer overrulled me.  He said that the article was harmless but I still think it is stupid for us to be writing articles about this.  John 
 You goated me into it,  Here goes  400/per  Minn -8 New Orleans -10 Denver -3 Denver-KC under 48 Jack -10 Clev +16 Chic +6 1/2 Indi-Mia under 42 Balt -15   John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me. I'm very serious about covering you when your out in January.  I would like to get a sense of what its like dealing with your EOL madness.  Let me know.  Lavo 
 Jeff  Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million. 
 Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts. 
 Kevin  Can you get our new reports- ie. off peak prices and positions and heat rates put on the executive viewer.  Thanks  Lavo 
 Mark  Can you tell me if this is a legal document.  This is personal so only if you have 2 free minutes.  Thanks John 
 giants -7 giants - dallas minus 37  both 400 
 Kim  Can you print these in color. 
 Can we take one of your wonderchildren in fundementals and let them spend 1-2 hours a day on VAR.  If yes, talk to Frank. 
 I'm a bachelor next week and would love to go to dinner.  Anywhere you want. John 
 No interest 
 Does EES still get to buy PC's for their employees' spouses.  I guess we are paying for that too. 
 Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter.  Glad we could help. 
 Stinson  Thanks  P.S.  At the end of the term of each simulation do we assume that we close the position on that date and take a hit or do we leave the simulation with an open positon. 
 Kim  Can you print me two copies in color.  John 
 Lets grap 5 minutes on this  John 
 These assumptions are correct for now. 
 Per  Give me a call in January on this.  John  P.S.  Happy Holidays. 
 FYI 
 Try to grab me today on this stuff.  John 
 Dave  Should we invite Presto and Beldon to this meeting.  I think so. 
 Sally  We need to talk about the 26th. 
 Rick  Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th. 
 Please Print. 
 Patience is a virtue.  East Power has hire several traders in a rush.  There down in aggregate 15 Million.  I have a very qualified individual coming in to interview in early January. I will put you on the schedule.  Merry Christmas  John 
 john   I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.  bills +3 250 denver -7 250 jack +3 1/2 250 
 rams -3.5 wash -7 raiders -9 1/2 balt -5 bears lions over 37 eagles bengals under 35 1/2 pats +4 vikings +5.5 
 those were all 250 
 hey guys  I know my limit goes done on Wednesday night.  I saw some memo a while ago that said it goes to 70 until Jan 2 and then 60.  Is this correct or does is go to 60 immediately.  John 
 Wednesday at Rainbow lodge.  Can you book it and let me know. 
 thanks h 
 I would like to do a phone interview and then I will bring him in if I like him.  Send me a resume and then I'll set him up. 
 i talked to him last week and we are going to schedule something for next week. 
 its sounds like cats are no longer sleeping with dogs and the world is starting to make sense again. 
 How's that for VAR management.  Lavo 
 I'm working on it. 
 john arnold if fixing 
 Jane  I finished my reseme and most of the form you gave me.  The only thing I'm currently missing is the copy of the passports for my wife and child. Give me a call on Monday. 
 tease colts +4 under 48 250  tease colts +4 over 36 250  tease miami +8 under 48 250  tease miami +8 over 36 250   st louis minus 6 1/2 250 
 Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday. I was robbed  Denver +3 350 Phili +3 350 
 Fred  First of all I'm going to kill you.  Belfor asked me to advise him on his portfolio.  I'll do it once.  I have a call with him on Tuesday at 2:00.  Can you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us.  Regards  John  P.S.  I'll never call one of your customers again. 
 current including tb -500 equals 4170 
 When you sober up give me a call. 
 Can send me Tim's home adress and wife's name. 
 Comp 
 Janet  Communication is always a problem around here.  I have no problem with you having access to all pricing reports and origination schedules. 
 Do we need to talk about VP and MD nominations. 
 Probably a fraud get the id #'s!  k 
 Tim  I assume you know that you have to make a presentation at the offsite.  Can you send me a copy by Monday.  If not let me know.  Thanks John 
 Charlene,  Thank you for the invitiation, however, I wanted to let you know that John is currently scheduled to be out of the country on January 11.  I have added it to his schedule incase his plans change.  Kim 
 yes  I have a time on Sunday and the rates are down to 95 at the Houstonian.  Let me know. 
 Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096 
 Kori  I figured you were bored so I did a Cole trade. 
 Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of the 2001 DPR. 
 Greg  Don't forget to ask some option questions. 
 current 4570  minn -8 1/2 oakland -9 tease minn-2 1/2 over 43 1/2  all 200 
 current 5170  tenn -6 200 ny -4 200 
 i didn't see 80 million of p/l on Friday. Did we book the deal? 
 I will not accept Amerex having the ability to execute over the phone.  Take this out of the deal or kill the deal.  John 
 Jim  This information on Ontario nukes is similar to our information. The only difference is that our regulatory lawyer feels that only one of the four Pickering units (500 mw each) would come back in 2001 (although optimistic) followed by one each year after that.  Your report says that all Pickering units would come back in 2001.  Even in your report, however, they seem doubtful that this is realistic.  The Bruce Units (3000 mw) appear to be dead for a long time if not for good.  Regards,  John  P.S.  I'll call you soon on are project, currently on hold until 2001 if we decide to build in Ontario. 
 Kevin  I assume you know that you need a presentation for next week's offsite.  Can I see a copy ahead of time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Rob  Give me a call sometime about this trade. 
 I have no interest.  Thanks 
 I want all the extra VAR you can give me for the next few weeks.  Please let me know if and how much that is.  Regards  John 
 I'm a strong yes on these issues. 
 So I didn't violate yesterday. 
 Bob keeps trying to stack and roll his date for leaving.  Don't let him.  John 
 Mike  I'm coming down this week.  We'll talk about it then.  John 
 At some point when you less busy, I would like you to look into one of the Compressor service deals. 
 John said yes - call me if you have questions.  k 
 Please move the names_jlavora.nsf and jorunal_jlavora.nsf files to the appropriate locations on his mail server (nahou-lnmai16).  You can either hit me on the Nextel (56517)  or page me (713-327-9348) when this is ready, so I can complete his iPAQ installation.  Thanks -Mike Hernandez 
 Dave  I'm thinking of hiring Kim Hillis.  I would like your opinion.  Lavo  713-853-7991 
 yes  I will follow up.  Lavo 
 Quick someone call Owen. 
 I'm getting closer.  Can you resend me the initial memo. 
 I just read this email now.  It might be too late. 
 current 5110 big one coming on the superbowl. 
 check with Oxley 
 Good Job  Does EES have any exposure.    William S Bradford@ECT 01/17/2001 08:11 AM 
 Add Wes to these notes.  Thanks John 
 Kelly  Unfortunately Enron moved me to Houston.  I will not be able to participate in Enviros this year.  Regards  John Lavorato 
 Emmisions Trading will go from Kevin Presto  (Greg Wolfe) to George McClellan under the following  conditions.  1 -  Volumes will not fall.  In fact they will increase.  2 - Wolfe will retain 1 Million of the 3 Million VAR for six months and then East Power will have no Emmisions Positions,  3 -  Janel Guerrero (middle marketer) will follow the book to coal.  4 - East Power and Coal will get together and (hopefully) agree on a transfer pricing mechanism for existing positions if there are any that Greg is not keeping.  Give me a call if there are any issues. 
 I've got my financing covered.  Cash and Enron.  However I did enjoy the e-mail.  Regards  Lavo 
 If we post Canada Power, post Canada Gas. 
 It's fine.  We don't need to meet. 
 Contact Rob Milnthorp and tell him that I strongly recommend that he give a donation.  Also, Rob might be a great addition to your team.  John 
 This is what we executed yesterday, 
 That's why we love you. 
 Vlady  Don't change correlations until we discuss.  Lavo 
 Is there anything in my current role that I won't have to champion. 
 Billy  We need to hedge funds. 
 Orlando  On Ed Graham.  I pushed the issue with Cliff and Kevin Hannon.  Kevin, Cliff and Jeff Donanue (current head of M&A for Broadband) met on the issue after I talked to them.  They have decided to give him 6 months to perform or he will be let go.  His bonus for 2000 will be 0.  I know you wanted a different outcome but this is the best I could do.  John 
 Mike,  Tonight John and I are going to be migrated to Outlook.  Please note that John has a laptop computer that is at his home.  I have spoken with Randy about this and he is to be following up with you.  I would like for you to accompany Greg out to the Lavorato home to complete the migration on to his computer.  Also, please note that I gave my and John's passwords to a lady that stopped by my desk today (she is with the migration group).  Could you please confirm for me tomorrow that they have been shreaded.  Thanks  k 
 Were not hiring him 
 The reason I called you today is to tell you that I noticed your EOL performance.  Not bad for a cunuck. 
 Shank  It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation.  Can you talk to him,  Thanks Lavo  P.S.  Great job of minimizing the p/l hit late last week. 
 Howard  Can you remove me from this distribution list - my life is a little complicated. 
 1.  I didn't know much about ag products but Ted Murphy is trying to include me in the loop.  2. Chris Calger says that he has aggregated his CPI positions for the west. Can check if Dave Duran has done this for the east and try to aggregate the position.  If you need help let me know.  John 
 Tim  Can you get someone (perhaps a marketer) to give me a one pager on the WAPA deal. 
 Mark  Send me an e-mail decribing how the quote process went.  If you need my help let me know. 
 Angela.  How is Thursday the 16th of May.  Call me John. 713-853-7991 
 Yes Thursday may 18th. 
 Chris,  I'll figure this out,  Please stop sending me this email. 
 I just sent an email to Chris telling him to stop sending me this email.  I guess he needs to send it. 
 GOOD 
 I think the list is OK.  Can you fedex me one of the deal entry books. 
 Ignore Shankman - I think that was a bit of joke. 
 THIS IS NO JOKE PLEASE SENDTHIS TO ALL OF CALGARY.  THANKS ANGELA   TODAY IS NATIONAL FUN DAY AT WORK (so get to work!)  THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK!   JOHN LAVORATO 
 aPPROVED 
 Jon  Ignore expenses.  We just split the whole office in half to split the trading and marketing.  You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses. So please ignore them. 
 Approved 
 I assume your working on this.  You owe me on the web page.  1.  Pricing - Lon's sheet.  2. Power Sheets  3. Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet. 
 Milly .  If you're going to sell the warrants yourself. (It sounds like you should if your getting $2 in time value) let me know and I'll call off the equity group. 
 Call me on Beau.  A couple thoughts.  If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees.  Also, remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the credit group. 
 The genco was rolled into the East Trading.  Can we get rid of the Genco on the DPR. 
 Tim  Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L. 
 Mark  Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we deal at the end of last year.  A short summary to supplement the contract would be great.  Thanks  John 
 APPROVED 
 approved 
 Kevin  I agree.  If we ultimately trade out of Toronto, the P/L responsibility will probably role into you.  It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp (Associate) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff.  If he is going, you should meet with him before he goes. 
 Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder. 
 test 
 Hector,  Thank you for the installation, however, do you know who I should contact in regards to the monitors?  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website.  I do not want to get an e-mail everyday.  Thanks 
 Susan,  I have $50 for you from John.  Would you like for me to have it delivered to you or would you like to come by and pick it up?  If you would like it delivered, please let me know what your new EB location is.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681     Susan Skarness @ ECT 05/16/2000 08:06 AM 
