f 400 MW during certain high cost hours, and a demand response for= =20 summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW.  We further estimate= =20 that the market response to this program from all ESPs could be 2 to 3 time= s=20 that amount.  We recommend that the State of California provide rebates=20 directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and=20 control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.  Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market=01*Legislative vehi= cle:=20 SB27X The only customers who were protected from price volatility in San Diego we= re=20 customers who chose Direct Access and signed fixed price deals with energy= =20 service providers.  Ironically, AB1X takes that important option away from= =20 customers and businesses.  It is critical that AB1X be amended to remove th= e=20 prohibition against Direct Access.  Enron's legislative proposal would give customers freedom to enter into a= =20 direct access transaction, while simultaneously addressing the Department o= f=20 Water Resources' concerns about stranded power costs that might result from= =20 customer migration. =20  In addition, California will only achieve a competitive retail market when= =20 the utility is removed completely from the procurement function.  Procureme= nt=20 is not a utility core competency, as evidenced by the dire financial=20 condition in which the utilities now find themselves.  California should=20 therefore begin immediately to phase the utility out of the procurement=20 function entirely, with the goal of having all customers served by a=20 non-utility provider within 36 months.  To execute the transition, Californ= ia=20 should hold a series of competitive solicitations over the 36-month period = in=20 which competing service providers would bid for the right to serve segments= =20 of utility load.  Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency=01*Legislative = vehicle:=20 AB18X Utility bankruptcy will not increase supply and it will not decrease demand= . =20 In short, bankruptcy does nothing to solve California=01,s supply-demand=20 imbalance.  In addition, bankruptcy increases the likelihood that consumers= =20 and businesses will bear the significant financial risks of having Californ= ia=20 State government assume the role of =01&electricity buyer=018 for an extend= ed=20 period of time.  Finally, bankruptcy will undermine both investor confidenc= e=20 in California's energy markets and the private sector's willingness to=20 participate in that market.  California can return the utilities to financial solvency by implementing a= =20 series of staged rate increases.  California should design those rate=20 increases with the dual goal of returning the utilities to solvency without= =20 =01&shocking=018 the economy or household budgets For example, California c= ould=20 amortize the recovery of the utilities=01, past debt over a 5-10 year perio= d. =20 In addition, the magnitude of the rate increase can be reduced in two ways:= =20 First, the utilities could absorb some portion of their existing debt in=20 recognition of the risk they accepted when they agreed to the structure of = AB=20 1890.  Second, California can =01&net=018 the revenues the utilities have r= eceived=20 from selling electricity into the Power Exchange against the debts they hav= e=20 accrued due to the retail price cap. 
 Brenda:  Could you please e-mail me an invitation, the file you sent does not allow you to print.  Although Mr. Lay will not be in the office this day I would like to let him know about Howard Martin's retirement.  Thanks  Tori 
 Michael -  Ken Lay said to tell you this is fine.  Rosalee 
 Ken wanted me to let you know that he has something in Austin the night before and wanted to find out what time the event in Cornell begins.  Rosie 
 Oh, the mis-spell doesn't matter.  Most people call me Rosie, so no one really knows how to spell my name.  Rosie 
 Hi Barbette -  Thank you for the information.  Do you have a list of the directors with home addresses and spouse's names?  Mr. Lay wants us to add them to our database.  I appreciate it.  Rosalee 
 Hi Bijan -  Yes, received it just fine.  Ken has been out of the country since you sent the e-mail.  Rosalee 
 Hi Michael -  Mr. Lay is returning from his trip today.  He will be in the office tomorrow.  Rosalee 
 This worked also.  Rosalee 
 We received it, Sharon.  rosalee 
 I wanted to advise you that Ken has joined another board - nCUBE, Corp. nCUBE is in the video on-demand business.  Blockbuster and Enron have entered into an agreement with nCUBE that it will provide video streaming media appliances, software applications, technology consulting and design for the on-demand service.  Rosie 
 Ken will not be here for the meeting.    Katherine Brown 09/26/2000 11:59 AM 
 Good morning, Michael.  Will there be enough funds to help Sue without Shell's if I wait until Mr. Lay returns on October 3?  I have not been very successful getting faxes through to the ship, so would prefer not to have to bother him with this unless absolutely necessary.  Rosalee 
 Good morning, Joe.  Ken is on a cruise, so is not available, but I did talk to Steve (he is traveling, but said he is trying to get in touch with you). Apparently, everything is still internal.  He said everything is fine, so hopefully, you don't need to be concerned.  Talk to you soon.  Rosie 
 Here it is!!  Have a great day!!  Stay warm. 
 Ken will be out of the office.    Sherri Sera 09/21/2000 02:53 PM 
 Good morning -  I was out during the timeframe that this was sent, but Ken Lay did not give it back to us.  He is traveling now and totally inaccessible (on vacation) during the time of the meeting, so he will not be participating.  Rosalee 
 Hi Calvin - just to let you know that Ken is going to be traveling until 10/3, but I will print this out for him to see.  Rosie 
 Thank you, Rebekah.  This works very well for Ken.  Rosie   Rebekah Rushing @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS                09/19/2000 01:23 PM 
 Gil:  Can you please send Mr. Lay up a hard copy?  We cannot print this.  Thanks - Tori 
 OOps, I can't seem to open it!! 
 Cynthia, Ken said to tell you that he told David Sokol we would probably oppose it.  Rosie    Cynthia Sandherr 09/08/2000 04:49 PM 
 Hi Nancy -  Ken asked me to tell you that you can absolutely use him as a reference.  Hope you are doing just great.  Rosalee 
 Hi Jeff -  Ken asked me to advise you that he will be out of the city on March 21. Thanks for including him.  Rosalee 
 Dr. Lay is unable to participate in the conference. 
 Hi Mr. Ramsay -  In regard to your request for Ken to chair a Forum segment and join the Ministerial dinner, with the Chair of the other Session in May, he said that he would be delighted to participate.  We look forward to receiving additional information after the Governing Board has its meeting.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Lay responded that he is unable to attend.  I know that you already have that message as someone has called, but I wanted to let you know also.  Rosalee Fleming 
 Ms. Peppers, I am very sorry, but I must once again reschedule the appointment that you have with Mr. Lay.  He will be out of town the entire week of September 26.  The first available time to reschedule is October 19, 2000.  Would an afternoon appointment work for you - about 2:00 p.m.?  I look forward to hearing from you.  Rosalee 
 Dear Dean Walker -  Ken Lay asked me to respond to you re:  1). naming the new professorship the Pinkney C. Walker Distinguished Teaching Professorship - this is fine. 2)  He will be pleased to serve as the keynote speaker for the banquet on October 13.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Ken Lay asked me to advise you that he can't do this one, but would consider other dates.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Hines -  To get back with you re: your question about some kind of Futures/Options market in the commercial space market, Ken Lay said that to approach Jeff Skilling about it is absolutely the right approach.  Rosalee 
 Hi Mr. Moore -  I did hear back from Mr. Lay.  Will September 11 at 3:00 p.m. work for you?  I look forward to hearing from you.  Rosalee 
 Dar, are you on-line?  If so, please answer back.  I have questions.  Well, I'll ask them.  Did you get the wedding pics?  me 
 I seem to have three appointments next week:  Tuesday, August 29:  Doctor appointment at 9:40 a.m. (enlightenment)  Wednesday, August 30:  Hair appointment @ 2:00 p.m (beauty)  Thursday, August 31:  Dental appointment @ 2:00 p.m. (ouch)   I plan to return to the office each day, but the dental appointment may take awhile.  Rosie 
 Hi Mr. Yergin -  I just wanted to make sure that you knew that Ken does plan to do this.  He did talk to Governor Knowles.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Amy, you are a treasure!!!  I know you'll be a treasure of a Mom, too!!  But I'll miss you!!  rosie 
 Hi Mr. Lewis -  Ken asked me to send you an e-mail stating that he would be happy to submit your name for consideration to Dick Cheney.  He asked if you would please send him a current bio.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Diane, I will definitely show this to Ken, but he has a Dain Rauscher presentation near the Galleria at 8:00 a.m. that morning, so I know he can't attend.  Rosie 
 Hi Mr. Moore -  I'm sorry that we didn't discuss dates this morning as Mr. Lay is on vacation until September 5.  As that will be his first week back after being out for several weeks, it is already pretty booked up.  I will certainly share this e-mail with him.  Is it possible to update Mr. Lay on the progress of the Committee to Encourage Corporate Philanthropy by e-mail?  Another thought might be to see if our Executive Vice President of Human Resources, Cindy Olson,  would be available to meet with you on August 28 or 29.  Ms. Olson is in charge of Enron's Community Relations Department.  Please advise.  Rosalee 
 Mike, Ken is not attending.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Michelle, this came through just fine.  His address looks perfect.  Rosalee 
 Katherine, Ken will be on vacation, so I don't think he'll be calling in. However, I'll let you know.  Rosie    Katherine Brown 08/15/2000 11:24 AM 
 Mr. Enloe -  Ken Lay asked me to let you know that regrettably he will be in Europe, so unable to attend the dinner.  Rosalee 
 Liz, I don't know how the address shows up when sent, but they tell us it's kenneth.lay@enron.com.  Talk to you soon, I hope.  Rosie 
 Dear Mr. Galvan,  Thank you for your recent letter concerning my support of a new basketball= =20 arena in Downtown Houston.  I believe that the responsibilities of my=20 position at one of the world=01,s leading companies extend far beyond day t= o day=20 business- I take a leading role in the communities where my employees live= =20 and work. =20  I agree that corporate stewardship is essential in our community. At Enron,= =20 we are aware of the underserved populations in our neighborhoods, which is= =20 why each year we give back one percent of our earnings to charitable causes= .=20 As we have grown, so have these donations. Enron=01,s community investments= =20 include supporting programs that promote cultural diversity, educational=20 programming and scholarships, and assisting those struggling to rebuild the= ir=20 lives.=20  Three years ago, Houstonians took the initiative to keep the Houston Astros= =20 in town by passing a baseball stadium referendum that sparked the=20 revitalization of our downtown district. A new downtown basketball arena to= =20 house our hometown Houston Rockets and Comets would amplify our current=20 efforts.=20  Houston has a vibrant, attractive, central business district that is=20 recognized globally.  A basketball arena is of key importance for the=20 continuing revitalization of downtown Houston, for keeping the Rockets and= =20 Comets in town, and for retaining an exceptional workforce in our world cla= ss=20 city. We must not allow our city to lose its competitive advantage on or of= f=20 the court.=20  Enron has more than 6,500 employees who work and live in Houston and we all= =20 take great pride in this city and its success.  We plan to stay in Houston= =20 for a long time, and it is essential that the Houston Rockets and Comets ma= ke=20 Houston their home, too. Downtown now has a new feeling and a new level of= =20 excitement and Houston cannot afford to stop the momentum.  Sincerely,  Ken Lay 
 Michael, I think Monday will be fine.    Enron Energy Services 
 Please confirm the time of the meeting.  Sorry, but I can't remember.  Ken has a 1:00 p.m. back at the office. 
 Michael, in case you need Ken's bio, I am attaching it for your use.  Rosalee     Enron Energy Services 
 Ken Lay wrote:  "Loyal -  I was really disappointed you and Lavonne were not able to make the Rees reunion.  I was looking forward to catching up with both of you.  Our broadband business is doing great.  Just a few days ago, we announced a video-on-demand service we will be providing with Blockbuster.  It has created a lot of interest.  In general, my family is doing very well.  Linda and I now have six grandkids (four new ones since the first of the year) plus Elizabeth's wedding.  Let's stay in touch.  Ken" 
 Hi Jaime -  Thanks for the information about the dinner.  Ken said that he would be flying from Aspen to New York (or Washington, if that's the city).  He said he would very much like to meet with you for 30 - 45 minutes before the dinner for a briefing.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Mr. Christman:  Thank you for your invitation for Dr. Lay to speak at your upcoming forum in France, the format looks wonderful.  Unfortunately, Dr. Lay has calendar conflicts and will be unable to participate.  If you should need further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us.  Tori Wells Executive Assistant 
 Oh, Rob, I'm happy to do so!!  I hope you are on vacation!!  Rosie 
 Hi Rob -  Ken said "If you'll prepare the remarks, I'll be happy to do this".  Rosie    Rob Bradley 07/19/2000 09:51 AM 
 Letter dictated by Ken Lay  Gene:  I appreciated the update on your health status.  It appears you are taking a very tough situation and, with help from some of the best doctors in the world, setting about to turn it around.  I'm sure it goes without saying that you know we are all pulling for you and betting on a positive outcome.  Clearly your health is the number one issue now.  To the extent you want to work and can work, we are delighted to have you back in the office.  But that is a very distant secondary concern until you get everything done about your health that can be done.  If there is any way I or Enron can be of any further help, please let me know.  Ken 
 Dictated letter from Ken Lay  Dear John:  I enjoyed your recent e-mail.  I also appreciate your kind comments concerning our broadband activity.  The deal with Blockbuster has been a great deal of fun and is opening up all kinds of additional opportunities.  I enjoyed looking through the agenda for your meeting in Sweden.  It looks quite informative and interesting.  Sweden is also an excellent place for a summer conference.  The young man you refer to in your letter should send his resume to Celeste Roberts at (713) 853-0555.  If he would also copy me on the letter to Celeste, I would be happy to follow up and make sure it is carefully considered.  I'm delighted that your life appears to be going very well at the current time.  I hope our paths will again cross in Aspen or elsewhere in the not too distant future.  Warm regards,  Ken 
 Ken said "John, this looks fine to me.  Why not send it to George for his consideration".  Rosalee for Ken Lay 
 Hi Mr. Grady -  I did talk to Joe Hillings this morning, who is currently in Philadelphia, and he said that is great for you to attend.  In addition, I did talk to Ken and he said "absolutely", so please plan on it.  Ken and Linda will arrive in Philadelphia tomorrow night.  See you in September.  Rosalee 
 Yes, Dennis, we got it by e-mail and fax.  Thanks. 
 Mr. Galvan - I wanted to let you know that Mr. Lay is out of the office until Monday, so he will not be able to see your e-mail until then.  Rosalee 
 Katherine Brown 07/25/2000 11:51 AM 
 Thanks, Debbie.  These are lucky guys - they are going to have some undivided attention.  Rosie 
 Sherrie, good question!!  I called the chairman's office and it is publicly held on the NYSE as "itwo".  Rosie 
 Hi Sherrie and Sally -  To let you know that Ken has agreed to join another board.  It is i2 Technologies, Inc.  The company is based in Dallas.  Please let me know if you need further information.  Rosie 
 Good morning!!!  Ken will be here.  rosie    Katherine Brown 07/14/2000 08:35 AM 
 Mr. Pye -  Ken Lay would only be available on December 4, 2000 as we have an Enron Board dinner on Monday, December 11.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Hi Deborah -  Ken Lay does want to meet with you re:  your earlier e-mail.  I know this sounds incredible, but the really best date is not until September 26!!!  His schedule is just not to be believed!!!  He is pretty free that day, so he could do an early afternoon.  Would 2:00 p.m. work for you?  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Hi Tim -  Just to let you know that Mr. Lay has already pledged to Sandy Hoelscher for the MDA Beach Bowl.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Hi Mrs. Vittor -  Your Dad just asked if you had sent an e-mail where you are staying in Miami.  Rosie 
 Ken Lay will be there.  I thank you for your e-mail or he wouldn't have been there.  Rosie 
 Sarah, Cindy Olson requested that I forward this to you for further handling.  Rosalee 
 Katherine:  Mr. Lay is planning on attending in person.  Tori    Katherine Brown 07/05/2000 01:15 PM 
 Mr. Lay will not be able to attend.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Hanley -  Is there a specific time for the keynote - specifically on the 27th?  Rosalee 
 Hi Sharon -  Ken Lay will be out of town.  Thanks. 
 Hi Mr. Griffes:  I have just printed out everything you sent earlier for Mr. Lay.  Can you please tell me where the correction is, please.  Rosalee 
 Happy to do so, Mrs. Vittor!! 
 Hi -  Our street address is 1400 Smith St., Houston, Texas 77002.  For your information, Dorothy is no longer in our office.  Tori Wells is a new contact person, in addition to me.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
