estions.  i made more money the first time you stayed over than i lost the second time you stayed over so i am net up.  here is a simple equation to explain:   2x -1x = x.    x is still positive.    i watched the show and i can't believe that i am that in to it.  so what are your rumors?  you have to tell now. 
 enron has been a piece.  looks like every company that deals in broadband is getting killed.  it is like they forgot we also do energy. 
 we will be there for about 1/2 hour to 45 min before tee off. 
 these videos are pretty good.  i saw the texas video the last two years. 
 go to www.mrfebruary.com.  i am not sure what it means, but i think that is the nickname for mack brown "mr. february". 
 it is such a sleazy show though.  and it is cheesy.  i am not cheesy, but i do enjoy it.   i thought you had some good rumors.  the equation was helpful?  sometimes it is easier to understand if you see the numbers.  come over tonight around 730ish or after friends since you don't want to miss that show. 
 this is kind of gross, but it is real funny.  i don't think this is your type of humor, but girls here at work thought that it was funny so hopefully you will too. 
 i laughed until i cried 
 totally serious 
 did you get my email yesterday?  i emailed you to see if you could get me the numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys.  go ahead and send them to me if you have them.  i would love to go to miami on april 6th but i might have a wedding in new orleans.  if i don't have to go to this wedding i will go to your engagement party.  things are good here.  i am still dating this girl that i was dating when i was home over xmas.  i guess we are boyfriend/girlfriend b/c she gave me the business last night on how she wanted to be treated and crap like that.  i like her though.  so how does that work for your wedding?  what all is the wedding party expected to pay for?  work is good.  i have just been working and partying.  email me back or i will call you and max this weekend.  take care matt   i really want to go to miami 
 what is going on?  are you  tired today.  i think we are going to meet at my place around 6:30 to go to the rodeo thing tonight.  let me know if you are going to come.  email me back  matt   ps-  hi jenn 
 it was so good to hear from you last night.  it made me feel so much better that you are home and ok.  hopefully everything goes well and we can see eachother in the black hills.  i will try to call this weekend.  tell everyone hello.  love matt 
 number is 504-598-1737.  he is in.  call if you want to go out b/c there will be 4 girls who want to party. 
 so we are going to meet at my place at 630? 
 today is very good.  you brought me the luck today 
 are you going to go out with me on valentines day? 
 i will ride with you 
 we are going to be at the enron booth around 7 tonight?  are you guys still going? 
 when is your bachelor party? 
 one of my friends is picking me up. i guess we will see you there around 7. 
 you had better not have another date.  you are a player though.  call me when you get home so i know if you are going to the rodeo tonight.  hopefully you can make it.  talk to you later. 
 you have to give me a second to reply.  so you are going to meet me there?  i can leave you tickets for the booth at my place or you can call me on my cell when you get there.    i will put your name on the list at the enron booth. my cell phone is 7138258410.  if i dont hear it call again.  if i don't hear it after the second time check the booth and i will try to put your name on the list.  did your friends say it was fun last night?  i will be drinking a lot tonight so don't give me grief like last time.  i am real sensitive. 
 what time are you going to go? 
 it was fun.  i am still dead.  way too much partying.  how was your weekend? 
 you can go whenever.  just let me know so if you meet me there i can look out for you around then.  i am going at 630 if you guys want to meet up then. 
 my place.  so you can meet us there or i can get your name on the list.  i can definately get you in no matter what so if you don't want to go that early you dont have to.  let me know.  i am going to wear my cowboy hat and my bolla tie. 
 are you going to the rodeo tonight? 
 around there 
 .sounds good 
 yeah.  we will be at the enron booth. 
 i don't know what it is about having a girlfriend, but it is the best way to meet other girls.  is she hot?  maybe we could meet up one night or something like that.  how was your weekend?  i went to the cook off both nights and had a blast.  how old is this girl? 
 ask them when would be a good time for them to go to phoenix one weekend.  i would love to go visit them in phoenix and golf for 4 days.  just see when they can go and i will coordinate the trip.   i will call them tonight.  love matt 
 i will let you know.  if i play lets up the money to $10/hole.  you are so bad i don't think i can lose to you. 
 did he go out on sat?  that would make him a real champ. 
 it was ok.  i spent a lot of time at the casino.  did you stay home or go to austin?  texas looked pretty good on friday.  how is your dad? 
 that is pretty bad since you suck so bad at golf 
 what is cheaper and when is the concert 
 do we need to wear disguises so we don't get killed?  lets get seat so we can sneak in booze. 
 lets get tickets 
 i don't think i will play on sat 
 i am just seeing this girl.  i has only been a couple of months.  lets all meet up one night and party. 
 it is only worth it for $10/hole.  you shouldn't even waste your money on a nice course.  you need lessons.  stop losing money to me and wasting your money at a nice course.  lessons will help. 
 i won $14 
 trying to get a head count on who wants to go to def leppard.   everyone knows they love def leppard so i don't want any replies making fun of me b/c i am going to the concert.  it is march 1st and it is gonna rock.   the whole thing is gonna be mullets and cougars so it should be fun.  let me know if you want to go. 
 i think i wrote down the wrong number.  call again. 
 i am in 
 everyone wants to go.  we will get a huge group to go. 
 you guys looked like you were discussing lots of interesting things.  i bet your boyfriend was upset. 
 when do we need to get tickets?  here is a list of people who want to go: tim bryan eric shana lisa susan 
 i am just teasing you, but you did introduce us to some guy you went out with who is an analyst here.  i had so much fun on sat night.  it was crazy. 
 you said " this is my sweet baby" 
 saturday is better for me.  just let me know. 
 depends on the year.  generally around 10,000 miles a year.   don't get anything with more miles than that.  and if you are looking for something aroung 98 or 97 see if it is still under warranty.  you are such a shooter! 
 my address is  1212 fairview unit A houston, tx 77006  i think my mom's address is  340 filmore denver 80206   but i am not sure  i will try to call this week. 
 just whenever.  i would rather go out as a group. 
 is anyone from denver going?  let me know what the guest list looks like.  i would love to go, but i need to check flights and all that stuff. 
 is that supposed to be funny? 
 i wanted to stay for a few weeks.  just kidding.  i am thinking 3-4 days. they is robbie and becky.  let me know what they say. 
 everyone wants to go 
 johnny cash is so  cool 
 lets buy 8.  i can put them on a credit card or whatever. 
 i was just kidding.  you are easy to tease. 
 looks like a deal.  i think i am going to go to your bachelor party and not miami.  i bet you are real excited about that.  lets set up golf for fri or sat.  you missed a good night on sat. 
 don't they have one every hour 
 that is good 
 lisa found this to pump us up 
 mo 
 looks bleek.  we need to buy.  these brokers suck. 
 hold up on that 
 i might have tickets 
 if you feel lucky 
 how are finals going?  what day are you going to come to houston?  any time is fine, just let me know.  should be a fun weekend.  we can head out downtown afterwards and hit some of the wierd clubs.  good luck with the rest of you finals.  matt 
 i got 6 tickets to the concert.  they are club level seats and should be pretty good.  we still need two and i can work on those b/t now and the concert. 
 club level 
 did you tell  her i have great ankles 
 i won't know until the tickets are delivered. 
 we might need 3 or 4.  i will get bass to get them 
 no.  i hate live music.  is this girl hot?  i don't want to meet her and get that dissappointed look on my face. 
 i didn't get them through the big e.  some punk broker. 
 that is secondary.  i am more of a face man.  just kidding.  kind of. 
 i will take your word for it. 
 happy valentines day.  i will see you tonight. 
 nice email.  anyway, congratulations on your recent engagement.  max saved you from becoming a major cougar like your buddy stacey.  just kidding.  i was really happy for both of you.  as far a my responsibilities as the best man, i need to make sure that we send max out of the single life in style. don't worry, there will not be anything crazy going on with hired entertainment or anything.  how is work going for you?  must be going well since you and max just bought a big house.  i will be in town on dec 22nd so be ready to go out. 
 hey annie!   good to hear from you.  how is everything going?  do you have a valentine?  i have one.  it is a girl i have been seen for a few months.  you are so lucky you get to go skiing.  i wish i could hit the slopes.  i haven't skiied in over a year.  you do need a rich guy to support you in san fran. it is so expensive there.  you could just go anna nicole and get some guy who is almost dead and inherit all his cash.  you're not that type of girl though which is good.  who else lives up there.  i thought erin and her sister lived there also.  i can't remember.  keep in touch and stay warm there.  matt 
 nice 
 can you record temptation island tonight? 
 you memorized the tv guide?  you really know your stuff. 
 there is a 1997 bmw 318 for sale here.  the price is $15k and i has 40K miles on it.  looks like it is loaded. 
 sluts? 
 told you i was sweet.  i will give it to you tonight. 
 it says velvet metallic blue.  i have no idea what kind of blue that is.  it also says that it is still under warranty. 
 sorry about leaving last night.  i know that was selfish.  you always stay over when it isn't convienient for you and i should have stayed.  i don't want you to think that i am trying to just walk all over you b/c i am not.  i did have a good time last night and i am sorry i ruined it at the end. hopefully you are not too mad.  email me later. 
 i will check today.  i received 6 yesterday. 
 here is a marriage video for you to enjoy 
 i would be comfortable around stacey.  she is cool.  i took my girlfriend out to dinner and all i got her was a card.  we had a good time until i ruined it at the end of the night and now she is pissed at me.  i didn't stay over last night so she was pissed.  i understand though.  i don't think i can make it to miami.  i want to go but i have to attend a wedding of a friend from college.  actually, i am going to caymen the last weekend in march with my group from work so if you want me to check anything out let me know.  i will scout the island for you and max.  i will give you guys a call this weekend. take care. 
 i am in on another tee time for monday.  i would love to take all your money and some aggies's money, but i can't.  we will play again another time. 
 i was just being an idiot.  i was just thinking that i needed to be at work really early and that i needed to be at home.  it was stupid and selfish.  i feel really bad today b/c that is not the way to treat you.  i promise i will make it up to you. 
 i am going to get a tee time for monday if you guys are interested. 
 i will get one for sun 
 you want in on sunday 
 we're done for sunday @ 12:30 at cypress lakes.  do you know anyone else who will play? 
 cool 
 wait for a little bit b/c i might have it filled. 
 0768 
 can you get me the rent check today? 
 your in 
 golf on sunday @ 12:30 cypress lakes. 
 there is no water.  just makes the name sound nice. 
 how do you want me to make it up to you? 
 you hate decisions 
 you are going to work me over for this aren't you? 
 i will take you out tomorrow night.  is that good with you? 
 so we are set to play golf at cypress lakes on sunday at 12:30.  we can meet up at 11:15 and get out there early to hit balls.  it is a pretty fun course to play and it has a lot of water on the front 9.  the back 9 is kind of dry.  should be fun. 
 i didn't piss her off at dinner.  i pissed her off b/c i didn't stay over that night after everything.  she was pissed and now i have to make it up to her.  that is ok.  so no one from denver is going to miami for your engagement party?  i wish i was going.  i would love to get to miami.  i will call you guys this weekend. 
 are we going out for your b day this weekend 
 anyone up for woody's tonight around 9:30? 
 that was hilarious.  i can't believe peta did that. 
 i was hung over yesterday.  i had a good time on sun.  i think you shot a 126.  you would have had to shoot a 53 on the back and i think you shot a 60. 
 Elizabeth-  Do you still send confirms to counterparties for physical deals done day to day?  AEP has a problem with one of the confirms on a deal done Jan. 31. They sold us two packages of 5000 at PGE Citygate for 12.30 and 12.40.  I entered this as one deal for 10000 at 12.35.  They need the confirm to match their records for each deal.  If you could send another confirm I would appreciate it.  Thanks for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 did that teresa lady call you yesterday?  she wouldn't talk to me at all yesterday.  her secretary said she spoke with you and she wouldn't take my call.  sorry i didn't call you to watch a movie last night.  i was dead from going out sunday and playing golf yesterday. 
 how is everything going?  did you eat with robbie and becky?  i mentioned to grandma and grandpa a trip to phoenix some time this spring.  they also said that they were going to come to denver in may so i think i will come home for a little bit in may also.  call me when you get a chance. 
 that is fine. 
 Cooper-  I am having trouble running the database with the scheduled power info.  Let me know if you are having problems collecting the data.  Thanks,  Matt Lenhart 
 thanks for your help. 
 Maria-   I work on the West Gas Desk in Houston.  Cooper said that you might be able to help me with a link we have to one of your databases that is not working. This link pulls the scheduled California loads, generation, and imports. This link has not worked since this morning.  Please let me know if you could help.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 give him one of these " i dont love you whore, i'm out tha door".  just kidding.  that is bad.  that would make him feel cheap and used.  i just wouldn't respond.  he will get the point.  i was in pain on monday.  i couldn't believe i felt that bad.  it was a good time at that joint though so it was worth it. 
 i think that is tomorrow 
 Maria-  I just checked it and it worked perfect.  Thanks for your help.  Matt 
 did you go  out and party? 
 let's go party.   we can get a group and go get some food and then hit the bars.  tim was supposed to send an email out, but i don't think he has yet. i am up for whatever. 
 did you and carolyn have a grammy party?   temptation island was dumb. everyone went on their dates and hooked up.  next week looks good. 
 go ahead and take charge. 
 i am not gettting old, i am getting distinguished.  what is wrong with her roomate? 
 let's hit el tiempo or something 
 at 730 or 8 
 luis mena and anyone who is cool 
 double click on the underlined website at the bottom 
 you up for woody's tonight? 
 why would you guys have a party to cheer her up?  that could make you  sick. it doesn't matter that i am getting older b/c  i age well. 
 strep throat is contagious.  you don't need to share a coke to get it.  germs travel through the air.  am i really losing my hair?  don't freak me out. 
 cassie would be fun to hang out with.  i don't know if you want to invite her pal though.  i am sure bryan doesnt' 
 i wish i was that guy from nsync 
 i know you're kidding.  i have healthy, vibrant, thick, flowing hair.    call me later. 
 what is up fellas?  don't worry we will be set up for the big party.  rooms and entertainment will be first class.  i need to know when everyone wants to go and how much everyone wants to spend.  i was thinking we could get a big suite and then we could have the party there.  we can hit vegas in august or sept.  let me know what your schedules look like and i will get the ball rolling.  matt 
 cool bra!  we will light it up tonight.  call boone dog. 
 i can't believe merlin has a girlfriend.  last time he had a girlfriend the other bush was president.  i will get us something nice.  we can get the rainman suite.  i won't let tom take a finders fee. 
 she blew me up 
 who all is going for sure:  merlin peder ryan scott tom me max's bro in law matt battaglia?? ( someone should get in touch with him) anyone else? 
 lets just have the party at the royal king motel on colfax and colorado blvd.  we will get that hooker scott hooked up with in high school to provide the entertainment.   it will be real fun. 
 he might be a mole.  no moles.  we can golf, bungee jump or do something wild like that.  is that the kind of memorable thing you want to do? 
 thanks.  today really sucks so far. 
 i'm busy 
 golf at a good course 
 what time?  i will be up for some boozing 
 which el tiempo are we going to tonight?  did gillette send out an email? 
 we can go downtown or uropa or whatever.   just whatever everyone wants to do.  what time are we meeting at el tiempo? 
 no.  go out after you're done at work 
 how is sept 7-9.  we will arrive the 7th(fri) and leave sunday.  let me know if those dates aren't good. 
 i don't think there is much going on there, but that would be a good time also.  could be cheaper.  what does everyone think about the big sleazy? 
 how about before that date? 
 how can we get that girl cassie to go?  do i need to invite her roomate? hull could keep her occupied. 
 lets figure a date and a location.  i know max wants vegas so i think we should go there.  if we need to do october that is cool too. 
 its all good 
 just drive down richmond and you will see it next to the pink pussycat. 
 how much does everyone want to pay?  remember we are picking up max's flight, room, and the bachelor party.  thurs-sun sounds good to me.  how does everyone feel about that?  merlin- what is the best date for you to go? 
 will do.  i will let you guys know monday what we've got. 
 i thought you said you didn't know where it is. 
 i am going out tonight 
 1996.  it had 65k.  $18k. 
 so what date do you want 
 9/21-9/23? 
 let's do the week before.  i think that works better.  actually i will check rates on both weekends and if one is cheaper than the other i will take that. 
 do you want to hit sherlocks around  6-630 
 no way.  nice. 
 sounds good 
 i called her 8 times when i got home last night 
 i got a room for sept.6th - sept. 9th.  it is the rainman suite at the mirage.  there are 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, and a huge living room.  with the room we get limo service to and from the hotel.  if there are 7 of us paying it will cost roughly $225 for each of us.  that is pretty cheap.  this way we don't need to get another room.  i also reseved a room at the luxor that can sleep 4 and a suite with 1 bedroom and a living room.  this will cost us $200 per night.  tell me which one you prefer.  we also neet to make sure everyone goes b/c if someone drops out it will cost us a lot more.  merlin, the suite at the mirage wasn't available for the 13th-16th.  get back to me soon.  you can email me back or call me at 713-807-1699.  later 
 i think i can go in that weekend.  do you want to go fri sat sun or just sat sun? 
 one room is going to have 2 queen size beds and then one will have a king size.  there is also couches in the living room and we can get rollaway beds to the room.  location is better at the mirage, but the luxor is really nice too.  let me know what you guys want today and if the dates are ok. 
 thanks for the money.  i received it on saturday.  i really needed it.  i would definately go to phoenix.  just let me know. 
 i think we will get better strippers with the shooter room at the mirage. 
 just give me a call and let me know what this in regards to.    853-7176 
 daddy got the rainman suite baby 
 $225 is for 3 nights.  i can cut it down to fri night and sat night and that will drop our costs to about 145/night.  if we do that we can golf sat morning and then hang by the pool and pick up sluts.  let me know if you guys want to drop the trip down to 2 nights. 
 we are in for 3 nights.  i haven't heard from merlin yet so he is the only one who hasn't committed to that weekend.  i also need to check with max. 
 that is funny shit 
 thanks for the email.  i can't believe i am 25.  i woke up saturday from a hard night of partying  and thought when dad was 25 i was born and now i am 25 and i still go out and party like an idiot.  oh well, it was fun.  how are you feeling?  i hope the dialasys is going well.  let me know.  love matt 
 none.  i will check again later b/c i would like to go. 
 i think we can get this girl for the party.  we will just have to tell her that we are big shooters with the rainman suite.        ? - salsa1.mpe 
 is sept 6th-9th good for you? 
 i think they call her "maddog murdock" 
 you can see the room we have on www.mirage.com.  go to suites and look at the floor plans.  the room we have is the hospitality suite.  it looks like the room on the movie "very bad things".    it doesn't show photos. 
 i got 6 and bass has 2.  tell him to just go b/c at worst we can get the tickets at the dome.  enron might have some floating around. 
 i went ahead and put a deposit down on the room.  with tax it will be $517.75/night.  if we have 7 people paying that will be $222/person.  if max's bro in law doesn't go it is about $260/person.  the deposit i put down is for one night so if anyone wants to cover some of their costs they can pay me.   so IT IS ON now.  sept 6th-sept9th.  i say we get some air brushed t-shirts that say "class of '94 - still partyin'".  just tell your girlfriends we are going to lake dillon to camp or something. 
 here is the list  max ryan merlin scott peder tom me max's bro in law (possibly)   i think we should pay for max's room and airfare.  i don't know how that usually works, but i think we cover that and the entertainment. 
 go to adcritic.com and go to the john werner bear fight. 
 sorry i didn't get back to you last night.  i didn't get your message until this morning. 
 i did a deal with someone on my desk so there is no brokerage involved. 
 i didn't go.  i stayed here.  how is work going?  have you been going out at all?  i havent seen you since sherlocks.  are you going to def leppard tomorrow night?  it is gonna rock.  let me know what is going on for the weekend.  i am definately going out on sat night. 
 you can't shine shit.  whoever drafts him in the second is wasting a pick.  i hope it isn't denver. 
 i can't get off for lunch but we should party before the concert.  we might go to tortucas or something to drink before hand.  where are your tickets? we are club level.  let me know. 
 hey lucky fuck.  i just gave you $20 instead of $15 for the $20 you gave me. so you still owe me $5.  i can't believe you didn't tell me i was making a mistake and stole $5 from me.  i am gonna have to regulate. 
 it is on thurs night for def leppard.  bass said that there is a tortuca near the dome where we can eat and drink some ritas before hand.  i think we should meet around 630-7.  let me know by tomorrow so we can figure it out. 
 i have heard the rodeo opens at 6:45 for rodeo activities, but the concert won't start until about 8:30.  someone up here went to duran duran last night and it said the same thing on the schedule.  i will call tomorrow and double check, but i really don't think they would start a concert that late, def leppard isn't that old. 
 i am glad nobody got back to me on putting in for the deposit.  i will hold $500. 
 yeah and we are going out tonight.  shawn is actually in town.  we should meet up. 
 does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no tequilla shots) or cabos downtown tonight.  let's meet around 6-6:30. 
 i heard you have extra def leppard tickets?  i could use a couple if you have extras.  let me know please. 
 i vote for ruggles at enron field. 
 can i have it 
 i  would go into relapse after one shot.  i would probably pass out at ruggles. 
 that is safe 
 thanks for trying 
 hoskins has no extra.  i heard it isn't sold out and we can pick one up easy.  tell him we are at club level. 
 ruggles it is.  let's meet there b/t 6-6:30.  i will definately be there at 6.  i'm not FOOLIN.  i want to party like an ANIMAL.    it is gonna be HYSTERIA tonight.  enought of the bad jokes. 
 here is the forecast.  thanks for taking the time to look over it.  i just want to go over production real quick with you.   i will call in about a half hour. 
 hopefully downtown baby! 
 that is real nice.  you hate fat people huh? 
 i will give you a chance to get out when we play again or i will have to regulate.  you don't want a shot at the title. 
 more cushion for the pushin 
 what the fuck is tome?  bring it old man.  you will be winded by hand 17. 
 thanks fellas.  i will cover the $510. 
 last night was so cool.  def leppard rocks.  i am going to a dinner tonight but i am going to party tomorrow night.  you? 
 some broker dinner.  it is just a freebie. 
 fri was fun.  i went to a broker deal and the wine was unlimited.  we were crushing $180 bottles for about 4 hours.  i will take it easy this weekend. i have a date with cassie fri, but that is all i will do. 
 how was dinner last night? 
 where are we drinking tonight 
 which question?  i don't know what i am going to do yet?  what do you think? 
 everyone up here loved that 
 i have spoke with her a few times for quite a while.  i would rather go some place that is loud and fun like el tiempo.  is there a place like that around? 
 pretty good.  i went to a broker dinner on fri and we ran a mean tab b/c of the wine.  what did you do? 
 i haven't opened it.  i didn't show anyone. 
 i want to get some ritas.  maybe i could go to el tiempo if they would let us back in. 
 well i am not going to take her there so i won't worry about that place this weekend.  you never said how dinner was last night. 
 what did you do this weekend? 
 you didn't think it was funny. 
 i won at the casino.  it was a profitable trip. 
 how much did you hate that brit 
 did you like his supply bag?  that killed me. 
 by the time you sent this i was already gone.  maybe we can do it again later this week. 
 daddy bought a big bertha and was stroking it last night 
 i bought a big bertha and i was stroking it last night straight and deep. 
 let me know b/c i want to go back out there. this club goes "bling"  when i hit it. 
 bout $250 with a new viser 
 i didn't do anything exciting at all this weekend.  i did play rugby on saturday.  that was fun.  sat night i went to the hub.  that place is so cool. 
 i love living alone.  it has been great.  i think he like austin. 
 Mr. Ponce-  I just wanted to get back with you on some of your customers.  Gas in California really came off and I just wanted to get the feeling of the industrials after the one day drop.  Give me a call when you get a chance @ (713)853-7176.  Matt Lenhart 
 i need to go work out first.  so let's plan for 7. 
 is 7 ok?  i can meet you at my place then or at the range then. 
 no dout boo n0 doubt 
 http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/inside_game/ivan_maisel/news/2001/03/06/maise l_insider/ 
 is telas on sheppard a pretty cool joint to go to on fri? 
 don juan lenharto 
 i don't think she has.  they never hung out in high school and just started living together in jan.  they were more friendly rather than friends. hopefully it will be fun.  she seems really nice. 
 i don't kiss and tell 
 just kidding.  we will probably just get drinks. 
 did you get invited to the wedding? 
 just thought i would let you fellas know that brooke burke, from E! wild on, is posing in playboy next month.  that is all that is keeping me going. 
 yeah.  you and your friends could just send one drink over after another to make me look like a stud.  sounds good. 
 just break your necks when i walk by to the bathroom or something.  i probably won't be able to keep her off of me after that. 
 give me a call when you get a chance.  i lost your number again. 
 between 1030 an 11 would be the best time to install the monitor. 
 send em 
 that is correct 
 they are with reliant canada. 
 pi phi chick from baylor 
 i can go to vegas either the weekend of the 14th of april or the 21st.  just let me know which is the better weekend. 
 ene sucks 
 i think tom, robbie and i should still try to get down to phoenix for a weekend.  talk to those two and see when a good weekend is for them.  i am going to come home in may also for about a week. 
 that date sound good to me.  we can stay at the mirage, treasure island, the alladin, mgm, ect.  there should be some websites like expedia.com which can find hotel rooms easily.  i can arrive thurs evening after probably around 6.  i will check flights.  it shouldn't be a busy weekend.  i can't wait. should be a great weekend. 
 p love has one. 
 let's go with dad in april.  you can go with those guys anytime.  plus you will probably want to go again after we get back. 
 i don't know any of the courses, but it should be easy to find one. 
 what was the name of that chop house restaurant on sheppard? 
 i can't go in that weekend b/c a good friend of mine is getting married.  we could do the following weekend if that is better. 
 that isn't normal? 
 maybe we  should try it for lunch when we are hung over. 
 i changed it 
 possibly around 3.  i would definately get 9 in 
 enron's stock has been getting punished.  a lot of my stock options are worthless.  it is so dark here right now.  it is going to pour.  i think i am going to head to denver for a week in may.  i am not sure which week, but i think that would be a good time to go home.  tell martha and billie hello and i will try to call you guys this week. 
 we should probably get tickets tonight.  i will call keneally's today to make sure they are selling tickets.  who all is going? 
 it is like $10/ticket so i am going to need some cash b/c i am not that big of a shooter yet.  let me call a little later. 
 kenneally's sat afternoon.  you in? 
 who is your new woman? 
 may sounds better actually.  let's try the first week. 
 great. 
 getting married to your sister in law 
 yeah.  i definately want to play.  if we get out there by 4 we can get nine in for sure. 
 don't quit your job at the handy helper.  i don't think you will make it as a comedian with those. 
 he is in now 
 i will try to leave at 3. 
 i say we get there around 2. 
 hull isn't going to make it.  his grandma passed away.  so you have to wait for me. 
 should we eat before we come over 
 i met your friend andrea this weekend 
 i met her at kenneally's on sat.  she was cute.  i am supposed to take her out on fri. 
 call me at 7138537176 
 i just heard about it 
 any time in may is fine.  i think i would go home at the end of may so if you want to go at the end of may that could work.  i am checking today to find out when grandma and grandpa will come into town.  i will let you know this week. 
 not this weekend but the following weekend.  you missed a great st. patty's day.  i have a date with some hot kappa from ut on fri. 
 A very successful energy trader parked his brand-new Mercedes in front of his office, ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out, a truck passed too close and completely tore off the door on the driver's side. The trader immediately grabbed his cell phone, dialed 911, and within minutes a policeman pulled up.  Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the energy trading icon started screaming hysterically. His Mercedes, which he had just picked up the day before, was now completely ruined and would never be the same, no matter what the body shop did to it.  When he finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief. "I can't believe how materialistic you energy traders are," he said. "You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else."  "How can you say such a thing?" asked the trader.  The cop replied, "Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down? It must have been torn off when the truck hit you."  "My God!" screamed the master trader. "Where's my Rolex?" 
 i will be out of town 
 so who wants to send me some money for this deposit.  max also left me a message that he wants to add two people to the party, does anyone know who they are? 
 i went to kenneally's.  it was a blast.  what did you do?  what have you been up to?  i haven't seen you in a while. 
 i am just giving you guys a hard time.  we can square everything in sept. 
 i didn't know she was married again.  good for her.  wednes i will be at a broker party.  this week is gas fair so i will be partying and golfing.  we need to  go out when you get in town. 
 we can square up in sept. 
 i hate this job 
 that is him 
 i hope it isn't his crack addict driver who was arrested over xmas. 
 damn.  she is fertile.  does your brother work at reliant also? 
 yeah.  i am trading gas.   i see your brother in law out in the market from time to time.  this week is going to be busy with dinners and golf.  tough life. 
 runs or robs? 
 sure. 
 free your mind and the rest will follow 
 met some girl from your hometown named ivana or something.  she works at dynegy. 
 golf lesson saturday.  she said she knew you.  black hair, short. 
 last week was ubeliveable and in two days it is all gone   my bonus will suck 
 yeah i know them.  dinner was fun. 
 what about those two? 
 i just know her from school and through you and i knew him at school.  i don't know them that well.  you going out this weekend? 
 we have been playing phone tag.  i will call her today.  i am still planning on taking her out tonight. 
 i think i told her i have great ankles and beautiful muscle definition in my thighs.  where should i go?  i was thinking el tiempo to drink some ritas. 
 what is lz's? 
 is that a good place to go for drinks afterwards or should i go somewhere else? 
 did you call me from your car while you were jamming or something?  i heard this music going and you were howling.  it is on my voicemail at work. 
 i shouldn't have erased it.  i heard that dude say your name. 
 congrats.  i hate my job. 
 you sounded like a mexican in a marriache (sp?) band.  you were rolling your r's.  i was just sitting there thinking "what the fuck?" .  you are a wild woman. 
 that is what i was thinking. 
 i don't know.  work pays for it. 
 sorry i didn't call you back on sat.  i had a date that night. 
 i downloaded some good shit off of napster.  you have got to see my list. 
 it went well.  i had a real good time.  she likes to party so we got along great. 
 please stop sending these to me.  it is embarrassing. 
 i got my new cpu and created the greatest rap mix ever.  you definately need to copy this one.  how was fishing? 
 i liked her much better than cassie.  i have 0 interest in cassie. 
 cassie is nice, but i have no interest in her.  i am taking this girl out again this week before i hit caymen. 
 no time for lunch dr. jones 
 why did you guys get all that stuff already?  you still have over a year.  is it still going to be in the caymens?  what are you doing for christmas?  i mean chuanaka? 
 i went to chili's.  i also let her have two drinks there ( i usually tell them to drink it slow b/c they are not going to get another).  then we went to 7-11, picked up some 40's and hung out in the parking lot.  it was pretty cool. 
 the dude changed my swing completely.  i am going to the range tonight if you want to go. 
 right back at you 
 is that wierd to break in to women's homes and watch them sleep?  if that is wrong i don't want to be right. 
 nothing is going on here.  i am actually going to grand cayman tomorrow for the weekend.  it should be an ok weekend.  did you go out on saturday?  i was hurting when i woke up sat morning. 
 i went to tilas and then downtown.  it was fun. 
 yeah.  a lot more.  i didn't feel like i needed to carry the conversation. who is getting married in b.r.?  michelle? 
 i didn't mean to be snippy.  i am just stressed.  how is everything going?  i am going home for a week.  i am looking foward to it. 
 are all the older people going to ask you why you aren't married yet? 
 just tell them you don't have a husband you have a "life partner" 
 how late are you working?  i have a reservation for 8:30. 
 what is going on?  i call your husband about two weeks ago and he never called me back.  i am leaving for cayman today so i will scope out the scene this weekend.  tell max to give me a call. 
 this is funny.  i just wanted to send it off to you guys before i leave to cayman.  i hope the weather is good in houston for you guys this weekend.  it is supposed to be a low of 77 and high of like 87 in cayman.  rough life. 
 i will be bumpin' to rosa parks at the beach tomorrow. 
 did you like "no asian men"? 
 i will let you know when i rub oil on her back this weekend. 
 i will try to find out this weekend when we are jet skiing. 
 mediatrip.com 
 i will have him sign the cocktail napkin. 
 let's save some money for vegas and just get him a george foreman grill. that will be about $3.50 each. 
 let me know the dates and i will come home around that.  how is everything going?  call me tonight.  i just got back from caymen yesterday. 
 just wanted to let you know i got back from cayman yesterday and it was low 77 hi 85.  it is going to rock. 
 yeah.  i will get there fri evening.  i think i am going to stay in the quarter. 
 i got the palace in n.o. for the weekend.  this is the big place w/ 2bdr and 2 bath. 
 why don't you just give him the sunglasses you kept after i let you borrow them over new years 2000. 
 i think ed sardella does that bit. 
 that shit was funny.  i even rated you on that site.  do you log in every 30 min to check your ratings. 
 no.  i had it in my back pocket and it might have dialed you.  i was at the u2 concert.  what has been going on? 
 cayman rocked.   it is such a nice place and everything was on the big e. 
 i haven't talked to her in about a week.  she bagged our date last week and we were supposed to reschedule it to this week, but i haven't heard from her.  i went to u2 w/ dynegy and sat in a luxury box.  it was so nice. 
 what is going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  are you still heading to phoenix this weekend? 
 i just went with some traders.  you have to love the gravy. 
 i know that.  i haven't had a chance to call b/c i haven't even been home.  i want to take her out again.  shhe is a lot of fun. 
 that is you dancing at sierra. 
 " i know i'm pretty but i ain't as pretty as a pair of titties" - the pimp in true romance 
 how much would i make working for a real estate developer? 
 it was great.  the weather was awesome and we did whatever we wanted and it was all on the big e.  i will give you a shout next week and we can get together then.  who are you going to phoenix with? 
 trading? located? 
 christopher walken was the guinea 
 are you going to outkast wednes?  they still have tickets at ticketmaster.com 
 it was really cool.  i am a little burned now.  what is going on? 
 those weren't my picks that were submitted. 
 looks like outkast has been cancelled tonight 
 i am going to new orleans for my friend val's bachelor party and an engagement party on sat.  what are you going to do? 
 i think i am driving.  i am going to leave fri afternoon. 
 looks like your boy gore finally bowed out.  it is about time that guy conceded the election.  why are you so stressed?  i bet that you are a stess hound.  how nice is it in florida? 
 i don't know.  i am kind of tired.  i sound like a lil bitch. 
 what happened? 
 do you know where to buy x b/c i heard she digs that.  what happened to her boyfriend. 
 is it on or not? 
 no problem. 
 that looks like my dog 
 what girl?  andrea?  we will probably get together next week. 
 i emailed her.  i will call her this weekend.  i think she left town yesterday and i haven't been home at all this week.  i have a very active social life. 
 no but i do have great legs 
 what is your ext?  i have a question about global markets.  just give me a call. 
 do you have any more funny stories 
 i think peder has a bright future if he gets drunk at work functions and drops his pants. 
 that's why we play the game 
 is your roomate sleeping one off? 
 what went on this weekend?  i am still tired from this weekend. 
 the party was fun.  it was good to see a lot of people i haven't seen in a long time.  i am just wiped out today.  i need a nap. 
 i will try.  is that wednes or thurs that you guys are going out?  i heard of a new cool place called the drink that  is near downtown. 
 i never take my stress out on other people.  new years will be great.  i think i am going to new orleans.  you will be missing me over new years. 
 i have no plans this week. 
 does everyone at work think you are gay?  i have 4 monitors and that blasted across them all and everyone was just looking at me. 
 i have no news, but we are gonna rock.  we have the rainman suite and we will have the hottest entertainment up there.  i was at a bachelor party this weekend and it was fun, but it won't compare to the one we are gonna throw for max. 
 peder was a virgin.  merlin got more? 
 let's get him all loaded and send him out on the strip naked. 
 i already read that shit 
 is this safe to open 
 is that it? 
 i think sept 6-9.  i am coming to denver in either may or july so we will iron out the final details then.  i will get the entertainment lined up for us.  i am going to vegas in two weeks and i will scout for some other shit to do. 
 i don't think they do that.  you don't want to pay someone to do that shit for you.  did your house really burn down? 
 it was no trouble.  let me know if you need anything else. 
 what about the angry dragon or the houdini? 
 i love the houdini and angry dragon. 
 you can borrow it whenever.  are you in town this weekend? 
 nothing going on here.  i went to new orleans this weekend for a bachelor party.  i am still dead.  so phoenix was nice?  i had a massage in cayman and i thought it was the best thing.  i couldn't figure out why a spa would be a good vacation until i had my massage.  give me a call when you get a chance. i will be home tonight. 
 you just sent a reply to all to everyone at enron. 
 nope 
 i need to book a jan trip to new orleans. 
 you guys win one wild card game and all of the sudden the saints are superbowl contenders. 
 no.  you are really on there. 
 we have improved our defense and our starting qb, who is better than yours, was out.  plus we will have two more stud rb's back and some new defensive personnel. 
 are you still partying tonight?  i think i am going to stay in, but i am definately up for going out tomorrow night. 
 i would love to play the saints.  as i recall we ran right through that great defense. 
 it was someone who looked like him who was acting as him.  his dad had him shipped away so he wouldn't ruin his chance at becoming the president.  i love that book except that one chapter.  i thought the book was hilarious. 
 will do.  thanks for sending these.  i appreciate it. 
 is everyone still up for going out tonight?  i am going to party like a rock star tonight.  let's hit downtown.  we don't have to try that place the drink.  how about silante's or something. 
 i think you need to do some bartender training tonight. 
 from indiana jones when the chinese kid says "no time for love dr. jones" 
 that is gonna be me this weekend 
 there is an offer to join a golf club called the houston oaks for $145/mo. there are 36 holes.  i heard it is a good couse.  it is up near 290 and hwy 6.  the only thing you pay for is a cart.  sounds like a good deal.  i heard it is a nice course.  i am thinking of getting in if anyone else is interested.  let me know today what you think. 
 the website is houstonoaksgolfclub.com.  it doesn't look that great online. check it out or ask anyone if they have played there. 
 this place is like a 45 minute drive so i am out. 
  this is a funny video.  hopefully you can open it up.  i have some other good stuff also.  are you going to go out tonight?  i think i am heading to silantes.  send me some funny stuff and i will give you a call later.  - FingerPig.avi 
 the real victor was the one in europe not the law student.  the law student was the replacement victor.  that is the guy they got to act as victor so he wouldn't ruin his dad's chances at pres.  great book.  what is going on for easter? 
 check out chad's name in this thing 
 i almost sent you that one.  that is hilarious.  that is what i dressed up as one year for halloween. 
 look harder.  it is a funny picture.  i think you had a 4.7 avg. 
 no thanks.  what aabout the happy hour with the hottie? 
 the law student was the replacement b/c the real one was such a fuck up. sorry i didn't call you guys back last  night.  i didn't get home until 8 and the sopranos was on. 
 i will be in vegas.  send her my regards. 
 i felt fine.  i was just tired but i didn't feel bad.  my golf game sucks but that is b/c i have a new golf swing after my lesson a couple of weeks ago. this swing is going to take me  to the next level.  i think if trading doesn't work out i will have something to fall back on. 
 you didn't think that was funny?  do i need to explain that one? 
 that was great.  that is as funny as i get. 
 you weren't on there. if you were i am sure you would be a 10. 
 congrats.  that is good news.  what else is going on. 
 ditto.  work is it.  i am going to vegas this weekend, so i got that going for me. 
 why not?  you don't like those things?  you get penis straws and everything. 
 i am going with work.  another boondoggle. 
 i am at the venitian.  i am going to stay in the rainman suite.  should be a good time.  i can load up and get some hookers and just have an old fashioned good time.  it is a good stress relief. 
 i am just kidding.  i wouldn't ever pay for it.  anyway i am going with people from work so it woulnd't look to good if i was bringing hookers into my room. 
 just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me. 
 i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon" 
 did you take his v-card?  i don't think i ever dated one.  i like my women fast. 
 why are you staying with her parents?  won't that kill some of your fun?  how good was the deal? 
 got to work dude 
 oh yeah.  he doesn't sound like a lot of fun - if you catch my drift.  what are you guys doing for the bachelorette party?  if you need entertainment i might be for hire.  i would totally give those chicks a thrill. 
 if i could get a guaranteed contract plus tips i would skip the trip. remember how great my legs would look dancing all over the chicks. 
 i thought that you said you were sharing a suite with them.  thanks for the pics. 
 1400 smith st. houston, tx 77002-7361 
 i have to hold off until vegas.  my liver is sore from this past weekend.  i have to go home and nurse it at night. 
 shooters. 
 are you going out tonight or something?  i think chad has a good opp in austin.  now i have somewhere to stay when i go to austin every other weekend.  i did have a good date the other night.  i haven't spoke with her since so i don't know if i am going out with her or not tonight. 
 for easter i just stayed in town and golfed all weekend?  what did you do? did you go to central and regulate some punks.  what are you doing this weekend?  i am going to vegas.  i haven't been home at all this month except for last weekend.  i have to go to buttfuck mississippi next weekend for a wedding. 
 val is getting married there.  his fiance, celeste, is from there. mississippi is so cool. 
 i got your jacket from bass 
 means you got a lot of ammo 
 nevermind 
 i haven't watched them at all.  every time i try to watch hockey they are not on.   i am gonna watch their next series.  who are they gonna play? 
 i don't remember the bet 
 are you hurting this morning?  my lifestyle has to change within the next 5 years or i will be dead. 
 i feel like a champ today 
 your past few months have been just as bad.  at least i didn't close uropa b/c i was puking in the bathroom. 
 is your dad ok?  what is hines?  is that a development firm?  i just didn't call her last night.  you can't call them the next night.  that looks pathetic if you do.  this way she can sit around and think about me for a day.  she is a cool chick.  nice, cute sorority chick.  well let me know if you go out. 
 i don't remember half of that night, but i do remember you in the bathroom. sierra is fun on wednesdays isn't it? 
 by the way, my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday. 
 who is better for the avs to play?  what has been going on in denver? 
 should be 7.20. 
 i hate notre dame.  tim, i need to get down to your office today. 
 maybe i will come home the 16th of may.  let me see and i will get back to you. 
 i can't come the last week b/c of work.  that is when prices get set for next month gas.  it is a very busy week and there is no way for me to get out of it.  when are grandma and grandpa coming? 
 are you on crutches 
 i don't understand that last email 
 if it is real estate development i would like to look into it.  let me know. i want to see what type of work it is. 
 i think the best guy to contact is a guy named ted bland or karen buckley.  i think he heads up the trading track program.  this is the best way to get into trading now.  you have to do 3 6mo. rotations in different trading support roles.  contact him and he should be able to get you more info.  hope that helps you out. 
 it is so good to finally get one of these state of the unions again.  i don't know if i can speak for everyone, but i sure have missed it.    it is just good to read all the smart, witty humor again.  i especially thought the part about screaming "who let the dogs out" was quite funny.  it makes it especially funny b/c the employees play along instead of yelling out "shut up nerd".   as most of you know chad and i no longer live together.  it was real tough to see him go b/c we are pretty close, but not as close as maziarz and i evidently are.  but every now and then i still get reminders that i used to live with chad  like the other day when i was vacuming.  i decided to vacum behind the couch b/c i had never cleand back there.  when i looked behind the couch the floor was littered with about 50 toenails.    at first i was pretty freaked out and i was thinking how could these toenails possibly get here? but then i remembered i use to live with chad and he had a nasty habit of pulling off his toenails.  i should have figured that he didn't dispose of them properly.  it is good to see that chad has figured out how to use the email system again.  last week enron sent out a company wide email and our boy chad replied back to the whole company.  i felt pretty embarrassed for him after he sent the first reply, but went he replied to the whole company a second time i just thought that he was an idiot.  now he will be known as the guy who replied not once but twice to a company wide email.  well, i sure am looking foward to the next state of the union.  i know i will since i am going to vegas to spend all my money at the strip clubs.   MFL 
 nope.  we talked a couple of times and tenatively planned to go out, but last time i called she didn't call back.  she sounded like she has a situation w/ her ex or she just might not like me.  that is hard to belive though. 
 how was mitch's bday? 
 i didn't get thrown out of a casino.  i had to leave this bar b/c they over charged us by $300 so i argued w/ the manager and he said i had to leave.  i was pissed, but i didn't get physically removed or anything.  these guys at this club tried to rip us off and i was pissed.   i didn't out do my birthday either.  we drank a lot but it was over long periods of time.  it wasn't like on my birthday when we just slammed everything as fast as we could. 
 did you talk to her recently or something?  i have been out of time a lot this month.  i went to vegas this weekend and i feel like shit now.  i had fun with her, but i really didn't hear too much from her so i  just took it as an indication. 
 did you get a stripper? 
 that is nasty 
 i got a few of them.  i have a rash now in my lap. 
 you should see the rash 
 ho w have you been?  i haven't been up to much just going out and stuff.  are you going home for the holidays?  i am heading to denver this weekend and will be there through next week.  what are you doing over new years? 
 it isn't oozing, just itching.  it was worth every penny.  i think this hooker really liked me. 
 thanks.  i heard boone was in rare form though.  i am dead tired right now. 
 i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi.  i am not looking foward to that but don't tell val.  the following weekend i will be ready to rock. 
 i don't know but i don't want to make it.  i just want to stay home. 
 tim should have it.  so are you getting nervous.  vegas rocked.  what time does the wedding start and how long of a drive is it?  i bet you're nervous. let me know if we need to keep  a car running out front. 
 i am glad to hear it.  it is  ok, it isn't like i need the money or anything.  how was your date? 
 did you get her to sign a service contract?  i won about $700 
 thanks for that email.  i just opened it and everyone say that shoot across all 4 screens of mine.  i will talk to you later b/c i have to go up to hr now. 
 no. i like the rockets a lot, but not as much as the nuggets.  i will be home on fri. 
 oops i did it again 
 what time are you going to get into town? 
 what happened to the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again this year? 
 we might go get some food and spirits after work if you are interested.  i am going to butt-fuck mississippi for val's wedding.  i will be in town the rest of the month so i am ready to start tearing up houston again.  let me know if you are up for drinks after work. 
 just call me on my cell phone.  i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink. 
 there is a band?  what is going on this weekend? 
 let me know when you want to go out.  i can go out any night. 
 did they look lazy?  they always seem over-confident. 
 sounds fun.  i think i am going to go out there at lunch and get some dancing in. 
 i am heading to new orleans for new years.  chad actually went home for the holidays and is moving to austin at the beginning of the year for a govt rotation for enron. 
 i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch. 
 what is your cell number again 
 you didn't send the number.  just call me on mine @ 7138258410.  i am thinking tealas and sitting out on the porch. 
 that is disgusting.  watch for me i will be the one dancing like a maniac. 
 430 is good 
 what are you going to dc for? 
 do you know those girls? 
 i was going to come home this weekend if you knew them.  we would have to set up a service contract with those chicks. 
 you just know b/c you saw the movie.   didn't you ever see indiana jones? 
 i will try to talk with mike later this week.  is he in development or accounting?  thanks for calling him for me. 
 what is shawn's cell phone number?  he was supposed to stay at my place last night and he didn't show up. 
 yeah baby.  i was there two weeks ago and there were hotties everywhere.  i am going to come home in the early part of july and we will figure out the final details. 
 i found a bunch of tickets to fargo.  most run through minneapolis.  the cheapest is $432.  the earliest arrives at 12:30 and they have one at 2, 3, 5.  let me know what you guys have and i will coordinate the times accordingly. 
 those were pretty good.  how is everything in phoenix?  it looks hot. 
 it was supposed to have some pics 
 i am going to try to rent out my place and get another hopefully. 
 did you like the blond with the white sweater? 
 shawn is in town tonight and wants to get a bite to eat if you are up for it. 
 i will let you know.  i need to run after work. 
 email me back or just give me a call tonight. 
 what are you doing at work so early?  i am already pumped to go out this weekend.  fri was bad for susan and eric.  they were the only one doing shots.  everyone else was fairly sober and just hanging out.  it was pretty discusting.  let's hit the town this weekend.  maybe even thurs.  how was dc?  i heard that place is a blast. 
 i heard dc is fun.  i don't care what we do.  we were talking about going to boone's sat and hang out on his porch and drink before we go out.  i think he has a patio in his backyard. 
 what is it.  i got to know.  i need some new chicks.  i need the weekend. today totally sucks.  what are some good books to read? 
 no, but i saw that they won tonight.  it was close.  is sakic going to be ok? 
 i thought you were going to say you thought of the witty comeback the next morning when you both woke up. 
 this is for mom  i just want some clothes from polo.  or some colonge from polo - called polo sport.  what do you want? 
 i bought my ticket.  i arrive on that saturday @ 12:20pm.  i will email grandma. 
 hey grandma.  how is it going?  i just purchased my ticket for grand forks today.   i get in on saturday the 9th @ 12:20pm.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone.  love matt 
 what is grandma's email address? 
 i just ordered my ticket about 5 minutes ago.  i arrive in fargo on the 9th at 12:20 pm.  the ticket was $430.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone. i think it will be fun.  i am going to bring my clubs.  i have a new golf swing after a lesson i took a few weeks ago.  hope all is well.  thanks for picking up the bill for my ticket.  i really appreciate it.  love matt 
 i hope this isn't a pic of a naked old man again.  what has been going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while. 
 you didn't have fun at the small town wedding?    i had to go to one in mississippi this weekend.  it was actually fun.   vegas was two weekends ago.  that was a blast.  work covered everything so i lived like a rock star that weekend.  where are you moving?  maybe we can get drinks or something this week. 
 did they look good or lucky to win?  how is roy playing? 
 you said the line worked well and when i first started reading that i was like "hey now!".  you never know.  you could be a wild woman on vacation if you never have to see those people again. 
 why would you shoot yourself?  chicks go home with guys all the time. 
 how long do you have your lease at midtown? 
 how was your wedding? 
 i went to val's wedding.  it was a blast.  how did a wedding get busted by the cops?  what type of people went to this thing? 
 next week is good for me.  let 's just go get a drink after work or something.  who is your new roommate going to be? that sucks you have to waste a saturday moving. 
 this is still my email.  what is going on?  how is your business doing? 
 i think i met a few of your friends that night, but i don't remember who is who.  it seems like such a long time ago. any time is good for me next week. let's get together on tuesday?  let me know if that is good for you. 
 nice.  i knew that would be a better choice.  saturday night is on dog.  we are going to golf sat also if you are in.  let me know.  tee time is at 11. 
 745 sucks.  we will hit it sat night. 
 that was a mistake.  i don't know what i was thinking.  i need to stay home. 
 i cannot go to denver the last week of may b/c i have to be here for work. the last week is when we set gas prices for the next month.  i think the best thing for me to do is come to phoenix one weekend.  i have been golfing lately.  i got a lesson and the teacher gave me a new swing.  i am kind of struggling with it now.  i think it will take me to the next level.  i will try to call you and grandma this weekend.  matt 
 you staying warm up there?  looks like the wind chill is sub 30.  what do you and billie have planned for the holidays?  i am heading home on friday.  i am looking foward to getting home.  hopefully the weather wont be too cold. well i just wanted to say hello.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 he went home already.  we went to dinner mon & tues.  i am just going to chill this week and party on saturday, maybe even friday a little.  are you going out tomorrow? 
 enron would probably do something like this, but i think you need to contact that charity group.  they might already have a team.  it is good to see that you are such a philanthropist. 
 you going to golf or go play ultimate dork frisbee? 
 i have a tee time for sat @ 11.  let me know if you think you can play today.  the course is sienna plantation. 
 saturday is definately on.  fri i am up for whatever.  maybe happy hour and turn in before 2am for once. 
 Coach Jim Haslett had put together the perfect New Orleans Saints team. The only thing he was missing was a good quarterback.  He had scouted all the colleges, and even the high schools, but he couldn't find a ringer quarterback who could ensure a Super Bowl win.  Then one night, while watching CNN, he saw a war-zone scene in Bosnia. In one corner of the screen, he spotted a young Bosnian soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand grenade straight into a 15th-story window 200 yards away --ka-boom!  "I've got to get this guy!"  Haslett said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings the kid to the New Orleans and teaches him the great game of football, and the Saints go on to win the Super Bowl for the first time in history.  The young Bosnian is "canonized" as the Great Hero of football, and when Haslett asks him what he wants, all the young man wants to do is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl." "I don't want to talk to you," the old woman says. "You deserted us.  You are not my son." "I don't think you understand, Mother!" the young man pleads. "I just won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No, let me tell you," the mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives yesterday, and today your sister was kidnapped in broad daylight." The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says " ...I'll never forgive you for making us move to New Orleans." 
 > Two buddies, Tony and Steve, are getting very drunk  > at a bar  > when suddenly Steve throws up all over himself. "Oh,  > no. Now Jane will  > kill me!"  Steve says.  >  >  Tony says, "Don't worry, pal. Just tuck a twenty in  > your breast  >  pocket, tell Jane that someone threw up on you and  > gave you twenty dollars  > for the dry cleaning bill."  >  >  So they stay for another couple of hours and get  > even drunker.  >  >  Eventually Steve rolls into home and his Jane  > starts to give him  > a bad time. "You reek of alcohol and you've puked  > all over yourself! My  > God, you're disgusting!"  >  >  Speaking very carefully so as not to slur, Steve  > says,  >  "Nowainaminit,  >  I can e'splain everything! Itsh not what you think.  > I only had a  > couple drinks. But this other guy got sick on me...  > he'd had one too many  > and he just couldn't hold his liquor. He said he was  > very sorry an' gave  > me twenty bucks for the cleaning bill!"  >  >  Jane looks in the breast pocket and says, "But this  > is forty bucks."  >  > "Oh, yeah... I almos' forgot, he shit in my pants,  > too." 
 he is a winner.  kansas might turn into a 6 win a year program with cooper there. 
 yeah.  i think they will go to the rose bowl. 
 look for some gifts i sent home for lori, mckenna and grandma.  they should get there before friday.  if not let me know.  i got mckenna something from etoys and i heard they are having some problems.  their stock dropped to $0.28 yesterday from $82 last year so i don't know if they even care anymore.  see you this weekend. 
 the joke reminds everyone of suzy b/c she drinks a lot. 
 rohan davey 
 you better be able to golf tomorrow. 
 you obviously haven't seen my new swing.  you need to be on your best game to take my title. 
 totally 
 i bet your teeth are on strike too b/c all the bile in your stomach is eating them up after you threw up for 2 hours 
 all i know is we can never go back to teala's.  i don't want to get banned at front porch also SUSAN! 
 especially since boone bought some weed from the waiter 
 susan forgot to reply to all.  i think this was directed at you bass.   susan said: why the heck am I getting all the crap on this one....I'm not the one who came back to the table with puke on myself. 
 tell grandma i can't wait to hear her sing. 
 what about when he was gargaling puke trying to say " i am a trader at enron" 
 i think we should wait in line at the grasshopper next time so we don't waste our night.  we will know for next weekend. 
 what is up with the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again? 
 how was moving this weekend?  did you still want to get a drink after work tomorrow? 
 this is their last hope 
 how was happy hour?  i was golfing when you called and i didn't get the message until late. 
 if they don't win i read that they are going to break up the team 
 they have to be worried about you in ebs if you come in to work hung over on mondays 
 it is a good work out for you to move up 3 flights of stairs.  did you move it all yourself or pay someone to do it?   mi luna is good for me tomorrow. i love their ritas.  how about we go around 7.  i can pick you up or just meet you there if you are going straight from work. 
 we have diff # for jp.  as of 12/17 we have a bal of 11.346 in jp. 
 6:30 is fine with me.  i will meet you at the bar. 
 have you guys reserved a room for caymen yet?   i heard the comfort suites is where everyone is staying.  let me know if you guys just want to load everyone up in one room like back in high school. 
 comfort suites is like $800 total for 4 nights.  cheap as it gets down there.  i was just thinking we would all pile in and save some money.  only condition is that ryan doesn't go on a booze cruise and piss on himself. 
 i think they sell tickets for that dude's concert at the hollywood food store around the corner from my house. 
 that actually works out better for me.  i will meet you at mi luna at 7. that is the place in the village correct? 
 that is right.  i was looking at our operations group numbers which are incorrect. 
 i think they have two rooms with two double beds in each.  jen knows the details, but i heard we need to make reservations within the next week. 
 7:30 is good. 
 let me know what is up after you speak with her 
 did you call my cell last night? 
 he is a mo 
 i don't have it, but shoot him an email and he will give you a call. 
 i spoke with him this weekend and the place he mentioned was comfort suites. it would be $200/each for the whole week if 4 were in a room.  a condo would most likely be more expensive. 
 jen has a lot of cougar friends who will be ready to party. 
 we sold this gas for these volumes to ees for index +0.16. 
 hell yeah dog!  they betta be ready to get up on deez nuts. 
 oy vey 
 i was going to talk about all the dope he used to do and how he used to wear make up in middle school. 
 >"You Were an Accident!" > > > > > >"Strangers Have the Best Candy" > > > > > >"The Little Sissy Who Snitched" > > > > > >"Some Kittens Can Fly!" > > > > > >"Getting More Chocolate on Your Face" > > > > > >"Where Would You Like to Be Buried?" > > > > > >"Kathy Was So Bad Her Mom Stopped Loving Her" > > > > > >"The Attention Deficit Disorder Association's Book of Wild Animals of > > >North Amer... Hey!  Let's Go Ride Our Bikes!" > > > > > >"All Dogs Go to Hell!" > > > > > >"The Kids' Guide to Hitchhiking" > > > > > >"When Mommy and Daddy Don't Know the Answer They Say 'God Did It'" > > > > > >"Garfield Gets Feline Leukemia" > > > > > >"What Is That Dog Doing to That Other Dog?" > > > > > >"Why Can't Mr. Fork and Ms. Electrical Outlet Be Friends?" > > > > > >"Bi-Curious George" > > > > > >"Daddy Drinks Because You Cry" > > > > > >"Mister Policeman Eats His Service Revolver" > > > > > >"You Are Different and That's Bad" > > > > > >"Dad's New Wife... Timothy" > > > > > >"Pop!  Goes The Hamster (and Other Great Microwave Games)" > > > > > >"Testing Homemade Parachutes With Nothing At All But Your Household > > Pets" > > > > > >"The Hardy Boys, the Barbie Twins and the Vice Squad" > > > > > >"The Tickling Babysitter" > > > > > >"Babar Meets the Taxidermist" > > > > > >"Curious George and the High-Voltage Fence" > > > > > >"The Boy Who Died from Eating All His Vegetables" > > > > > >"Start a Real-Estate Empire With the Change From Your Mom's Purse" > > > > > >"The Pop-up Book of Human Anatomy" > > > > > >"Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will!" > > > > > >"The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and are Shot Dead" > > > > > >"How to Become The Dominant Military Power In Your Elementary School" > > > > > >"Controlling the playground: Respect through Fear" > > > 
 thanks for the thank you note  asshole 
 i heard there are a lot of hot cougars at changs 
 remember that shirley sent this to me.  it is funny but gross. 
 how was hawaii dog?  did you leave the room? 
 are you guys going to send something special?  how about some stripper's panties from the bachelor party?  any news on caymen rooms? 
