ese low income housing loans.  FannieMae basic= ally does the same thing but is a non-government owned company (used to be = government owned in 1967).  Both entities have had a history of financing t= he rebuilding of rundown urban areas in cities accross the country.  So Lis= a's friend/relative used these entities in the correct way but who knows if= there is any truth to their future involvement in our area.  Based on some= of the stories I read they tend to focus on really bad areas.  My guess is= that on an individual house perspective these two entities provide a mecha= nism to resale low income housing mortages in the secondary market.  So to = the extent there are HUD or FHA loans in our neighborhood they are probably= involved in the ultimate financing of these loans but that is it.  I had n= o idea what these two entities did, kind of interesting.  Tom 
 Jeff,  I could be in a tough situation at the desk with personnel.  Right now Daren Farmer is evaluating an opportunity with AEP.  If he stays and if we get pressure for another round of cuts; I may be in a situation that I have to do something with Dave.  If Daren leaves then Dave is really the only one remaining with Waha experience, that is why I decided to move him to the desk.  Bottom line to me is that based on discussions with you in the past and my experience, Dave is definitely a keeper for Risk and has gained some physical experience in the last six months that will help me out particularly if Daren leaves.  Needless to say there are a lot of variables to manage here but I thought you should be aware it, particularly if I end up in a situation where I have to make more cuts.  I am sure you are in a similar situation with some of your folks so you can probably relate to what I am going through.  I will catch up with you as this unfolds but if possible don't completely put Dave out of your plans at this point.  I have explained this situation to him and I think he understands given he is new to trading.  Any thoughts?  Tom 
 I did not know if you heard that Enron has agreed to settle the dispute over NNG and will fullfill the earlier agreement to deliver the pipeline to Dynegy.  Enron has the right to  buy it back by June 30th.  Enron will still proceed with the 10 billion wrongfull termination of merger suit and include NNG in that suit.  Bottom line for now NNG employees will become Dynegy employees until this other suit is resolved and/or unless Enron excercises its right to buy it back.  I wonder if this will impact Eric and Wendy?  Tom  P.S. Are you out of bed yet, ya bum? 
 I'll be there.  Tom 
 New and improved budget to replace what I sent you yesterday. 
 I have given this to O'Neal.  Tom 
 Don,  I received this from Lockheed Martin.  We did not have anything with them.  I am guessing this is yours.  If not I will call the guy and find out what he is talking about.  Tom 
 Details, forgot to send attachment.  Tom 
 David,  I made a few adjustments to your expense estimates based on a more detail look at actuals in 2001 and my previous 2002 budget.  The total impact is to increase the budget by $68,000.  I also was not sure what your Rent, Technology and Transportation amounts were supposed to represent.  Based on our previous discussions I thought that rent and technology are covered elsewhere, but I used your numbers anyway.  I am interested in what that is supposed to be since it is not very much and those are potentially very large dollar categories if everything gets rolled in.  Call me if you have any questions.  Tom 
 I thought more about our phone conversation last night.  Based on what you said and assuming this document is ok, count me in.  Sorry my reaction was not as positive as you hoped but your comment about not being able to discuss who is on the team with anyone caught me off guard.  I don't believe I have any issues with financial terms that you said (again I want to see what it looks in writing).  I still don't fully understand your reasons for handling this the way that you are but at the end of the day you are correct when you say that even if 50% of the commercial people is all that we end up, this shop will still be better than any other on the street.  I guess get me this document to look at when ever you can.  Thanks,  Tom 
  Thanks, Eric sent her all of the trader's login IDs after the meeting last week.  Tom 
 Hope you had a great holiday season!  Just checking to see if there is any new info on my ESOP rollover error situation.  Let me know if you heard anything.  Tom 
 I haven't worked on TBG in four years, so I am probably not who you want on this matter.  I would suggest starting with Frank Vickers or Scott Neal.  Tom 
 Thanks for thinking of me.  Not feeling too much like a hero, but still kicking.  Happy holidays to you and your family!!!  Tom 
 John and Louise,  I am planning to be on vacation from Thursday noon 12/20 and returning Monday 12/31.  I will be in Houston the whole time and available to come in if needed to help out on Due Dilegence or other matters.  I can be reached at home 281-580-6280, cell. 713-417-7994 or pager 800-503-3208.  I have made arrangements for the curves to be updated daily.  If you have any questions don't hesitate to call.  Happy Holidays!  Tom 
 I understand the control concern but it sure would allow us to be more efficient since Texas is small and clean (probably not a full time manager job).  He has not and will not be taking risk positions (at least not initially) he has been and will be trading our daily Waha phyical volumes.  If he evolved to a point where we wanted him to take risk positions we then could move him out of Risk.  What do you think?  If you don't think this will work let me know, but in that scenario I guess I would say don't count on Dave.  I guess I will have to move him into the Associate program or Logistics.  I we go down that road then I feel like I need to run this by Dave since he effectively will be cutting his ties to Risk and taking some career risk.  I am sure if it does not work out you or some other company would welcome Dave in a risk role.  Let me know what you think or just call me and we can get together.  Tom 
  The following is the spreadsheet for the Texas Desk. 
 Jim,  I could not open the attachment, can you resend it.  Tom 
 Jeff,  Let's talk because I think it may make more sense to flip the other way.  I was hoping to continue using Dave in the morning in the cash trading activities.  So maybe he can run the Texas Risk group while trading phyical similar to what Daren is doing on the Logistics side.  Tom 
 Ed,  Sorry, I have been out for a few days.  We have been marking the curves appropriately every day.  Eric Bass and Dave Baumbach have continued to get broker quotes twice daily for the duration of the book and to mark the curves correctly.  If you have any specific problems in Texas let me know.  Tom 
 I am in ENA Gas Trading.  I believe I am getting e-mails for Martin Thomas.  If that is who you are trying to communicate with please check your name selection.  This is happening a lot.  If know others that may be trying to communicate with Martin Thomas please pass the word.  thanks,  Tom 
 Thanks for the update.  Tom 
 Pagers, Cell Phones, etc should be cancelled as of closing which I believe to be June 1st, I will let you know if there are any changes.  When I arrange for new traders I will need computers for them.  I have talked to Ed and Brian and they have agreed to give me 4 computers back prior to closing.  I anticipate needing 2 of them prior to the end of the month.  How much lead time do you need to have them brought down here?  Did you get the message out about customer entertainment?  Thanks,  Tom 
 Everything other than the LDC business has been done in the name of HPL even if not physically located on HPL.  I want to start intiating transactions that are not physically on HPL in the name of ENA so they would not have to transfer as part of the sale (ie. Waha, Katy Tailgate and Carthaqe Hub).  I understand Dave Baumbach has arranged a meeting with you and Jeff Hodge to discuss.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I have asked Dave to set up a meeting with you and Barbara on this subject.  I thought there were exclusions relative to EOL transactions and points that do not directly impact HPL.  The problem for me is that if I want to do terms deals in these locations now I want to be able to keep them as ENA and not transfer them with the HPL sale.  Let's talk as soon as possible so I can have clear understanding of the rules of engagement for ENA now and after the close.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Yes if they are for Las Vegas.  There was a team building trip approved by John at the beginning of the year.  Are you planning to put together the monthly EOL volume actuals versus performance targets as described in the 2001 Plan?  Thanks,  Tom 
 I am generally available in the afternoons after 3:00.  Have your assistant schedule some time either this week or next so we can talk about the Wellhead Book.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Thanks for the info.  I wanted to pick your brain about cars for Mom and Dad.  My initial research of Large Cars and Luxury Cars in Consumer Report did not yield a lot of obvious choices to me.  I only considered CR "Recomended " cars.  There are a few options in the $20,000 to $25,000 range for example the Ford Crown Victoria/Mecury Grand Marquis; but I do not believe the cars in this price range will give them the same luxury and comfort that they are used to.  The only car in the $30,000 to $35,000 range is the Buick Park Avenue which I think will be a pretty close fit to what they are driving now but I'm not sure they want to spend this kind of money.  Of course the really nice luxury cars that will sure to satisfy them for example, the Lincoln Town Car and Cadillac Deville are in the $40,000 to $45,000 range.  Dad said he spent $23,000 for his Olds 98 in 1991 and would like to have something that rides as quite and comfortable as it but not spend big bucks.  My plan at this time is to focus on the Crown Victoria/Grand Marquis and the Park Avenue first and see if they come close to meeting Mom and Dad's needs.  Any Thoughts?  Love,  Tom 
 If you recall there was a physical term supply transaction done at Thompsonville with EEX during the time you were trying to get the letter of intent with AEP done.  I thought that there were some unique financing issues that required Enron to retain the transaction.  It appears that is not the case and since this supply is at a split connect location with HPL it should probably go with the sale.  I just want to make sure that the swap is done correctly to keep Enron whole.  Any thoughts?  Tom 
 Fine.  Tom 
 Attached are the rates for April.  I know the King Ranch and Agua Dulce rates to HSC are a mute point with the work on the A/S Line.  Needless to say we will be a seller either during Bidweek and/or on a daily basis on A/S South.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I think Gary Bryan already sent you a list that had this info.  Let me know if you did not get it.  Tom 
 Jim and I will be on vacation from March 12th thru March 16th.  Jim took a lap top computer with him and is reachable by cell phone.  Kim has our pager and cell phone numbers.  I will be calling in to see how Eric is doing and to see if any of my folks have any questions about their employment contracts.  I asked Philip to keep an eye on Eric as well.  Eric sat in the morning meeting today and will fill for me next week.  Thanks,  Tom 
 You guys have the list right?  Can you send it to Mike?  Tom 
 I received notice today that Elsa Villareal , Gary Lamphier and Ed Gottlob have accepted jobs with AEP as part of the sale of HPL (not to leave until closing).    This means that my staffing needs after closing are as follows:  1 Lead Physical Trader 1 Physical Trader 1 Basis Trader (or at least an asst. trader)  1 Industrial/Utility Middle Marketer/Originator 1 Supply Middle Marketer/Originator  I met with Jeanie Slone and the internal recruiters today to start the external search process for an experienced physical trader and industrial marketer. I am hoping the other positions can be filled internally with associates and/or internal commercial personnel.  I delivered employment contracts to Janet Wallis, Jim Schwieger, Stacy Neuweiller, Eric Bass and Daren Farmer.  They all wanted to review the documents and talk to me next week about it.  Janet did not give a good feeling that she would be willing to sign it.  I know that she has been contacted by companies other  than AEP about job opportunities and I know other Enron Units have talked to her as well.  Although we met Jim's numbers he is still hung up on the super vesting language for options; I'll keep working on him.  The others I did not get any read on, but I will talk to them next week.  Given the severe shortage of talent that my desk is going to experience from the HPL transaction I want you to consider realocating experienced talent from other trading and middle marketing desks to the Texas desk.  I will follow up with you when I return from vacation on Monday, March 19th.  Thanks,  Tom 
  Yes, this deal should go to AEP with the HPL transaction.  The reason there are no forward volumes booked is because they have a monthly election to nominate baseload gas daily priced gas or wait and nominate daily volumes priced at gas daily.  At any rate there is no way to know in forward months what they are going to take subject to contractual maximums.  If you have any further questions let me know.  Thanks,  Tom 
  Thanks for the invite but I have a family commitment on that day.  Tom 
 My basis trader is out Friday, so I need to cover his EOL stack until 3:30.  I can get together with you after 3:30.  Monday I am booked. Any way that we can get together after 3:30 Friday?  Tom 
 Tuesday begins Bidweek.  I try to restrict time away from the desk to after 2:15.  Is that possible?  Tom 
 Works for me.  Tom 
 Sherrie,  I talked to Karen Buckley and she said that the HR analyst and associate program is currently full but may be looking to hire again in the summer.  She told me that there may HR needs and/or recruiting needs in specific divisions that she is not aware of.  Her recommendation is to look on the Enron Job Seeker website to see if there are any specific jobs that may be of interest to you.  Call me if you after you look at the website and let me know if there are any opportunities that make sense for you.  Tom 
   Sorry we have not talked again recently.  I have been trying to get a better handle on other personnel movement on the gas floor that has an impact on my needs.  I would like to talk further with you.  Maybe we can get together next week after work for a beer and talk about what your interests are and I can tell you more about my needs.  I am open Tuesday - Thursday.  Let me know if you can get away.  If not let's try to set up some time to talk in the afternoon.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Lauri,  Here are the rates for May.  Again the A/D long haul rates are irrelevant for most of the month.  Call me if you have any questions.   Thanks,  Tom 
 Since I anticipate that we will be trying to inject and Katy is the only location that helps, I am trying to give us a little extra incentive to get gas in the ground.  I don't anticipate buying much Clear Lake gas other than the short that we have there (6,500/d I think).  Tom 
 Mtg w/Dave Baumbach, Pushkar Shahi, Jim Coffey, and Gary Hickerson Laura set up meeting - EB32c2 w/permission from Rain 01/30/01 
