is year has fallen from a high of $90 = to $25.  So much for getting stock options as your bonus.  Anyway, the World Trade attacks have not really changed much down here.  Th= ere seems to be more hype than anything else, you know anything the media c= an latch its teeth into rip apart.  I'm actually getting tired of all the r= umors and fear mongering that is going on.  I figure if my time is up, than= so be it, but I'm not going to spend all day worrying about it, its a wast= e of energy.  I hope the new job goes well.  I'm glad to hear that your back working, I w= as starting to worry about you a little.  You know what can happen when peo= ple lock themselves in their house and don't get out enough they tend to st= op going out all together.  Anyway, its time for me to start working so I have to go now.  Take care an= d have fun at your new job!  Love  Jon  PS.  I lost your address in my move.  Could you please email me your physic= al address so I can mail you the money I owe you. Thanks 
 How is everyone.....mother, child.........father?  I hope everything went smooth.   Are you taking this one to hockey practice or dance class?  Include me in the mass e-mail when you get a chance.  Jon 
 I am still sick as hell, but I thought I would try running today any interest? 
 I'm in..........I can't refuse a free needle. 
 Are you a father yet?.... If not do you want to run on the treadmills or play squash tonight? 
 General computer 	Login :	 Jmckay1	password: iiiiiii! 
 Hello,  I was just dropping this note to see if anyone was interested in getting together for the Rice Owls homecoming game against Tulsa this weekend.  Game time is 2 pm and I thought we would get walk-up tickets (eveyman for himself).  If people are interested we would have a little tailgate party prior to kick-off and watch the 6-3 Owls (undefeated at home)  kill the Tulsa Hurricanes.  Drop me a line if you have interest as I am trying to get critical mass.  Jon  PS. Please invite anyone that has interest in coming along and bring your kids if you have them. 
 Glen,  So its time for Monday night football and I was thinking about how you'd hi= tting on some waitress at Hooters.  Ahhhhh those were the days!   How are t= hings going?  What's new in the world?  Things here seem to be running ther= e course.  Remember the movie Wall Street where they arrest "Bud Fox" for i= nsider trading and it is the beginning of the end.  Well I think Bud might = have worked here, and the whole company seems to be coming down with him.  = I don't know if it is getting much press in Canada but the mighty Enron has= fallen on hard times and we are in the process of merging with another com= pany down here as a way of staying afloat.  We seem to have run out of cash= and can't pay the bills.  Visa and Mastercard are maxed out.  Its kind of = got me soul searching and I'm trying to decided what to do next.  I can sta= y where I am and wait and see what comes of the merger, but its kind of lik= e sticking with the Expo's, no one is certain what the future is. Or, I can= try and jump ship, catch on with another gas trading company, but the prob= lem is the grass is Never as green on the other side of the fence.  Hence t= he soul searching and dilemma.  Anyway, I just thought I'd drop you a note,= see how things are going.  Dolphins seem to be doing ok, 6-2, life could b= e worse.  I'm going to Tampa Bay for American Thanksgiving and kind of looking forwar= d to the couple of days off.  And I'm coming to Calgary for Christmas.  I g= et in late Friday the 21st and head back to Houston Sunday the 30th.  Maybe= we could get everyone together and go skiing one day, drinks at minimum.  = Anyway I have to get back to work.  I hope all is well in Cow town and say = hi to one of the waitress for me tonight   Jon 
 Sorry I missed your call last night, I had to pick-up my car.  Any interest in exercise?.... Give me a call if you can make time.  Jon  PS.  Nice articles in the Wall Street Journal and NY Times 
 You can't send this to my work.... send it to bjenkins2@houston.rr.com...  Thanks, Jon Very funny though 
 Had to send you that email.... company policy... keep me on the list just but at home instead.   I thought the stamps were out of it?... 
 Just want to make sure we are meeting at 6:00 AM to run tomorrow.  Regards,  Jon 
 I am interested in moving to the Enron Center or if nothing is available to Allen Center.  I work in Enron Center South and my company number is 0413 and my cost center is RC 107313.  Regards,  Jonathan McKay 
 I thought since you wanted to talk, we would skip going to dinner to night.... we'll go tomorrow with tom and miranda.  And the real reason for canceling is ...I'm going to play golf.... I have my cell phone if you need me.  Jon  XO 
 Frank,  By not being able to trade C$ denominated products we would not be able to trade most of the physical products including cash, one month, index gas, or be able facilitate long term structures.  Having said that, if the time period for not trading these products was only 45 days, they could get past that without any major damage being done.  It will take longer to get physical contracts in place in Canada than it will financial.  The extra time the Canadian office would have before it traded physical C$ products would allow them to obtain a critical mass of trading counter parties.  If it was going to be 120 or 180 days, then there would be problems.  I hope this helps, let me know if you need any else.  Regards,  Jon 
 This is why we have to run! 
 Dear Mrs. Kemp,  My name is Jonathan McKay and the reason I am contacting you is with respect to obtaining sponsorship to become member of the local CFA society. I moved from Calgary, Canada in September and I am not familiar with anyone that belongs to the Houston chapter. I obtained your name from the AIMR website and would appreciate any help you could offer me as far as sponsorship or putting me in contact with some of the local members.  I have completed the third level exam and need this sponsorship in order to obtain my designation.  I can be contacted at (h) 713 225 -1230, (w) 713 853 - 4810, or via email at jonathan.mckay@enron.com.  Thank you,  Jon McKay 
 Hello,  In order to make sure that our records are complete during the holiday season, could you please forward a copy of your quote sheets to Chance Rabon at Chance.Rabon@enron.com, as well as sending them to me.  I will be on holidays from Friday 21st, till the end of the year and Chance will be helping clean up Enron business and be preparing for our business to re-emerge.  Your patients and help are greatly appreciated and I look forward to speaking with you in the new year.  Have a happy and safe holiday season.  Jon 
 Please plan on attending this meetig  Thanks  Jon 
 At one point I had my bid above my offer................not good.  I'll just meet you at the loft later...........may go for a run........or a beer. 
 Its jmckay1  Thank you 
 Kam,  Could you please grant me access to the "EAST-P/L Totals" and "EAST POSITION Totals" Reports.  They are currently being sent to me via e-mail but I am unable to open them.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks 
 Hey,  Houston is Hot hot hot..........So far the living arrangements are good, however, I remain cautious about the potential going forward.  The loft is very cool (i.e. trendy, not cool temperature), but I can hear the sucking sound on my bank account.  Its only been a couple of days, but so far so good.  My email address is the same and you can get a hold of me by sending me a note.  I think I may have sold my house, there is still a few thing to be worked out, but I'll let you know when I'm comin' back to Calgary so you can pick-up some of the kitchen stuff.  Regards,  Jon 
 Email me when you're back in town...........I don't have a phone number yet..........and we'll hook up.  Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks for the encouragement................Its going to take some time to get up to speed, but I'll be sure to let you know if anything looks good as far as trades for the North East.  Regards,  Jon 
 Just in the process of selling the house.   The prospective buyers need to secure financing.  How much are you looking to convert as I am long some USD from liquidating some investments in Canada and may be able to help convert some currency earlier.  Let me know.  Regards,  Jon  PS. How is the good life treating you? 
 Melba,  Chris Lambie, Chris Dorland, Mike Cowan, and Chad Clark will be managing products.  All Canadian traders will need transaction capabilities.  I do not think that any "view only" access will be needed.  Thank you,  Jon   PS. I am moving to Houston permanently tomorrow and will have to pass this responsibility off to Chris Lambie. 
 Hey, Jeff is this the correct email address to reach you?  Regards,  Jon 
 This is accurate....Please take notes if you have to.  XO Jon 
 Garage at 4:30, I hope you can make it!  Jon 
 Helllllooooo Aunt,  I'm on my way to Houston tomorrow.  I've sold the China cabinets, but not the TV cabinet. (Still working on it!)  Some people have finally shown a bid for my house but its a little less than I really wanted to sell it for, so I'm stalling.  I've pretty much sold everything else I own except for the knick-knacks.  I have to come back in a couple of weeks and take care of actually moving everything and collecting the money.   I'll be sure to keep you informed when I know more.   Love  Jon 
 please price 
  Sorry, I was out Friday.  How's about com'in out for a beer Tuesday with the whole gang?  If your uncomfortable with hangin' out with a bunch of Enron people then maybe we can catch a QUICK one tonight.  Cheers 
 The AGA number was definitely more bullish than anyone expected and it has caused us to rally to levels that I didn't think we were going to see a long time.  But, I do not think that the trend has changed.  In my humble opinion, I think that the number was probably an adjustment of over statements of inventory over the past 8 weeks. I do not believe that the number should have any baring on the numbers going forward.  I still expect us to trend down, but it will probably take an extra week to recover from this move.  Regards,  Jon 
 Empress can be traded in either, but for these purposed we would have it in USD/MMBtu.  Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks for looking into this for me.  Hopefully these answers help.  Is this the index for all products?   Yes,  we would like to have the ability to offer all western Canadian products under this formate.  Under this structure we will be buying/selling natural gas in exchange for "the last scheduled Trading Day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract" modified by the price submitted by the counterparty on the website. Which ones will be the locations you will be using?  We will be putting out AECO, Sumas, Station 2, and Empress products under this format. Please match a Risk Book assignment to each location	AECO/Empress  - FT-Cand-EGSC and Sumas/Station 2 - FT-Cand-EGSC-BC Who will be the trader?  Chris Lambie for AECO and Empress; Chris Dorland for Sumas/Station 2 Who will be the risk book administrator?  Chelsea Bardel - (403) 974 6957 What will be the terms trading? We would like to have the ability to set up a bunch of products beyond 1 Month.  To start with: Nov01,Dec01, Nov01-Mar02, Apr02-Oct02, Nov02-Mar03, Apr03-Oct03.  If you need a more through explaination please let me know.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Start Date	October		November  1year		4.64		4.71 2year		4.82		4.86 3year		4.91		4.94 5year		5.01		5.02  Regards,  Jon 
 4.66 offer  --  Currency is helping, but the NYMEX is not agreeing.  Jon 
 It's time to make good on the Enron Canada tax treaty arrangement.  In return for "service rendered" (tax that is) you are cordially invited to golf at Kananaskis at 12:09 pm on Sunday, August, 19th.  If transportation services are needed please RSVP.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 1 year    4.615 2 year    4.79 3 year    4.88 5 year    4.99  Go Flames Go....... 
 Here is how Gator's treat there young.  Also, you are  correct, the API polls have Florida ranked one, Miami ranked two, and Florida State ranked 6.  Florida did not have the most vote for the number one place (Miami had more) but non the less are coming out of the gate in the number one spot.  Do you think the sports writers spent all their time in Florida, or what?  Crazy! 
 Don't worry with the 11GJ's just as long as we have the proper volumes over here.  Also, leap years are observed in the gas business.  When working out the number of days on excel, if you take the month in advance and subtract the current month it will give the correct number of days (including leap years).  Regards,  Jon 
 Good job!!!!!!!!...........Sorry, about getting you some of the other prices you needed.  I have been having problems with my email, but I think its been Finally fixed.  Let me know if you need any thing today.  Regards,  Jon 
  I have a plane ticket  booked for a week from tomorrow.  Please come by and take a look.  I'm around in the evenings or on the weekend.  Call me at home 249-8322, or come on by 4712 Grove Hill Road. S.W.  Regards,  Jon  PS. I'll make sure we get out for a drink before l leave. 
 1 year	4.525 2 year	4.705 3 year	4.80 5 year	4.90  All offer's out of November.  Regards,  Jon 
 Ticket booked...........I'm making a run for the boarder on Aug. 22.......Wish me luck!  Jon 
 Sierras West                Hillsboro Enterprises                   Area Managers  1 year                4.43                                4.42                                       4.44  2 year                4.605                              4.59                                       4.63  3 year                4.685                              4.67                                       4.72   Don't fumble these!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Regards,  Jon 
  Thanks for your help. 
 5 year out of Oct offer 4.85 
 5  year offer 4.84 
 1 year  4.51 2 year  4.675 3 year  4.75 5 year  4.85 
 I have assumed you wanted an end date of 31-Oct-2002.  Which would result in an offer of 4.44.  If you need a different time period please advise.  Regards,  Jon 
 4.705 offer 
  FYI 
 Absolutely................... I think I owe you at least one. 
 Thanks 
 Thank You!  Now I need somebody to sponsor me....................Any takers? ................ Unclear as to the repercussions to your own CFA for venturing down this path.  Cheers 
 Oct 01 - Sep 04 offered at 4.725  Regards,  Jon 
 Are what there?????????????  Smiles :) 
 SMED  Nov. 1 year offer 4.42 Nov. 2 year offer 4.60 Nov. 3 year offer 4.675 Nov. 5 year offer 4.76 
  yahoo......way to go.....keep'm com'in!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 The sooner I know the better, but as always, good till one o'clock. 
