 Abel,  We are staying at the Holiday Hotel and will be arriving in the afternoon on Thursday, Sept. 7. Please book us for Sept. 8 and 9 .  We will plan on talking with you when we arrive on Sept. 7 about the details.  Thanks,  Scott Neal 
 Abel,  We are staying at the Holiday Hotel and will be arriving in the afternoon on Thursday, Sept. 7. Please book us for Sept. 8 and 9 .  We will plan on talking with you when we arrive on Sept. 7 about the details. 
 fyi 
 yes please take care of this for me.  thank you. 
 US Govt. data -   Business inventories rose 0.9% in June, exceeding analysts' expectations of a 0.6% rise and matching the revised May figure. Retailers saw the biggest increase; their inventories rose 1.2% in June. Total business sales were also up 0.9% in June, a slightly weaker showing than the revised 1.1% rise posted in May. The inventory-to-sales ratio--the number of months it would take to empty the nation's warehouses, store shelves, and sales lots at the current rate of sales--remained at 1.32, just off its all-time low. In a separate report, the Fed said industrial production rose 0.4% in July, double the pace in June. Industrial production, which measures output at U.S. factories, utilities, and mines, is now 5.8% stronger than it was this time last year, due mainly to continued growth in high-tech manufacturing. > 
 I think his interest is a marketing/oringination/business development role. 
 thank you very much for the info. 
 Please take time to consider giving to the United Way this year.  You can make your contribution by going to http:unitedway.enron.com.   Thanks 
 I have forgotten my user name and password.  I work for Enron.  Can you help me?  Thank you,  Scott Neal 
 Please plan to attend an Origination Strategy meeting on Thursday 8/17 at 2:30pm.  We will be meeting with Gil Muhl, Janet Dietrich and others to discuss customer coverage, deal flow, strategic deals/customers etc.  I think the meeting is going to held offsite  at either the Doubletree or Hyatt.  Details to follow.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 A quick summary of the NYMEX meeting I attended on August 10.  1.   eNYMEX  NYMEX has begun developing an internet based trading system to replace Access and to handle basis trading. The system is targeted to launch some time during Q4  2000.   The basis products that might be traded are    Nymex swap, AECO (C$/gj  fxd/float), Transco Z6, Chicago City Gate, Houston Ship Channel.  2.  TAS   Overwhelming support of the TAS pilot program from trade players with locals opposed.  A motion was passed to    add expiration day to the current TAS pilot program.  The motion is to be presented to the NYMEX board in the    next few weeks.  3. AGA data release Favorable comments regarding the 1pm release of the weekly storage data.  4.  Sabine Hub discounts  Sabine is considering offering some discount through the Hub for volume commitment.   Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 fyi.  Please follow up to make sure these $ are going to the correct p&l. 
 I enjoyed meeting you as well. 
 Paul Posoli  (VP?) heads up risk management/trading.  He is an ex Enron guy. Saundra (sp?) Lockard is a contract admin. person.  I used to work with Saundra at Meridian Oil. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 What is the status of these invoices/payments? 
 16 
 communicated today.  thanks for the reminder. 
 thanks for the update. 
 please add to my schedule 
 de nada 
 Thanks for the invitation but I will be unable to attend.  I going to be in Belize! Have fun and good luck!  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 see approval attached 
 Scott Neal Dick Jenkins Jared Kaiser (scheduled to be out of town) Craig Taylor Robin Barbie Tammy Depolis 
 Go Verizon! 
 you're welcome 
 thanks. 
 Hola, Carolina. Un gran besito a vos.  I htink that Victor LaMadrid can help you and he speaks spanish, too.  Tell everyone in BA  "hola". 
 A couple of deals that we might consider reserving some prudency against.  TBG  - sale Duke (FGT/Manchester-LNG) - purchase  I will update later today if we can think of other deals to consider. 
 Have we captured these dollars in our P&L?   Let's make sure we are getting credit, if appropriate. 
 I will pay you Monday,  but please remind me if I forget.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 That's too bad.  i am sure you learned a lot from the experience which will serve you well on the next one.  Keep plugging.   Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   08/01/2000 12:39 PM 
 Everything is good here. Gary has been with Enron for quite a while.  Most recently, he managed interest rate and foreign exchange/currency risk.  You should give him a call or email.  Besitos a las chicas de Filo.  Suerte,  Scott   Pablo Acevedo @ ENRON   08/01/2000 12:37 PM 
 James is a neighbor and  good friend of mine.  He and his wife went to school with my wife.  Although I have never worked with James, my view is he is a marketer/originator/business developer.    Enron de Mexico 
 Jeff,  fyi - We will be out of town.  Thanks, Scott 
 please remind me that I have a dentist's appt. on Thursday, Aug. 3 at 4:00pm.  I need to leave here about 3:15pm.   thank you. 
 http://www.bondsonline.com/ 
 I agree. 
 Thank you for the invitation but I will be unable to attend. Have a great time and thanks again for thinking of me and Enron. 
 Network Appliance Selects TIBCO Software to Support Enterprise System Initiatives  TIBCO Technology Enables Network Appliance to Integrate Its Internal Enterprise Systems Without Disrupting Its Business  PALO ALTO, Calif., July 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Advancing its leadership in the application integration space, TIBCO Software Inc. (Nasdaq: TIBX - news), a leading provider of real-time infrastructure software for e-business, announced today Network Appliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: NTAP - news), the leading provider of network-attached data access and content management solutions, has selected the TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec e-business product suite to integrate its internal enterprise systems and applications. As a fast growing company, Network Appliance has been continually implementing best-in-class enterprise systems such as enterprise resource planning, customer resource management, human resources and manufacturing applications. To integrate these disparate systems and ensure that the right people within Network Appliance have access to the information they need, Network Appliance turned to TIBCO.  ``We need an integration tool that will not only enable us to share information internally, but will also enable us to extend access to this information beyond our corporate firewalls, as we expand our e-commerce capabilities,'' said Ric McCormick, director of business applications for Network Appliance. ``TIBCO's proven e-business solutions provide us with the scalability, security and reliability we need to ensure that our technology infrastructure can keep up with our business growth, and just as important, that our vital business processes not be disrupted as we continue to implement new solutions.''  ``To be successful e-businesses, companies need a highly efficient information infrastructure that connects every system and process in the enterprise,'' said Fred Meyer, vice president of product management for TIBCO Software. ``TIBCO ActiveEnterprise is helping leading companies like Network Appliance further leverage their front-end and back-end IT systems and bring those systems closer to customers and partners over the Web.''  About TIBCO ActiveEnterprise  The core of TIBCO's real-time software infrastructure offering is the TIBCO ActiveEnterprise suite, designed for building a complete, end-to-end Internet and enterprise infrastructure that successfully scales to the most demanding business information networks. It provides a real-time e-business integration platform that encompasses data integration and transformation, business process coordination, messaging, enterprise portals and alerting, adapters for legacy, packaged and third-party applications, plus enterprise monitoring and management.  About Network Appliance  Network Appliance, Inc., a veteran in network file serving and caching, has been providing data access solutions since 1992, and is a member of both the S+P 500 and Nasdaq 100 index. Major corporations and ISPs, including Lycos, Yahoo!, Citicorp Securities, Siemens, Lockheed, Cisco, Motorola, and Texas Instruments have deployed NetApp solutions. NetApp Internet caching solutions (NetCache(TM) appliances) and file servers (filers) deliver fast, simple, reliable, and cost-effective access to network-stored data and enable simultaneous shared file services for UNIX, Windows NTc, and the World Wide Web.  The company pioneered the concept of the ``network appliance,'' an extension of the industry trend toward dedicated, specialized products that perform a single function. Network Appliance filers and NetCache appliances are based on the company's innovative data access software known as the Data ONTAP(TM) operating system and standards-compliant hardware.  About TIBCO Software  TIBCO Software Inc. is a leading provider of real-time e-business infrastructure software. TIBCO's three product lines -- TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec, TIBCO ActiveExchange(TM) and TIBCO ActivePortal(TM) -- enable businesses to integrate enterprise applications, interact with other businesses in B2B commerce, and efficiently deliver personalized information through enterprise portals. TIBCO's products enable the real-time distribution of information through patented technology called The Information Busc, or TIBc. TIB technology was first used to digitize Wall Street and has since been adopted in diverse industries including telecommunications, electronic commerce, manufacturing and energy. TIBCO's global client base includes more than 1,000 customers from around the world such as Cisco Systems, Yahoo!, Ariba, NEC, 3Com, Sun Microsystems, SAP, Philips, AT&T and AOL/Netscape. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, TIBCO can be reached at 650-846-1000 or on the web at www.tibco.com.  NOTE: Network Appliance is a trademark of Network Appliance, Inc. in the United States and other countries. TIBCO, TIBCO ActiveEnterprise, TIBCO ActiveExchange, TIBCO ActivePortal, The Information Bus and TIB are trademarks or registered trademarks of TIBCO Software Inc.  Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release may contain forward-looking statements regarding TIBCO's business, customers or other factors that may affect future earnings or financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements can be found in TIBCO Software's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC''), including but not limited to its registration statement on Form S-1 which was filed with the SEC, and the most recent reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements including limited independent operating history, history of losses, unpredictability of future revenue, dependence on a limited number of customers, relationship with Reuters Group PLC, rapid technological and market changes, risks associated with infrastructure software and volatility of stock price. Copies of filings made with the SEC are available through the SEC's electronic data gather analysis and retrieval system (EDGAR) at www.sec.gov. TIBCO assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this document. 
 You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow.  Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow.  Call if you have questions 713 853 4723 713 365 9035 
 You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow.  Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow.  Call if you have questions 713 853 4723 713 365 9035 
 see the attached resume below.  I don't know this guy but thought I'd pass it along to you. 
 please add to my schedule.  thank you. 
 please remind me of this meeting  2:30pm Thursday 7/20  EB2949 
 thanks for the info. 
 just come by - I'll contribute. 
 I have recieved the feedback forms that were completed by several people for Connie.  If you have any additional feedback to add you can email it to me.   Thanks. 
 glad to be of assistance. 
 thanks for the info. 
 please add individual HPL contact and Texas desk contact.  thanks. 
 perfect.   thank you.    Enron North America Corp. 
 we need to make sure we go through this approval for Tammy's upcoming meeting. 
 please forward to everyone in our group. 
 thank you.  I found everything last night. 
 let's talk this afternoon.    Enron North America Corp. 
 please have someone pick this up for me today.  thank you. 
 please add to my schedule 
 riday July 7, 11:43 am Eastern Time  Company Press Release  SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission  Columbia Gas Transmission Files Innovative Capacity Auction Process With FERC  FAIRFAX, Va., July 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Continuing its quest to promote creative regulatory policies, Columbia Gas Transmission, a wholly owned subsidiary of Columbia Energy Group, has urged the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to consider an interactive, Internet-based pipeline capacity auction process that enhances Columbia's current open auction process.  In a first of its kind filing, Columbia proposes a ``bid/offer'' system for selling capacity similar to on-line natural gas commodity trading systems. The filing was made in response to customer concerns with the current process and is consistent with sentiments expressed in FERC's Order 637, which encourages companies to voluntarily submit ``new and innovative approaches'' to capacity auctions. Since the filing is not required under Order 637, Columbia's proposed auction is separate from Columbia's Order 637 compliance filing made June 15.  ``Under the current mechanism, capacity is not always awarded to the party that places the highest value on it,'' said Carl Levander, vice-president of Rates and Regulatory Policy for Columbia Gas Transmission. ``Even though we conduct our current capacity auction over a five-day period, parties often wait until the last 15 minutes to place a bid. Also, since the current process is based on set time periods, customers often call us back after the auction is closed saying they valued the capacity greater than the winning bid.''  According to Levander, Columbia's proposal addresses these concerns by moving to an enhanced, Internet-based interactive auction that takes into consideration such current market conditions as daily fluctuations in capacity value and the increased level of auction activity due to shorter-term contracts.  Under Columbia's proposed ``bid/offer'' system, Columbia would ``offer'' (via its electronic bulletin board) sales terms for all its available firm capacity. Customers can then match all asking sales terms for any portion of the quantity and a sale is immediate and binding. If Columbia offers discounted capacity, the customer can counter-offer with a different rate. Or, if Columbia offers maximum rate capacity, then a customer can counter-offer with a different term length. Columbia can match the highest bid, subject to a present value process, and the sale is immediate and binding. At any time before a binding sale, the customer can change or withdraw its bid.  Columbia's ``bid/offer'' auction proposal meets the six basic principles outlined in FERC's Order 637.  *     Columbia's auction has predictable timing since the auction will begin each day at 9:15 a.m. (EST) and all available capacity will be posted prior to 8:00 a.m. (EST). *     The auction will be open to all creditworthy bidders on a non- discriminatory basis. *     The auction is user-friendly since it will use Columbia's existing EBB format. All information concerning rules and procedures will be made available on the Internet. *     The method of selecting the best bid will be easily understood since bidders will only be able to change one variable with respect to each capacity package made available. *     As is Columbia's current practice, winning bids and the bidder's identity will be posted to permit monitoring of how the selection criteria were applied. *     The bidding process will be transparent to all parties since all bids (without the bidder's identity) will be available for review to all bidders through an Internet-based system.   ``We believe the combination of these factors will ensure that the capacity auction format is 'transparent, verifiable, and non-discriminatory' to all parties as well as innovative in design,'' Levander said.  Levander said the proposal not only meets the Commission's principles, it is based on feedback gathered from customers, who expressed a desire for transparent market information; shorter auction periods; an ability to withdraw and change bids; and a real-time, immediate closure process.  Columbia Gas Transmission, with offices in Charleston, W.Va., and Fairfax, Va., moves an average of three billion cubic feet of natural gas per day to markets along a 12,550-mile pipeline network, which reaches across 10 Midwestern, Northeastern and mid-Atlantic states. The company operates one of the largest natural gas storage systems in the country with over 240 billion cubic feet (Bcf) of working capacity.  Columbia Energy Group, based in Herndon, Va., is one of the nation's leading energy services companies, with assets of approximately $7 billion. Its operating companies engage in nearly all phases of the natural gas business, including exploration and production, transmission, storage and distribution, as well as retail energy marketing, propane and petroleum product sales, and electric power generation. Information about Columbia Energy Group (NYSE: CG - news) is available on the Internet at http://www.columbiaenergygroup.com.  SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission  Email this story - View most popular stories emailed   More Quotes and News: Columbia Energy Group (NYSE:CG - news) Related News Categories: government, internet, oil/energy, utilities    Help   Copyright , 2000 Yahoo! All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service Copyright 2000 PRNewswire. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire. PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Questi 
 please remind Dick and me of this meeting. 
 I have a dentist appointment on Tuesday, July 11 at 4:00pm. I will be leaving the office around 3:15pm. 
 please add to my schedule. 
 please reserve a seat for me.  thank you. 
 fyi - notice Heating Oil stocks below. 
 thank you, julie.  Scott 
 Can you please send me a copy of the NGPL transportation deal structure?  Thank you. 
 I am representing him.  I definately need some feedback/ranking before this PRC meeting on July 19. 
 fyi 
 please add this to my calender.  thank you. 
 John Massey 
 No problem, we will have them to you by 2pm.   Also, I am still working on getting this info to you in a more systematic manner but our IT people are currently swamped. 
 we need to have this info to them by 1:00pm our time. 
 please find out what dates are available for this program, I need to attend some time before year end. 
 Jason,  This is perfect.  Thank you for your assistance. 
 I will be there.  I think I will start earlier in the morning because I have tickets to the Astro's game. 
 sorry for the mistake. IMD Tx Eastern ELA   sitara# 279991 
 TETCO  ELA   sitara #27991  Scott Hendrickson might be the trader on the other deal, depending on the pipeline, but he is not aware of it. Do you know the pipeline for this deal? 
 yes, still on for dinner. 7:30pm is ok for me.  let know where and when.  I look forward to seeing you and Scott. 
 that is the correct address.  I will complete and return the evaluation in the next few days.  thank you for your help. 
 Kathy Kelly EXCELLENT    The performance of the group in the area of operations/logistics is superior.  Kathy is able to manage multiple tasks and is able to get performance form her people.  Even with the dramatic growth of  our business, the ops group has been able to manage to sustain a very high level of performance.  I think Kathy could improve in the commercial area (idetifying important data/market info) and thinking of ways to improve our business model though systems, organizational structure, etc..  Ed Terry  SASTIFACTORY/STRONG   Similar comments as above in the area of operations/logistics.  Ed's scope is fairly narrow, very centered to operations/logistics.   I would like Ed to improve his ability/wllingness to make decisions.   Very little commercial understanding, although shows interest in learning. 
 thanks for the info. 
 that sounds fine to me. 
 i will be there. 
 Absolutely! and have a great time. 
 Sarah Mulholland rotated to Global Products reporting to John Nolan. 
 I am planning to take vacation Sept. 6-8. 
 thanks for the info. 
 I am Alok's representative for the global Associate PRC meeting on July 19. I need some feed back on his performance/ranking for the first half of the year. 
 Scott Neal will be represting an associate in your group.  Please forward feedback to him no later than July 7.  Many Thanks   If you have more than one associate please contact Kimberly Brown x35193. 
 Anytime after 3:30pm today or after 2:30pm tomorrow.    Enron North America Corp. 
 sorry for the delay, I just checked my email  1.  yes 2. Lorraine Ryall met came to Houston during March 2000 for Gas Fair and she stopped by our office for a brief visit. 3.  I am not aware of any.  Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. 
 Thank you very much for your help. 
 have a nice time.  kimberly please note john's vacation on the calendar, thanks. 
 fyi 
 thanks.  I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea.  Let's make sure to do this once a month. 
 Please sign me up for the new garage. 
 Dad,  Attached is Brett's baseball schedule.  I will send Colton's schedule to you later.   Also, I deposited the Farm money into the Wells Fargo account over the weekend.  Scott 
 he's cute.  Congratulations!! 
 I believe Vince Kaminski could possibly be of assistance in this matter. 
 any new news regarding your possible move? 
 I will attend. 
 thanks. 
 please see a draft of the proposed rules and trading ticket.  please let me know if you have any questions or comments. 
 fyi - can you tell me who we're missing? 
 A few of you still need to return your signed 2000 performance reviews to me.  Please return to me ASAP. 
 scheduled to play golf with guys at work on Sunday morning.  Call Jared with exact time. 
 please forward to all East Desk members 
 David,  I think maybe clarifying "then go to the transaction search" with something like " then click on the Transaction History tab at the top of the screen" might be helpful. 
 I look forward to seeing this summer. 
 I talked with Chris Holmes last week and got very positive feedback about your interviews.  I told him about our working together in Argentina and your activities down there and gave him an overview of your skill set.  I have left a message with Mike Moore but he is out of town and he has not returned my call yet. I hope all is well with you.  I will call or email when I talk with the others.  Sincerely,  Scott 
 I have talked with Andrea Richards with Associate/Analyst program to arrange for you to have your first rotation in Trading. I hope all is well with you.  I look forward to seeing you this summer. Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything.  Scott Neal 
 We will be here  for Saturday practice but not for Tuesday.       ????  for Baseball fest. 
 John,  The attached Florida overview is a few months old.  Chris and Jared on working on an update.   We will get it to you when complete. 
 jared,  please get with Chris in order to update the attached Florida overview for Lavo. 
 Jeanie,  Who do I have that is outsanding?? 
 Please add my home email address:        sneal12@mindspring.com 
 Andrea,  The two gentlemen that I mentioned on my voice mail are Kevin Murray and Leonidas Savas.  Both are from LSU and start this summer as Associates.  Both have expressed their strong desire to have their first rotation in Trading and I think they would do a great job for us.   If you concur, please make a note to place them in Trading for their first rotation .  I have attached both resumes for your reference.  thanks,  Scott   - new leo's resume.doc  - resume1.doc 
 Also, send me a copy of your resume.  thanks. 
 All is well here.   It sounds like you are very busy.  I glad you are taking the options course - it will really benefit you.  Also,  Andrea Richards is the person I contacted with the Associate program to request that your first rotation be in the Trading group - so we should be in good shape on that front.  Her phone number is 713 853 6499 for your future reference.  Thanks for the email, I look forward to seeing you this summer.  Scott 
 philly,  what's the story?  escotty 
 Geynille,  I am out of the office this entire week on vacation, so I will be unable to participate. 
 see you then 
 Actually, it's better for me to pick you up because my meeting is near your hotel. 
 yes.  call me later.  also, my cellular phone number is 713 503 3466.  I have a meeting outside the office at 5:30pm.  I'll pick you up at the Doubletree between 6:30 and 7:00pm. 
 Please return signed 2000 Perfrmance Review sheets to me today or tomorrow.  Thank you,  Scott 
 please correct per your calculation 
 looks good to me. 
 I have 3 addtional candidates for consideration:  Seung-taek Oh (Associate - Credit Derivatives) Scott Loving   (East Logistics) Eric Boyt   ( Gas Structuring) 
 please pay robin $468 orig. from my book 
 my location is 3223D.  my extension is 34723.  What is your phone number? 
 I am on 32 at 3223D. 
 Andy, Kathy - can you help with this? 
 3223D 
 kimberly,  please take care of this. 
 Where are you staying? 
