e cookie sale may not be available until the evening of the 9th.  I've emailed the coordinator to see if we can get them earlier.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Julie-  Is there any chance that the recognitions will be available prior to May 9? Our troop is having its last meeting before the summer on the afternoon of May 9.  Let me know if I can help.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Just kidding with you.  Hope your hand is getting better.  See you on Monday.  Susan 
 Have you been drinking, Kimberly?? 
 David-  If I want to communicate with the other commission members, am I supposed to funnel it through you?  If so, I want to find out if anyone is interested in setting up a table at the carnival (April 21) to solicit public opinion on P&Z issues.  We could set up next to the tree committtee or share a table. I'll be at the carnival until about 3 pm; however, I'll be working from 12-2.  Also, we could solicit public opinion outside the clubhouse on election day, May 5.  I could do that anytime before 4 pm.  Anyone else interested???  Thanks,  Susan Pereira pereira@houston.rr.com susan.w.pereira@enron.com 713-349-8836 
 Ruth-  I went ahead and scheduled Kali to do the GSWEC camp the first two sessions. I've only put the deposit down, so I can get that money back if we decide to do the Blue Fox Farm camp instead.  Hopefully, we'll have that info the first week in May.  Marla is planning on signing up Blakely for the second session there, pending what the Blue Fox Farm schedule looks like.  I think Anna Edelman is also interested.  I left a message with Sue today letting her know that I was reserving a spot for Kali at GSWEC just in case the Blue Fox Farm doesn't work.  Thanks,  Susan 
 I can meet anytime after 11:00 am tomorrow, between 11 and 12 on Wednesday, anytime after 11 on Thursday, and after lunch on Friday.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 the ticket is 704011  Susan 
 March avg. + .01 = $5.00 April avg. + .01 = $5.35  Same transport & fuel deductions.  As for the BTU issue, Joe has talked with the Destin people several times about it.  They said they were going to get with Kahuna and straighten things out.  Joe will call again today.  Sorry about the delay, but we really have no control over it.  Susan 
 Kathy-  Our home email address has changed:  pereira@houston.rr.com  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I generally deal with Kari Dillard at BP.  This particular transaction was an intraday deal done on the 6th for flow on the 6th.  I assume it was Kari.  Thanks,  Susan 
 We ordered a computer, printer, scanner, etc.  We just returned the printer.  Susan Pereira 
 We returned the printer we had ordered through Click-at-Home.  We did not reorder another printer through ClickatHome.  Susan Pereira 
 Dear Mr. Junek-  Per Scott Goodell's advice, I am officially informing you that the CES offshore firm contract is now on your book.  Scott thinks that it is volumetric, so there should be no impact on you.  The wellhead desk will take this over as soon as their pools are set up on Col. Gulf.  Sincerely yours,  Susan (aka "the bitch") 
 Thanks for your help, Jan.  Renato just got home late last night.  I'll have to inform him of our travel plans!!  Talk to you soon.  Susan 
 Jan-  I was looking at the wrong week.  Sorry, stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses.  How much time should we spend in Rio?  Should we leave for Foz on the 11th?  I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal. That was the place he suggested and that sounds great.  I'll work on Renato when he gets back in town.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Sorry.  You probably sent it to my home email...  Susan 
 Thanks.  Susan  P.S.-Did you get my other email? 
 Tomorrow at 1:45 would work better.  Wednesday is AGA storage day and it's hard for me to get away before3pm.  Thanks, Susan 
 Jan-  I checked the website for the hotels at Foz.  The tourism website is down. It looks like  a great place.  I'll have to convince Renato to go (you know, he might miss out on working out for one day).  I think the kids might like it too.  Did Alexia and Sebastien like it or was it too much walking?  I asked my boss about it.  He went with his family when he was living in Argentina.  They really enjoyed it.  Can you go ahead and check on flights and which hotel to stay at?  The Hotel Colonial Iguacu e Spa looked like the nicer one on the internet.  I imagine the flights will be cheaper booking them there.  Is that right?  Let me know the airline and I'll check here.  I guess we would go on July 4 and return on July 5.  Also, would y'all want to go as well?  Thanks for your help.  Susan 
 Thanks.  See you on Thursday.  Susan 
 David-  The 22nd or 24th would work better for me.  Please check with the others on which day is more convenient.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Kathy-  I got your message.  Kali has been going to the Thursday practices, with the exception of the last three weeks due to rainout, spring break and a going away party for a friend.  She'll be there on this Thursday.  Do you have a uniform for her?  Maybe she would feel part of the team if she gets a shirt and has that for the next game.  I'll try to work on her.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 David-  Is the meeting on for April 2?  Susan 
 Ok, here's the plan.....  Kali and Michael will leave for Brazil with y'all on Wed. the 27th on the evening flight (?).  Let me know the exact Continental flight number so we can make the reservations.  We'll get the seat assignments coordinated later I guess.  Renato and I will take a flight out of Houston on the evening of July 6, arriving Saturday morning.   The four of us will return to Houston on the next Fri. night flight (13th).  I think we've decided not to go to Foz do Iguacu, since we have so little time.  Instead, we'd like to go to Rio for a few days.  Can we all go together and drive.  Maybe you could get hotel reservations there?  Let me know what you think.   We're excited about the trip.  The kids can't wait.  Susan 
 I would like to have a spot in the new garage.  Susan W. Pereira 
 Hi, Jan.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman has updated us on your mother's condition.  I know it must be stressful, especially from long distance.  Kali liked her birthday gifts.  Believe it or not, we didn't already have the World Pup movie. We had rented it back in February and the kids liked it.  I'm not sure if you got my last email before we left on vacation, but I was wondering what your travel schedule was in June.  When will you be arriving, when will you be returning (Kali has warmed up to the idea of travelling without us on the plane), etc.  The earliest we could leave for Brazil would be the evening of Friday, July 6.  We would probably need to return to Houston by July 14.  Let me know how that sounds.  Also, if we need to reschedule for another time until you get things straight for your mother, let me know.  That's certainly more important.  Talk to you soon.....  Susan 
 David-  I just got back in town.  Monday the 2nd will work for me.  Susan 
 In the past, Jesse would let me know about our imbalance and cashout price. He would do the paperwork and trade out of the imbalance with another party.  Susan     Enron North America Corp. 
 I sent in a check for $200 for deposits for my daughter and son.  They are both going for two weeks.  I thought the deposit was $50/wk per child.  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks.  I did not do a T5.  Susan Pereira 
 Please take me off your mailing list!! 
 David-  I got the email you forwarded to me.  Have you responded to Suzanne Sugarbaker yet?  I would be happy(?) to talk with her, so please feel free to forward my email address to her.  If I don't hear back from you today, I will probably email Suzanne directly this weekend.  Maybe I can clarify a few issues with her.  As for Cindy Colvin's "presentation," I've spoken with Richard Rothfelder on how we might handle future situations like this.  In the meantime, I'm taking extra vitamins to thicken my skin.  Let me know what responses you receive today on the RFP.  I know we will need to schedule a committee meeting in the next week or so.  Thanks,  Susan  P.S.- Please email me back today at our home email address : pereira@houston.rr.com.  I'm leaving early for a doctor appt. 
 Julie-  I left my paperwork in the green box at your doorstep yesterday.  I wanted to make sure you received it.  I'll be out of town until March 25, so if you have any questions, I won't be able to respond until then.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  We've moved up the food chain at Destin, but have not received a response yet.  I'll be out next week.  Check with Joe Casas to see if he hears anything  Susan 
 Hi, Jan!  I don't know if you'll get this, but Maman said your email was back in business (my words, not hers!).  I asked the kids about going ahead to Brazil with y'all.  Michael will do whatever; Kali was a little hesitant. When do you think you'll be coming here and when do you think you'll leave. We'll need to coordinate the travel schedules.  We're going to use OnePass miles for at least two tickets, so we'll need to finalize things in early April to get seats.  Talk to you soon.  Susan  P.S.-  Happy Birthday early!! 
 Margaret-  Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali's class booth and our son's class booth--all at different times.  I don't think we'll  be able to help all afternoon at one booth, but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out.  Susan Pereira 
 Kathy-  Is it safe to assume that practice is cancelled for tonight??  Susan Pereira 
 I need 2 cases of Thin Mints and 6 packages of Shortbread.  I'm planning to go to the reorder station Friday afternoon unless someone has extras.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  susan.w.pereira@enron.com 713-853-3229 (wk) 
 Thanks for the birthday card.  I had a fairly quiet birthday.  I went to work that day and went out to dinner that night. Hope you are all doing well.  We're all fine, but very busy!!!  Take care,  Susan 
 Margaret-  I'll get the cookies on Friday.  Can you pick them up Friday night or Saturday?  I'll need payment for the 6 boxes then, as well as your money for the first order.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Kathy-  Is soccer practice on for tonight?  It looks like it might be raining then. Also, for the game on Sunday, what time do you want everyone to be there?  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens,  Joe put a call into Destin today, but our contact was out.  Once we talk to the right person and find out exactly what needs to be done, I think we would be very interested in having Rebel draft the letter.  I'll let you know as soon as I know...  Susan 
 This will serve as my confirmation. 
 Thanks.  I had a feeling Laura's gift was the bath bag.  As for the $20 donation, I'm glad we got it, because we ended up short on the cash collected for the cookies.   Susan 
 Hi, Elise.  Sorry to bother you, but when Kali was unwrapping her presents last night, there were two without cards or tags (probably lost in transit!!).  We narrowed it down to Laura and Sofi.  So that we can get the thank you notes correct, did Laura give Kali  a Skipper doll or a bath set in a blue bag?  Thanks for your help.  Susan  P.S.- We ended up selling 131 boxes at the booth on Saturday. 
 I would like to cancel my registration for this class.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Rob-  From now on, I think Nelson Ferries (w/Enron) will be handling all our short term wellhead purchases.  He may have talked to you already.   His number is 713-853-3061.  Thanks.  Susan Pereira 
 My location is EB 3223F.  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  I don't think we will be able to do group lessons during the week, but, just for grins, what is the time of the Tuesday afternoon class?  How many kids are in the class and who is the instructor?  Also, are there any group lessons on the weekends that my daughter Kali might participate in?  Are the classes large?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 We'll plan to come to the camp.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Since we last emailed, something has come up on Sunday afternoon.  Would it be possible to do the lesson earlier, like 11 am or noon?  Or, Kali has Monday the 19th off and could do a lesson anytime that day.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Looks fine, Jan.  Thanks for taking care of this for us.  Let me know the exact amount if the exchange rate changes.  I'll give a check to Papi to deposit in your account.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman told us of your struggles to get the medication you need.  I hope things work out.  How are the kids doing?  Kali and Michael are very excited that school is almost out--just two more weeks. They can't wait for Alexia and Sebastien to get here.  See you soon..  Love,  Susan 
 I am not available for any recruiting at this time.\  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  I was just checking to see if Sunday, Feb. 18 at 3 pm would work for Kali's last private lesson.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Hi, Jan!  I hope you are all doing well.  I'm sorry to hear that your mother is ill.  I'm sure it's frustrating to be so far away.  I know you have other things on your mind right now, but I wanted to check with you about our visiting this summer.  We were thinking about the second week in July.  We have not made any definitive plans.  Let me know if that will work.  If this summer doesn't work, we can always try next summer...  Take care.  Susan 
 Thanks for  your help.  Susan 
 Paul-  Please take me off your email list for University of Chicago candidates.  I have not been involved in any recruiting efforts.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Just checking on whether there will be a lesson time available on Sunday afternoon.  Saturday late afternoon might work for us as well.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira  (Kali Pereira) 
 Kathy-  Thursdays at 6:30 will generally work for us; however, on Thursday the 15th we unfortunately have a conflict.  Can you send me the list of girls who are on the team?  I know Kali is curious whether she knows anyone or not.  Thanks,  Susan 
 Dave-  There are several little features that EOL traders such as myself would like to see on the website and stack manager.  I realize that there may be bigger issues being worked on currently, but would it be possible for EOL to survey Enron traders as well as outside traders on suggestions for enhancements?? For example, I'd like to be able to sort completed trades by date on stack manager.  Also, it would be nice if we could have a shading feature on the website, so people could shade products different colors.  This might cut down on trades made in error.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I don't have any issues.  Thanks,  Susan     Enron North America Corp. 
 The three indices are 9.81,9.89 and 9.97;  the average is $9.89.  So, the contract price is $9.89 + .01 less .2422 transport on the net of fuel volumes.  If you invoice on gross volumes you will need to deduct the value of the fuel (0.3%).  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Either day will work for me.  Susan Pereira 
 I can be there.  Susan 
 Sunday at 3 pm will work.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 I am resending this, as I have not received any reply.  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks for keeping up with that, Chris.  Susan 
 Ruth-  I've been trying to call you back since last night, but your line is always busy.  I'd be happy to drive on Saturday.  Shall I call everyone?  Other than Jazz and Kali, I'll need to pick up Francie, Angela and Amy, right?  Any more?  Thanks,  Susan 
 At the Enron camp, how are the age groups combined?  For example, are 5-7 year olds together, 8-10 year olds, etc....?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Kali Pereira was not able to make the lesson on Sunday the 21st due to car trouble.  By my calculations, she has taken 3 private lessons since and including Dec 31, leaving an $89 balance of the $170.  That would allow for 3 additional private lessons.  What days and times will work over the next few weeks?  Saturdays and Sundays will work depending on the time.  After school during the week might work, with the exception of Mondays.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Thanks.  I'll come by between 4:45 and 5:30.  Susan Pereira 
 We'll be there at 4 pm on Sunday.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Would a private lesson be available on Saturday or Sunday at 4 pm?  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Kali will be there at 2 pm Sunday the 14th for a private lesson.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Helen-  Is a stand-by time available for Sunday afternoon around 2 pm?  The lesson would be for my daughter Kali.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Leslie-  Have you sent any confirmation to El Paso stating our agreement with the imbalance and that it has been transferred to ENA?  Susan 
 Do you know if we have actually collected on the imbalance settlement payments from Koch and LIG?  Also, are we in agreement with El Paso on the Stingray imbalance volume (11,973 mmbtu due Stingray)?  I have a statement from El Paso showing this volume.  They want us to sign and return the volume statement.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Whoops!  I goofed.  The transport deduct on gross volumes (including fuel value) is $.2602.  The transport deduct on net volumes is $.2422.  Sorry for the confusion.  Susan 
 My understanding is that our deal converted to the average of three IF indices + .01 (less transport and fuel) effective November thru February.  The November price would then be $4.4767 + .01 = $4.4867 less $.2422 less 0.3% fuel. The December price would be $5.9967 + .01 = $6.0067 less $.2422 less 0.3% fuel.  Please let me know if this is not your understanding.  Also, please keep in mind ENA has taken losses on cashing out negative imbalances on this production.  Thanks,  Susan Pereira 
 Stevens-  I wanted to clarify with you the transportation costs on Destin.  The transportation rate is $.24/MMBtu and the ACA charge is $.0022/MMBtu.  This should be deducted from the net volumes received on our transportation contract.   The net volumes are the volumes allocated to our contract for redelivery after 0.3% fuel in kind has been deducted from the gross volumes at the receipt point into Destin.  If you bill us on gross volumes, then you must deduct the value of the fuel as well as the $.2422/mmbtu in transportation costs from the pipeline.  From my calculations, deducts from gross volumes would be $.258 in Oct., $.2556 in Nov. and $.2602 in Dec. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks  Susan Pereira 
 Jane-  I've corrected  the transport and fuel deducts in sitara and e-mailed the EOTT  folks.  Thanks  Susan 
