tanding that positions will be correct even if the curves loaded are spelled incorrectly. However, incorrect curve names will result in the positions not being captured in the VAR calculation.  Please verify that all the curves are spelled correctly in all position files.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks, Robin 
 Will,  Please send me the official book names so that I can set this up in the bench.  If you have a copy of the book request that should have all the information I need.  Also, please let me know what trader is responsible for this position.  Thanks, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/21/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/21/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,353,409 11/21/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 199,788 11/21/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,339,756 
 Market East needs to recognize $24,200 of Middle Market -East Originations granted by the Pipe Options book.  Thanks, Robin 
 BOOK ID    AGG-GASII LOCATION FT-CAND-EGSC-OPT-BAS   FT-CANADA-BAS FT-CAND-EGSC-OPT-PRC   FT-CANADA-PRC FT-HPLC-BAS    IM-TEXAS-BAS FT-HPLC-PRC   IM-TEXAS-PRC FT-INT-CEN-MKT-GDL  IM-CENTRAL-PHY FT-US/CAND-ERMS-GDL  FT-CANADA-GDL 
 They belong to Jason Williams. 
 They should be removed from Keavey's portfolio. 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/20/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/20/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,010,184 11/20/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 196,977. 11/20/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 2,036,711 
 July Firm  -7,306 July Intramonth  2,634 
 Vern,  I spoke with Annemieke and she said that you would be the person to contact about adding a report to the executive viewer.  We need to add a gas report. The title of the Report will be Natural Gas Basis by Trader.  I am attaching a copy of the report that will be published.  Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Thank you for your help, Robin x57478 
 Jan Feb Mar Apr May 2,191 9,084 6,261 4,304 12,984 
 Here is what we reported for consolidated Canada as of Nov. 17.   Listed amounts are in thousands.  Jun July Aug Sept Oct Nov  YTD 274 -4,672 5,115 990 -2,517 -6,708  27,552  I'm still working on the first half of the year.  Thanks, Robin 
 Brian,  This file look good.  Are you still using the FTCD file?  If you are, please let me know to what trader to assign the P&L.  Thanks. Robin 
 Jon,  Attached you will find a copy of the basis positions as reported to John Lavorato for November 17.  The positions listed represent the entire Canadian office position at each point.  The attached includes only those points that John Lavorato has requested be reported by trader, not every point at which you have positions.     If you have any questions please let me know. Robin 713-345-7478 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/17/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/17/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,922,796 11/17/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 196,716 11/17/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 2,993,595 
 Jeff,  I took care of the Executive Viewer.  I talked to Frank and apparently Lavorato wants to see the Canadian breakout next week.  I already have everything set up to do the positions, but we need to work on Canada to get the P&L.  Intra-Canada has a breakout but it's only in Canadian dollars.  I left a message for Kathy to call me.  Just wanted to give you a heads up.  Talk to you Monday. Robin 
 Don't worry there's no rush.  Take your time and exhaust all your other options...don't worry it doesn't hurt my feelings that you are trying desparately to get out of spending the holidays with me.  Just kidding.  Have a good weekend. Robin 
 Me polite??  I think you have me confused with someone else.  You  are definitely invited.  And as for my family and friends, if you think you can stand them you're welcome to come along.  Some of my friends usually end up at my parents house anyway.  There's only one friend that'll I'll probably try to catch up with over Thanksgiving and we usually just go to dinner and catch a movie, so you are welcome to come.  What'cha doing for lunch?  Robin 
 Have you thought any more about coming with me for Thanksgiving? 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 3/1/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 3/1/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 3/1/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 920,278 3/1/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,427 3/1/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,051,128 
 Time spent actually typing, procrastinating, or staring blankly into space?? I spent the most of the morning Wed. on evaluations.  Of course I had five to do and plenty of little tasks thrown in the middle.  So it probably took me about 20 minutes per evaluation.  Some I had to think about a little harder than others.  It all depends on how many comments you write.  Mine took me the longest and I'm still not happy with it.  Have fun bowling.  I'd love to see your shirt!! Robin 
 Sounds like you have a wild night planned.  I don't think I'm up to that kind of partying tonight.  I've actually finished the evaluations, but I haven't submitted them yet.  I'll do that today.  Thanks for the warning though.  How late were you here last night?  How did everything turn out with your boss yesterday?  Later, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/16/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/16/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,266,862 11/16/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 195,997 11/16/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 2,336,884 
 Thanks. 
 Kathy/Brian,  Here is the new text file format.  This will enable you to send only one text file each night.  If you have any questions give me a call.  Thanks, Robin 57478 
 Outside of moving the deals to another book, I don't think you can avoid liquidating at the end of the month.  So I'm going to leave these in the portfolio.  Thanks for the info. Robin    Enron Capital Management 
 Please review the attached file.  The books listed for each trader are marked for removal from the portfolio.  If you are currently using one of these books or will be using it in the future please highlight the book id in YELLOW.  If the book is no longer used please highlight the book id in BLUE. When you have finished please return the file to me.    Thanks for your help, Robin 
 =7F > A married man left work early one Friday afternoon. > Instead of going home, he squandered the weekend and his > paycheck partying with the boys, never calling his wife. > When he finally returned home on Sunday night, he ran into > a furious wife.  After a couple of hours of yelling and > screaming his wife asked, "How would you like it if you > didn't see me for a couple of days?" He responded, "That > would suit me just fine!" > > So, Monday went by, and the man didn't see his wife. > Tuesday and Wednesday came and went with the same result. > By Thursday, the swelling went down enough so that he > could see her a little... just out of the corner of his > left eye. > 
  > > TO:   FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL > FROM:  LIZ JONES > > DEAR SIR: > >  I RECENTLY PURCHASED A FLORIDA LOTTERY TICKET.  AFTER THE WINNING NUMBERS WERE ANNOUNCED, I REALIZED THAT MY NUMBERS WERE DIFFERENT THAN THE ONES I MEANT TO PICK. > >  I WAS VERY UPSET BECAUSE I MEANT TO PUT DOWN THE NUMBERS THAT WON. REALLY !!! > >  THE INTEGRITY OF THE FLORIDA LOTTERY SYSTEM DEPENDS ON PEOPLE HAVING THE NUMBERS THEY INTENDED TO PICK. > >                SEND ME THE MONEY.  OTHERWISE, MY ATTORNEY THINKS I HAVE A VERY GOOD CASE, AND I'LL SEE YOUR ASS IN COURT! > >  IS THIS A GREAT COUNTRY OR WHAT? > > >  PS.  I ALSO VOTED IN PALM BEACH COUNTY. > > > 
 Stop the madness!!!   What do you mean you're bidding for a company?  Are you writing the bid for your boss?  And why would you be complaining?? 
 I'm so impressed.  You mean you actually got to leave the building...wow. Actually you won't believe this but I left the building for lunch.  I just went to Chick-fil-A, but at least it wasn't Enron. 
 Huh??  I'm confused. 
 Sorry it took me so long to reply, we had a slight crisis here.  I went to Shreveport on Nov. 2.  That would be about right for when you left b/c you left me just in time to have to roll the month by myself...just kidding.  RR 
 I couldn't send myself a net send.  Guess I'll just have to talk to myself the old fashioned way. RR 
 I'm not sure specifically what you're refering to...Do you mean someone on the financial book's love life (ie Susan or Kori), or the HR spy?  Glad it worked, now maybe you won't get fired.  Have you gotten something to eat yet?  Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/15/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/15/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 3,570,479 11/15/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 200,087 11/15/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 3,667,563 
 Monica,  I have assumed Gabriel's responsibilities, so please send the basis report to me each morning.  Thanks, Robin 
 Precisely the problem...I haven't been getting that file.  I finally just built an EES report in the Basis report.  Thanks for sending it, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/14/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/14/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,977,025 11/14/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 231,980 11/14/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 3,003,246 
 This trader left, so these books are no longer used either.  They did belong to Richardson. 
 Bilal,  These books are no longer used.  Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 854,693 2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 164,563 2/28/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 964,254 
 This will get me brownie points, right?    Robin 
 Please note my new location.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/13/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/13/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,726,690 11/13/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 243,892 11/13/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 2,785,081 
 Company:  Enron Americas Department: Risk Management Supervisor:  Jeffery Gossett 3-7306  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Here's a mental picture for you of me when I got to the chafing part of your email...thumbs in ears, remaining fingers covering eyes, and repetitive chanting of la,la,la,la,la,la........  I'm so disappointed but I won't be able to join you for the "fun run" on Thanksgiving.  I'm headed home to see the family.   I really wish you were here right now.  You are one of the few people that would truly appreciate how irritating this guy that sits next to me is!!!  He just asked someone how Chi-COG-OOOO was.  How do you accent every syllable (and then really drag out the last)???  Unfortunately that isn't nearly the most irritating thing that he does.  I'll update you as he provides me with more stories.  As for the food in Australia...it's really not all that different from here. I mean Sydney is a big city so they have just about every type of food.  They have a lot of American fast food chains.  The one that surprised me though was KFC...it's everywhere.  It's a lot more popular there than it is here.  I guess some of the biggest differences are that they eat pumpkin as a vegetable, and they put beets on their hamburgers, and they eat a lot of lamb.  Lamb is about as cheap and common as chicken is here.  And they eat meat pies....yuck.  The pastry is good on the pies but there's no flavor to the meat...it's just greasy ground beef.  I think they still have a little too much of a British influence in their food...they don't believe in seasoning.  I saw quite a few good looking guys.  There was a lifesaver training course going on at Bondi while I was there.  That provided some great scenery!!  But then the problem is that the men don't realize when to stop wearing the speedos!!  The young guys look good in them, but after 30 they shouldn't be worn in public...and after 60 they shouldn't even be considered as underwear under six layers of clothing, but they especially shouldn't be worn on the beach!!!!  I saw one old man whose belly hung so low that I wasn't even sure he had a suit on, and I was scared to look too close for fear of what I might see and for fear he'd think I was interested.  Gotta go to a meeting. Robin 
 We're going to try for the conference room next to Bob Hall's office, but if that's taken we'll just meet at Frank's desk. 
 Frank has asked me to let you know that our VAR meeting will be at  9:30a.m. this morning.  Thanks, Robin 
 Patrick,  I have attached the move request below.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thank you for your help.  Robin x57478 
 Virendra,  Thanks for your help.  Can you tell me why the 941776 postid is pulling two books?  What do we need to change to correct that problem?  Robin 
 Lynn,  Do you know anything about the Congress Plaza Hotel?  I was searching for somewhere to stay and it looks pretty convenient to the office.  Thanks, Robin 
 Relative to most of the questions I answer all day, your questions don't even count as stupid!!  Later, Robin 
 That's scary.  It's probably just as well I couldn't open it...I wouldn't have believed it was real if I got that from you.  I would have just spent time trying to figure out what the joke was.  RR 
 Hey Chickie,  I couldn't open this.  RR 
 Virendra,  Here are the book ids and post ids of the three books that we are having to manually override each night.  These books are all set up in RiskTrac and are officialized in Portcalc.  BOOK ID   11/09/00 POST ID  INTRA-NORTHEAST-BAS 941776  INTRA-CNT-GULF-PHY 941701  INTRA-CNT-GULF2-PHY 941767  If you need any more information let me know.  Thanks for your help.  Robin x57478 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/9/00  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/9/00  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1328090 11/9/00  MANAGEMENT-PWR 206934 11/9/00  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1380765 
 Hey Becky,  What's going on?  Things are completely crazy as usual around here.  I need another vacation!  I never told you about my trip did I?  I've told everyone else that stood still for more than 10 seconds.  It was so much fun.  The olympics were so awesome.  I got to see the US women's basketball team play Australia for the gold medal.  The crowd was soooo wild...that is until we won.  And I got to see Cathy Freeman and Marion Jones run.  The whole first week of my trip was spent at the olympics everyday.  And the second week I spent touring all the beaches that I could find.  Oh, here's a funny story for you.  Okay I'm halfway across the world in a country known for bronze, muscular sufers, right?  So I take a day cruise around the Brisbane waters one day.  These cruises are scheduled everyday and each ship holds about 80-100 people.  As we board the captain tells us that there will be 85 people on the cruise.  Here's the fun part....80 of the 85 people were from a WWII veterans reunion!!!  I was on a boat full of grandpa's.  Actually it was pretty funny.  This one old man sat next to me and started telling me why they were having the reunion and what thier batallion had done during the war.  Then he tells me (keep in mind this man's at least 70) that he was a lifesaver (lifeguard) on one of the local beaches until the year before when an injury forced him to retire!!!   Then he starts telling me about the war. He said, "Yeah, I was a POW for about 9 days but they weren't feeding me very well so I left."  He had escaped from a Nazi POW camp and fled to Greece where he joined the Greek reserve forces.  Because he fought with Greece in the war he's now a Greek citizen.  Then after the war he and some friends bought a van and traveled all over Europe and Asia.  When they ran out of money they'd just stop and get jobs until they could save some money and then they'd start again.  I hope one day I have stories even half that interesting!!  But leave it to me to go halfway around the world and hang out with old people!!  How's everything going at your house?  What's up with this election?  That's all anyone's talking about around here.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/8/00  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/8/00  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,438,614 11/8/00  MANAGEMENT-PWR 278,372 11/8/00  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,486,991 
 Jen,  Here is the activity breakout that we discussed.  If you need more detailed information please give me a call.    Thanks, Robin x57478    Enron Capital Management 
 I paid about $94 Austalian which is around $50.  It was a pretty big, and definitely awkward (that word doesn't look right) that's why it flew home on it's own.  Besides I already had my luggage allotment.  My box wasn't nearly as heavy as yours is.  What kind of tree did you buy???  What is it an iron statue of a tree?  Are you leaving tomorrow?  I know I've asked you this before but I can't remember.  If you don't have any plans let's go to lunch.  Robin 
 Monica,  I never received your basis positions for Lavorato.  Robin 
 I'm giving up being nice.  And answering stupid questions.  You should give up having yogurt and gatorade for lunch.  Did you have something good today? 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 11/7/00  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 11/7/00  MANAGEMENT-GAS 630,912 11/7/00  MANAGEMENT-PWR 272,969 11/7/00  AGG-MANAGEMENT 703,128 
 I'll send it tomorrow I promise.  I was going to work on it this weekend, but I couldn't get logged on and I've been a little busy this morning.  Thanks for reminding me.  RR 
 I'll be there. 
 Sorry to hear about your airport travels.  Has Alejandra found a place to live yet?  When is she starting on the east desk...they need help!!  They screwed their position up again today.  My weekend was really good.  Of course it could have been better without the rain.  Saturday my friend and I sat around and gossiped most of the afternoon and then went out to eat and to a movie.  Then Sunday we went to visit some friends of ours in Sugarland that just had a baby.  So we spent most of Sunday afternoon playing with the baby.  The dad is hilarious.  He's the type that seems really quite but when he says something he just cracks you up.  He was talking about the baby monitors they got.  He said he was going to put a message on it that said, "Hi, Brianna.  This is your parents.  We aren't available right now, but it you leave a message we'll get back to you."  Are we having Spanish class today?  Robin  PS My forearms are a little sore, but that's all. 
 Thanks.  How was the rest of your weekend?  RR 
 Yeah, but you know I can't resist an opportunity to make a sarcastic remark. 
 What do I think about what...the fact that you're now the one that's a little stressed?  I think that's kind of funny!!  Just kidding.  I have a friend coming in town this weekend, but she's not coming until sometime Sat. afternoon probably around 3-4ish.  So if you want to go to the driving range around noonish on Sat. we could do that.  Although I think it's supposed to rain all weekend so we might just end up back at the movies.  As for the rotation, I wouldn't exactly say I know Brian but I met him at the Morton's dinner.   I guess I'd be as well off starting with him as to call Ibrahim's friend, since I don't know Ibrahim or his friend.  Well actually, I might know Ibrahim's friend.  Ask Ibrahim his friend's name and if I don't know him I'll call Brian on Monday and see exactly what it is that they do. Thanks for the help with this.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 So what you're telling me is that you're intentionally trying to bait me. Apparently you haven't figured out yet that it can be hazardous to your health to make me mad!!  And I know you well enough to know that my last statement will only serve as a challenge to you.  You're going to spend the rest of the day trying to irritate me.  Don't deny it.  I know you too well. So where are we going to watch the game?  If I understood soccer a little better I'd be more involved in the trash-talking.  But I'll just leave it at this...the US could kick Mexico's butt at anything!!  Mexican men can't even knock down an American girl even when they are given 13 whole seconds to try!!  How could you possibly expect a group of these weaklings to beat a group of top quality American athletes.  Bye.  PS Have fun in all those meetings.  Pretty soon you'll be going to more than Gossett. 
 PS.  Tell him I'm definitely interested. 
 Yeah that very interesting.  What exactly is the origination team doing now that they've already signed the deal with blockbuster?  Are they trying to sign up customers or providers or what?  RR 
 I don't think most people would understand the humor, but I thought it was really funny.  Especially after the week I've had!!  RR 
 It works...that's pretty neat by the way!  See ya Friday (It'll be your turn to vent). Robin 
 Let me know if you need anything else.  Robin 
 I didn't want this just popping up on your screen.  So far it's just getting worse!!!  I've already been up there three times today and of course each extra trip lowers the P&L.  He must think I'm the biggest idiot in the world.  I'm going to have to change my name to get another job after he fires me.  When he saw me standing outside his office this last time he just spread his hands like what could possible be wrong now!!  If you want to make a lot of money and are willing to take this job back now's your chance.  I think John would pay you $100,000 to take back over.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 The Nymex book granted $9,600 of Middle Market Northeast Originations and $7,460 of Middle Market East Origination that the East desk did not recognize on their P&L.  Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go.  Let me know if you have any questions.    Robin 
 You guys email addresses are too long.  I just sent and email to two AA people.   How's the new job going??  Have they let you out of orientation yet?  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 How did your meeting go? 
 Jeff and Laura,  I've attached the Gas Bench Porfolio that we discussed.  If you need any more information just let me know.  Thanks for being patient.    Robin x57478 
 Annemieke,  I have assumed the responsibility for publishing the Gas Reports.  Please update the Executive Viewer Report Publisher accordingly.  My extension is 5-7478.  If you have any question, please give me a call.  Thank you, Robin 
 Vern,  I am now responsible for publishing the EES Gas Position Report.   It seems that the websave version that I received in the attached email is not updated to publish the EES report.  Could you please send me an updated version or let me know what I need to do so that I can publish this report?  Thank you, Robin x57478 
 Chris,  Here is our explanation of the 5 Day loss violation.  Let me know if you need any more information.  Due to a forecast for mild November weather, futures prices have fallen sharply over the last five days.   Nymex futures prices have fallen a total of $0.68 over the last five days.  The Gas desk's loss is primarily driven by a long price position held by the Financial desk, which averaged 7, 295 contracts over the same period.  Robin 
 Done. 
 Are we still on for lunch? 
 Something is definitely wrong with that man!!!   Why do you always get him started? 
 You probably know the times that will be good for me better than I do.  As for day of the week, I'd rather the first half of the week, nothing after Wed.  RR 
 Done. 
 Friday's no good.  I'm going to Chicago to look for an apartment.  I'm leaving as soon as I pass out all the reports Friday morning.  How about early next week? 
 Thursday sounds good to me.  Bring your pictures and I'll bring mine.  RR 
 Thursday it is. 
 Thursday or Friday sounds good to me.  Hey, Dawn I noticed there were a few people from the group missing from your email.  Did you want me to forward it to them??  RR 
 I'd like to have Dec.20-22 off if possible.  I also need to take Thurs. Oct. 26 off.  Thanks.  Robin    Enron Capital Management 
 Lunch sounds good to me.   Name a day and chances are I can make it.  Robin 
 For those tired of the usual "friend" poems, a touch of truth!   When you are sad,.............I will get you drunk and help you plot revenge against the scum sucking bastard who made you sad. When you are scared,.........I will laugh at you and tease you about it every chance I get. When you are worried,.........I will tell you how much worse it could be and to quit complaining. When you are confused,........I will use little words to explain it to your dumb butt. When you are sick.........I will hold your hair while you pay homage to the porcelain god. When you fall......I will point and laugh at your clumsy butt. This is my oath...............I pledge this till the end. Why you may ask?...............Because you're my friend.  Hope it made you laugh - but you know I got your back!!!!!!!! 
 Phillip,    FYI  I will be on vacation from 9/22 until 10/11.  See you in two weeks. Robin 
 Dawn,  Doesn't it suck to be at work and know that someone else is out of the country?  I just want to let you know how much I suffered while you were gone.  I realize now just how bad you must want out of this group.  Without you or Jennifer there was no real conversation the whole week!!  Chris just works quietly.  Jason interrupts the quiet with inane comments that I have no idea how to respond to.  And Anne...well I can't even explain that.  Let me digress for just a moment to talk about work.  Nothing really happened.  All was quiet.   If anyone was upset about anything they didn't tell me about it.   I did get an email from Frank Cernseck(or how ever you spell his name).  It seems we took too much as broker fees in July.  I haven't researched it, but from what Victor tells me that's an adjustment that needs to be made on last day P&L.  I'm sure I'm not telling you anything you don't know.  Just wanted to let you know I'm glad you're here and I'm not.  Hope you enjoyed your trip.  Robin 
 Hey Greg,  I just got you email, but I do want to be in on the gift for Becky.  Count me in for $20.  I'll bring the money down in the morning.  Where are you located now?  Thanks, Robin 
 See you tomorrow. Robin 
 I'm not here...at least my mind anyway.    I take it you aren't too busy today.  We need to plan on going to lunch sometime soon.  My last day is next Thursday.  Yippee!!  This is my last bidweek...Thank goodness. 
 Sorry I missed you guys for lunch yesterday.  I didn't get your email until yesterday afternoon.  I've been in class for two days...Derivatives I.  It's really hard to sit still and think about swaps and options when I'd rather think about Sydney!  But I guess it's better than being at my desk all day. The days are pretty slow.  It doesn't really get busy here until 3:30 or so.  Bye, Robin  PS If I forget my bras, I'm just not going to bother!! 
 No one would notice if I forgot my bras!!!!  Thanks for the well wishes. I'll take lots of pictures so you can see them.  I can't wait for this week to be over...only one and a half days!!  Robin 
 I no longer need to receive Hyperion updates.  Thank you, Robin 
 Just a reminder I'll be in Derivatives Tues. and Wed.   I'll have my phone with me in case anyone needs anything.  Thanks, Robin 281-300-9145 
 Phillip,  I will be in class Tuesday and Wednesday.  Jeff and Chris will have my number if you need to reach me.    Robin 
 Have a good weekend!  Robin 
 Extension #57478  Home #713-781-0545  Cell #281-300-9145  Pager # N/A     Enron North America Corp. 
 I thought of you two when I read this!!!  You are some of the only people who would understand!!  Robin 
 Have a good evening. Robin 
 Okay, here's a trivia question for you.   There are two siblings.  One's an engineer and one's an accountant.  One works for a natural gas company and the other works for an accounting firm.  Which one works for the accounting firm?  Do you see the absurdity of our lives???  Level III, huh?  I don't know anyone over level II.  Well, except Mr. Kirkpatrick's friend that's a partner in New Orleans.  I dreamed the other night that I was outside the Swimming venue in Australia and the American coach heard me talking and realized I was an American.  He told me I had to swim an event b/c all the swimmers were either sick or injured.  I never did get to swim, though.  The alarm went off before I even found out what event I was swimming.  I hope it's not butterfly...I wouldn't be very competitive if I had to swim butterfly.  Not that I'd even be competitive if I was swimming freestyle at the olympics, unless it was the special olympics...then I might stand a chance!  Congrats on the job. Robin 
 I leave for Sydney a week from Saturday.  I already have orders to email my parents while I'm there to let them know what's going on.  And you're right there's no hope for keeping me in line!  I think I'll just retire early and stay over there.  I would make a very good beach bum.  Of course with my complexion I'd look like a tomato in a matter of hours (plus I already have the soft and squishy part down).   I went shopping and spent way too much money this weekend buying things for my trip.  I'm having to buy clothes.   I don't seem to own casual clothes anymore...especially not spring clothes. I'm used to only two seasons, summer and suedo-winter.  It'll be spring over there and I've been checking the temperature.  It's been between the mid 40's and the low 70's.  I'm going to have to pack everything I own.  I'm really sorry to hear about Megan's prognosis.  I know you hear this all the time but seriously, if there's anything at all I can do let me know. And I want you to know you guys are always in my prayers.  We should go to lunch sometime now that I'm working daylight hours.  Talk to ya later, RR 
 Glad to hear you haven't dried up and blown away.   They said we got rain here, but being from LA I say we got a little drizzle.  Just enough to make my car look like I went driving through mud puddles.  What kind of job did Aruthur offer?  Once again let me point out that I enjoy the fact that this is on your company email.  I'm spending my time these days checking the official Olympics website and dreaming.  I'm trying to get fired so I can just stay in Australia.  I don't think it's working though b/c I just keep getting more jobs.  I have two right now.  Be nice and I might at least think about you while I'm in Australia.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Are you trying to make me blind like you?????  RR 
 I'm hoping they have good movies on the flight!  But I'm also bringing a good book, and I'll probably bring a pair of headphones...even if I don't plug them into anything.  I think I'll have them as a decoy in case I end up with an annoying neighbor for the flight.  Everyone around me knows my travel plans as well as I do.  I think I must have become a little annoying myself.  Well back to work.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 What are you doing??  I'm bored.  Did you have a good weekend?  RR 
 You have no idea just how appropriate that is today!!!  Thanks for the laugh!  RR 
 I'll take your Visa.  Just let me know when you've mailed it.    You have a Platinum card, right?  R 
 I actually just did it for my mom...otherwise she wouldn't have gotten a gift at all!! 
 I thought you'd appreciate this email from my brother.  It's the best family email I've gotten lately.  I'm such a great sister...I bought the present, wrapped the present (or at least watched while the clerk wrapped it), and delivered it to my mom for her birthday, and I was nice enough to put my brother's name on the gift.  RR 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 881,664. 2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 177,139. 2/27/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 984,782 
 How much did you pay for your clubs?  By the way, I thought using company email was a nice touch.  We were named one of the top 100 companies to work for...number 24 to be exact.  They are pushing for #1 next year.   I think it's the Analyst program that's holding them back right now!!!  Well back to pretending to work.  Right now I'm training and there's nothing to do in the middle of the day with this job, so there are two of us trying to stay busy doing nothing right now!  Later, RR 
 You got her a $100 gift certificate to Talbot's (a women's clothing store). You did a very good job picking it out.  Thanks for the golf clubs by the way.  I thought you weren't going to send them, so I was surprised when Karon told me she had them.  I'll hold them for ransom until I get paid back for the birthdays!!  I actually went to the driving range this weekend.  I definitely think I could get hooked on this sport.  Hopefully I won't become one of the "golf junkies" but I'm not sure you can avoid it.  I was watching a golf infomercial the other day thinking "I need that!"  Well back to work.  Did I tell you I'm working daylight hours again?  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Robert,  Here are the machines I've logged on.  1.  The computer to the left of my desk, 3275d.  2.  Both of my machines.  3.  Both of Rock's machines, 3275f.  4.  Gabriel's computer, 3275g.  Thanks, Robin 
 So are you going to enter??? 
 Gabriel,  I'm not sure if Binh sent an email to you and to Controls to explain the Canadian origination variance.  You may already be aware, but on the Orig Sched the originations are converted to $US using the spot rate for the day. However when the originations are calculated for the Report tab the rate applied is the average rate for the month.  Therefore these values will never be the same.  Nicole is going to talk to Kathy when she gets back to Canada on Monday.  Nicole says she has found a way to modify their spreadsheet so that both values are calculated using the daily spot rate.   If you haven't recieved an email from Binh explaining this issue you might want to forward the attached message from Nicole to Michael and Chris.  Thanks, Robin  PS The Bench by trader tied out for the 23rd.  I'll be in a little early tomorrow to tie it out for the 24th.  Bye. 
 How scandulous of your mother!!  My mother would never use sucks...but my dad told me something pissed him off one time.  I was completely shocked...I didn't even know what to say.  I know it's hard to imagine me speechless, but I was.  You should know by now that I'm heartless and that my grandmother will have to go the hospital all alone.  I had to listen to her last time whine about how no one respects her.  It took everything I had not to say, "Of course we don't respect you.  We all know you're crazy."  What are you doing for lunch Friday (as in probably the day you're reading this)?  I'm going to come in early b/c I've been bombarded as soon as I walk in the door the last two days.  Let me know if you want to go to lunch.  I'll call you when I get in.  I'll be praying for Megan. Robin 
 Gary/Susan,  It came to our attention yesterday that the PWR-GAS-LT-MGMT-PRC book is included in the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio.  This book is officalized by Jenny Latham and the position is not reported on the benchmark.  Therefore, I don't believe it should be included in the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio.  Also please ensure that this book is not included in the AGG-GAS portfolio.  Thanks, Robin 
 Kathy,  Here is the detail and position for IM Canada yesterday.  It seems that the price txt file didn't get run last night (our fault).   I'll make sure that gets done tonight.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Yeah,my family's pretty entertaining!!  I went home last weekend for my mom's birthday.  We had all gone somewhere and when we were about to turn the corner on our street we were all praying and holding our breath hoping my grandmother wasn't at our house!!  She's been driving my mother crazy (it's my dad's mom by the way).  She's now determined that there's something terribly wrong with her.  She has a doctor's appt this week and says she's going to convince the dr to send her to the diagnostic center of houston.  My dad informed me that she told him she'd just fly here...so I'm guessing she actually thinks I'm going to take off work for a week to shuttle her back and forth to the dr.   She's wrong of course!  Well enough rambling for now.  If I get any good family emails I'll let you know!  RR 
 I will not be able to attend this meeting. 
 Refined Products recognized $30,600 in Originations on their P&L that was not included on their Orig Schedule.  Thanks, Robin 
 I thought you'd appreciate the humor in these.  Actually the first one's kind of scary!!  Just in case you think I made this stuff up the web site's at the bottom.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture is actively proposing that animal carcasses with cancers, tumors or open sores be regarded merely as unaesthetic but safe for human consumption as long as the offending part is cut away. The proposal is part of a general loosening of slaughterhouse inspection standards, whose public comment period ends Aug. 29. One critic already weighed in, saying she did not want to "eat pus from a chicken that has pneumonia," but also included as benign by the proposal are glandular swellings, infectious arthritis and diseases caused by intestinal worms.    In Their Own Words  Hubert Penrod Jr., on why the May promotion he had scheduled for his Huge Hooter Haven strip club in Nashville had failed to attract men who had come to town for the Billy Graham Crusade that weekend: "I know all the porn stars, but I don't exactly keep up with preachers. Hell, I thought Billy Graham was some singer or something. It never entered my mind that (it was) some preacher (who) was filling up the football stadium."    http://www.msnbc.com/comics/nw.asp 
 Refined Products recognized $6,300 of Originations on their P&L that was not included in the Originations file.  Thanks, Robin 
 I will be attending the dinner.  Thank you, Robin 
 I have not taken any time off this time period.  Thanks, Robin 
 It's a shame you don't know someone who wants to get involved!! 
 Yes, I got it a few minutes after I sent you the email.  Thanks.  Robin 
 Are you still working on the CanadaPower file?? 
 Thanks.  Have a good weekend, and I'm looking forward to the Term book adventure next week.  Robin 
 Tempting, but no thanks...I'm probably more likely to go running at 6am on Sat. than willingly subjecting myself to itchy. 
 Brad,  Here is the book that was set up for John Arnold's crude position.  The attached spreadsheet should contain all the information you need, but should you require additional information please do not hesitate to call.  Thanks, Robin 
 Thanks for making my day by sucking me back into a world with mental images of someone standing there scratching!! 
 A Charlotte, NC man, having purchased a box of very rare and expensive cigars, insured them against fire, among other hazards. Within a month, having smoked his entire stockpile of cigars and without having made even his first premium payment on the policy, the man filed a claim against the insurance company. In his claim, the man stated that the cigars were lost "in a series of small fires". The insurance company refused to pay, citing the obvious reason: that the man had consumed the cigars in the normal fashion. The man sued ... and won! The ruling judge agreed that the claim was frivolous. He stated, nevertheless, that the man held a valid policy from the company in which  it had warranted that the cigars were insurable and also guaranteed that  it would insure against fire, without further defining what would be considered to be an "unacceptable fire," and was obligated to pay the claim. Rather than endure a lengthy and costly appeal process, the insurance company accepted the ruling and paid the man $15,000 for the rare cigars he had lost in the "fires". And now the good part...After the man cashed the check, the insurance company had him arrested on 24 counts of arson. With his own insurance claim and testimony from the previous case being used against him, the man was convicted of intentionally burning his insured property and sentenced to 24 months in jail and a $24,000.00 fine. 
 No prob, bob. 
 The NG Price book granted $1,400 of Middle Market East Originations that was not recognized by the Intra-East book on the NGP&L.  Thanks, Robin 
 Now that was funny!!  RR 
 NOT A CHANCE...I don't even get near the water here!! 
 She's been drinking the water here, hasn't she? 
 You guys should submit an eRequest to get access to all the Gas Reports on the Executive Viewer.  Here's a list of the reports you'll want.  Origination Schedule Natural Gas Prices Natural Gas Basis Positions Natural Gas Profit & Loss by Book Natural Gas Net Fixed Price Positions by Book Natural Gas Basis by Trader  Also, Brad you need to request access to the O:/Bench directory so that you'll be able to save a copy of the NGPL in this directory each night.  Bilal, you'll need access to the O:/Gas_Trad and O:/Bench directories.  Robin 
 There was at least a third of it left, but it's in the trash now.  You're welcome to come get it.  I'm craving the brownies that I know are on my counter at home. 
 I find this joke even funnier coming from an Aggie grad.  Robin 
 The NG Price book granted $500 of Middle Market Central Originations that was not recognized by the Intra-Central book on the NGP&L.  Thanks, Robin 
 That's your FAVORITE joke!  That was a really lame joke...in fact it was pathetic.  Remind me never to take you to an open mike at a comedy club...actually I don't think you'll ever have to remind me! 
 Now I'm scared. 
 Well I feel privileged to be included in your daily entertainment.  RR 
 You must have more fun at your office than we have here...that or you've just lost your mind!!  Robin 
 Here you go.  Robin 
 What kind of twisted diet are you on???   I had a sandwhich.  Nothing too exciting.  Did the potatoes hire anyone?  Later, Robin 
 That's all well and good, but where are my text files???  Just kidding. Robin 
 I would like to change my parking contract from the Clay garage to the Allen Center garage.  Thank you, Robin 
 I would like to change my parking contract from the Clay garage to the Allen Center Garage.  Thank you, Robin 
 No I promise I didn't....your post-id crashed my system.  I had your book and the power book and the Nymex book all coming in at the same time and the system just stopped.  We're going again though, so I should have your position in a few minutes.  RR 
 I would like to attend the Cornell Brown Bag.  Thanks, Robin 
 Kathy,  Please use the book id FT-CAND-PWR-PRC  and name the file CanadaPower_08022000.  These are the only changes I am having to make each night.  Thanks for your help.  Robin 
 Here you go!  Robin 
 Hey Brian,  I'm having to plug your positions again.  I checked the conversion factors and I have the same ones that you have on the IM Positions tab of your excel file.  Let me know if you have any ideas as to what the problem might be. I'm attaching a copy of the positions that I pulled in and the detail.  I'll talk to you tomorrow.    Thanks, Robin 
 What makes you think I talk to her at all...I just have to listen. 
 Me bored??  I think you must be more bored than me to talk about ear cleaning.  There's this new person that sits down the row from me and she baby talks...what's up with that!  It's so irritating.  Well now that I've gossipped about someone 10ft from me I better send this email before someone walks by and reads it.  I think I'll skip the run this week.  RR 
 You are so picky!!   RR    Enron North America Corp. 
 >  A woman and a man are involved in a car >  accident; it's a bad one. >  Both of their cars are totally demolished but amazingly >  neither of them are hurt. >  After they crawl out of their cars, the woman says, "So >  you're a man; that's interesting.  I'm a woman. >  Wow, just look at our cars!  There's nothing left, but >  fortunately we are unhurt.  This must be a sign from God >  that we should meet and be friends >  and live together in peace for the rest of our >  days." > >  Flattered, the man replied, "Oh yes, I agree >  with you completely! >  This must be a sign from God!" > The woman continued, "And >  look at this, here's another >  miracle.  My car is completely demolished but >  this bottle of wine didn't break. >  Surely God wants us to drink this wine and >  celebrate our good fortune." > >  Then she hands the bottle to the man.  The man >  nods his head in agreement, opens >  it and drinks half the bottle and then hands it >  back to the woman. The woman >  takes the bottle, immediately puts the cap back >  on, and hands it back to the man. > >  The man asks, "Aren't you having any?"  The >  woman replies, "No.  I  think  I'll >  just wait for the police..." > >  Moral of the story: >  Women are clever bitches.  Don't mess with >  them. > > 
 Kenny,  I'm not in accounting any more, so I no longer need this email.  Thanks, Robin 
 I promise I didn't forget about you tonight!  RR 
 Why did you send my message back to me with no reply of your own??? 
 I have not taken any time off.  Thanks, Robin 
 I'm SO Sorry that I forgot about you. 
 Did you get my message about the books? 
 Hopefully the third times a charm!  Robin 
 That was hilarious.  I especially liked the chain saw and the flame thrower!  RR 
 Nancy,  Here's the book request I spoke with you about.   This also needs to be added to the AGG-GAS, AGG-GASIII, AND AGG-GASIV portfolios.  Please include as a separate portfolio named trader under the Lavorato Other region.  Please let me know when this book is set up.  Thanks, Robin 
 It sounds pretty good, but I'd rather talk to mom and see if there's something specific he wants before we get that.  B/c for all his talk about using the computer he usually ends up using his books instead.  I'll call mom either tonight or in the morning.  I'll let you know what I find out.  Robin 
 Hey,  I did think of something Dad might want.  He was really excited when mom gave him the Biblical reference book for Father's day, so maybe we could get him something like that.  Call mom and ask her what he wants.  Authur Anderson, huh??  You do know they are slave drivers, right??  Of course I'm sure it's no worse than my current job!!  I find it pretty funny that you wrote that to my from your work email.  Well it's about time I got started working today.  Robin 
 Yeah, like this week.  And no I have no ideas...not even bad ones.  And I can't seem to find my catalog to order mom something.  I requested a new one but I don't know if we'll get it in time.  You need to just go wander around a home depot and find Dad some useless gadget.  Later, Robin 
 Brian,  Well, we're a lot closer, but we're not exact.  I'm attaching a copy of what I pulled when I loaded the new files.     Thanks for your help,  Robin 
 Brian,  Just a couple of things.  First the risk type on the spreadsheets needs to be the same as on the files I sent to you.  Second, I am attaching a copy of the positions that I queried out of GRMS after I loaded your text files.  The positions aren't even close to the IM Positions file you save out to our directory.  I have also included the detail that supports the GRMS position. Our goal with the text files is to eliminate the need for plugging your positions and to ensure that your correct position is included in the VAR calculation.  Let me know if there is anything I can do to help you resolve this variance.  Thanks, Robin 
 Let me know how we did.  Robin 
 Brian,  Everything was fine with the file.  From now on could you please divide it into three separate files?  I've attached the files that I loaded for the 17th, so if you just keep the same name (just update the date everyday) that would help me a lot.   As for the master deal id, as long as they are all unique what you had was fine.  If you have any more questions just give me a call.    Thanks, Robin 
 Sorry it took so long.  Robin 
 Kathy,  Please review the spreadsheet guidelines I sent.  I am having to recreate your text files every night.  Specifically, the master deal id should be a unique number (an NA is not acceptable here), the date must be in the d-mm-yy format not a julian date format, and there can be NO commas in any numbers.  Thanks, Robin 
 Good luck with your meeting. 
 How is the FT-Exotic file coming?  Robin 
 Gary/Susan,  The INTRA-CNT-TRANS problem was on my end.  It wasn't defined properly in the bench.  Thanks, Robin 
 Robin 
 Gary/Susan,  Did the INTRA-CNT-TRANS-PHY book get included in the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio?  Thanks, Robin 
 Carol,  I have attached the items you requested.  If you need any further information please let me know.  I work in the evenings so if you need anything before 2:00 please call my cell phone.  The number is 281-300-9145.     Thank you for your help,  Robin x57478 
 Here are the FT Positions.  Let me know how they look.  Thanks, Robin 
 Here are the FT Positions including the Exotics.    Robin 
 Gary/Susan,  It seems that the criteria in the GD-NEW-PRC0 portfolio was deleted.  Please add this back so that we can pull positions into the benchmark.  If you have any questions give me a call.  Thanks, Robin 
 Nicole,  This is the position EXCLUDING Exotics.  I haven't been able to load the text file yet.  But I'll send that as soon as I have it.  I also included the detail.  Let me know if I can help.  Robin x57478 
 I think we should park at Samy's again.  What have you been up to today? I've been "training" Bilal.  It's really hard to be patient answering questions when you are trying to get something done quickly.  He asked me who knew the reports besides me.  I told him it was going to be up to him and Binh to know all the reports.  I told him I wasn't going to leave my new phone number.  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 713-345-7478  Thanks, Robin 
 Gary/Susan,  We need to set up a new Intra-Central Physical Book.  INTRA-CNT-TRANS-PHY  There are already Intra-Cnt-Trans Price, Basis, GD, and IDX books set up. The region code for the physical book should be CENTRLTRSP.  If you have any questions please let me know.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Ramesh,  Here are the Intra-Central books that are pulling the wrong post ids.  Let me know if you need anything else.  BOOK ID   7/7/2000 POSTID  INTRA-CNT-MKT-PHY  773281  INTRA-CNT-MID-PHY  826984  INTRA-CNT-GULF-PHY 483279  INTRA-CNT-TRANS-PHY 483282  INTRA-CNT-MKT2-PHY 773283  If you have any questions this weekend you can leave me a message at work or call me at home.  My home number is 713-781-0545.  Thanks for your help, Robin x57478 
 Here are your positions including the exotics.  Robin 
 Kathy,  Here are your FT Positions exlcuding the exotics.  Are you going to send me the exotics spreadsheet tonight?    Thanks, Robin 
 Thank you.  Robin 
 Here is the file containing the positions before the exotics file was added, positions including the exotics file and the detail supporting the positions.  If you have any questions give me a call.    Robin 
 Nicole,  These are the FT Canada positions excluding the Exotic text file that Kathy sent.  I'm going to pull it in shortly and then I'll resend you your positions.  Robin 
 Ramesh,  Could you please resend me the email with all your groups pager numbers.  Thanks, Robin 
 Kathy,  I just spoke with Gary Stadler and he said the number doesn't really matter for our purposes but it must be unique for the system.  He suggested you just make it a consecutive numbering down the file.  Robin 
 That's just disgusting.  We had PF Chang's.  It was good but it keeps coming back to visit!! Just thought you'd like to know that. 
 Kathy,  I spoke with the system administrators today and they gave me several more guidelines for the text files.  1) The Book ID must be an existing book (Please use the same book id every day).  Also please Sort the Book Id by risk type (ie IMCan-Erms-xl-GDL, then IMCAN-ERMS-XL-PHY, then IMCAN-ERMS-XL-PRC.)  2) The Master Deal Id must be a unique number per line.  3) The reference date must be in the following format D-MMM-YY.  4) MTM Value Amount must be a NUMBER.  If there is no position please use a zero.  5) The GROSS POSITION and DELTA POSITION must be a value.  No commas, no dashes, no links, and no #REF errors.  Again if there is no position please use a zero.  The guidelines apply to all text files that must be loaded into GRMS.  If you have any question, please give me a call.  Thanks, Robin 
 Kathy,  Here is the FT Can Position including the Exotics file.  Let me know how it looks.  I'm having trouble getting the IM position to pull in, so if I don't send you a file soon just assume I'll plug the numbers to match the excel file that Brian saved in the directory.  Thanks, Robin 
 Please format the text files to be processed through GRMS in the following manner.  1) Sort by book id, then by master deal id, then by reference date. 2) The dates must be in the following format.  4-Mar-97 3) The book names must be the same every day. 4) If the cell should contain a number please put a zero if there is no value.  GRMS will not recognize a N/A in a field that is supposed to contain a number. 5) Please name the files in a manner consistent with those below.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.  Thanks, Robin 
 Let me know how it looks.  Is Kathy going to send text files tonight?  Thanks, Robin 
 That sounds fine to me.  If I'm reading it correctly, we are actually changing the other Gas Daily books to have the same logic as the Gas Daily Options book currently has.  If my understanding isn't correct please let me know.  But I think everything thing should be okay to implement tomorrow.  Thanks, Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here is the New Date Bucket format that we need for your mini-benches for the Benchmark(not the Lavo Bench) for July.  1. July 2. Aug. Index 3. August 4. Sept 5. Oct 6. Nov 7. Dec 8. Jan '01 9. Feb '01-Dec '01 10. Jan '02 - Dec '02 11. Jan-Dec '03 12. Jan-Dec '04 13. Jan '05-Dec '10 14. Jan '11-Dec'15 15. Jan '16-Oct '23  If you have any question give me a call.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Chris,  The Power Book shows a MTD origination variance of $17.5.  This is shown on the origination file(Power Tab) and will be picked up on the NGP&L today. However it is still not being added into the MTD tab because the book administrator added the originator's name to the same cell as the origination category.  It is just a concatenate problem, but I don't have access to that file.  If you or Michael could fix that I would appreciate it.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 The Gas Spec (Oil NG Hedge) book will show a MTD variance of $819,000 today. When the Power p&l was added to this book last week the formulas did not divide by 1,000.  Therefore the incorrect p&l was reported.  However, John Lavorato was given a corrected report, so this variance will not be included in today's daily p&l on the NGP&L.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.  Thanks, Robin 
 Here are your positions and I also included the detail.  Let me know!    Thanks, Robin 
 Please set up the following book in the GRMS and in the GRMS Portfolio Heirarchy.  INTRA-CNT-MKT2-PHY  Thanks, Robin 
 Mac&Cheese huh?  Eating a light lunch?  When I was at Tech I complained about the food one day (well actually I complained a lot, but one day I made an official complaint).  Anyway I was telling the guy over the food service that the food was overpriced and the quality was pathetic.  And he told me they were actually losing money.  All I had to say to that was if you can charge $6.50 for Beanie Weenies (actual price of an actual dish passed off as an entree)  and lose money you must be the worst businessman in the history of the world.  I don't think he appreiciated me sharing my opinion with him. 
 Here is the detail of yesterday's position.  Let me know if there's anything else you need.    Thanks, Robin x713-345-7478 
 Hey guys,  Here are your positions for tonight.  We are off on FT CAN, but remember I included the Exotics text file in that position.  I am also attaching IM Canada.  Please let me know how it looks as soon as possible so we can resolve variances before the system is shut down.  Thanks, Robin    PS for future reference my extension is 713-345-7478. 
 rrodri2 sydney2000*  Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go!    Thanks, Robin 
 Here are your positions.  Let me know how they look.    Thanks, Robin 
 I'm working hard as usual.   I saw you call...don't start screaming yet...I had an IT guy and several other people at my desk at the time.   I saw Me, Myself, and Irene too.  It was pretty good as long as you're in the mood for stupid humor, which I was.  However the language and the "sons" got on my nerves.  Usually language doesn't bother me at all , but that was a little excessive.  Especially the marriage proposal!!  Well I better get busy.  Bye.  We still need to go to lunch sometime.  RR 
 I just wanted to let you know that the INTRA-TEXAS-GDL booked pulled in a July fixed price gas daily position last night.  Maybe you could apply the same logic that is used to pull this position to the Gas Daily books that are not currently pulling in the fixed price gas daily positions.  The books that had fixed price position for 6/26 that did not pull in are listed below.  BOOK ID  POST ID  JULY FIXED PRICE POSITION(in contracts)  GD-MARKET-GDL 819207   92.9  GD-CENTRAL-GDL 819212   263.3  GD-TEXAS-GDL 819657   (15.5)  If there is any more information that will help you develop the correct logic please let me know.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Here you go! 
 David,  Here is a short list of what it takes to pull positions into the benchmark.  1)  Once a book is officialized it must be loaded into GRMS BEFORE the positions can be pulled into the benchmark.  2) With everyone officializing books around the same time the GRMS que is overloaded and positions are very slow to be loaded into GRMS.  3)  GRMS processes books in the order that they are officialized.  If one of your books is officialized behind either the Nymex, Power, or Canadian books your book will not  be loaded into GRMS until these books are finished.  This process can take up to 45 minutes to complete.  4)  I have to manually create text files for deals that they system is not designed to handle.  These files must then be loaded into GRMS.  4)  I have to manually override Post-IDs that for one reason or another do not come in automatically or that come in incorrectly.  5)  The benchmark query takes approximately 15 minutes to complete.  The more books that are officialized, the longer the query takes.  6)  When books are unofficialized and reofficialized, this effectively sends that book to the back of the GRMS que.  This means that the entire process must be started over.  7)  Now that plugging positions is no longer an option, I have to spend time researching any variances that arise between the GRMS position and the ERMS position.  8)  If the book admin and I cannot solve the problem, then I have to contact the GRMS support team.  Since this usually occurs after their regular hours it takes a while before they can get back in touch with me.  9)  I cannot query new data while I'm researching variances or on the phone with GRMS support because I need access to  the information that is currently in the bench.  10)  Finally, this is a massive file therefore we frequently get errors and have to shut down.  Even if the spreadsheet has been saved and no data is lost it still take about 10 minutes just to shut this file down and reopen it.  If you have any more questions let me know.  Robin x57478 
 I told you about this Friday...you were probably just not awake enough to remember.  I'm going up there on Friday morning (after the checks) and coming back Sat. afternoon.  If I can get an apartment Friday I'll probably try to fly standby and come back earlier Sat. 
 ID:  rrodri2 Network:  sydney2000*  LotusNotes: hazelnut4me  Thanks, Robin 
 Virendra,  Please check the set up of the book listed below.  I am having to manually override that post-id everyday.  Let me know if there's anything I can do to help you.  BOOKID  6/23/00 POSTID  INTRA-MKT3-PRC 818797  Thanks, Robin 
 Virendra,  Let me know when you are available to discuss the Gas Daily GRMS logic.  It is my understanding that GRMS currently will only include those gas daily deals that are intramonth deals with an effective date greater than the current date.  However, we should also include any deals in out months that are fixed price gas daily deals.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Here are you positions. 
 Gas prices are so high that when I pulled into a station this morning and asked for a dollar's worth, the attendant dabbed some behind my ears. 
 << > Lesson Number One >  ***************** >   A crow was sitting on a tree, doing nothing all day. >  A small rabbit saw the crow, and asked him, "Can I also sit like you >  and do nothing all day long?" The crow answered: "Sure, why not." So, the >  rabbit sat on the ground below the crow, and rested. All of a sudden, >  a fox appeared, jumped on the rabbit and ate it. > >  Management Lesson: To be sitting and doing nothing, >  you must be sitting very, very high up. > >  Lesson Number Two >  ***************** >   A turkey was chatting with a bull. > >  "I would love to be able to get to the top of that >  tree," sighed the turkey, "but I haven't got the energy. > >  "Well, why don't you nibble on some of my >  droppings?" replied the bull. "They're packed with nutrients." > >  The turkey pecked at a lump of dung and found that >  it actually gave him enough strength to reach the first >  branch of the tree. > >  The next day, after eating some more dung, he >  reached the second branch. >  Finally after a fortnight, there he was proudly >  perched at the top of the tree. Soon he was promptly spotted by a farmer, > who >  shot the turkey out of the tree. > >  Management Lesson: Bullshit might get you to the >  top, but it won't keep you there. > >  Lesson Number Three >  ******************* >   When the body was first made, all the parts wanted >  to be Boss. > The brain said, "I should be Boss because I control the whole body's >  responses and functions." > >  The feet said, "We should be Boss as we carry the brain about  and >  get him to where he wants to go." > >  The hands said, "We should be the  Boss because we do all the work >  and earn all the money." > >  And so it went on and on with the heart, the lungs >  and the eyes until finally the asshole spoke up. All the parts laughed >  at the idea of the asshole being the Boss. So the asshole went on >  strike, blocked itself up and refused to work. Within a short time the > eyes >  became crossed, the hands clenched, the feet twitched, the heart and >  lungs began to panic and the brain fevered. Eventually they all decided > that >  the asshole should be the Boss, so the motion was passed. All the other >  parts did all the work while the Boss just sat and passed out the shit! > >  Management Lesson: You don't need brains to be a >  Boss - any asshole will do. > >  Lesson Number Four >  ****************** >   A little bird was flying south for the winter. It >  was so cold, the bird froze and fell to the ground in a large field. > While >  it was lying there, a cow came by and dropped some dung on it. As the >  frozen bird lay there in the pile of cow dung, it began to realize how > warm >  it was. The dung was actually thawing him out! He lay there all warm and >  happy and soon began to sing for joy. A passing cat heard the bird >  singing and came to investigate. Following the sound, the cat discovered >  the bird under the pile of cow dung and promptly dug him out and ate >  him! > >                          Management Lessons: > >           1) Not everyone who drops shit on you is >  your enemy. >           2) Not everyone who gets you out of shit is >  your friend. >           3) And when you're in deep shit, keep your >  mouth shut! >> 
 Could you please ensure that these books are set up the same in GRMS as in ERMS.  They have been officialized and are still not pulling the positions in automatically.  I am having to manually override the post-ids.  BOOK NAME    6/21/2000 POST-ID  INTRA-CAND-WEST-PHY  816302  INTRA-ST-COVE-BAS   816594  INTRA-ST-COVE-PRC   816593  Thank you, Robin x57478 
 Hey Guys,  We are still not pulling the Intra-Cand-West-Phy book into the benchmark.  I have talked to the systems administrator and he thinks it might be in how the book is set up in the system.  I have attached below a copy of the screen that shows how we have desigated the various codes for this book.  Please look at this and verify that we have it set up properly.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.  I am also attaching the detail that I pulled out of the GRMS system.  Please take a look at it and help me identify what is causing our variances.  For instance I am pulling a position of (245) contracts for July Price and you show a position of long 241 contracts.     Thanks, Robin 713-345-7478 
 Here are your positions.  Let me know if they're okay.  Thanks, Robin 
 Let me know how it looks.  Thanks, Robin 
 Tomorrow I'm going to be here really early in the morning, so I'll probably be tired tomorrow night.  But I could go to the concert if you can get tickets.  B/c Thursday I'll have to pack and get some sleep for my flying trip to Chicago Friday.  Bye, Robin 
 Let me know how it looks.  Thanks, Robin 
 Gary,  Could you please add the books below that are in red to the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio.  Thanks for the info on the INTRA-CND  book.  Thanks, Robin 
 Kathy,  As you know we are trying to eliminate all the plugs on the Gas Benchmark. Therefore we would like to begin pulling your positions from the GRMS system.  I have attached a file that shows the position that I got when I queried GRMS for the June 14 position.  I have also included the detail and a copy of what you reported.  As you will see these positions are significantly different.  Please look at the detail and let me know if you see the reason for the descrepancy (ie books that we have omitted).  Let me know if you need more information.  Thanks, Robin 713-345-7478 
 Good luck in your new job.  I've had fun teasing...I mean working with you.  Robin 
 I just got your email, so it'll be a little while.  I'll let you know...that or I'll just leave and not bother to tell you! 
 Have you had a chance to review the positions yet??  Robin 
 Hey David,  Please give me a call.  713-345-8960  Thanks, Robin 
 Here are the three Book IDs that I am looking for.  INTRA-ME-PROMPT-IDX  INTRA-ME-PROMPT-PHY  INTRA-ME-PROMPT-PRC   Thank you, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 618,898. 3/7/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 171,473. 3/7/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 742,902. 
 I've dragged you to two country concerts, so you can pick this one.  Either is fine with me.  I promise.  Mom and I did have a good weekend.  We were laughing last night b/c we really didn't do anything.  We just sat around and talked and watched movies all weekend.  She said to tell you she's sorry she ruined your weekend.  I told her you didn't mind that she was here.  What'd you end up doing last night?  Talk to ya later, Robin 
 Here are the positions I have.    Let me know how it looks.  Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go.  We're only about 6 contracts off.    Talk to ya tomorrow.  Robin 
 Your position still hasn't pulled in...I think the system's just running really slow.  I'll give you a call when I get it.  RR    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Hey Jackie,  This is definitely me.  So when did you get here?  And what are you doing? Things are crazy around here so I'll talk to ya later.  Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 The following is a description of the Rolloff Process for the Gas Benchmark.  1.  In the Position Management Menu of GRMS, select Roll Off Adjustments.  2.  Portfolio ID:  Enter POS-GAS-TRD.  3.  NX3:  On the first day of Bid-week enter 0.33333333333333333333333  On the second day of Bid-week enter 0.66666666666666666666666  4.  Click the Populate command Button.  5.  Once the window has been populated, Click the Generate Roll Offs command button.  6.  Finally, click the Process Adjustments command button.  If you have any more questions, feel free to call me.  Thanks, Robin x57478 
 Why does that not surprise me.  Besides I told you to wait until you were a little more lucid...that should be much longer than a few minutes...more like a few years!! 
 Read what you wrote sometime when your not so tired, and let me know if you understood it....b/c I sure didn't!!  I have no idea what you're trying to say.  So just imagine me nodding my head and smiling politely.  RR 
 1.  I have learned how to prepare the NGP&L.  2.  I have gained an understanding of the originations process in order to properly represent originations on the NGP&L.  3.  I have learned how to prepare the Benchmark.  4.  I have reduced the time spent at night running the Basis reports by consolidating the Shankman, Fletch, and Lavorato reports into one file so that the information                need only be queried once.  This was accomplished by creating multiple Date Bucket designations in a single file.  5.  I updated the Greg Pos. Report, so that it ties to the Benchmark in total and reflects the Lavorato time buckets.  6.  I updated the Gas Detail Tab of the Benchmark to include new books that have been added to the Benchmark.  This enabled me to tie the Greg Pos Report to the Benchmark.  7.  I created an additional section of the Gas Detail Tab to calculate the fixed price positions.  This section is used to report the total fixed price position by seasonal buckets on the Lavorato Basis report.  I have not included any accomplishments from my former group.  If you would like to see them also please let me know.  Thanks, Robin 
 You mean there are Enron employees with spare time?? 
 Yeah, your position has definitely been the bright spot of the day! RR 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,015,646. 2/23/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 0 2/23/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,015,646. 
 That was just plain  MEAN.  I'm having a bad enough day...I don't need your crap too!  Have a good evening.  Talk to ya tomorrow.  RR 
 Sorry it took so long.    Robin 
 Awesome!!  Have a good evening. 
 Here are your positions.  Hopefully we look as good as last night.    Thanks, Robin 
 Why are you still here? 
 It's b/c you don't have me there to control things!!  Just kidding.  Sounds like you as busy as we are.   So quit reading your email and get to work!!  RR 
 GOING????!!!  How about completely gone!  I've only been here an hour and a half and already we've had two major crisises!  Doesn't that sound like fun? Have you thought of a gift I could give to my friends in Australia yet?  You really need to get on that.  I'm going shopping this weekend.  I have to buy a mother's day gift for my mom (I know a little late, but I haven't seen her yet) and a birthday gift for my younger brother (can't call him little anymore, he's as big as me) and I think I'm going to go ahead and get a father's day gift for my dad.  Well, have fun.  Talk to ya later. RR 
 Take 2.  See if you like this one better.    Robin 
 Here are you positions.  Have a good evening.    Robin 
 Laura,  Here's what I received from the Analyst program.  Robin 
 Wow,  I think this is a record you guys.  Here are you positions.  Let me know how it looks.  I fixed the conversion factor issue we were having so our out months should be closer tonight.    Thanks, Robin 
 Here you go.  Let us know if there are any problems. 
 I told you I had a rough day!!!  I was DYING by the last game.   I've never felt that out of shape.   So what are you still doing here? 
 You must be having a bad day!!  But you know it's not my fault...and there's nothing soft about softball!!  And I slid yesterday, twice, so I have a little bit of a rasberry on my calf.  Did that get me any sympathy?? Probably not!  I hope you finish close soon. 
 I'm glad to know I'm not the only one that's this sore.  We should be sore though.  We played 5 games.  And I played every second of every game.  Now don't you feel sorry for me?! 
 What were you doing here Sunday???  There's no reason to have to be here on Sunday in that group. And I definitely agree that food is not payment for overtime! We played our softball tournament yesterday.  I'm so sore today I can barely walk...and it hurts to take a deep breath!  I'm really out of shape.  And yesterday they had me batting in front of a guy that would hit these great hits and runs really, REALLY fast.  So I ran most of the day it felt like.  Let me know how the MRI comes out.  I do want you to keep me informed with how she's doing, but I'm not going to be one of those people that's always asking and driving you crazy.  Don't work too hard.  And tell what's her name now (wedding girl) I said hi.  RR 
 Here are your positions.  I checked the conversion factors in our system.  I had the factors that you sent me, so I don't know why we are pulling different factors.  Let me know how the position looks tonight.    Thanks, Robin 
 I'm sure you were excited to see this email.  You get to reroll the whole year...again!!!  Have fun with that entry.  Robin 
 It's official.  I'm going to start up there March 12th.  As for a place to live, I'll probably make a quick trip up there sometime next week to look at apartments.  Robin 
 I'm going.  Thanks, Robin 
 Ivonne,  Thanks for the information.  Will I receive the $3,500 automatically on my paycheck, or do I need to submit an expense report to be reimbursed for any expenses I incur?  If I do need to submit an expense report, who should I turn it in to?  Thanks, Robin    Enron North America Corp. 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 234,423. 2/22/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,778. 2/22/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 362,525. 
 They're great...awesome country music.  Don't be too scared. 
 I don't know I haven't heard anything today. 
 Don't be scared...I'm just kidding. 
 Kathy,  I discussed the $35K variance with Brian yesterday, and the adjustment will be made on the last day of March.  That will ensure that we tie to your number for the rest of the month.  Then we'll do a top level adjustment on the last day P&L to clear the variance from last month.  I've talked with Brad Jones (the person preparing the NGP&L) and Brian Gillis is supposed to remind him at the end of the month.  I start my new job in Chicago next week.  Bilal Bajwa will assume my responsibilities.  Here are everyone's numbers.   Bilal Bajwa x713-853-3409  P&L-  Bradley Jones  x713-345-8960  Positions- Binh Pham x713-853-5791  Thanks, Robin 
 Oh we're going now...I have the tickets. 
 Got 'em.  Let me know when you can get out of here.  I guess we'll have to ride the bus.  I'm not sure.  Unless you want to try to bribe the parking people again. 
 Wanna go to the Rodeo? 
 I sent Charlene an email this morning and surprise, surprise I haven't heard anything.  Not too much going on right now.  Talk to ya later. 
 I spoke with Monica about this issue yesterday.  Robin 
 Did you see?  She completely blew me off.  I submitted a more specific question this time. 
 Thanks for the explanation b/c I was completely clueless.  They are definitely censoring.   She hasn't answered anything other than the program requirements, etc.  What a waste of time.  But I guarantee you they'll bring this up as something great they've done to improve communication.  R 
 Are you watching this eSpeak?  Either no one is asking interesting questions or they are censoring them.  I asked about why we have arbitrarily assigned PRC reps, but she hasn't answered that yet. 
 My day sucks so far...how about yours?  I caught a million dollar mistake this morning and was feeling pretty proud of myself.  That is until John called and said there's something wrong with the P&L.  It was only an $87 million mistake.  I don't know what the big deal was.  Anyway, things are calming down a little now.  I'm just still irritated.  That mistake was something I should have caught.  Oh well I'm leaving soon.  That's enough whining.  So what are you up to today?  I'm looking forward to actually being able to go home at a decent time today and having nothing that has to be done tonight.  I'm just going to kick back and watch TV.  I might call Ragini and Sabina and see if they want to come over for king cake. You'll be invited too of course.  I'm starving.  Do you have any calzones this morning?  Talk to ya later Robin 
 Hey Richard,  I think we've finally gotten an answer out of the analyst program.  I'm just waiting on the paper work now.  I spoke to Laura yesterday about a possible March 12th start date.  Let me know if that date's okay for you.  I'll let you know if anything changes.  Robin 
 Kathy,  I am attaching a revised P&L by Trader.  I moved the Term_GD p&l from Lambie to McKay.  We are, however, still off $35,000 on McKay.  It looks like the file got updated after we pulled in the final Feb. p&l.  Since we've already reported Feb, I can't restate something that would change the total p&l.  An adjustment will just need to be made in March to correct the Feb. variance.    Robin 
 Susan/Nancy,  Please move the following books from J_ARNOLD to M_MAGGI portfolio:  NG-ERMS-XL-PRC NG-EXOTIC-PRC  Thanks, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 251,274 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,714 2/21/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 378,904 
 I will be starting in the Chicago office on March 12th.  My move date is March 8th.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks for your help, Robin 
 Here is the January file.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.    Robin x57478 
 Now that that lady is irritating you maybe you'll finally miss me.  Well, I might finally be getting somewhere on my move.   I now have an informal offer that is acceptable.  I just need it in writing now.  But it looks like I'll be in Chicago by March 12th.  Yikes...I have a lot to do before then.  We need to all go to lunch before I leave.  Good luck ignoring your neighbor.  RR 
 As long as he leaves after me I think it's great!!! 
 Hahaha.  That was pretty funny.  I have a feeling that's the reaction my grandmothers will actually have. 
 I thought you  comments about the "flexibility" of the program were hilarious.  I just talked to Laura.   I'm moving to Chicago.  I'll give you all the details and dates later. 
 Susan,  The NG-PRICE-PRC book will now be calculated using two post ids.  Therefore, we need an additional RisktRAC book id for the Price book so that we can capture both post ids.  Please set up an NG-PRICE2-PRC book with the same attributes as the NG-PRICE-PRC book.  The new books needs to be added to the AGG-GAS, AGG-GASIII and AGG-GASIV portfolios.  In AGGIII and IV, please set up a separate portfolio for the new book.  The new portfolio should be named M_Maggi.  If you have any questions, give me a call. Thanks, Robin 
