hat was distributed this month.  While employees are competing against each other for ratings, they're also expected to be team players, according to the memo.   `Horse-trading' of rank denied The problem, according to someone familiar with the new system, is the horse-trading that goes on when the rankings are divided up.  Managers trade rankings like baseball cards, explained the insider, offering to downgrade one employee if they can get a better rating for another employee.  An employee's ranking is more a function of the negotiating skills of the manager he is working for, the insider said.  Olson, who's over human resources and community relations, said no horsetrading is going on. The rankings, due out this week, aren't set in stone, she said. Only 9 percent of employees were rated in the bottom category while 6 to 7 percent were labeled superior, she said.  But Olson said she can see how employees might be worried about the prospect of bargaining.  She speculated that one reason employees might worry is because it's a new system for about 60 percent of Enron's employees. In years past, only the wholesale energy services group was ranked this way.  Some human resource managers expressed surprise that Enron, which is known for hiring superstars, apparently feels that it must get rid of so many employees -- or at least put them on notice that they're not doing well.  It doesn't say much about the confidence of your recruiting system if you're getting rid of 10 to 15 percent of your work force each year, said a human resource manager in Houston who asked to remain anonymous.   Some may not fit in Some people, as smart and talented as they are, just don't fit into Enron's culture, Olson said. It's a company that doesn't tell people what to do; you have to know what adds value, she said. Some folks just have a hard time in that environment.  After thinking about it for a moment, Olson added that maybe Enron's recruiters aren't doing a good enough job weeding out the people who wouldn't do well in an entrepreneurial environment.  Forced ranking systems were popular several years ago. But they fell out of favor, in part because they were seen as damaging employee motivation.  Several years ago, Houston Lighting & Power put in a forced ranking system, dividing all employees into four groups, with "1" the top group and "4" the lowest. Employees were so angry with the system that some work crews had T-shirts printed: "Don't ask me -- I'm a 3."  Olson said she doesn't see a problem with motivation. People like to know how they stand and will work hard to reach the top category, she said.  But many of the employees -- at least the ones who rate above satisfactory -- won't know how they're rated. Managers don't have to reveal the ratings.  And as for figuring out what it takes to be superior? You've got to reinvent your job, add new business lines or create something totally new.  "Employees understand that when it's explained to them," Olson said.     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- To voice comments, telephone 713-220-2000 and dial in code 1002. Send e-mail to lm.sixel@chron.com.    Return to top  Click on banner for more information 
 Julie,  Glad to hear some positive news.  Hope you are doing quite well.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Correction,  I don't think thinks will blow over this summer, I think things could blow up and actually be a lot worse than they are now.  In terms of longer term, I think a lot depends on how the state tries to resolve the problem.  It will be interesting to see.  I feel that the summer will be very interesting, especially if California gets the kind of heat they had last summer.  Stay in touch.  KR 
 The house thing is a tough call.  It's hard to say.   If you're not in any hurry to buy, the summer should give you a good indication of continuing energy problems.  I personally think that the problem will come and go for a while, but a lot depends on how California's legislature deals with the situation.  I have no idea what they'll end up doing - they've acted pretty poorly already.  What's your time frame on a house?  If you're only concern is that prices are at their highest level in the last decade, I wouldn't worry too much about that.  It's impossible to time the market -  who would've thought San Francisco's housing prices would be at these current levels.   There are also a lot of intangibles associated with home ownership as your aware of.  I would be concerned about the energy situation, so just try to keep abreast of it.  Also, you could call me if you have any questions.  I'll try to help the best I can.  Take care and tell Kim and Kendall I said hi.  Kevin 
 Brett,  I thought I had your home phone #, but I only have your work #.  As a result, I didn't call you this weekend.  Send me your home # so I can give you a ring.  By the way, Happy 35th birthday.  I hope you had a good one.  Kevin 
 Mr. B. Lowery,  First of all, you sent me a picture with the head cut off.  I couldn't even see Kendall. I don't know if something happened with the translation of the file, but try to send it again if you can.  In regards to California's energy crisis, I think that California is screwed - big time. I think it has the potential to cripple the state's economy.  If, like you said, noone really talks about it much in SoCal, I would bet that will change soon.  It has the potential to affect every person in the state.  Not only will consumers end up bailing out the utilities - SoCal Edison, San Diego, Gas and Electric, PG&E - but it will likely prevent many new companies from setting up shop in California.  After all, who would want to put millions of dollars in an operation that will be subject to power interruptions while paying the highest utility bills in the country.  I think that the only way California will come out of this OK, is if it has the least energy intensive weather for the foreseeable future.  I don't think this is a problem that will be resolved within the next couple years. But remember, that is just my meaningless opinion.  When do you start coming to Texas.  Let me know so we can try to hook up. I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 (See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc) (See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc) - Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc 
 Bri,  What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him? He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him.  Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you soon. Send an updated picture if you have one.  Kevin 
 I did get your email and my work number is 713-853-6320.  My home # is 713-880-4157.  I'll give you a call this weekend.  It's incredibly difficult for me to talk at work so I'll give you a shout at home.   Talk to you soon.  KR 
 Bri,  What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him?  He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him.  Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you soon. Send an updated picture if you have one.  Kevin 
 Tell me about the new job.  What will you be doing?  Kevin 
 I've emailed you after both of your messages.  Did you fail to get them.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 What planet did Gray Davis come from??  What's the perception of this guy in California??  Hope all is well.  KR 
 Julie,  If they want to pay $5.15, that's fine with me.  I do have $5.11 in the system but I could have easily made a mistake.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  Kevin  P.S.  Sorry it took me so long to reply. 
 I hope you picked up some EOG on Friday or today.  KR 
 Stamas,  If you could only own one stock what would it be?  For me it would be EOG Resources - don't ignore this one.  KR 
 Counnnnnnnnn,  What's up?   I heard Conway emailed you the other day about New Orleans.  I'm going to meet Conway and Jughead in N.O. on Nov 17 - 19 for a weekend getaway.  I just booked my flight a couple days ago and wanted to see if there was any way you could make it down.  It seems Conway has gotten a cheap hotel room with his military discount - one of the perks of working for Uncle Sam.  I'm sorry for the short notice but we just decided to do it a few days ago.  If you could make it, we'd all love to see you.  If not, we'll have to get together when I'm in NJ over Christmas.  Tell Chris we said hi.  Hope everything is going great for the both of you.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'm goin' to have to bag on the game.  My return flight is at noon on Sunday. I get in at 4:45pm on Friday.  What time will you be in?  Do you want me to check on a place to eat Friday or Saturday?  Let me know.  KR 
 I'm interested in donating.  Can I find out more info about the specifics of the procedure and the timing?  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 They need to go back to Div IAA.  There currently children in a man's world. 
 Sorry it's taken me so long to reply, but I just checked my email.  We were out of town the last few days.  It sounds like you've been doing a lot of thinking and reflecting.   I think it healthy to analyze one's actions in order to better understand oneself.  This better understanding, I find, typically leads to self improvement and greater control, and ultimately, more happiness in life. However, do not let it lead to any form of regret - that would be unfair.  We all have regrets, but these regretted actions typically make us stronger and better people in the long run.  I forwarded your email to Patty Kampmann, not Patti Campi.  As you might imagine, I got a kick out of that.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Hope all is well.  I haven't forgot abt the Hawaiin Electric position.  I'll try to get in touch with my friend today.  I've been out of town for the last few days.  Kevin 
 Rebecca,  I was promoted to Manager this past PRC.  Please let me know whether or not you received notice. I want to make sure the files have been updated appropriately.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Cherly,  I have been promoted out of the Associate program last PRC.  As a result, if you could take me off the Analyst/ Associate distribution list I'd deeply appreciate it.  Thanks and let me know if you have any questions or if you haven't been notified of the promotion.  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Hunter,  Per your request.  1.)  Traded the Gulf Coast region starting in Sept/Oct 1999. -  Developed valuable customer relationships -  Managed Gulf position with Tom Donahoe -  Gulf book was profitable during this time period.  2.)  Moved to Market Book in January 2000. -   Responsible for trading Michigan and Wisconsin markets -   Managed Market Book w/ Patrice Thurston. -   Market book is profitable  3.)  Managed own book starting in May 2000. -  More than doubled daily volume traded in both Michcon and Consumers. -  Developed and managed multiple products on EOL including -->  Physical forwards -->  Gas Daily Swaps -->  Physical Basis Swaps -->  Physical Index -  Michigan Market Book is profitable  4,)  Prior to joining Gas Trading I worked in Power Structuring where I was involved in -  Asset Valuation -  Commodity/Option Pricing   Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 TJ,  Thanks for the congratulatory message you left on our voicemail - it made us feel great. We actually didn't go on a honeymoon - we will take one sometime next year. We've just been swamped with the house we recently bought.  We bought an old small bungalow in the city.  What a money pit.  Hope everything is going great.  Tell everyone we said hi.  Thanks again,  Kevin 
 The one thing I remember is that they are incredibly expensive and somewhat troublesome to maintain.  Depending on how old it is, I definitely  wouldn't recommend it as your primary car.  Hope you had a good time at the wedding.  It was one of the best weekends I've had in ages.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 I'm glad you had a great time.  It meant a lot to Lisa and me that you were able to spend the entire weekend with us.  I honestly can't remember the last time I had so much fun.  I hope you felt the same way.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Congrats on the beautiful baby.  Let's get together soon, if even for coffee in the afternoon.  Call me at x3-6320 when you get a chance.  Kevin 
 Susan,  I need to take a look at the following contracts.  Will you please have someone run them down to me in Central Gas Trading when you get a chance?  Counterparty   Sitara  Global # Synergi #  AEC Marketing USA  249169  96017703 016-01611-01-002 Crestar    249175  96022399 016-20948-301 Star Natural Gas  249312  96042209 Kaztex Energy Mgmt  393061  96000734 016-48012-302 BP Amoco   381839  96044917 Utilicorp   263333  96033084 Wisconsin Power & Light 363412  96045390 Amoco Energy Trading  391154  96041011 Tenaska Marketing Ventures 387768  96001395 016-87283-01-002  My cube # is 3234D and my extension is x3-6320.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 I appreciate the email.  I figured something must be wrong for you to miss the big day, but I was afraid to call.  The important thing, obviously, is that you get better.  We'll just have to figure out a way to meet up with you in the near future.  Tell everyone I said hi and keep me informed of your operation and recovery.  We'll all miss you very much.  Hugs and Kisses,  Kevin.  P.S.  Tell Tom and John we said hi. 
 Any deal with a quantity discrepancy is being investigated. 
 Sounds great.  Moller's email address is Richard.J.Moller@marshmc.com.  I do not have anyone else's email, but Moller should be able to provide you with Coun's and Ricigiliano's.  Just ask him.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 Liz,  Here's the file.  Thanks for your help.  Kevin 
 Susan,  Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.  I think you received a similar request from Tom Donaho.  Contact me if you have any questions.   Thanks for your help.  Kevin  P.S. My desk # is 3234D and my telephone number is 3-6320. 
 My bro' was supposed to get in touch with you.  The trip will be on Friday, the 22nd.  It's the day before the wedding.  I hope you could go.  Could you please give Coun, Ricigs, and Sweets a call to see if they have any interest.  Let me know.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Conway,  Where are you at now?  Are you in the states?  Let  me know.  Kevin 
 I never heard back from you.  Do you still have an interest in the group?  Kevin 
 Great to hear.  Congratulations to the both of you.  I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin and Lisa 
 Jay,  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Looking forward to working with= =20 you.  Kevin 
 I could meet today after 5pm.  Give me a call at x3-6320.  Kevin 
 Alberto,  You're best bet is to send a resume to Chris Gaskill.  Chris is starting a new fundamental analysis group.  I know he is looking for a few more people to get this group off the ground.  If you're interested in trading, it's probably the best way to get involved in this side of the business.  I'm not sure if you have a long term interest in trading or if you're just looking for a rotation.  Give me a call also after 4pm and I could provide you with some insight into the area.  Until then send Chris an email with your resume attached or you could talk to me first if you'd like.  Kevin 
 Russell,  Let me know if you need any more info.  Please let me know status as soon as possible.   Counterparty:  City of Holland, Michigan Contact:  Bruce Van Farowe Phone #: (616) 355-1204 Email:  vanfarow@hollandbpw.com    Thanks,  Kevin 
 P,  Please forward this to GD.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 What a relief.  Hope everything is going well.  KR 
 Let's say tomorrow at 6am.  See you then unless I hear back from you.  Kevin 
 Jim,  Do you have any availability this week?  Kevin 
 Luke's growing like crazy.  Great to see the update.  Yeah,   the wedding is getting near and the plans are pretty much complete.  We're really just having family so the plans at this point are minimum.  How's everything in California.  Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every Sunday at dinner time?  I wouldn't be surprised.  Did I tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago.  What an event.  The party included - get this crew - Bill Ricigliano, Dan Sweetser, Jonathan Counnnn, Richie Moller, Brian Sh., and yes, Vincent Lima.  We were all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz. glass of fresh piss.  Some things never change.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Great to hear you'll be back soon.  Get me a call when you get back in the states and tell that Fathead I said hi.  Kevin 
 Sweet house - I hope everything works out.  When are you trying to close? Did they accept your offer?  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 Had a great time in SF.  Went to the wine country for a few days.  Was sad to come back to Houston.  We haven't done much on the house since your visit.  I'll talk to you soon.  Tell Marie we said hi.  Kevin 
 Angela,  I'm not looking for another rotation.  I will be staying in NG trading and will hopefully be getting promoted this PRC session.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Kevin 
 Thanks for the gift certificate. You shouldn't have done that.  I'm heading to San Francisco tomorrow for 5 days.  I'll talk to you when I get back.  Kevin 
 Let's shoot for 6:30am on Friday.  I should be able to meet for about 15 minutes.  Let me know if this works for you.  Kevin 
 Your boy Gore is a nut.  How's everything going?  Looking forward to seeing you Gloria and Tommy over Christmas.  Take Care,  Kevin  - West_Palm_Beach_voters..doc 
 Sounds great.  Let me know what your schedule is like.  Kevin 
 Please send me a few recommended B&Bs and restaurants.  Thanks for your help.  Kevin  My email at home is kruscitti@aol.com (I think). 
 Good to hear from you.  The name of the jeweler is William Crescent and his phone number is (708) 418-5075.  He is located in Lansing IL and his address is 18049 Torrence Ave Lansing, IL  60438  Let him know I recommended him and if he doesn't remember me tell him I was referred by Greg Penmann and Mike Curry.  They both bought their engagement rings from Bill.  He's a pretty cool guy so just tell him what your looking for in terms of cut, clarity, color, and carat.  He'll receive a number of stones that fit your description and describe them over the phone.  He should encourage you to shop his prices.  I found him to be very competitive.  Let me know how it goes.  Are you available to meet next Tuesday afternoon around 4pm.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 Thanks.  Is there something I could do to facilitate the process.  KR 
 Any word.  I've been waiting for a while on this issue.  Kevin 
 Thanks for the update.  Let me know when everything is a go. 
 You're correct, I am saddened to see such a great x-Philly treated so poorly.  I often look back with wonder at how much ground Stocker would cover at the shortstop position, not to mention his tremendous power for a man of such small stature.  He could only be compared to x-Philly and future hall of famer - Ivan DeJesus.  The only uncertainty is whether or not Ivan will elect to be inducted under the Philly or Cubs uniform.  On the house front,  we purchased one and moved in at the beginning of May. It's a fixer-upper. All our weekends are spent working on it.  I gotta run, but thanks for the email.  Let me know how everything is going in your world.  Tell Rina and the kids we said hi.  Kevin 
 I forgot, we have a new telephone # (713) 880-4157.  I'll pick you up on Thursday and I'll take Friday off.  Looking forward to seeing you.  KR 
 Thank you.  Kevin 
 Rebecca,  I am no longer in the A/A program.  I got promoted this past review period. Please let me know if you got the update or not.  Thanks,  Kevin x3-6320 
 I have no additional info.  I was waiting to hear back from you.  I'll give them a call.  Kevin 
 Unfortunately there're not.  I already checked. 
 Thanks 
 Everything is correct except from my location - 3234B. Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 I'll be in town all weekend.  Looking forward to seeing you.  Anything in particular you want to do in the Lone Star State.  KR 
 F.P.,  Do you have your schedule yet?  Let me know as soon as you can.  I need to schedule a trip with work and I'll schedule it around your visit.  Looking forward to seeing you.  KR 
 Still waiting to hear back about your possible visit.  Any word?  Kevin 
 Did you pull the trigger? 
 Debra,  Could you call me when we're set to trade w/ Cinnabar?  Thanks for your help, I appreciate it.  Kevin x3-6320 
 That would be great.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 T.J.  Thanks for the picture.  I'm glad you guys like the gift.  Luke looks just like Rena, huh?  As far as Ricigs goes, I don't have his phone # or address.  I think Moller does though. Let me know  if you need his #.  Take care and tell Rena and Luke we said hi.  Kevin 
 We will be in town.  It would be great to see you and Marie.  Sorry for the delayed response, I seem to check my emails around once every 2 weeks.  I hope you could make it out.  I'll check into some things to do.  Let me know.  Kevin 
 We should be in town that week.  I'll make sure we save the date.  Kevin 
 Kelly,  I spoke with my friend and he mentioned that Michael was already talking to 2 firms and he didn't want to recommend a third at this time.  I told him that if anything changes, let me know. It was worth a try anyway.  I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin 
 That would be great.  Let me know so I could get tix to a ballgame if the Astros are in town that weekend. I'm going to the game next Monday to see McGwire and the Cards.  Glad to hear everything's going well.  I got a call from Peremes on Saturday.  She heard I got engaged and was pissed I didn't tell her.  I think she's smoking serious crack 'cause I told her when I talked to her about 6 mos. ago.  I guess she just chose to ignore me as usual.  Talk to you soon.  KR  P.S.  We just closed on a house this past Friday.  It's in need of some serious work.  Hopefully it'll be habitable by the time you see it. 
 Chump,  Long time no hear.  Sorry it's taken me so long to touch base with you. Between work, the wedding, and the fact that we just purchased a house (pending inspections) I've been pretty stressed. As far as the wedding goes Lisa and I have decided to scale down considerably.  We're only going to have immediately family and the folks in the wedding party.  For me that includes you of course, Moller, Kampy and Peremes (even though she won't be in the wedding).  Don't tell her though, she's the only one I haven't mentioned anything to.  I'll make sure you and Moller get to share a room.  I feel kinda bad about not inviting Lowery since I was in his wedding, but I don't feel like dealing with Kim.  She's really annoyed me the last few times I've seen her.  We still plan on having it at the B&B in Long Beach Island.  We'll have a catered dinner for about 45 folks. It should be more manageable and cheaper this way.  Do you have the exact date when you'll move back to the states?  I'm psyched you'll be a lot closer.  You could swing over to Houston and check out the new house.  By that time we should have it in decent shape. We bought the ugliest, most beat-up house on the block.  It definitely needs a lot of work.  We'll be busy for the next year working on it.  I think when it's done,  it'll look pretty cool.  Anyway,  send me an email and let me know how everything's going and when you'll be back.  Take care and tell Marie we said hi.  Kevin 
 We'd love to go to the opener.  Let's talk Monday.  I don't know if I'll be able to get downstairs by 11:00am, so let's work something out.  Kevin 
 Kevin Ruscitti  Gas Trading (Central)  Hunter Shively  Long Term Origination, Power Structuring  May 5, 1998  Gas Trading is my final rotation.  This is my permanent position.  If you have any questions, call me at X3-8530.  Thanks, Kevin Ruscitti 
 Congrats Murli,  Sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you.  I'm glad you accepted a job at Enron. I know you'll enjoy it.  As far as ECI goes, what group is this?  Is this the Communications group?  I would not recommend EES however.  I think you're experience would be better at ECT (now ENA) or Enron Communications.   Give me a call at 713-853-6320 (W) and we can talk.  Also I'm still in an apt so I don't know any real estate brokers to refer you to.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin 713-853-6320 (W) 713-830-0671 (H) 
 Could you please extend the guest id that expired for FTEnergy, the publisher of gas daily.  Please call me when this is completed.  We need to have these folks view our daily indices.  Thanks,  Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320 
 Dave,  It was great getting a chance to finanlly meet the other night.  Hope you enjoyed dinner.  Since then, I've been thinking abt some of our conversation re: the PBR.  I have a quick question - why wouldn't you under withdraw in Feb and over withdraw in Mar if Mar is currently higher than Feb.  You could lock this in by buying Mar forward.  Also,  what happens if you withdraw in Mar and the Summer peaks higher than what you withdrew at?  How is this accounted for?  I'll talk to you after you get back from Houston.  Kevin 
 I hope that didn't surprise you.  You notice that our avg GMATs are stronger than Harvards. 
 Congratulations!!  I couldn't be happier for you two.  How's Rena feeling - probably relieved, huh? Thanks for the call with the news.  We were out for the day, that's why didn't get back to you.  I'll try you today.  Kevin  P.S.  Great Name 
 You gotta get more current jokes.  That one's been floating around for quite some time now.  How's everything in SF?  Have you moved into your new office?  KR 
 Leroy,  Thanks for the email.  Sorry it took so long to get back to you - I actually am just catching up with my emails now - Friday at 5pm.  I'm interested in talking to you about the lunch discussion.  Kevin 3-6320 
 Great to hear from you as always.  It'll be great to have you back in the states.  By the way, I attached a copy of the boys. I hope it comes across OK.  Talk to you soon.  Kevin   - DCP00617.BMP 
 Great to hear from you.  Things have been going well in Houston.  Lisa is working for Johnson Controls. It must be a long time since we've talked b/c she's been with Johnson for about 5 months.  I love my new job - I'm trading gas up in the Midwest market area - Illinois and Michigan.  Things have been incredibly busy.  The wedding plans have changed considerably.  As I'm sure you can relate to, the stress of planning combined with the input of so many others have made us decide to have a wedding with only our folks there and not even have a reception.   We figured we could put the money toward a house and save a lot of anger, frustration and stress.  How's the job, new house, and Terri doing?  Have you been to many Bears games?  The Scarlet Knights have been so inconsistent this year.  I think a lot is due to their youth.  Let's talk soon.  Kevin 
 Anne Marie,  Unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to interview at UCLA on the 11th. Keep me in mind for next time though.  Kevin 
 Murli,  Great to hear from you.  I'm glad you accepted the offer - I'm sure you'll enjoy you're experience at Enron.  Good luck during your final semester.  Kevin 
 Dan,  Please take a look at the new Purchase agreement and let me know what you think.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 That is if you ever get you LLC set up.  Look forward to trading with you in 2001.  KR 
 Joke, huh? 
 Davis,  Let me know if this helps.  kevin 
 If I understand you correctly, it may depend to an extent on season basis differentials as well. Why don't you give me a call so I could better understand what you're trying to do.  Kevin x3-6320 
 I received the email.  Thanks,  kevin 
 Dude,  What's your work #.  I need to give you a call.  Kevin 
 T.J.,  I need your LA address.  I'm sure I have it some place but I can't find it. How's everything going?  How's Rena?  Are you heading home for the holidays or staying in LA?  Also,  if you have Lowery's address and phone # could you forward it.  Thanks,  Kevin 
 You too.  Make sure you tell Paul I said Hi.  Kevin 
