 on the following Monday.  Alice will also be supporting Harlan Murphy, a new lawyer that will also start on Friday.  Thanks 
 Thanks for the feed back - it may not have been the same Greg Johnston (she said that her Greg had an "e" at the end of his name) 
 Thanks for this - as you suggested earlier when I get a break I will follow-up on your earlier email, re WEST TEAM with Carol as support, and send out another email. 
 APPROVED 
 APPROVED    Jan M King/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:14 PM 
 approved    Jan M King/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:42 PM 
 WELCOME BACK 
 Can you review? thanks 
 more(same) of prior email request 
 Hi  Can you can hit on Wed (lunch or afternoon fine for me)?  Talk to you soon. 
 Thurs at 530 would work great - See ya there  PS I didn't make the masters yet but ...... soon? I'm talking to my brother who is having some rough times about doing another family triathlon together at a Delaware beach.  Of course I'd have to somehow find a bike to practice on - I haven't been on one since Sam was born.  See ya Thurs. 
 Hi Andy  I would not be able to make the meetings during the week of July 23rd but Carol could on the collateral annex. The WSPP is holding its meeting on August 10th so that also may not be the best time for people, but again Carol could likely attend the collateral annex meeting.  Hope all is well. And as always thanks for your help. 
 HI Pamela  Sorry for the delay in responding (my external calls are not working) but it turns out that I have a scheduling conflict that will prevent me from speaking on Oct 11th/12th.   Thanks again for the invitation to speak - hopefully we will be able to speak again in the future.  Elizabeth 
 A couple of minor changes - let me know if this is OK with you and then I will discuss with Mark Haedicke.  Thanks  ps blacklining seems to be all messed up but I tried    "Williams, Stephen E." <sewilliams@mcguirewoods.com> 06/05/2001 10:04 AM 
 In accordance with my voice mail, attached is a revised version of the waiver letter for Janice.  After you have a chance to review, please let me know if this OK.  Thanks for your help.   Elizabeth  36349 
 Looks OK    "Moore, Janice R" <jmoore@mcguirewoods.com> 06/05/2001 04:22 PM 
 I have a court at 500 - see ya there unless I here otherwise 
 great - check out the spelling  below - now we know the real problem    Grant Cox <gacox@mail.gsi-net.com> 06/06/2001 01:23 PM 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 confirmed 
 fyi  steve is in portland 
 Christi  Leslie is out Thurs Friday at CLE.  I have asked Harlan to review and get back in touch with you.  Thanks    Christi L Nicolay 06/07/2001 07:41 AM 
 how about Mon 1:30    "Laura Gibson" <lgibson@ogwb.com> 06/07/2001 09:55 AM Please respond to lgibson 
 Ella has an appointment for 1 hour 1130-1230 with Loiuse (recommended by Ms Ing and who is also a good friend of Mary Baisich the women in Clear Lake I was waiting on ) 6 blocks from AOS next Wed.  I'm working on insurance coverage now.  My appointment at MD Anderson may conflict - can you make it if I can't? 
 thanks 
 By copy of this email, I am asking Mary Cook to send to you a draft of the latest form of MNA.  This MNA , I believe, is still a work in progress and is intended to include  only  Master Agreements for which we are comfortable that the underlying transactions are commodities subject to the special bankruptcy code protections.  Hope it helps.    Paul_Puchot@enron.net 06/07/2001 11:28 AM 
 My group calendar is Power Group 
 NICE! EAT WELL! SLEEP SOUND!  ps be aware of hidden hotel costs for internet  - christian in san antonio worked on the internet  for several hours only to be billed $3000 for long distance telephone time.    Grant Cox <gacox@mail.gsi-net.com> 06/11/2001 10:44 AM 
 Tennis plan looks great.  Total time 1 hour 35 minutes.  No problem.  I played  last night with Grant and 2 other guys (only the second time I've ever played doubles with Grant) - my forehand/backhand down the line won some respect (thanks to our practice sessions no doubt) but my net game continues to be wobbly, shaky, timid, erratic , random.... in a word, pitiful.  So here is to continued improvement - See you at 1130 on Thursday, court 1.  Also Genia sent you by email our EEI cover sheet last week but she just left me a message saying you may no have rec'd it.  Did you get it?  If not I'll resend.  Just let me know. Thanks 
 Leslie  Do you have a hard copy I could take w me tomorrow to DC (valuable plane time work) Thanks 
 Unbelievable!  Thanks 
 While I'm still making plans, go ahead and reserve room for August 9, 10, 11.  thanks 
 done  ... and not just that; I'm cruising the internet, investigating the Broadmoor's "professional" tennis camp for the weekend of August 10, 11, 12 and booking rooms.  I asked for 4.  How's your game?  In the meanwhile I've been trying to call you but I can't get through to Portland.  Is it raining there?  Give me a call.    Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate 06/11/2001 04:10 PM 
 Mark and Jeff  Here is information I rec'd regarding the upcoming EEI meeting on Friday May 7th.  Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi Karen  Going to the legal conference.  Lucky me. I get to go only for Wed. night and 2 hours on Thurs. then get to fly to DC for meetings w MH and others regarding contract standardization.  Your analysis is historically correct but recently we have changed our policy. The new policy is meeting w limited sucess.  Let me know if you need any thing else.  eas 
 I  believe this contract has been executed - Kenton was the lawyer working w Paul P.  Let me know if you need us to track it down.  Give me a call anytime to discuss the industry in genreal  eas 36349 
 Sheila  I may have mispoke - I thought you were talking about the power contracts.  I don't think the current gas form permits assignements in connection w financings, but I could be wrong. let me know what else I can do. 
 not a thing yet 
 Genia  Kenton worked on this contracr - do you think you can find this.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Melanie  In general, Enron would prefer all matters with respect to power go to arbitration for all issues.  When we first started trading power we limited arbitration because we were uncertain where/how the market was going. Accordingly, we limited arbitration to financial matters only.  I only raised the issue last week because the scope of arbitration came up in another case and we were uncertain whether an issue of proper termination would be subject to the arbitration provision or not.  In conclusion, based on today's policies (arbitrate everything), I would not think that there would be any reason for us to be concerned with preserving  an argument of limited applicability of the arbitration language found in the PCA Master.  I briefly reviewed your draft answer and will fax the comments to you shortly.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Elizabeth asked that I request a copy of the above document at your earliest convenience.  She will be leaving the office around 11:00 am this morning to go out of town and would like to have the agreement to review.  Please let me know if I can be of assistance in any way (ext. 3-5438).  Thanks. 
 fyi thanks eas 
 fyi thanks eas 
 Sorry for the late RSVP, but I will be attending the drafting meetings on Tues. Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron 713 853-6349 
 sorry to say but  I haven't heard a thing 
 large thanks esager 
 I wll be attending the meeting. Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron 
 Jeff FYI 
 Thanks Anything fine but if individual orders are being followed, a large salad with vinaigrette dressing and some maque chou (sp?). 
 John I'm not sure what their issue is but the CFTC issue related to thier interest in being able to terminate their purchase obligations for a price.  This is the type of provision we can't have in the contract because of CFTC concerns.  Let  me know whats next. 
 John I'm not in on Friday so is there another day?  Also without wantingto be too bold, I will say that we have been down this path before and we just can't have a preestablished termination right (unless it is a Default) with financial payment. 
 brenda please print these thanks 
 Robin  Thanks for your voicemail - here is the final ERCOT Agreement. I'm still thinking of responding w more legal comments but at this point I think the door is pretty much shut. 
 FYI Stand ready, stand firm. 
 Sorry for the delay in responding.  I am having my assistant Brenda Whitehead fax to Paul asap a copy of the presentation - if you need something else just let Brenda or me know. 
 Sure.  By copy of this letter, I am asking brenda to forward it to you. Thanks Brenda. 
 brenda please add to chart thanks 
 per our discussion yesterday 
 Here are my comments What do you think eas 
 Here it is (copy machine on the blink) 
 I would be very interested in working w Patty on going line by line through the draft Master. Thanks Elizabeth Sager EPMI esager2@ect.enron.com 
 Kevin I thought the letter was great. No comments. 
 As always, thanks. 
 here is a draft.  let me know what you think.  I know i don't hvave the name of the third plant correct but ... 
 Hi Sorry for the delay.  I have a meeting scheduled w Exxon for next Thurs. at 1000.  Do you want us to tie you in? Elizabeth 36349 
 John Dennis and I spoke last week but I had to canacel the Thurs meeting due to an unexpected out of town trip.  Dennis is to call me to reschedule.  Sorry for the delay and I'll let you know what comes about.  Elizabeth 
 Shari  Can you follow up and see what they want us to do on this ( I know its AEP but since its west, I thought you could do it most easily ... let me know if I'm wrong) 
 As promised, here is a copy of what we filed -sorry for the delay - lots of travel recently. A question for you on the meetings on the 28th and 29th - I am assuming the meetings will be in DC. Is this correct? Thanks and I hope all is well. Elizabeth 
 "A long time to wait" - thats what Ella says all the time, only she's usually wrong and you are definitely right.  In the process of becoming dedicated to nothing but dispute resolution it appears I've lost my civility  .... imaging that  ..... becoming just like so many trial lawyers.  How about Monday the 12th?  Sager 
 Hi Geoff Sorry for the long delay - Things have been unbelievably hectic.  This week in looking better. Do you have any time this week to get together. How about Tuesday? Let me know what works. Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Here is a draft of where we are thinking of going with WSPP Firm.  Give me a call to discuss.  Thanks.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349. 
 Attached is a first draft.  It is likely heavy handed but we can chop down from here (don't want to scare NERC away but need to set the record straight). 
 Hi Geoff Give me a call at 713 853-6349 when you get a chance.  I'v beend trying to call you today but the number just keeps on ringing. Hope all is well. Talk to you soon. Thanks Elizabeth 
 Brenda Will you please print these out for me.  Thanks 
 Please print 
 Mark  FYI regarding Jim's new role. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 FYI Have a great day eas 
 Privileged and Confidential.  Attoney Client Work Product.  Attached is a draft letter for your consideration.  Our outside counsel believes a letter like this would help us in our position that we do not have to continue buying energy when there is no transfer capability at the SDP because we know TVA will reject it.  Sending this letter is not critical to the sucess of our position but would bolster it somewhat.  Before deceiding to sent or not, I wanted your thoughts on how you think that giving this information to TVA would impact us, particularly given TVA's actions today, re acces to transmission through third party transactions.  Lets discuss this afternoon.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi Dennis called me to attempt to reschedule.  Conflicts in schedules led him to leave me a vm saying he will call me when he gaets back in the office next week.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Thanks for your email.  I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week so when you find an answer, just let Bonnie (37422) White know.  Thanks. Elizabeth 
 FYI - I'm out of the office the rest of this week, in on Monday and then out all the following week.  My assistant Brenda knows where I am.  If you need to reach me either leave me a vm and I'll return the call (I would love nothing more than to be execused from the painful standardized contract meetings I will be attending) or else call me on the cell phone 713 854 5747.  Bob Madden is the outside lawyer on the TVA MOPA and control area and you can call him at 713 650 8805 if you need to.  He is currently working on the declaratory judgement petition and is aware of the possible timeframe. Have a great week. Sager 
 Please print thanks 
 Last week, the WSPP drafing group met in sunny California  to continue the slow and steady march towards a standardized, "national" agreement. Schedule C , the service schedule for firm transactions, was the primary topic and the following is a summary of where the group is headed.  After much discussion, we proposed  that the group consider the definition of firm energy  that Tim, Christian and others have been considering.  The following is proposed language (the base was EPMI's version) that the WSPP group is currently reviewing:  Firm Power is power that is sold and scheduled in accordance with applicable reserve requirements for which the only excuse for the failure to deliver or recieve are those set forth in Schedule 3.9 of the WSPP Agreement.  Seller shall take steps necessary for the power to be considered Firm Power under this definition.  Schedule 3.9 only allows interruption if (i) within agreed recall time, (ii) due to an Uncontrollable Force or (iii) power is need for native load; provided, however it was agreed that a party would neverless be liable for LDs if it interrupts due to native load requirements (this last point is a major accomplishment that apppears to have uniform agreement and will be implemented in the next draft - the group claimed that the "optics" are necessary to help traditional utilities).  As a further note, the group agreed to do away with all references to C1 and  C2 and have just one Schedule.  Changes from EPMI's proposed definition where  the result of the following discussions:  1.  Generated vs. Sold - "Sold" was elected over "generated" because the group thinks that it is the receiving control area that determines the generator's reserve requirements.  2. "Schedule"  was added to bolster the scheduling requirements.  3.  "Reserves" instead of "Operating Reserves" was used because the group thought the word operating may be too restrictive.  4.  "WSCC reserve requirements" was replaced with "applicable" reserve requirements because the group thinks that the WSPP Agreement is national in scope and should not be limited to WSPP.  5.  References to Non-firm supply as being excluded from Firm Power was excluded because the group thought it was redundent  - no control area would accept a non-firm supply as being firm.  6.  Power rather than energy is being used only bacause that is the decision that has already been made.  This defintion will be further discussed at  the next meeting on Aug 20th in Denver.  Prior to that time, I would like to get your thoughts on how this is shaping up and what additions/deletions are appropriate.  I look forward to hearing your thoughts.  Thanks. Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Hi  I really enjoyed playing yesterday -thanks.  Can you hit on Wed. afternoon or Thursday lunch or afternoon?  Talk to you soon 
 I'm available all day on the 23rd and 24th.  The week before I am here all week other than the 20th (Friday).  Thanks eas 
 I will be out of the office until Monday, August 16th.  If you need assistance, feel free to contact either David (39239), Jeff (36911), Leslie (36121), or  Christian (5034647845).  If you need to reach me I can be tracked down at 970 923 6279.  Thanks and have a great week.  Sager 
 Please print 
 please print 
 Mark  Attached is the preliminary outline of a conference EEI is considering holding on November 17, 1999 to introduce the form of standardized power contract developed through EEI.  You will note that EEI listed you as a potential speaker.  EEI has also called me to discuss my role in this presentation but I wanted to get your thoughts first.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 please print 
 I will be attending Firday's meeting.  Complete information for me is as follows:  Elizabeth Sager 1400 Smith Street Houston Texes 77007  713 853 6349 Phone 713 646 3490 Fax  esager2@ect.enron.com   (EMAIL)  Thanks Elizabeth 
 please print 
 please print 
 Hi Sheryl  Hope all is well - we missed Eleanor on Sunday.  How did your lunch go last week.  Give me a call when you get a minute.  Sager 713 853 6349 
 FYI 
 Slightly revised version. Thanks Elizabeth 
 fyi 
 Woould love to but .... presentation to FINANCE at 300.  Oh well Hope all is well. e 
 Do you think anybody in your group would be interested? Sager 
 Mark Lets talk about his when you get a chance.  The Power Trading Group wants to send this out Monday(20) or Tuesday (21) and Christi has asked me for comments. Thanks Elizabeth 
 materials for DC meeting 
 Genia  Can you get with Ed Hearn on this and start the process rolling - I think he was the one that set up Enron SE - if not give me a call.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 Never mind.  Thanks though. 
 Elizabeth Sager and Lou Stoler from Enron  will attend the meeting on Friday. Thanks 
 John  Your interpretation is correct based on my understanding.  You may want to call Dennis to just check in.  Dennis did say that he would include Enron in any bid packages prepared. 
 Met at 430 - Yes. Court . Under the Cox name. Vacation - still thinking. See ya 
 FYI - Brochure for EEI meeting in November. 
 Here is the draft.  As always, thanks for your help. Elizabeth 
 Hi Christian  Thanks for the email and voicemail - look forward to seeing you in Oct.  This EEI contract is a still a progress in work.  Last week's meeting resulted in still more changes. New draft is being prepared and will be distributed later this week.  Contract "rollout" is in Nov.  Its raining here. First time in over two months.  I think I'll leave today in celebration.  Sager 
 I have scheduled a meeting for October 7th from 8:30 to 2:30 in room 3321 to recommence the project we began in January to review the existing Houston-based financial, gas and power trading forms.  All of you should have received a black binder labelled "Analysis of ECT's Finacial, Power, Gas Forms"  which contains all of the long and short forms used for trading (as such forms existed in January 1999), as well as my summary comparison as to how each of the forms handles certain legal issues (eg, termination, cover, assignement, confidentiality ....).  If you did not receive or cannot locate this binder, let me know and I will forward to you another copy.  This analysis was done in January.   I am aware that some of the forms may have changed since then but have not undertaken to "update" the memo as we will be able to discuss such changes at the meeting.  The purpose of the meeting is to review how each of the Houston-based trading  forms has been structured and to note where there are differences. The ultimate goal is to determine what Enron's "model" trading provisions should be and to determine a consistent approach unless there is a justified rational for treating the commodities in a different manner.  With this in mind, I would hope to be able to create a "modular type" contract  whereby each legal issue would have a recommended approach, evidenced by language that will be approved by the group.  By way of example, Enron's gas contract prohibits assignement without consent, which consent can be withheld for any reason.  The financial form provides that a party can not unreasonably withhold its consent.  At this meeting we would discuss what the preferred approach is and then begin the process of drafting appropriate language, which language would be approved at a seperate meeting.  This  "modular assignment section" could then be dropped into all trading forms unless differences were required due to the commodity/product involved.  You will note that the analysis performed to date does not include all areas of a trading contract.  Similiar steps will still need to be undertaken with other provisions such as credit terms.  At the meeting, I hope to further discuss the additional areas everybody believes should be reviewed.  Aron Roffwarg, a lawyer  from Bracewell, will also be at the meeting to assist us in this effort.  Thanks 
 call in number is 888 237 7001, access code 501 104 talk to you later 
 Hi John - You are in good company - I never call or write those I care about; only my "enemies" get to hear or see me.  And if that doesn't tell you how I spend my time, nothing will.  Now that summer is almost upon us (its only 92 degrees in Houston), I hope for more.  Give me a call and lets try to catch up this week.  Hope all is well for you.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Hi Smith  If a six week delay in responding doesn't merit a big I'm sorry I don't know what does.  My sincere apologizes in not responding sooner.  We have been looking for a power trading lawyer for about a year.  In March Mark H. decided that since we couldn't find one outside that he would bring in people internally.  Accordingly, back in April we had 3 internal lawyers move into the group.  As a result of this shift,  we are not currently looking for additional lawyers for power trading, but if things change I'll let you know.  Just FYI, there may be openings in other areas (finance, asset  development).  If you are interested, let me know and I'll call you back.  Also, I know that power trading lawyers in general are in hot demand ...  other organizations may be hiring.  I will be up in Portland, next week.  Maybe we can talk then  Again, my apologizes on the long delay. 
 SCEM - Sonnet Edmund's can be your first stop.  She has a new person who you will likely work with but I forget his name. 
 This is likely the last opportunity we will have for comments, so if anybody has any additional comments, please let me know no later than the end of the day on Wed, Oct 13th, and I will forward all comments to Caroline on Thursday.  Thanks for everybody's assistance on this effort.  Elizabeth 
 I'm only available from 2 -245 on thursday the 21st.(sorry for the trouble but my daughter has a doctors appointment on thurs and I'm not in on Friday) Thanks Elizabeth 
 I will be able to attend by phone (subject to kid noise in the bakground however).  Please leave me a voice mail at 36349 to let me know phone in details.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 It would be my pleasure to have you on the call. I asked Caroline if we could do it at 300 houston time.  Hope that works. Elizabeth 
 Christian Can you review this and let me know if you are ok w this for online trading. thanks e 
 Sorry for the delay  Handicap - a very poor player  Food - Water, Heinikin and turkey sandwich w cheese  Thanks Elizabeth 
 I'm out thurs and friday this week.  In next week, though.  Let me know what might work say next tues/wed thanks 
 1000 is fine w me elizabeth 
 Attached is draft.  Want to review with Bob before we send out.  Thanks e 
 Brenda wuld you please fill this out and send to Zal. 
 Attached is the latest EEI contract for your review.  If you have any changes you think should be incorporated, please let me know before the the 16th of November.  As you all are aware, I have been working with EEI to come up with the definition of an "Into" product.  I circulated a draft definition at the last EEI meeting.  There will be a conference call on Tuesday Nov.9th from 230 to 430 to further discuss with EEI members.  Let me know if you would like to participate.  In the meanwhile if you have any comments on the draft Into definition I circulated, please get me our comments as soon as possible.  I will be meeting with the traders later today to discuss with them.  Thanks for everbody's help on this project.  The end may be near. 
 Please print thanks 
 Please see this attached bio: 
 Final version for your files of the ERCOT Trading Agreement. 
 Marty Despite best eforts, I have not been ableto revie the definition yet and likely won't before Tuesday when I'm in DC.  I'll let you know when finished.  Thanks Elizabeth 
 More on the subject, which I haven't reviewed - let me know what you think. Comes from a guy who is very nice and attentive at Citizens but ...  Happy Days Off 
 Article as per my voice mail. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 FYI 
 Hi Melanie  I received your draft answer and am still trying to verify numbers.  When do we need to file?  Thanks   Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 per my vm es 
 hi 
 Thank you 
 Christi  Here is a brief summary of the TVA/EPMI lawsuit - Let me know if you would like more information  (Note - the MOPA has been filed under seal in order to protect confidentiality  - The judge was sensitive about this given the potential right of a party to get the MOPA from TVA under a FOIA - Accordingly, we don't want to encourage further invetigation of the MOPA by third parties)    *EPMI filed a declaratory judgement proceeding on November 15, 1999 against TVA in the District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  Judge Edgar has been assigned the matter.  *The lawsuit concerns the interpretation of an option contract EPMI and TVA entered into on December 6, 1995 (Master Option Purchase Agreement (MOPA).  *The sole issue presented by the declaratory judgement is the obligations of TVA and EPMI under the MOPA in the circumstances where EPMI is unable to schedule for delivery, or deliver, energy requested by TVA under the MOPA at the Scheduled Delivery Point (SDP) if the available transfer capability at the SDP is not sufficient to allow the schedule or delivery.  EPMI believes that the MOPA unambiguously addresses the issue.  *A trial date in late June 2000 has been set.  *EPMI filed a Motion for Summary Judgement on November 18, 1999. 
 As you are aware, the legal group has been considering EPMI's options given TVA's failure during the summer of 99 to treat Enron's control areas in a manner similiar to other control areas.  One option we have considered is the possibility of claiming monetary damages against TVA  for TVA's breach of NERC policies.  In order to make such a statement, we would, in essence, be required to assert that the NERC policies are a "contract" which all NERC members are obligated to abide by and for which the failure to do so could result in monetary damages.  One concern with this strategy is whether EPMI and/or its affiliates could possibly be damaged in other, unrelated  proceedings if it was determined that NERC policies were indeed "contractual obligations" (e.g., a third party claims monetary damages against EPMI for an alleged violation of NERC "contractual policies").  It would be very helpful if you would consider this issue and get back to me with any thoughts or comments you have.  Thanks for your help.  Elizabeth 36349  CONFIDENTIAL;ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;NOT DISCOVERABLE 
 Patty and Harlan  I received your emails.  1. I agree with Patty that I'm not sure the first section of the agenda is relevant other than in connection with the product descriptions.  2. I would like to add the Unit Contingent definition as a discussion point.  3. My apologies given, but I'm still working on the revised draft of the INTO definition.  I promise that it will be avaiable no later than early Monday. If at all possible, I will try to get it out earlier but I can't promise given current work committments.  I will let you know by Thursday afternoon if it looks like earlier is doable.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  Thanks  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Into product should be distributed to Andy and Patricia Young.  Emails in this email 
 Draft Definitions should go to all the peole on this email both as "to" and "cc". 
 Hi John  Thanks for WSJ article.  Now if only you could notify senior management over here and let them know I would forever indebted (but hopefully richer as well).  TVA has sent us a system impact study agreement that I am having faxed to you now.  We have to send out on Thursday.  Do you have time to review and we can discuss tomorrow.  Thanks 
 Here are materials I recieved from EEI in anticipation of the EEI product description meeting on Wed.   I would guess that the bulk of the meeting will be spent on the "Into" definition, which draft was prepared by David and myself, but we will also need to provide requested alterations to the other product definitions (unit firm and system firm).  If you have any questions/thoughts about the Into definiton, please call either David or me. 
 Hi Dede  Dana Davis is the trader that is coming from Enron.  Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Elizabeth 
 Richard Here is where Genia got on fax room search.  Lets's talk tommorrow about where to go from here. Thanks 
 As you requested, attached as "INTO4R" is a draft defintion of an INTO Product that I prepared for EEI. 
 Attached is a preliminary draft of the letter prepared by Gibbs & Bruns notifying TVA of the occurrence of a Triggering Event and EMPI's suspension of deliveries under the MOPA.  Please review and call me with any questions or comments.  We will need to carefully consider EPMI's offer to provide energy under the MOPA at market based rates.  As you are aware,  the current plan is to send TVA  notice on Jan. 4th.  The draft of the control area  petition should be ready for circulation on Tuesday, the 28th.   Once received, I will forward both the petition and a revised draft of this letter to legal, regulatory and trading for review.  CONFIDENTIAL/ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVLEDGE 
 please print all 
 please print 
 please print both 
 Enclosed are revised documents.  Below is a summary of changes made.  Copies enclosed are clean copies.  Please carefully review all documents so that we can next move to final execution copies.  Thanks for everybody's help.  Revised Physical Confirm  Changes Made:  1)   SET-OFF Paragraph (B) - First sentence deleted and the phrase "of the Master Agreement" added after the reference to Section 4.2 2)   Definition of Business Day - changed commas to parenthesis 3)   Definition of Year added 4)   Exhibit "D" numbers added and the name of the Exhibit was changed to Option Premium 5)   The phrase "as amended" added in the first paragraph with respect to the definition of the Master Agreement 6)   Definition of Summer Season amended to delete NERC definition because NERC is already defined 7)   Exhibit "C" - (a) First sentence modified to reflect the fact that the Daily Energy Charge calculation will vary depending upon whether a given Month is in the Summer Season or the Non-Summer Season and (b) the phrase "where," or "and where," was added three times immediately prior to each set of definitions.  Revised Financial Confirm  1)   Added the words "shall be" in last paragraph of Section "Energy Quantity". 2)   Deleted proviso in Section "Cash Settlement Amount for each Energy Index Point." 3)   Added phrase in (b) of Section "Billing and Payment" to show that payments could go to Seller from Buyer and in (c) to add words "as amended". 4) Added Exhibit III/Option Premium.  Schedule to ISDA  Changes Made:  1. Added ENA as specified entity ML (Part 1 a). 2. Fixed names in Part 1 (k) from ML and Enron to Credit Support Provider. 3. Add notice for ML (Part 4/a). 4. Reference amendment to Guaranty (Part 4 (f)). 
 Enclosed are those documents I believe would be impacted if we elect to use separate Credit Support Annexes, one for the new EPMI ISDA and one for the Power Master (already in existence ("Old CSA")).  1. New Credit Support Annex - to be attached to EPMI/ML ISDA ("New CSA"). Draft enclosed, including one marked to show changes from CSA currently in place between ENA and ML.  2. Schedule to ISDA - Part 4(F) would reflect New CSA rather than Old CSA. Revised Schedule attached.  3. No Amendment to Power Agreement would be required.  (Delete document named "Power Amendment 1).      (black-line version) 
 As we discussed, enclosed are execution copies of the documents that we have been working on.  Please review, and if acceptable, have an authorized officer of ML execute each of the enclosed documents and return to my attention at fax no. 713 646 3490.  We will follow up with hard copies.  Thanks for all your help.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Andy  David Portz and I will be available to attend the meeting in DC.  Look forward to seeing you then. Happy New Year Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 great 
 Hi  Give me a call about Duke's changes.  I also disagree w (ii) and really think even (i) is wrong since an Option can either be in the money or out of the money and in either case the full value should be taken and netted against other Gains and Losses.  Happy New Year e 
 On?  Name the time (400?) and the spot (Met?)  e 
 At 10:45 am today, Jan 6th, we sent a notice to TVA advising them that a Triggering Event under the MOPA had occurred.  As a result of the Triggering Event, EPMI has the right to suspend deliveries and/or to terminate the MOPA.  At this point, we have not elected to suspend deliveries or to terminate the MOPA.  Accordingly, our performance under the MOPA at this point will not be impacted and we will continue to perform under the terms of the MOPA.  The letter also sets forth a proposal to TVA pursuant to which EPMI would be willing to continue performing under the MOPA.  This proposal is conditioned on  TVA allowing EPMI to seek a judicial determination of its rights and  TVA paying market-based rates for the energy delivered by EPMI to TVA under the MOPA  pending the judicial proceedings.  If you have any questions, please call me at 36349. 
 Attached is a memo from Julia about a meeting going over some of the deals, including power deals, that were closed last year.  Background information on the deals could be helpful as several of these deals are likely to be administered by power trading.  Let LindaNoske  know if you can make it (lunch will be served) 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  The following is the current schedule for certain actions EPMI has taken or is contemplating taking relating to TVA:  Jan 6 -  MOPA- Sent notice to TVA by fax stating that a Triggering Event occurred and asking TVA to consider our  proposal in order to continue the MOPA in  effect (to date, there has been no response from TVA)  Jan 24 - Operations - Cut transmission line for 2000 peaker  Jan 26 - MOPA - Notify TVA that EPMI is suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Jan 27 and terminating the  MOPA by selecting an Early Termination Date ( which date may be no earlier than 10 Business Days after delivery of notice)  Feb 4 - Control Area - File complaint  relating to TVA's actions against EPMI's control areas, which lawsuit would be filed in the Eastern District of Tenn. (Judge  Edgar) as part of the already filed lawsuit on the interface issues  If you have any questions or concerns with this schedule, please notify me immediately.  Unless there are any objections, we will proceed on this basis; provided, however, if we hear from Mike Miller that the target operations date of Jan 24th can not be met, we would then propose to expedite this schedule.  If we move up any of these actions, we will notify everybody,  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 please print all attachments (2 emails) 
 please print 
 John and Sam   It would be great if you would follow this for us.  Please forward things to me.  Just FYI, PCA has sued us in the bankruptcy, for among other things, wrongful termination.  Call with any questions.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 please print 
 Taffy  The only time off for me was the holiday on Jan 3.  I claimed 7 hours. Let me know if you need anything else. 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;CONFIDENTIAL  Thanks 36349 
 Thanks Bob. I would love a copy of the memo.   Elizabeth 
 As a follow-up to the earlier email, we plan to file the Calpine petition THIS FRIDAY (the 21st).  Please call me at 36349 and let me know if you have any thoughts/comments ...on the petition.  Thanks  Elizabeth 
 Greg  Original email that was sent to me, also was suppose to be sent to  you, but it went to the wrong Greg Woulfe.  So here it is.  Also, date of filing is wrong.  We want to file this Friday, the 21st.  Let me know if you have any thoughts/changes.  Thanks  Elizabeth  36349 
 FYI - This Friday  (21) not Next 
 Surpassing last year's record will be easy.  Great to see you as well and Feb 2 looks great.  Lets talk on the first.  713 853 6349 
 What time 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  By letter dated January 24th, TVA rejected  EPMI's offer to continue performance under the MOPA at market prices.   Accordingly, we sent a letter to TVA today, January 25th, at 4:00 notifying TVA that (1) EPMI was suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Thursday, January 27th and (2) EPMI intended to exercise its termination rights unless TVA agreed to our proposal to continue performance under the MOPA pending a judicial determination of whether a Triggering Event occurred under the MOPA.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Copies of the letter will be distributed later today.  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT  Here is the draft TVA petition covering all 3 issues we have with TVA that we are planning to  file tomorrow, the 27th.  Please call me no later than than 9:00 with any comments.  Thanks  Sorry for the short notice 
 Thanks for the comments Elizabeth 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  EPMI filed an amended petition with the court in Tennessee where EPMI's current declaratory judgment action (interface issue) is pending alleging that TVA violated NERC rules as a result of TVA's actions during the summer of 99.  In order to amend the current petition to include this additional claim, EPMI needs the courts approval.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE  Pursuant to a letter faxed to TVA today, January 27th, we notified TVA that EPMI was terminating the MOPA effective February 11, 2000 (earliest date permitted under the MOPA).  At the same time, we filed an amended petition with the court in Tennessee where EPMI's current claim against TVA (interface issue) is pending seeking a declaratory judgment that EPMI had the right to terminate the MOPA.  In order to include this additional claim in the already filed petition, we will need the approval of the court.  Copies of the letter will be distributed later .  Elizabeth Sager 36349 
 Can you see if you cann open this for me thanks 
 lunch today great with me.  how about you.  call or write  713 853 6439  e 
 email has changed to Elizabeth.Sager@Enron.com 
 please print 
 please print 
 Hi Andy  I read through all of your Article this weekend .  What a job!  I will forward to you this afternoon or first thing tomorrow an electronic copy of my suggested changes, which also attempts to pick up those given to me by Dede.  After you receive it, I thought it might be helpful to talk over the changes so you can see where I was coming from.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Janel  I'm not sure.  I thought the meeting was being set up to coordinate efforts between regulatory, legal and ENA and EES.  The meeting was requested by Christi Nicollay. 
 see this attachment: 
 lets discuss at 130 
 As promised, here is rough idea of deal.  Terms have changed since this was prepared.   I will keep you informed as the deal progresses. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 nothing I know of 
 fyi 
 Tuesday works great for me.  As we discussed at the last meeting in Houston, I have begun, but not yet finished, revisions to Product B.  I have several questions and will need input from others as how best to proceed on some issues.  I spoke w Harlan briefly but would appreciate further input, particularly on the "one-time, good faith effort" to find an ADI.  I will call Harlan and Marjie to further discuss.  A draft will be circulated before the Tuesday call.  Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Today its my turn to be the goof - today I can't make it.  Sorry.  How about tomorrow Sager 
 pretty skimpy but here it is. 
 Sheila  FYI.  I will forward to you the written reviews I have done.   Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 I did say Thursday right?  Thursday noon? 
 brenda please set up in mydirectory as the next TVA letter 
 Please call me with comments concerning the following two letters: 
 Enclosed is a revised Term Sheet, one copy of which has been marked to show changes from Fred's last draft.  The Term Sheet is intended to be in no way binding;  references to  the proposal being held  "open" have been deleted.  Also, I have not attempted to include any reference to SD Warren having the right to receive the financial benefits if EPMI resells the Power not used by SD Warren to NEPOOL at a price higher than the Contract Price (CFTC concerns).  Dan - Could you please help me fix the definition of "Green Requirement".  Fred - I wanted to stick to "would" instead of "will"  as the operative verb in order to emphasize the non-binding nature of the proposal.  If you have any questions or comments, please call me.  I will not be in the office on Friday.  In my absence, please call Leslie Hansen at 36121.  Elizabeth 36349 
 Fred I don't think we have to wait, but if time permits we might as well fix. Elizabeth 
 Christi  Could you please email the TVA draft letter. Thanks If I don't talk to you before you leave, have a great trip. 
 Hi  Will you call you later to discuss 
 positively - how about early monday? take care Elizabeth 
 At the request of Christi, enclosed please find a revised draft of EPMI's response to TVA's recent  letter concerning  EPMI's transmission requests. This letter has been revised from the earlier draft to reflect comments from Kevin and me.  I will call Bill Rust and read the letter to him after all revisions have been made.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  We would like to get the letter out to TVA as soon as possible, preferably this afternoon if possible  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
 Andy  As we discussed during  the last conference call, attached is a revised Article 8,  Credit Provisions, to the EEI Contract, along with a revised section for the Cover Page.  The changes were made to make Article 8 more user friendly and to incorporate the few comments that were agreed  to during the conference call.  I tried blacklining, but that proved not decipherable due to the extensive formatting changes.  Maybe you will have better success.  I have attempted to mark by hand the changes and will fax that to you in case you want to distribute it to the rest of the group.  The only changes that were not discussed on the call (other than those resulting from the global restructuring) that I made are as follows:  1.  Changed  the Section entitled "Performance Assurance" to "Collateral Threshold" - Use of PA seemed  misleading since PA is referenced in other sections dealing with collateral.  2. Added the words "acceptable to Party ___" in new Section 8.1(d) and 8.2(d) in order to clarify, as we did in Sections 8.1 (a) and 8.2(a)  that the security must be acceptable to the receiving party.  3. Added provisions in the Cover Sheet to provide expressly whether the options are "Applicable" or "Not Applicable".  As always thanks for your help. Elizabeth 713.853.6349 
 Thanks 
 brenda this would not print for me. would you try 
 fyi lets discuss later 
 Hi Leslie  I would love to but I'm not sure right now about my schedule. I'm moving offices and everything is a mess.   I will call you if it looks like I can get away.  If not I'll call (or please call me)  in a couple of weeks (I'm out all next week).  See you soon  Elizabeth Sager 713 853 6349 
 please call me w any final comments 36349 
 A huge debate has been ongoing in he battle whether to include language in the EEI Contract that would provide that a confirmation that contains "substantive" terms not discussed by the traders is subject to the "deemed accepted" language.  I have been very vocal against  adding this language. The politics as you can tell from this email have been fierce, and as in much of successful politics, dirty.  I'm not sure where this will end up, but feel like it is important that we all are aware of the history here as well as Enron's position (Confirmation needs to be the final, best evidence unless objected to in a timely manner). I will keep everybody posted on the results of the vote. 
 Let me know if there is anything else I can do Thanks Sager 
 Enron votes no. Thanks Elizabeth Sager 
 In what I'm sure is an oversight, EEI forgtot to send me a ballot. After appealing for my right to vote, a ballot was forthcoming.  I voted "NO" on the proposal.  We will see what happens from here. 
 tva letter w presto change (generator to generation) and fixed typo (Customerss to customers') 
 letter w presto changes and 1 typo ( see earlier email) 
 Thanks for the vm/fax.  How about trying to talk on Tuesday at 900 houston time. Elizabeth 
 this may help thanks 
 Genia would you please send master (with riders) to stuart w/ note that we are currently revising and will resend latest version when finished (2-3 weeks) thanks 
 let me know if this enough. ps we are not a member of eei for payment puposes 
 please print 
 please print 
 fred did you get what you need on this (it would be fine with me) 
 I've spoken to all. Adrianna can't make it either the 15th, 16th or 17th (trip to Destin).  Everybody is available during spring break! Hooray! How about Monday or Tuesday (that would be best for Rachelle).  Let me know what works (I think we should both go, if possible).  a Palm 
 So sad.  No questions at all on EEI?  I'm dying having to write a 2 hour presentation on this despicable contract and I know not what to do it hurts me so bad.  Oh my.  Nice day for a run, even a slow one. 
 david do you have time to review this.  I''ll give you a term sheet I recently did. thanks 
 p 
 Here is what houston thinks the deal is.   Hope it matches the West.  Any help wanted, call. Thanks. 
 Mark  This memo was sent to the Executive Committee, all ENA VPs and all ENA lawyers.  Thanks  Elizabeth 36349 
 any interest 
 only 1 day. any interest? 
 Thanks - Hope this works 
 What's the deal, Michigan vs. Duke? Cox and SagerII? If Arizona does anything in the final, SagerI has it nailed.  Arizona any good? see ya at 415 
 I've spent the past 2 hours exploring each and every post office in the armpit of southwest Houston (Enron advice) looking to simply renew my pasport only to be intimidated by the words "no less than a 4 hour wait"   (on hard floors) .  Any advice?  Your experience certainly must have been better.  Sad I am. 
 Dear Gail wants a party at a house.  If you remember we volunterred if kids came. Gail said kids or no kids, whatever we wanted. what do you think? Kids (ours plus katie and oscar and eleanor) at our house on Sat.  Punt to Ted w/no kids? 
 Don't go without me ... I can't go this week  ... or next week, other than Wed. (does that work?).  The week after that, and the week after that, and the week after that, .... look fine too. 
 Tuesday, GAD's only birthday request was for an "old-timey" chocolate cake" (the kind that's not very good but she likes anyway). Today, on reflection, she asked for oysters.  Grant's special ones. All my hard work and you get the fame. 
 another request - delegate as you feel appropriate thanks 
 I hope so. GIve me a call sometime. I could have lunch today, the 28th.  Can you? 
 I,m jealous of your beautiful dog, but do you have any pictures of family? Lunch tommorrow is out (standing in line at post office to get passport for trip to Paris).  Next week I'm mostly out (trip to NY with daughter Ella for wedding of girlfriend I've known since I was Ella's age) but call me anyway or I'll try to call you. PS As you can tell, work is a low priority right now, so .... let's go! 
 oops, a little slow 
 FYI in case you hadn't already heard 
 Hi  Gave Jackie's resume to Mark Taylor.  Did he call her yesterday?  I'm out this weekend w little "Eloise" (only the finest); let the 60's live! 
 Hi Dede  I got your email about NY seminar. Great idea but sorry we can't be of much help - I haven't touched EEI since the Houston seminar.  I know its time to start trying to use it.  Oh well, next week's project.  On a more important note, do you want to try and hit this Tuesday (the 4th) at lunch?  Let me know.  Hope you have fun on Friday night.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 As we discussed, attached is a draft of an agreement for Valley Energy.  This agreement assumes that Valley Energy would buy power from EPMI and resell it to the distributors who have signed an agreement with TVA.  Call me at 713 853 6349 if you have any questions or comments.  Thanks Elizabeth Sager 
 John  I got your email regarding our sale to NHEC.  I will be out of the office March 31, and April 3, 6, 7.  When you get the draft contract, please forward it ASAP to Brenda Whitehead, my assistant, and Leslie Hansen.  Depending upon the timing and the extent of the comments either me, Leslie or another lawyer will be able to help you with this.  The timing may be awkward because all Enron lawyers will in San Antonio next week, but we will work it out.  Once I see the draft, I will have a better feel for the timing.  Talk to you soon Elizabeth 713 853 6349 
 Hi John  Thanks for the email re TVA.  As usual, things got behind me last week so I wasn't able to move the TVA letter forward.  I have  promised Kevin something by today - so I may be calling you this afternoon.  Hope all is well  Elizabeth 
 Hi Dede  Got your message - I would have loved to go; instead I was stuck on a roller-coaster of an airplane for over 5 hours fighting a "terrific headwind" according to the pilot.  See you at 11:00 unless I hear from you.  Elizabeth 
 As promised. Call me when you want to disucss. FYI - The letter is very "lawyerly"; I'm not sure this is the right approach though.  Let me know if you think this tone will do more harm than good.  Paragraphs for you to consider are in brackets. 
 Kevin  Richard Tabors number is 617 543 5304.  John Basinger and Barrett Reasoner with the Gibbs and Brun law firm would like to get a hold day with him ASAP.  Thanks for your help  Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi  Just FYI - A collection of racquets is more than just a luxury.  On Friday, after the matches, I was keen to assert my new found tennis prowess.   I thought I could do it too.  I was playing like a spring chicken until my first big overhead.  I set up well, ready to bounce that ball right over Grant's head.  I thought I was so cool.  Up I  went to find the ball and out came flying my  racquet.  On the other side of the net.  Cracked.  Everybody stood to stare to see if it was anger or incompetence that created such a mess.  I think I better work on that shot.  Tennis on Wed.?  Elizabeth 
 There is no guarantor for NHEC.  I have not received the form of LC.  Issuing bank is National Rural Utility Coop Finance Corp. Thanks Elizabeth 
 Sounds great.  See you on Wed. at 1230 unless I hear from you. 
 thanks 
 good for us 
 Oops forgot to respond to this request. It would be absolutely fine to use our arbitration language as an example for the Cover Sheet.  My only suggestion would be to leave blank the place for the arbitration (I've gotten untold grief for using HOUSTON).  See ya at 1230 
 Yippee 
 thanks 
 I would love them if still available 
 Robbi  Sometime on Wed, Thurs. next week would be fine to get together (I'm out early next week doing the last of the roadshows on the Edison contract - I can't wait for the process to be over - it has been going on for over a year).  Call my assiatant Brenda Whitehead at 35438 to schedule a time.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
