so volumes depending on the nominations.  We will watch the noms this week to get a feel of where and how much they may vary. As agents for Citizens under the EMAR umbrella, We will need to get with the El Paso controller and let them know that your going to open their side to be Primary and start taking flow from them to accumulate the order.(If this looks like it is going to be small volumes we may need to batch the gas and work with El Paso Controllers.) Currently at the Griffith Power Plant TW and El Paso screens the primary control set point is 1 (TW primary) When you need to flow from El Paso you will need to switch the service to 2 (El Paso primary), and flow the gas until accumed and switch back to 1 (TW primary). If anyone has a question on this please call me and we can walk through it.  Again as EMAR we are to make the changes at the Site from Gas Control. The only time we should get the Citizens people involved with the I/C is if we have a problem with Primary switches or pressure problems.  Please refer to the call out sheet on the Console for Citizens.  Please don't hesitate to call if you need help.  Thanks DS 
 I will be out Thursday afternoon.  How about Friday sometime.  ds 
 I can make that.  ds 
 That is fine with me.  Just let me know.  ds 
 500168 is a Bi-directional point and physically can flow both ways.  One Oak built a new delivery point with the capacity of 200,000 and the other point that was a delivery only is still active.  The two I/C's go into different pressures into their system but physically located in the same yard.  TW, along with Marketing (Kevin Hyatt) asked to keep the same POI and asked to set this point up as a summation meter to make it easier for the customers to nom on both pipes.  Karen was involved in this point. 56943 is only a delivery only and is good for only displacement. 1635 is no longer a bi-directional point according to Will Fernandes on the Monahans team it is a delivery to NNG only.  He will send an e:mail. The Burlington Jackrabbit I/C in San Juan:  That was Burlington's Plant and I/C.  They were the only shippers able to use that point.  They are not using that point and they will get back with me and let us know if they want us to keep the point in active status. If any other questions please call  DS 
 56943 TW-NNG Ward-- We need to leave as Bi-directional.  Will Fernandes called back and said they were mistaken and there are still one 8" orfice run dedicated to flow gas back to TW.  They apologize for the confussion. Burlington Jackrabbit-- Olivia with Burlington called and the point does no longer exist on their side and will not ever be using it. Does this mean we can inactivate it on TW?  ds 
  I appologize for some confusion.  56943 Valero Ward -- is only a delivery and we do displacements. 1635 TW-NNG Ward -- is a Bi-directional point. Jackrabbit we can inactivate.  Thanks DS 
 HL with Conoco let us know that the Zia plant will be down for maintenance Monday 28th for approximately 10 days.  They plan to route some of the gas to the Maljamar plant.  I told them they would have to stay within TW tarrif specs of 7# of water. They will watch it.  DS 
 What seems to be the problem with start up.  When you do will you be in more test phases or commercial.  DS 
 please see attached outages for march and april.  ds 
 Terry Youngren (Artesia Team) called to let us know that PNM will have their Loco Hills (Thompson) Tap out of service for approximately 3 weeks.  They have to get parts.  DS 
 E:mail example:   darrell.schoolcraft@enron.com  Jeff Cochran Steve Coash Rodney Barnes Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Roy Armitage Margaret Hall Richard Barry Keith Braswell Helen Cummings Rob Munson Ed Welsh Rory Calhoun Ron Spain Gayle Henley Bart Monden Crandal Hardy Alan Muntz Larry Davis Steve January Darrell Schoolcraft Gary Spraggins  As we go thru our reorganization this list may have to be changed.  Thanks DS 
 They had a 35,000 order and Kieth put the setpoint in at the mainline.  They sent a schedule for what they intended to pull hourly and he didn't look at it.  I got with him yesterday and explained how the spread sheet works they send us and how to figure the hourly takes for a 24 hr period.  Guess I should'nt assume they know to do that.  I will take the to do to get with each gas controller again and explain how Griffith works both at the power plant controls and the mainline.  DS 
  Sounds like to me they will still be swinging and still in the test mode.  TW will work with Griffith as we can.  DS 
 See the attached  ds 
 Your the best....  Thanks Ds 
  I had Maria send this to me.  I think we can utilize this attachment.  ds 
 What do you think about posting this attachment to the TW web site.  ds 
  Thought you might like this.  ds 
 Thought you might like the attachment.  ds 
 Sounds like you will still be in your test mode and need to swing.  TW will work with you as well as our system will allow.  DS 
 These are just estimates.  ds 
 Please see the attached.  If you have any questions please call.  ds 
 Just let gas control know what units you are going to have unavailable.  You can proceed with the project.  ds 
 FYI 
  I do not.  ds 
 Great job.....  Thanks 
 I can be available as well at 9 this morning.  ds 
 We will need to watch pressures very close and manage horsepower so we do not exceed the 939#.  We need to set alarm limits. Will keep you updated.  DS 
    Subject:	Tribute to Victims & Family  Make sure your sound is up.  http://www.angelfire.com/fl4/IceWalker/ATributetotheVictimsandFamily.html 
 Thanks  ds 
 Will keep you updated.  ds 
  fyi  ds 
 Someone needs to call Jerry Graves or myself to schedule a pig run.  We will need to have some coordination to flow gas from the P-3 side of the Canadian station to ensure you enough gas to run the pig to feldman. With max flows from the P-2 area they can run a pig from P-2 to P-3 anytime.  It just needs to be coordinated with the teams and gas control. Mickey, hope this answers you questions.  If not call me.  Let us know.  ds   713-853-4299 
 fyi 
 This will be fine.  ds 
 We are currently pumping north at P-3 to Mid-continent I/C's and Canadian. How are you going to get enough gas to run the pig back to P-3.  We only have 29,000 flowing at NNG Beaver today.  If you have any ideas let us know.  ds 
 Chuck Thompson is with PNM.  ds 
 We need to get together on the digs between 4 and 5.  we will have to isolate the main and loop.  We will need to curtail gas from SJ.  I will look at the posting I had previously.  ds 
  Is it Marketings plan to offer this as a Primary Firm point or an Alternate.  ds 
 I second Jerry's statement below.  ds 
 I talked to Delma with Amoco about the fuel and she is going to get with her people and call us back.  ds 
 I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.  ds 
 We can check with Williams but can't promise anything.  ds 
 yes  ds 
 It will be fine.  ds 
 I think these will be just fine.  Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Talk to tk but I think these will be fine.  Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I guess this is ok if you are. Is this a standard language. If R.  Hannigrif is fine with it, then I will be good. I will be in the office tomorrow.  See you then Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Hey tk how are you doing. We are having fun. I plan to be in the office Tomorrow.  We need to Come home Lynda is About to break me.  Money wise that is.  See you later.  Ds and ls   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 no,  we are back to normal.  ds 
 It will be sometime on Tuesday.  Just call.  ds 
 Please leave the set point at 30,000 until further notice.  ds 
 We are allocating approximately 90,000 to 100,000 mmbtu/d from San Juan.  After the conference call today, I will revise the posting.  ds 
 Please see the attached. 
  fyi  ds 
 Please include John on your distribution list.  ds 
 Thanks  ds 
 Please see the attached.   ds 
 Please set him up to get the TW critical notices.  ds 
 There are 3 sheets tabs are at the bottom.  Cal., WestTexas, sheet 3.  ds 
 laura and amy and i told him he could have 5000.  ds 
 Jerry and I will work with the Field teams and Tiny to see if late April might be an option.  ds 
  This is when the E:mail was set and the set point was put out of the way.  ds 
 I don't know that for a fact.  I assumed since they do the same thing for the lamar power plant they should know to do the same for Griffith and Calpine, that is why we send those daily schedules.  DS 
 I will be in a meeting with BP Amoco from 12 to 2.  Can we do this at 2 pm.  Thanks DS 
 I will be attending.  DS 
 That will be fine.  DS 
  Check with Griffith this morning.  DS 
 I will do that.  Thanks DS 
 This is fyi.  We need to be more careful on this point and refer to the schedule they send us.  Please if you have any questions call.  DS 
 I will be attending.  DS 
 Gas controllers on duty were Gayle Henley and Bart Mondon.  They both did a great job.  Thanks DS 
 Gas Day September 23, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station will be doing run testing.  Capacity for San Juan will stay at 800,000 mmbtu/d.  Gas Day September 24, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station at full load.  Capacity for San Juan will increase to 850,000 mmbtu/d. and Mainline Thoreau West System will increase from 1010,000 to 1090,000 mmbtu/d.  Posted to the Transwestern Web Site to the customers Sunday Morning September 23, 2001 
 FYI ds 
  This is the tournament that I've been asked to play in.  I will be out of t= he office.  DS 
 I will be there.  DS 
 Please read all the below comments. You may get the call.  If you need all the units to run tell them to run all the units.  Let me know by voice mail or e:mail if this happens.  Thanks DS 
 Just in case you receive a call from either JB or David.  They were called yesterday and I spoke with Neal and let them know they were going short again after we cleaned up their current imbalance over last weekend and Monday. They were short for Wednesday's gas day.  My conversation was with Neal that they make adjustments to their nominated volumes or turn on more gas.  It does not appear they did either one.  I will call them this morning and let them know that they have until ID-1 to turn on more gas or cut their noms or TW will be cutting their market for ID-1.  Maybe this is a good opportunity to discuss park and ride again.  TW covered 7,000 mmbtu/d of Markets according to the scada numbers that we see.  Let me know if you agree.  Thanks Ds 
  This will be for approximately 8 hrs.  ds 
  Jeff will be calling you before they do anything.  ds 
 Mike can you and Danny get with either Gary or myself to get access to change capacities for the MOPS system in NNG Contract Management System. (CAS)  We will show you where and how to do that. You will also need to post outages to the NNG Web Site.   Thanks DS 
 FYI  ds 
 Right now guys we will do our best to keep the station on line however we can't predict what flows will be.  If we don't have the volumes we can't do it. The gas prices so far for Oct. look higher going to Cal. border.  We will have to see if we have the volumes next week to run the pigs.  Sure would have been nice to have run pigs this week everyone could see that flows were up and we should have taken advantage of this.  Again, we will take a look at all scenario's next week.  Thanks DS 
   Subject:     FW: I need a favour 
 Please see the attached. 
 I'm afraid its true its true.  Thanks for the laugh!  on a more serious note fyi these meters are supposed to be tested every 5 yrs. and they have never been tested or cleaned.  That scares me a bit.  Things just might not go back to- gether like it came aprart, but we shall seeeeeeeeee.....  DS 
 I certainly agree.  This should be fine.  Let me know.  DS 
 no.  Let me try and catch up with Rich.'  DS 
 Gas Control Members.  I have not been able to verify if these gas controllers will come.  However here is the list. I will check with them as they are on and let you know.  Helen Cummings Rob Munson Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Gayle Henley Bart Mondon  Thanks DS   ********************************************************************* 
 The attached is the most recent list of operators and numbers. Please foward to your Team. ds 
 This is what Ken sent for gas consumption during the pressure loss. 
 I did not send one first thing this morning, however I did give the map to Michelle in the morning.  I told her I did not fax one down this morning.  Sorry Steve didn't get his copy seems I can't win either way.  He will get one from someone.  DS 
 I do thank you for everything you do for the Logistics team.  We will get you what you need in a more timely manner. Today I was running at a fast pace with TW, NNG, systems. Again thank you.  DS 
 TW  Socal Window               (Actual)      (Projected) Saturday                       688 Sunday                         709 Monday                                              728  California Del. Saturday                       947 Sunday                         960 Monday                                              964  San Juan Del. Saturday                       870 Sunday                         871 Monday                                              874  East Del. Saturday                      430 Sunday                        445 Monday                                              351  No major problems for the weekend.  NNG  Temps. Saturday                       39 Sunday                         43 Monday                                                53  System Load Saturday                     1959 Sunday                       1800 Monday                                             1675  Line Pack Saturday                     3318 Sunday                       3400 Monday                                              3400  No major problems for the weekend. 
 There is volume flowing to the plant.  The team is trying to get the Scada back in service.  Will keep you updated.  Thanks DS 
