e scheduled.  I will follow up with Mark, and provide you with a copy of the filing. 
 Hi Maria Victoria!  I'm planning to be there right at 12.  At the entrance they usually have a table where you pick up your name tag; we can meet there if you like.  See you soon! 
 Mark:  Please review the attached agreement, which is similar to what was in place before. I have not included specific projects in the agreement, but at the outset, consistent with our conversation the other day, we will need you to monitor the following proceedings and provide us with updates and copies of any orders or presentation materials:  - Gas Industry Restructuring proceeding (I.99-07-003) - OII on SoCal and SDG&E (I.00-11-002) - PG&E Gas Accord II  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  If the attached is acceptable to you, please print it out and sign it, and return it to me.  We look forward to working with you!  Sincerely, Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St., Room 4788 Houston, Texas 77002 (713) 853-0596 (713) 853-5425 (fax) 
 From astrology.com (must I beware of overindulgence in such websites?) I like the part about charm and charisma and think it is very true.  Sagittarius and Sagittarius When two Sagittarians join together in a love match, the truth-loving natures makes theirs a near perfect relationship. This couple views the world around them with an educated eye and both share an intense hunger for more knowledge. They will engage one another in pleasant conversation and banter that challenges and tickles the mind.  An occasional hotheaded dispute can erupt in the Sagittarius-Sagittarius relationship, when one fact-fanatic Sag partner carries things a little too far. Easygoing and independent, these two are compatible when it comes to balancing personal interests. They've never known jealousy, and each partner keeps busy with personal projects when not with their lover. When they are together, however, they do all they can toward pleasing their partner and satiating common interests.  Although they are adaptable and modern, they can, at times, fly off the handle. However, it is not in the Archer's nature to hold a grudge or let disagreements fester very long.  Sagittarius is ruled by the Planet Jupiter (Luck). Expansion is the key word here; as both partners enjoy the acquisition of knowledge, they will carry over exciting ideas into their relationship. They must be mindful of over-indulgences, as such gluttony will only distract them. Their charm and charisma make them a very pleasant couple not only to one another, but the entire crowd. 
 First of all, this is a brand-new contract, not a modification of one that used to be IT. It's for LFT space that we have posted according to our usual procedure.  A receipt point has now been specified:  Bloomfield Compressor.  Our tariff allows us to cancel LFT up to 10 days a month, but it also provides that the parties can agree that the number of days can be fewer, so Sempra negotiated us down to only one day.  TK worked with Darrell Schoolcraft on this and they determined this would be acceptable from an operational standpoint. Scheduling will happen pursuant to the LFT priority set forth in our tariff. I left a message for you just now; call when you have a minute. 
 Demetrius, what I nice e-mail!  It was great to see you too.  Unfortunately I have a really busy short week this week; we are trying to get something filed at FERC.  If you're in town next week do give me a call or e-mail.  I hope you have a happy Thanksgiving! Susan 713-853-0596 
 - protest2.jpg - protest4.jpg - protest6.jpg 
 I just received a call from Nancy Bagot informing me that FERC has issued a draft order suspending our proposed Transport Options tariff sheets until May 1, 2001 and accepting them subject to the outcome of a technical conference. The technical conference is to take place within 120 days of the order and will address issues raised in protests. I should be receiving a copy of the draft order soon.  Please call or e-mail me if you have questions. 
 FYI.  Jan, I know Shelley's out; I left her a voice mail. 
 Bryan,  Are you still having a great time?  So what is Bali like?  The only images I can summon are Gauguin's paintings, but weren't those of Tahiti?  Things are pretty good here.  Lots of Christmas parties, lots of Christmas cheer, etc.  Not a whole lot going on at the office, for a change.  Really, though, I think I would much rather be in Bali.  Take care.  S. 
 I just rely on the market services folks to do the right thing.  Tell me if you think this is yet another area in which I have too much faith in our business people. 
 Couple of minor changes.  Looking good! 
 Does anyone know this person or his organization?  Is this something our membership might be interested in?  Frankly I have been too busy to think about this -- if you have any comments let's talk.  Susan Scott 713-853-0596 
 Drew -- I worked with Jeff on this draft so it already contains my comments. 
 This would be analogous to every time you send me an e-mail, I forward it directly to Drew and Maria.  How do you tactfully advise your coworkers about corporate etiquette?  I wonder. On a substantive note, I sincerely believe the analysis MKM wants is beyond the scope of this letter, and would have no qualms about sending it. 
 for bullets 
 As to your question about what's going on in California, I've done some reading and here are my thoughts.  The Nov. 1 FERC order in Docket No. EL00-95-000, in which the Commission ordered a $150/MWh price cap (among other things), was predicated on the Commission's authority under Section 206 of the Federal Power Act. Specifically, the FPA provides that if the Commission finds that "any rate, charge or classification for jurisdictional services, or any rule, regulation, practice or contract affecting such rate, charge or classification" is unjust or unreasonable, the Commission shall determine the just and reasonable rate, charge, classification, rule, regulation, practice, or contract that should be in effect.  The Commission recognized that certain areas of the flawed California market are not within its jurisdiction, but "fixed" the areas within its jurisdiction.   Apparently the California governor agrees with me that the Commission's jurisdiction in the area of wholesale electricity prices is questionable...  In any event, if the Commission wanted to open a proceeding to investigate the justness and reasonableness of negotiated gas transportation rates, its authority to do so would be much clearer.  The Natural Gas Act expressly authorizes FERC to declare unlawful any transportation rate that is not just and reasonable.  "Just and reasonable" has been interpreted in many different contexts and the Commission has significant discretion over what it means. As we all know too well, the Commission sometimes acts unpredictably. However, my feeling is that it will probably take more than 2 or 3 above-max-rate contracts to motivate the FERC to act to declare a negotiated rate deal, struck within a pipeline's tariff authority, to be unjust and unreasonable.  The California proceeding was initiated after entire communities of individual consumers suffered 200-300% increases in their electricity bills.  The prices for electricity in California were outrageous across the board and affected everyone in the state.  By contrast, TW's transport rates for its short-term deals are far removed from end user prices and the practice of negotiating higher than max rate deals is probably not widespread enough for anyone to notice.  It is far from being a consumer issue, and besides, the elections are over.  However, as you and I have already discussed, we must be wary of parties like Dynegy that do notice just about everything and who might try to draw it to FERC's attention.  We do need to watch to see whether other pipelines serving California are doing the same types of deals.  Kathy, why don't you and I discuss a system of monitoring the contract information postings of El Paso, Kern, PGT/NW.  Drew, obviously I've only scratched the surface here so let's talk if you want a more in-depth report. 
 For your information.  The outcome was great for TW because the Cal. PUC adopted our receipt point proposal, eliminating the danger of mandated restriction of TW's deliveries to the California border.  The outcome is not so great for Enron overall because they rejected our proposed settlement. The receipt point proposal was able to survive since it was part of both of the competing settlements. I'm still trying to get thru the whole order; let me know if you have questions. S. 
 Remember we need to make a filing for our BP Energy deal, which becomes effective Dec. 1.  (Mary, I think you and I talked about this several weeks ago).  The contract simply includes a right of first refusal for BP Energy. The contract is such that the shipper would not have been entitled to a ROFR under our tariff, which is why it's a material deviation. The filing will simply need to reference a tariff sheet on which the contract provision is described. Let me know if you need anything (a copy of the contract, for instance). I have a conf. call from 2 to 3 but otherwise should be available if you want to give me a call. 
 Maria and Drew, this is a long-winded e-mail but please bear with me...  The problem:  As you probably remember, several months ago several of us met to discuss the following language in the ROFR portion of Transwestern's tariff: "if the rate bid exceeds the maximum tariff rate, then the rate will be considered to be the maximum tariff rate," and the additional frustrating language "[a]ll available capacity shall be allocated under these procedures . . .."  At our last meeting, we concluded that probably the best way to ensure that TW could capture the true value of the capacity would be to link the negotiated rate to index prices.  However, since this usually involves an unacceptable amount of risk to both the shipper and TW, the marketers haven't done any index-based rates and have no current plans to enter into any such deals.  I have been asked by the Commercial Group to revisit this issue and to think of other ways we could increase our ability to charge more than the maximum rate.   Ideally they would like to eliminate the language I've quoted above. However, my research has indicated that absent our 1) bringing about radical change in the way FERC thinks about recourse rates or 2) showing that TW lacks market power, we are probably stuck with this language.  Why the problem exists (you may already know):  Steve Stojic and I did some looking into why the language is in our tariff in the first place.  In the Alternative Rates Policy Statement (RM95-6-000), the Commission explained that it is willing to entertain individual requests for negotiated rates, but only where customers retain the ability to choose a cost-of-service based tariff rates.  "[T]he availability of a recourse service would prevent pipelines from exercising market power by assuring that the customer can fall back to cost-based, traditional service if the pipeline unilaterally demands excessive prices or withholds service.  Thus, the recourse rate mitigates market power."  The Commission went on to confirmed that under ROFR provisions the highest rate that an existing shipper must match if it wishes to continue its transportation arrangement is the maximum tariff rate. This policy is clearly not limited to ROFR situations:  when capacity is constrained, a shipper willing to pay only the recourse rate cannot lose access to capacity merely because someone else is willing to pay a negotiated rate.  "When there are more requests for capacity than there is capacity available, then the pipeline must allocate capacity among those shippers willing to pay either the negotiated rate or the maximum recourse rate, for example on a pro rata basis if required by its tariff."  The example cited by the Commission:  If a pipeline has 100 Dth/d available and two shippers request that capacity, one who is willing to pay no more than the recourse rate of $5 and another a negotiated rate of $6, then each would be allocated 50 Dth/d on a pro rata basis (assuming the tariff provided for pro rata allocation and not some other allocation method such as lottery).  When TW filed for authority to charge negotiated rates, it voluntarily added the statement that "if the rate bid exceeds the maximum tariff rate, then the rate will be considered to be the maximum tariff rate."  Presumably we had concluded that we needed to add this recourse rate related provision in order to receive negotiated rate authority.  Solutions??  I would like to know whether you concur that changing our tariff language outright is probably out of the question.  I feel as if I've really been chasing my tail here.  I have owed Lindy an answer for some time now.  But I keep coming back to our having to prove lack of market power (which, Drew, is where I believe you were headed when we talked about this in mid-October). Steve Harris has asked whether we can just start small and remove the recourse rate cap as to only a portion of our system.  I think we would still have to show lack of market power in order to do this.  Do you agree?  Stojic warns that proving lack of market power is a lengthy and expensive proposition.  Might be worth it to us, though.  Another idea is to somehow provide shippers with an incentive to pay more than max rate.  After all, we do have authority to charge negotiated rates. We've seen one instance in which one of our marketers was able to get more than max rates for IT space based on good customer relations alone.  However, despite our wonderful relationships with most of our customers, it's unlikely we can pull this off with any consistency.  We wondered whether we might be able to get more than max rates in the context of an auction procedure.  But I just am not convinced we could get around the Commission's requirement that recourse rates be available.  That requirement has not changed.  Have either of you seen anything to the contrary?  I would like to meet with you two, plus several others I have in mind, to discuss this, preferably early this week (Tues. or Wed.), but would like to discuss briefly with you first.  Please call me so we can talk for a few minutes.  Thanks. 
 Lindy -- FYI.  This is just really informal so I'd prefer you not forward to anyone yet.  Drew and Maria are most familiar with this so I'm going to get their feedback first before setting up a meeting.  I'll get with you before I set a meeting time to see when you're available. 
 Lorraine, please forward the attached to Ed Meaders. 
 I am free for lunch on 12/4.  I'll see if Frazier's available. Why don't we choose a venue somewhere between Duke and downtown. 
 Hi Ashley!  A couple of things.  First of all, my new renter, Doug, wonders whether he can just call the utilities & phone and transfer from his name to yours (rather than you cancelling and him having to pay any re-hookup fees that may apply).   I don't know how it would work; maybe he could conference you in when he makes the calls.  For what it is worth, he is a very nice guy to deal with, but it is totally up to you and I really don't care one way or the other.  Also, I'm having someone come clean the place so you needn't worry about it, in case you were wondering.  I will take care of it (it looks pretty clean anyway!).  Please let me know your new address and I will send you your deposit refund next week.  Merci!  Susan 
 Doug, Ashley's e-mail address is in the cc line if you want to get in touch with her.  I hadn't thought that she might have had to put down a refundable deposit (rather than a hookup fee) for some of the utilities so logistically switching to your name might not be worthwhile, but it may be worth asking. Remember I have water covered.  Call or e-mail if you have questions! 
 I believe Leslie does regulatory/legal work for ENA on a contract basis. 
 Frazier tells me he's available.  How about 11:45 at Little Pappasito's on Kirby @ Richmond? 
 Let's plan on Friday before Christmas!  And Craig will join us, I'm sure. Please stay over at my place that night.  That way you would not have to worry about driving all the way back to Tomball after partying downtown -- and we'd get to visit longer! Right now I'm home with some nasty bug that's been going around the office. It is a big drag.  Sheila came down with pneumonia right after Thanksgiving, and had to be hospitalized!  I think I should count myself lucky I only have the office bug.  She is back home now, and begging me not to make the trip to Austin.  Sounds like she is feeling a lot better. We're having a surprise party for Craig's 40th on Friday!  I don't know whether he suspects anything... Time for more cough medicine! 
 I'm dialling in from home -- got the bug that's going around the office. I'll call you in a few... 
 Jeff -- good wrap-up.  May I forward to MKM and Drew? 
 FYI 
 Noon to 3 our time... 
 I'm confused -- are we asking for an extension of time to comply with the Commission's conditions, or an extension of time to file a motion for rehearing? 
 Steve and Lindy, as I mentioned in our staff meeting, it is probably not=20 going to be possible to solve our max rate cap dilemma by making a tariff= =20 filing unless we can 1) get FERC to change its mind about its policy that= =20 recourse rates always be available as an alternative to negotiated rates or= =20 2) prove that Transwestern lacks market power and should therefore be allow= ed=20 to charge market based rates.  The following is a very brief outline of what would be required to prove la= ck=20 of market power.  A warning:  lack of market power is very difficult to=20 prove.  Koch, a pipeline that most in the industry would agree does lack=20 market power, tried and failed.  The deck is already stacked against us in= =20 TW's case given the withholding of capacity by El Paso's affiliate and the= =20 price conditions in California.  However, we do need to analyze the=20 possibilities for TW, if not to the Cal. border, then on other parts of our= =20 system.  Additionally, we need to discuss acceptable incentives for shipper= s=20 to pay negotiated rates if we do not end up changing our tariff.  Would you be availabile on Tuesday to discuss this?  Please let me know.  I= n=20 the meantime, here is a summary of FERC's policy on market based rates.  ***  To obtain authority to charge market based rates, TW would first have to=20 request a declaratory order, and in its application provide information=20 showing it meets the requirements outlined below.  If the Commission finds= =20 all requirements have been met, it will issue an order and TW would then ma= ke=20 the appropriate tariff filing to put market based rates into effect. =20 Application for declaratory order must include:  1.  Detailed description of the services proposed for market-based rate=20 treatment.  I assume in our case it would be firm transportation service.  2.  A statement defining the relevant product and geographic markets=20 necessary for establishing the applicant lacks market power with respect to= =20 the services at issue.  The Commission requires a narrow definition of the= =20 market=01("firm transportation" is probably narrow enough, but for our purp= oses=20 we might want to narrow it down more (i.e., firm transportation East of=20 Thoreau).  We have to define substitute services available to shippers=01(o= ther=20 pipelines are a "good substitute" only if shippers can obtain the same=20 quality of service on a timely basis, and if the other pipelines offer such= =20 service at a price that would deter TW from raising its prices more than=20 10%.  All relevant "origin markets" must be defined (Panhandle; West Texas)= =20 as well as "destination markets," and alternatives for shippers in those=20 markets identified.  Transportation alternatives are only good alternatives= =20 if they provide a netback to shippers that is roughly the same as if they= =20 used TW.  Note that the Commission has rejected capacity release as a good= =20 alternative since it does not guarantee a shipper its desired contract=20 quantity.  3.  Market share and HHI calculations; discussion of other relevant=20 competitive factors.  Commission looks at size of market share, mitigating= =20 factors such as ease of entry, and market concentration as measured by HHI.= =20 Market concentration has to be calculated for each relevant receipt point a= nd=20 delivery point.  HHI is calculated by adding up the total market share and= =20 squaring it.  There is a presumption of no ease of entry for transportation= =20 services  because of the expense involved in constructing facilities.  4.  Proposal for accounting for costs and revenues. 
 Received your message.  Do we want to file a response to PNM's protest?  It basically contains the same arguments they launched at our 637 filing, and we did not file an answer to that. 
 Kevin -- I've looked at the pooling agreement and I agree with you -- I don't believe taking the compressor down is at all limited under the agreement. Any further questions, let me know. 
 Well, I have definitely taken a turn for the worse -- lots of drainage and coughing up green/yellow stuff.  No fever at all, though.  I go to the doctor tomorrow and hopefully will be on the road to recovery before Saturday.  Received Jim's capilene shirts; they are nice.  But I wanted to double check with you to make sure I got the right ones -- he wanted the medium-weight ones that are sort of like long-sleeved t-shirts, right?  The reason I am asking is that Patagonia also makes a capilene that is more like a fleece fabric and comes in a v-neck style...  I will hold off on the bathtub spa for Mema.  The last thing I want to do is buy her something she does not need!  Will stick to my pedicure gift certificate idea.  So glad you are doing better.  Too bad there was a delay in the flu vaccine this year or we both could have avoided a lot of trouble! 
 Can we get together tomorrow to discuss the market based rates issues I raised last week? If you can do it tomorrow, let me know what times you are not available and I'll schedule something around them.  Thanks. 
 We did not answer protests to our Order 637 filing.  The gist of PNM's protest in RP00-626 is that we shouldn't be able to charge a transport or fuel fee for our imbalance netting and trading service.  I agree with PNM that our tariff language is vague in this regard.  What exactly do we mean by "no additional cost...unless through the allocation process, quantities may be subject to transportation and fuel"??   Can someone help me with this?  Since we really did not want to make this compliance filing anyway, I would say we probably wouldn't mind if FERC rejected our tariff sheet outright. However, it's more likely that they will just instruct us to clarify our language.  Or they could tell us to remove the "subject to transportation and fuel" provision.  If we want to preserve our right to charge transport and fuel, it might be worthwhile filing something in the way of an answer. However, I am going to need some assistance in understanding what the language means and why we think we can do it, so I can justify it to FERC. Any comments you have in this regard would be appreicated. 
 Darlin', Someone booked the entire Rainbow Lodge for a party this p.m. As alternatives, Chez Sooz recommends: La Mora Brennan's Please advise.  xxxooo S. 
 Shelley, I can take a stab at pulling together TW-related information today and will run it by Jeff to see whether he has anything to add.  I am leaving on vacation Saturday and have a lot of other work to finish up here before I go.  Therefore it might be best to bring in someone else from legal/regulatory to pull up the info for El Paso, Kern, etc. 
 I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA.  I'm with ETS Legal. 
 Lillian, please see the attached authorization memo.  It is still in draft form, but since time is of the essence, Geneva advised me to forward it to you now so that you could start working on it.  We would like to have the new company formed today if possible.  I will let you know if I make any changes to the attached.  In the meantime, please do not hesitate to call if you have questions.  Susan Scott x30596 
 Attached is my first try at our motion to extend time.  Your written comments would be appreciated. 
 Lillian, I forgot to add that the slate of directors and officers for Capacity Management Corp. will be identical to that of Transwestern Pipeline Company., 
 Steve Stojic called to let me know that the technical conference in RP01-56 will be held on Jan. 9 at 10:00.  A notice will be issued shortly. 
 Don't you have work to do?? : ) 
 I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA; I'm with ETS Legal. 
 Martha, I don't have any bullets but could you please send me last week's -- I think there are some old ones that need to be deleted.  Thanks.   MARTHA BENNER 12/07/2000 01:00 PM 
 THanks..I have no revisions. Enjoy the party!   MARTHA BENNER 12/08/2000 11:47 AM 
 Transwestern Transport Options:  A technical conference is being scheduled for January 9, 2001. 
 OK, here's my 2 cents' worth:  Avale Corp. I also like Enable. I think either one would look fine on an EBB list of customers...  Also -- any name we choose could include the words Capacity Management.  But I'm not sure we want to or need to be that descriptive. 
 Basnea Corp. Basne Energy Management DeviaOne 
 Christine, you need a comma between July and August.  Otherwise this looks fine. 
 This document contains both the El Paso and TW information.  I'll bring you the printouts of the relevant El Paso tariff provisions. 
 Just so you can see how this is evolving... I think we should steer clear of anything involving Energy Services because it sounds like we are buying/selling gas. I've instructed the commercial group to get back to you with a name.  When they do, let Lillian Bailey know (x33577).  That is really the only information she still needs from us, I think. I'm reachable at 713-494-5002 for the rest of today. 
 Contrary to popular belief I am alive...The 22nd works for me too (although given my current work situation I'm sure I'd be late - better late than never, right?)  Anyway, both of the current suggestions sound good ( I've been to Benji's - great food and heard really good things about Ousie's table as well).  But Laura was right, Lisa is currently my social planner - how scarey is that? - so she'll make sure I know what's going on.  Can't wait to see you guys, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 As it appears I will be living and breathing the 32nd floor of the Enron building well through the first of the year, I've decided to break down and try to maintain my friendships via email.  You all know me well enough to know that this a huge step on my part ( I am not the world's best emailer). Anyway, I feel like I'm out of touch with what's going on in your collective lives and am thus missing out on some pretty wonderful, exciting and special things.  So when and if any of you get a chance shoot me back a quick note and let me know what's new in your life.  Love you guys, Susan  Jennifer - Hope work is going well.  I know this time of year has got to be crazy for anyone in your line of work, but I'm sure you're handling it well. We really need to go grab coffee, dinner, a movie or something soon.  I'm in need of a good chat.  Jessica - I know you're in the midst of finals right now and probably about to pull your hair out.  Just focus on the fact that they'll be over soon and you'll be off to London to see Ashley and Lee ( I am so jealous).  Please tell Clay I say hello and wish him good luck as well on y'alls exams.  Lisa - Hey sweetie!  I am so sorry I couldn't make it to your shower in SA, but Jen said it went really well.  We need to get together soon I've missed seeing you and especially hearing about the wedding and all the fun goings ons in your life.  Tell Brad I say "Hi" and I'll be glued to the TV set just like him on the on the 29th rooting on the Horns.  Emily - I really want to hear how your Thanksgiving went with Thomas and the "Fam".  Knowing Thomas it went great and your entire family (especially your Mom) is absolutely in love with him.  Keep me posted on your plans for the future ( I'm curious where you're going to end up geographically).  Also, I thought you'd find it interesting that I may have an opportunity to work in your old hometown - Chicago.  Any thoughts?  Elizabeth - I have really been out of touch with you and I am very mad at myself for letting that happen.  Please write back soon and let me know how school, your family and this new man in your life ( okay, I'm not completely out of touch) are all doing.  My guess is you're going through exams as well right now so I'll wish you the best of luck and infinite success. 
 The only one I'm still not really sure about is Stanfield, which is in red. 
 GDP-CAL BORDER    4.33 GDP-CGT/APPALAC   4.53 GDP-CHI. GATE  4.45 GDP-HEHUB   4.37 GDP-ELPO/PERM2  4.10 GDP-ELPO/SANJUA  3.87 GDP-HPL/SHPCH  4.38 GDP-KERN/OPAL  3.65 GDP-PAN/TX/OK  4.21 GDP-TRCOZ6/NY  4.72 
 Please see the attached. 
 Hey Alicia,  Katy's email address is katyhester@hotmail.com and her phone number is (281)351-5669.  I know she would love to talk to you more about travelling - she has a lot of great ideas about places to go, things to see and things to do.  See ya, Susan 
 The book code is ALWAYS - XZ.  As for trade dates, that is not one of the fields I fill in for the exotics spreadsheet and I don't think that's something we'd really want to add as the file already takes up an extremely large amout of memory. 
 Here are the curves:  GDP-CAL BORDER GDP-CGT/APPALAC GDP-CHI. GATE GDP-CNG/SOUTH GDP-ELPO/PERM2 GDP-ELPO/SANJUA GDP-HEHUB GDP-HPL/SHPCH GDP-KERN/OPAL GDP-MALIN-CITYGA GDP-MICHCON GDP-NTHWST/CANB GDP-PAN/TX/OK GDP-PG&E/CITIGA GDP-TENN/500 GDP-TETCO/M3 GDP-TRCOZ6/NY GDP-WAHA NW STANF/1ST-GD NW-STANFIELD   Thanks for all of the help, Susan 
 You guys better brace yourselves...there are some real doozies.  I keep waiting for HR to just show up one day and fire us all ( her for telling the stories and us for listening).    Enron Capital Management 
 It's compensation for poor self-esteem...Oh wait, I don't have poor self-esteem - You're right, Big Ego!!    Enron Capital Management 
 You planned that didn't you.   You guys can't get enough of me.    Enron Capital Management 
 That was too cute.  How's your week been going?  I can't wait to come out next week...it will be so nice to get away for a while.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey Bronwyn,  I just realized I never emailed you back ( I am a bad, bad person).  Glad to hear things are going well with you.  It was so neat to run into you in Houston, I see your brother around the building quite a bit but I don't think he recognizes me.  I'll have to make a point to reintroduce myself the next time I see him.  So what's new with you?  Have you moved?  I know you were thinking about LA a while back...I've got a couple of friends from high school who are living out there and are really having a good time.  Anyway, I completely understand the urge to try something new.  I too am thinking of making a move before next summer ( I don't know exactly where, but somewhere outside of Texas...I really need to experience something different).  Speaking of which, Emily is in London going to graduate school right now.  I've already been to visit her once there and she's trying to talk me into moving over there.  I would actually love to go, if there was a job with Enron there that interested me.  As for my dating life, it is relatively unchanged.  I was seeing one guy for a while, really liked him, things were going great ( I thought )...then he seemed to loose interest and decided 2 mos. into things to tell me he has issues and that he'd been married before.  Needless to say, that was pretty much the end of things.  It's made me a little hesitant when it comes to meeting new guys, but at the same time I had so much fun in the beginning that I'm still optimistic about my dating future.  How about you?  Concerning Kappa...I'll give you a run down on everyone I still keep in touch with.  Corey's in Law School at Texas ( doing great of course) and has already secured a clerkship with a federal judge in Galveston when she graduates.  Jessica Bateman is now Jessica Pulliam - and she too is in Law School at Texas and has secured a federal clerkship with a judge in Dallas when she graduates.  Elizabeth's is in Med School in San Antonio and dating a fellow med student there.  Stephanie Spence is now Stephanie Williams and is living and working in Dallas.  Lisa Meador is getting married next April to a guy from Texas ( he was a KA, there Brad Thealman (sp?) ) who is absolutely perfect for her.  That about sums it up, but if there's anyone else you're wondering about just ask...I can probably find out some scoop.  Talk to you soon, Susan       Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The deal has been rebooked.  Thanks 
 Hey K!  Thanks for the note.  Everyone is asking how you're doing.  Sorry to hear about your back; I know what it is like.  As much as you are inclined to run around and get things done, the thing that worked best for me with my back problem was just to recline as much as possible!  My house truly became a mess, but guess what, the world did not end.  I really like your monosyllabic choices for names:  Kyle and Quinn.  For some reason I really like the name Elizabeth with both of those.  Perhaps because it balances out the unisex quality of the first name.  I think you really have to meet the baby before you decide for sure.  Who knows, she might turn out to be more of a Gladys!  heh, heh!  The landscapers are almost finished with my yard.  It looks really good.  I even have a little palm tree -- required for the Heights.  The last thing is to finish the driveway -- right now there are 20 tons of black star gravel sitting in the back yard!  Time to work. Try to take it easy! S 
 Hey guys,  Just wanted to let you know that Kori Loibl has offered up her apartment as a Pre-party spot.  The financial desk will be there as well as Purvi & her boyfriend and  Mo "the bomb" Sanchez and her fianc,e John.  Don't know if you guys have any interest, but the offer's open.  Either way, we'll have to find someplace extend the festivities after the X-mas party shuts down...(the Black Swan, Eu-grope-a, etc).  Susan 
 Here are some of the main curves....attached is a file containing the rest. 
 Hey Lisa,  Good job on the organization.  Do you have any recommendations for what I could bring or is there anything you think we really need?  Also, just to double check, we're getting together next Monday night right?  Susan 
 Sorry Beatrice,  I sent this to Greg and forgot to send it to you as well.  This is a preliminary file until I have the official NGI settle prices for Chicago City Gate and Socal.  Let me know it you have any questions.  Susan 
 Call me with any questions.  I'll send you the final version when I have the official NGI settle prices.  Susan 
 Please include my name on the list of attendants for the brown bag tomorrow.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Dan,  I am currently sitting in the Coal group's old area on 32.  While dealing with some computer issues Friday, I came across an expandable file full of Coal related documents buried beneath my desk.  The documents and contracts seem pretty old, which is why I assume no one has missed them.  Still, I wanted to contact you to see if you would like me to run them down rather than simply discard them.  If you could email or call me at x31455 and let me know what I should do with them I would appreciate it (as you know space is limited up here).  Thanks, Susan 
 On January 13, 2000, FERC issued a Section 7(c) certificate for Transwestern's Gallup Expansion.  The Commission's order contained two conditions:  1) that Transwestern file its discounted rates within 15 days of the order, and 2) that Transwestern restructure its relationship with Enron Compression Services so that Transwestern will have sufficient operation control over the motor at the Gallup compressor station to assume regulatory responsibility for the motor's operation, and that Transwestern file a report with the Commission stating how it complied with this condition. Transwestern accepted the  certificate January 14, 2000 but reserved the right to seek rehearing or clarification of the order.  On January 18, 2000, Transwestern filed a motion for extension of time to comply with the condition that Transwestern file its discounted rates.  Transwestern has already filed with the Commission the discounted rates it will charge its expansion shippers, subject to a request for confidentiality.   Transwestern intends to file a request for rehearing of the January 13 order explaining why the Commission erred in ordering Transwestern to publicly disclose its discounted rates in advance of the normal time for making such disclosure through a discount report. 
 Larry,  For some reason the mail router keeps rejecting the files I'm trying to send you (GDOpt&Swap and PipePos).  If you have access to the rest of the system here you should be able to get into the PipOpt folder with out any problems. If you don't end up coming in tomorrow I'll get with IT and try and figure out a way to email you these files.  Give me a call at 713-853-1455 if you need anything.  I went ahead and attached a copy of your P&L from Friday if you want to take a look at that.  I tried calling you with the number, but I never got an answer.  Also, there was a confirm that came in for you Friday with Amerex: They show you Buying a 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system.  Thanks, Susan 
 Also Larry, there was a confirm that came in for you Friday with Amerex: They show you Buying a 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system.  Thanks, Susan 
 Also, there was a confirm that came in Friday with Amerex for you Buying 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system.  Thanks, Susan 
 The apartment complex needs for you to fax them a statement saying you are no longer living in our apartment and they need it by tomorrow morning.  If I don't here from you via email/msngr  by the end of tonight I'm going to forge one and fax it to them.  Actually, I can do that regardless if you don't mind.  Just drop me a line and let me know what works for you.  Hope things are going well.  I actually worked 21 straight hours the other day/night (7:45 am Tuesday until 4:45 am Wednesday)...I think this constitutes cruel and unusual punishment. 
 Great minds.... 
 Well, how does it feel to be back?  I'm sure, even though our fair city can't compete with London for history and culture, there are a few things you've missed about this place.  Hope the flight back was good and I'm sure I'll be seeing you around.  Susan 
 Lorraine, see the attached.  I added "Maximum" and "Minimum" to the chart but don't know whether I got it backwards...anyway, let's talk if you have any questions. 
 If you could run the same valuation for Deal #'s QC1431.1 and QC1431.2 using Post-id 956785, we could verify that they changes you've made correctly value the basis offset whether a deal index flat or index +/- .  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Susan 
 The deals included below are strictly index flat gas daily options.  I'm going to send Shouan an Index +/- deal as well so that he can verify that the basis offset is valuing correctly in both situations. 
 Actually, if you don't expect me to keep up with you the whole 8K's, I could probably muster up the energy.  Besides, I'm planning on sleeping the entire way out there so I'll end up getting more sleep that night than normal.  Do I need to do anything to sign up for the run?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 CurveView Parameters  Risk Type:   Price     (P) Source:   NG_OMICRON_1,2,3...etc Curve Type:  Volatility Percent   (VO) 
 Okay...My itinerary is as follows:  Arriving in San Diego 2:20 am Friday night (I'll need your new address for the cab) and departing Sunday at 6:15 pm.  If you just want to leave the key under the mat that would be perfect for me...I'll probably crash immediately anyway.  I am so excited to be coming out there - -  I really need a break from Houston...not to mention work.  The Gas Lamp district Saturday night sounds like fun and I would love to meet your friends.  Also, please don't feel like you have to plan the whole weekend, I have no problem going with the flow.  See you in a couple of weeks, Susan 
 Okay, so here's the debate...There's a flight out Friday night leaving Houston at 11:00 pm and getting into SD around 2:20 in the morning.  The next earlier flight leaves Houston around 5:30 pm but unfortunately there's no way I could make that one because of  work.  The other option is to fly in Saturday morning like I did last time.  I'm leaning towards leaving Friday night and just taking a cab to your place as long as you don't mind waking up to let me in.  That way we'd have all day Saturday to do things and I wouldn't leave on Sunday until around 3:30 (or I could even leave around 6:00).  Anyway, I was just wondering what you think about the various options?  Let me know and I'll try and book this thing today.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Charles Bradley Scott....hope the wedding plans are still going well.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I found the picture from Tin Hall the other night and that guy at Whataburger was definitely one of the "cute cowboys."  How weird is that?  Anyway, hope you're flight home and immediate transition to the classroom went smoothly. I guess I'll be seeing you in about two weeks and by that time, hopefully, I'll know more about my London prospects.  Susan 
 I'd told my theory to my friend Linda, who wanted to be a social scientist and was always coming up with theories herself.  I'd concluded that breasts were to sex what pillows were to sleep.  "Guys might think they want a pillow, but they'll sleep just as well without one." She'd said, "Guys will sleep anywhere if they're really tired." 
 Start at the bottom and work your way up....I'd forgotten this is how I get over guys, flush-out the shortcomings of their wit. 
 Hi Mum!  Well, I mustered the courage to start my bathroom painting project yesterday.  I chose a medium blue that looks very nice.  Guess who helped me?  Bill!  He got pretty enthusiastic with that roller.  So we were able to knock it out in about 3 hours.  There was a lot of woodwork to tape off. Tonight I will finish the tub area, which needed some repair/caulking/spackling.  Now I am anxious to do the bedroom, but probably will not get to it until next month.  Maybe you will be able to help me decide on a color when you are here this weekend.  I'm torn between "Happy Yellow" and a lighter version of the blue I used in the bathroom.  If I decide to paint any of the downstairs, I believe I will entrust that work to the professionals.  Got 4 tickets to the dance performance.  Since Bill seems to genuinely enjoy dance, I invited him.  So that leaves us with one ticket.  If you would like to invite someone, just let me know; otherwise maybe one of my friends around here will join us.  Hope your weekend project was a success.  Talk to you soon!  Love, S. 
 It was very small and petty of me, but I couldn't resist.  Start with the last message and work your way up to get the full story.  Good luck studying, Susan 
 Although, as a women, "cojones" aren't necessarily the best attribute to have...there never has been, nor will there ever be a question of my possessing them - even you would have to concede that much.  As for the bet, if I recall correctly (and I always do) someone once said they had a little bit of a "problem" gambling and I could not in good conscious have acted as an enabler.  And, a true fan (longhorn or not) is there through the good times and the bad and believe me I been there through it all (a degrading loss to your alma mater, as well as an unbelievably beautiful victory over Nebraska) always managing to stick it out no matter how bleak things got. Speaking of which it must sting being beat by the last place team in your conference...but I'm sure the Pac-10's record against non-conference opponents is really helping to ease that blow.  Speaking of feather's in the conference cap, looks like our next national champion is going to be from the Big 12 - will wonders never cease.  My Monday is going great, thank you very much and I will show extreme restraint and refrain from any Chips comments ( Besides, I don't have time to type that much ).  UCLA could stand a chance next year if the NFL doesn't prove too tempting to some of your vets...how does that saying go,  "Like rats fleeing a sinking ship?" 
 Well, given the impressive results of Friday's game, I suppose I should've taken the bet...I mean I knew we were good, but I didn't realize we were THAT good.  Watching the game I couldn't help but remember some comments made not too long ago about this being a building season and that the Horns would be a force to be reckoned with come the next two seasons - - I love it when I'm right.  With an increasingly more confident sophomore quarterback leading the charge and three (count them three) very mature freshman receivers all eager to make big plays, not to mention last year's top quarterback recruit Chance Mock serving as a back-up, next season promises to be something to watch.  My condolences on your prospects not looking quite as bright .  Hope you had a nice Thanksgiving and good luck helping all of your Aggie co-workers through this trying time.  Susan  (Oh and Chip, I'd store the Gig'em sweater-vest away for the next 360 days or so if you want to avoid any post-game ridicule...in a round about way you are an "Ag" man now.) 
 Hey Chris,  I was wondering if there was a fax number at the base so that my apartment complex can send you some info.  regarding getting your name taken off of our lease.  If there is, just shoot me off an email with the number and I'll pass it along to them.  Hope things are going well and that you're not too homesick with Thanksgiving and all.  I have a feeling I will be talking to you guys tomorrow along with both of our parents and extended family members.  Have a great holiday and root on the Horns ( I think this is going to be a tough one).  Love, Susan 
 Sorry it took me so long to get back to you.  Unfortunately, I'm not a betting woman (I'm afraid any team I bet on is automatically jinxed and I can't vote against my alma mater)...so I will kindly refrain from any wagers.  Have a great Thanksgiving Holiday, Susan  The options book is still the options book and I think I will have put in at least 36 of my 40 hours this week.  I know, I know...I'm not working hard enough,    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here are a couple of deals to look at.  Q22452.1 and Q97452.2   Thanks, Susan 
 Okay, there's a flight out of Houston on the 15th that gets into SD at 10:45 pm and the return flight is on Sunday around 3:30.  If that works for you I'm going to go ahead and book the ticket now.  I'm so glad to hear that you're move was such a rousing success.  As for myself and all of the guy juggling, I'm trying to get that under control. Truth be told, none of them are worth a dime.  I think it was more of an ego thing on my part.  Anyway, I still can't see the point in wasting time on guys I'm not interested in so (like I said) I've ceased the rampage.  I'm not taking any time off for Christmas so this trip would be a very welcomed respite.  Let me know about the times.  Susan 
 Hey Julie,  Congratulations on the promotion, that's so exciting (I'm sure you've more than earned it).  I just wanted to drop a line and see how work,  your new apartment/roommate and Brendan are all doing.  All are wonderful I hope.  I realize this is somewhat random, but I just found some great airfares from Houston to San Diego ($99 each way!!!) and was wondering what you were doing the weekend of Dec. 15?  I know this time of year is kind of crazy so I will totally understand if you have holiday parties, etc. to attend.  Regardless, this deal is good for travel through the end of February 2001, so....if it doesn't look like it's going to work before the end of the year, maybe I could make a visit mid-January or February.  Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon.  Susan 
 I completely forgot to call you this afternoon...it got kind of crazy around here.  If you're going to be at the flat any time tomorrow shoot me off and email and I'll call you in the morning, ....otherwise I'll talk to you tomorrow when you get to H-town. 
 It sounds great...we'll figure out a good time then.  I've really missed you guys these last few weeks.  I've been completely MIA. 
 John Buchanan and I discussed TW's transfer of gas from the PG&E/Topock receipt/delivery point to the PG&E/Topock Park N' Ride point to implement TW's use of PG&E's Market Center service.  My understanding is that physically the points are one and the same, and that the transaction will simply be a paper transfer.  Since a contract is required in our system as a formality to implement the transfer, the rate TW will "charge" itself for the transfer is $0.  This message is to confirm that I see no legal or regulatory problems with the above scenario.  If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to e-mail or call me (x30596). 
 The only problem I can see with this is that paragraph 4 could be construed to encourage NMNG to request amendment not only to increase the MAXDTQ but also to decrease it (if the MAXDTQ has been increased by a previous amendment).  I worry that this might mislead NMNG that the parties can decrease the MAXDTQ by agreement rather than NMNG using capacity release procedures.   However, the paragraph does not obligate TW to do anything & doesn't give NMNG any rights, since any change in the MAXDTQ must be by mutual agreement (and it's subject to available capacity).  Since it does not seem to give either party anything they do not already get under the tariff, I think I would recommend we omit it.  However, NMNG might insist on this or similar language to reflect the "deal" --- or at least the conversations of the parties.  If that's the case, I suppose I would advise the marketing folks to limit the language of paragraph 4 to an increase in MAXDTQ and explain that any decrease would have to be thru capacity release.  Comments? 
 Hey Darren,  It's funny you mentioned Wilson because I just got an email from him this morning.  He seems to think he'll be in Houston in the near future as well. Hopefully, we can all get together and go out or hit steak night for some cold ones.  So H-town for six weeks hugh?  Why the mixed feelings?  Are they work related or were you just starting to get settled in London?  Anyway, I'll have to give Nick a call about the big news...I may have an idea what it's all about but then again maybe not.  So what's with this Kiwi girl? Because, I actually have made some progress regarding London.  Turns out there may be some structuring and originating opportunities for me over there which would be much more in line with where I'd like my "career" to be going versus the other opportunities I was being offered.  Either way, I won't be going over until March or April of next year so it's still a ways off.  As for the guy scene...yes, there has been some courting but nothing really to speak of.  I've gone out on a couple of dates but I can't say I really see them going anywhere.  Most of the guys around my age are still pretty insecure and I'm never going to be the kind of girl that wants to "shape and mold them" into men...I just don't have the patience or the inclination.  And the other end of the spectrum (single guys in their late 30's/early 40's) who seem to hover around like gnats just give me the creeps.  Oh well, as I've said before "hope springs eternal".  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey Wilson,  Yep, I'm still in Houston for the time being...I'll probably be here through March of next year when my current rotation ends.  Everything's going pretty well, work is still consisting of long hours but I think ultimately the hard work is going to pay off.  In fact, the whole London thing is looking pretty good right now.  There might be an opportunity for me to get into some structuring and originating roles over there which is much more along the lines of where I'd like to go (versus this whole trader support thing - great experience for the time being, but definitely not a permanent role).  Glad to hear things are still well with you.  Sounds like you're still the same old Wilson...working deals and hooking-up.  You'll have to let me know when you're going to be in town so we can get the gang together to go out.  It looks like Darren's going to be back in town for about 6 weeks or so coming up so hopefully we could all make a steak night reunion.  I've been going out quite a bit as well and have had a couple dates, but nothing really to speak of.  I was kind of on a rampage over the last month just messing with guys heads (flirting, getting them to buy me drinks, giving them my number and then completely ignoring them).  I think it was some need I had to treat your entire gender like shit.  I'm pretty much over it though.  It's not really in my nature to be like that, just a reactionary thing for having been treated like crap myself.  Keep in touch and let me know when you're going to be in town.  Susan 
 Thought you'd like this one... 
 Like I was saying the other night, there are a lot of funny emails going around these days... 
 Travis thought you'd get a kick out of this... 
 Hey, I'll try and give you a call tonight at your flat.  As far as "free nights" over Thanksgiving go...I'm pretty much open Tues, Wed, Fri and Sat. Katy and I are very excited about taking you out to get some REAL margaritas.  I can't remember where your favorite ones are, but where ever they may be the drinks are on me.  (Although given your increased tolerance these days, you may break me).  The reason I was asking about when you were coming home is...Jeffy Jeff is playing Gruene Hall the 15th and 16th of December and If you were up to it, I thought it'd be a good weekend trip for you, Katy, myself and whomever else may want to tag along (especially since it doesn't look like we'll be making it to Gruene over New Years).  Plus, if we did go I think I could swing leaving Friday night and not coming back until Monday morning...The outlet mall is calling your name.  Talk to you soon, Susan  PS - I have encouraging news regarding London, I'll tell you more about it when I talk to you.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Strangely enough a Tuesday night would probably be better for me too.  I think an all girls gift exchange would be really fun but, as you guys well know, I'm up for anything.  As for restaurants, I just tried this new place called Bossa's and it was really good.  It's right across from the Rice Hotel downtown and has a neat atmosphere.  Of course there are also all kinds of places around our "area of town" that would be great as well...PF Chang's, Mi Luna, Americas, La Griglia (sp?), etc. etc.  Just let me know the time and place.  Thanks again Lisa for organizing all of this, you're the greatest.  Susan  PS- If any one has an urge to grab a bite to eat or coffee either tonight or tomorrow night let me know.  I feel like I haven't seen you guys in forever. 
 I definitely want to renew, but as you know I never get home before the leasing office closes.  I've got paintball Saturday morning but I know that won't take all day so maybe I can go by in the afternoon to sign any necessary papers.  My guess is you'll need to sign some papers as well. 
 Edwards Greenway  The Legend of Bagger Vance Will Smith helps Matt Damon find his lost swing in "The Legend of Bagger Vance." Will it be an ace or air shot? Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 2:00pm , 3:00pm , 4:00pm , 5:00pm , 6:00pm , 7:00pm , 8:00pm , 9:00pm , 10:00pm , 10:45pm  Remember the Titans In "Remember the Titans," Denzel Washington stars as a high school football coach tackling racism in the 1970s. Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 1:30pm , 2:00pm , 4:15pm , 4:45pm , 7:00pm , 7:30pm , 9:35pm , 10:00pm  Pay It Forward In "Pay It Forward," a boy tries to set his teacher up with his alcoholic mother. Not your usual happy hour. Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 2:00pm , 2:45pm , 4:30pm , 5:30pm , 7:15pm , 8:15pm , 9:50pm , 10:40pm  River Oaks  Billy Elliot Boxing and ballet don't make for boyhood bliss in "Billy Elliot." Try saying that three times fast. Nov 14-Nov 16 Tue-Thu 4:45pm , 7:10pm , 9:30pm 
 Any interest in doing something tonight? 
 Brian and Glen,  Based upon a review of the 1/21/00 draft of Motion for Extension of Procedural Schedule, Transwestern Pipeline Company does not wish to join as a party to the motion, and does not plan to oppose the motion.  Sincerely,  Susan Scott 
 Still need to add a few things, but most of it's already there.  The only things missing are the GD files we created and the GD FOM valuation problem that I've been working on with Shouan and Jeremy (there was a bug in the code). 
 Agustin,  I am trying to confirm the counterparty on one of your deals so that it can be properly assigned in TAGG.  The ticket for the deal in question reads Barcel Mexico.  However, I spoke recently with Beatrice Reyna who informed me that you believed the counterparty to be one of the Bimbo companies.  If you wouldn't mind looking into this and getting back to me with the correct counterparty name it would be much appreciated.  Thanks, Susan  Deal Parameters - Costless Collar  Deal Date:       8/24/00 Delivery Point:  Avg (IF-TETCO/STX and PGE) Time Frame:  9/01/00 - 02/28/2001 Volume:  38,000 MMBTU/month ENA Sells:  $5.20 Call ENA Buys:  $4.00 Put 
 Stacey,  Please include me on the list for Tuesday's brown bag with Jen Fraser.  Thanks, Susan 
 I know some of you may think I've dropped off the face of the earth, but believe it or not I am still alive.  As usual, I would love to meet you guys next Thursday and plan on doing so.  However, I do reserve the right to bail last minute due to work.  Susan  - - By the way, for those how look forward to Susan stories I've got tons....   (Sorry for sending this to you twice Jen.) 
 I know some of you may think I've dropped off the face of the earth, but believe it or not I am still alive.  As usual, I would love to meet you guys next Thursday and plan on doing so.  However, I do reserve the right to bail last minute due to work.  Susan  - - By the way, for those how look forward to Susan stories I've got tons.... 
 Get me a ticket and I'll see what I can do...I call later.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Low blow with the "weekends are my time..." comment.  Anyway, Friday should be cool so just go ahead and give me a call in the afternoon and we'll go from there.  Susan  - - Gas prices up almost $.50 in two days...it is a madhouse around here.      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Thanks for the attached deal information, Shouan.  Looking at the data I feel confident that, once we are past the first day of the month, the gas daily options curveshift is valuing correctly.  However, I am still concerned with the valuation from 10/31.  Is there anyway to see same breakdown on 11/2 and 11/3 for 10/31's position.  If you could send me that information in the same format I think we may have an answer for the changed deal value we saw fall out of my trader's book on 11/1.  Susan 
 Gregory,  The book code is XZP for all of the Basis option deals.  The book code does not change month to month, it is always XZP.  Thanks, Susan 
 The attached document shows my proposed changes to Universal's agreement in redlining.  I tried not to over-lawyer or make this overly complicated, but in my view this needed a lot of basic cleanup.  Many of my changes are simply to make the language more accurate (for example, in the use of defined terms).  In a couple of places, I have questions:  1) In the second opening paragraph, I don't know whether it is possible to attach the Proposal as an exhibit; if not, ignore my change.  2) Section 4.a.  -- their provision for an adjustment seemed a little unusual to me but it could work in favor of either party, so I left it in.  If you don't like it, let me know.  3)  In Section 5, I just tried to simplify the billing procedure in case of termination.  Let me know if this does not agree with your intent.  Please call me with your comments, and let me know how you would like to proceed.  SS (713) 853-0596 
 CONGRATULATIONS !  I just found out that you were extended an offer by the Big E.  I can't tell you how happy I am that I didn't have to question the intelligence of my company.  Hope you had a good birthday and I'll see you at the A&M game. 
 Marcelo,  Thanks for the update.  I have been given a green light as well to go ahead and start testing my traders deals.  Let me know if you just need TAGG deal numbers for testing purposes, or if I need to rebook deals myself in your test version in order to compare it valuation with the valuation in my excel models.  Thanks, Susan  x31455    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey Kyle,  You'll be happy to know that I think I finally caught up on all of the sleep I've been missing out on of late.  Last week was extremely trying at work, I think I probably put in a good 70-75 hrs. between Monday and Friday, and thus resulted in me being a complete and total vegetable this weekend.  Anyway, I'm assuming you've been trying to relax as well and have some fun before embarking on your new career with Valero.  I'm sure your decision to leave Enron and move back to San Antonio will prove to be the right one.  In regards to dinner this Friday...I would definitely like to get together before you leave.  Given how I've been feeling on Friday evenings as of late (monumentally exhausted), sometime earlier in the week might be better. However, if Friday's the only time you can do it then Friday it is.  Just let me know what works for you.  Of course, regardless of what night it is, it's probably going to have to be on the later side to accommodate Larry's lackey (i.e. me).  Susan 
 Thanks Carrie.  I went ahead and made the counterparty name change so that it will be properly reflected next month.  Susan 
 Count me in for tomorrow's brown bag lunch with Berney Aucoin.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Jessica,  I'm sorry I never got in touch with you last weekend, but I had the wrong phone number with me and didn't have enough brain power to think of using Information.  I don't think I would have been much fun anyway since I pretty much just ended up sleeping the whole weekend.  In fact, I fell asleep in the car on the ride back to my sister's house after the game and my parents decided to just leave me in the car.  I think I was probably out there for an hour before I woke up (needless to say I was very confused).  Anyway, hope things are going well for you and Clay.  I know everything must be kind of crazy for both of you right now with finals coming up and all of the interviewing you've both no doubt been doing.  I really want to get a chance to see you and chat...I don't feel like we've had a good one in forever.  I will be in Austin over Thanksgiving for the game, so we could try to touch base then if you're going to be in town.  If not, I'm sure I can manage at least one weekend trip during December if there's a good weekend for you.  Just drop me  a line when you get a chance and let me know what's new with you.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 That is weird.  I received your first message.  Dave, Exhibit A of the O&M agreement is a description of the Compressor Motor Facilities.  Do you have this? Exhibit C is insurance coverages; I assume I need to get that from Nemec.  Martha, please send me by interoffice mail copies of the executed documents Drew has; mine seem to have vaporized.  Thank you! 
 Let me know if any of the deals values in the attached file are incorrect.  Thanks, Susan 
 Stacey,  I was wondering if there was still room in the brown bag today with Dan Reck.  If there are spaces available, I would like to add my name to the list of attendants.  Thanks, Susan 
 Deal #Q75558.2 - Counterparty is CIA Papelera Mandonado and the counterparty contact is Francisco Elosua.  Agustin Perez is the originator on the deal. 
 Can we have a 10-15 min meeting sometime today before 3:00 p.m.?  Also, I've filled out the remainder of the login and password file for my information. 
 login:        sscott5 pswrd:      enrono5sc     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Week from HELL!!!! 
 Thanks.  As for getting talked into buying all the extras, I'm not as easily convinced of things as some people I know ( Cow fingers?).  Halloween at the Big E wasn't nearly as fun as I'd hoped...I mean, they keep the candy in machines and you have to actually pay for it...that just borders on cruel.  Susan  By the way,  you'll have to question  the college coaches and sports writers out there if you have any issues with the rankings.  I am merely the messenger. 
 Deal # Q47477 has been rebooked. 
 Christine and I seem to have gotten Phillips interested in a right to terminate if TW's minimum tariff rate ever exceeds the contract rate.  They said they would mull it over, at least.  But what they really would prefer to have is a provision in which they would get the contract rate no matter what.  Since this would make it a negotiated rate deal from day 1, I feel like I need to get your buy-in before we agree to it.  Steve has already told me it is OK with him.  Please advise. 
 Kyle,  I want you to know how much getting your email today meant to me.  I was hoping to be able to respond with the same kind of care and consideration you showed, but - as you can see from the time on this email - today has been a bit on the rough side.  I will continue my thoughts tomorrow when I have more time to gather them, but until then I wanted you to know that I did get the email and that it contained quite possibly some of the kindest and most touching things ever said to me.  And, please know that you would never, ever be put in one of my stalker catagories...you could never be lumped in any catagory with the SP's of the world.  Susan  As for the good-bye, I would have to give it high marks as well. 
 Hey,  Quick question, I was hoping to go get my car detailed this weekend and I remembered that you had your truck detailed a while back...I was wondering where you had it done and if you thought they did a good job ( I'm assuming the place is pretty close to our area of town).  I finally got into the parking garage and have decided I now have real incentive to keep my car looking nice.  Hope things are well with you.  I talked to Darren last week and it sounds as though he is extremely busy these days.  I'm guessing the story's much the same with you - a far cry from the listless days you two spent in Net Works. Anyway, if you could let me know about the detailing I would appreciate it.  Susan  By the way, since there's no telling if I'll have the opportunity to gloat two weeks from now (Tech in Lubbock is never a safe bet) - and while neither season has been one for the record books (except of course for our loss to OU - one of the worst in history) - I noticed that unlike the Longhorns, your beloved Bruins are conspicuously absent from the top 25.  Oh well, c'est la vie. 
 Don't know when you'll get a chance to read this, but I must confess it made me a bit teary eyed.  I didn't think he had it in him to be so eloquent.  As for New Year's Eve, I have to say I'm kind of with Kasey.  As much as I'd love to see Gary P., I don't really want to risk the drive and I'm guessing no one else does either.  Hope you had a good weekend and I'll talk to you soon.  Sue 
 The Post-Ted Susan is out of control.  In less than a week's time I have mugged down with 3 guys and have a fourth one emailing me to go out sometime.  Funny thing is I'm not really interested in any of them, just having fun.  Hope all well with you.  Susan 
 No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night, it was probably more a case of me keeping myself out (I have been known to do that on occasion). I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday, but I had a pretty crazy day here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively cut me off from the outside world.  As for being upset about anything, don't worry I'm not.  You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own. I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not, but in case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866.  Susan  I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going. 
 No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night, it was probably more a case of me keeping myself out (I have been known to do that on occasion). I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday, but I had a pretty crazy day here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively cut me off from the outside world.  As for being upset about anything, don't worry I'm not.  You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own. I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not, but in case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866.  Susan  I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going. 
 So....Can you cover me for one night next week?  I could be back the next morning by 8:00 am. 
 Here's the summary we sent you before, with new reference to Hector in redlining.  Call Jeff (713-853-1521) or me (713-853-0596) if you have questions. 
 It's muster - to pass inspection...(how does mustard make sense?  It's not like the Grey Poupon commercials.)  Main Entry: 1mus?ter Pronunciation: 'm&s-t&r Function: noun Etymology: Middle English mustre, from Middle French mostre, monstre, from monstrer Date: 14th century 1 : a representative specimen : SAMPLE 2 a : an act of assembling; specifically : formal military inspection b : critical examination c : an assembled group : COLLECTION d : INVENTORY  Get some rest, it's probably pretty easy to catch a cold with the damp, cold weather there.  Susan 
 I don't want to stop being nice, but I think it gets me into trouble. 
 Your welcome.  As for myself, I'm doing pretty good these days.  I've been up in Austin practically every weekend for the games and have actually been managing to go out a bit more here in Houston during the week in an effort to become social again.  There isn't too much new in Tejas...the weather's still warm and a bit on the muggy side, but what can you expect it's only almost November. Today is Wednesday, so of course Steak Night is on the agenda for this evening.  Actually, the guy who trained me for my current job is leaving Enron and his happy hour just happens to be at Little Woodrow's tonight - how convenient.  On the man front, I've put myself back out on the "market" so to speak and have a couple of pursuant suitors right now (although, I don't know that in the end any of them will pass muster).  Unfortunately for them I am somewhat sceptical of guys in general these days (especially ones that I can't get background information on through friends), but I'm trying not to let that color my opinion too much.  Not to worry about your former neighbor either, I haven't seen or talked to him in a couple of weeks and that's okay with me.  Drop me a line when you get the chance, Susan 
 Hey Darren,  Just thought I'd let you know that Billy Lemmons mentioned you by name in one of the Analyst/Associate brown bag lunches.  He was talking about the Ag Trading initiative and who spear-headed the effort (I think the other guy he mentioned was Jay Fitzgerald).  Anyway, thought you'd like to now you're definitely making a name for yourself around here.  Hope things are going well with you.  Talk to you soon,  Susan 
 I believe this email was intended for you. 
 Yes, the deal would have been for today.  I'm not sure who the trader was and Larry has already left for the day.  I will probably just leave a note for him with his packet and resolve the issue tomorrow.  Thanks, Susan     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Did any of your traders do a deal with Larry May at Sumas selling half-a-day at +.03? 
 This email is in regards to the Halloween party at the Continental Club.  I would like to confirm my attendance for the night of the Oct. 26.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 I would like to reserve a spot at tomorrow's brown bag with Billy Lemmons.  Thank you, Susan Scott 
 Both legs have been rebooked.  Thanks, Susan 
 Mary Kay and Drew, please see Christine's message below.  This language is very similar to language that NNG has used to address the change-in-rates issue.  I do not believe it creates a negotiated rates issue.  Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any concerns.  It is important that we work something out with Phillips today.  By the way, I asked Christine if she had asked Phillips to 1) give up their right of first refusal and 2) agree to our new capacity release language (i.e. TW gets the upside if capacity is released at a higher rate) in exchange for us making this compromise.  She feels that it would be inappropriate to ask them because the language below does not quite give Phillips what they had requested originally (that is, a negotiated rate). 
 Thought you'd get a kick out of this one.  By the way, did you guys end up doing the "holiday greeting" thing? 
 I was just wondering if there was any more information available regarding the upcoming Super Saturday events.  I would be glad to help out in any capacity.  Thanks, Susan 
 Marcelo,  Evidently, there has been some discussion regarding the use of Enpower for Natural Gas basis options.  As a result I've been advised to hold off on any meetings until further notice.  Thanks again for all of your help and I will be in touch with you as soon as I know how we are going to progress.  Susan 
 Deal # Q52317 -  The counterparty is Nylon de Mexico and the contact is Alberto Diosdado.  The originator on the deal is Agustin Perez. 
 For October 19: Put the obsession and dedication back into your job, health, and daily life. Stressful matters beyond your control have leached away much of the excitement that makes life enjoyable. Use this Mercury retro period to reinvent your work philosophy and improve your health and lifestyle. The resources and relief you seek are available, but you may be expected to kowtow and kiss butt to get what you need. Are you willing -- or not? I can't blame you if your high standards won't allow anything to compromise your vision. But if you're feeling pragmatic, use the next 3 weeks to cook up an agreement you can live with. 
 Looks good.  Thanks for the heads-up, Susan 
 I just got the email from our UT recruiter naming all of the Super Saturday candidates.  Kudos.  I'm so glad we didn't embarrass ourselves by overlooking you a second time.  I'll see what I can do about getting assigned to your dinner group.  See you this weekend. 
 Just thought you'd like to know that Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 stars.  He had many of the same comments to make about the film and Dallas as you.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Dear Citizens' Assistance Division:  I live in the Houston Heights on the 800 block of Cortlandt.  For the 3 years I've lived there, the drainage ditch in front of my house, and several other houses on my street, have been blocked.  Any time it rains, we have standing water for several days afterwards.  I know that other streets in the Heights have the same problem. I have heard that because of the mild winter we're having, we can expect a bumper crop of mosquitos this summer.  Standing water therefore poses a health concern for residents of the Heights this summer.  Does the City have any current plans to fix the drainage problem in the Heights?  Last year I called and requested that the ditch in front of my house be cleared, but got no response.  I hope that this was merely an oversight rather than an indication that the City of Houston has no regard for the health and comfort of its citizens.  Any information you can provide would be appreciated.  Sincerely,  Susan Scott 815 Cortlandt St. (713) 853-0596 (daytime phone) sscott3@enron.com 
 You need to give me your messenger address so we can "talk". 
 Those were great Chris.  Sorry no emails sooner to tell you all of my trip to London, which was incredible, but alas I am back at work and therefore swamped.  Mom said you guys had a great time in China.  I hope you took lots of pictures.  I'm not sure if she already passed along the bad news, but it doesn't look like I'm going to be able to visit next month...Work strikes again.  I am very frustrated (considering I asked for this time off 4 mos. ago) but there isn't really anything I can do.  So, I'm going to see if there's a way I could come over next spring.  Regardless, I very excited about you and Chuck coming back to Houston in December and we'll just have to make up some quality time then.  Talk to you soon, Susan  PS - Isn't it ironic...Now Ben keeps calling wanting to go out.  I mean honestly what goes through these guys heads.  They don't realize a "good thing" the first time around and the second time around is too late - the "good thing" is no longer interested. 
 I am definitely interested in the parking space at the Met.  Please let me know if it is still possible for me to acquire a space.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Thanks 
 Hey Em,  Well it's 8:30 Friday night and surprise I'm still at the office.  I love this place!!!  To answer your question, yes I am definitely suffering withdrawal.  I will be working very hard over the next few months to cure that though.  Nothing really exciting to report here except A) Nick called me my first day back in the office to make sure I arrived home safely ( I really don't know what to do about all of that)  B) Ben keeps calling me to see if I want to go out - 2 nights in a row in addition to our Steak Night beer (I haven't gone either night).  How ironic is all of this?  I've got one guy worrying and thinking of me that I care nothing for...I've got another guy who I at one time cared for but no longer do trying to take advantage of my vulnerable state (which in truth isn't really vulnerable at all) and another guy, who I until fairly recently cared for, who I think could go the rest of his life without ever seeing/speaking to me again (Or course I guess the reverse of that is true as well).  Talk to you soon, Susan  Positive notes:  I think Ted is getting greying and losing hair with the added stress of corn trading.  He looks old and pitiful.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Gotta love people finder.   ROBERT  KEYLOCK  CONTACT INFO                                           COMPANY INFO Phone : +442077834376                                           Employee Type :              ENRON EMPLOYEE Email :                   robert.keylock@enron.com                  Job Title :                              SENIOR CLERK Location :             ENRON HOUSE Supervisor :                         SYMES, PETER Fax :                      +442077838746 Contract Company :          ECT NON U.S. PAYROLL  COMPANY Cellular : 07769743489                                                Company Number :          G-016 Cost Center : 0000100348                                                  Cost Center Name :           EEL-IT OPERATIONS City :                                        LONDON     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Glad to hear things are going so well.  No, I haven't spoken with Ted since my return...but, I did go out a few of the nights I was in London with an undergrad/grad school friend of his (among other people of course). Surprise, surprise he didn't have many supportive words for Ted as dating material either.  In summary he found Ted to lack attentiveness to his partners and maybe even fidelity.  He said the break up of Ted's marriage wasn't "ALL his fault", which is a decidedly different slant than the one Ted gave me the night of our chat.  I also heard that he has worked his way around Enron a bit.  All in all very disheartening information.  Regardless, I'm still glad I dated him and think I learned a lot from the whole situation.  Tell Brendan I said, "Hello" and good luck with the new role at work.  Susan  I have a hold on travel plans to Korea right now as work may interfere.  Oh, well. 
 You guys are going to kill me, but I just got a ticket on the floor for the Rockets game tonight.  I was hoping I could get cell phone numbers from a few of you so that I could maybe meet up with y'all after the game.  I definitely want to see everyone and could "go out" later if anyone's interested.  Susan 
 Dear Mr. Henderson:  Attached pursuant to Dave Foti's request is the Substation Maintenance Agreement in Word format with Transwestern's proposed changes shown in redlining.  After you've had a chance to review the agreement, please feel free to contact me with any questions or comments.  Sincerely,  Susan Scott Counsel for Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 sscott3@enron.com 
 Hey Julie,  I just got back from London Tuesday and am now almost fully recovered from the jet lag.  I had an absolutely incredible time while I was over there and was even able to go into the Enron office for a while.  One of the guys I knew here in Houston even set up an impromptu interview for me while I was there so I think my working over there may be a very real possibility.  Since I'd already done a lot of the touristy things the last time I was in London Emily and I pretty much just hung out.  We went out to eat Friday night and then to a club ( I think we got home around 4 am after indulging in some fish and chips).  Saturday and Sunday we mostly just wondered around the city to various shops and markets and went out to various lunch and dinner venues. Finally, on Monday I went in to the office while Em was at school and then had a fairly big last night in town with some friends of Emily's.  Hope everything's been going well with you and that the move into your new place was a success.  I'll keep checking for great fares out to SD...I'd love to meet your roommate and all of your other friends I feel as though I know now.  Susan  PS - I think you're right about the California men.  I am currently in contact with about three of them and they all have issues.  Although, I still think Ted takes the cake. 
 Jeremy,  I saved the file so that the tab you open it up on is Larry's Gas Daily Option model. 
 Em, you know I'm in on this one.  It's been far too long since we've had a true NB weekend.  Unfortunately (although not surprisingly) it appears our erstwhile friend Alan will claim any excuse, no matter how unappealing, to avoid singing show tunes around the camp fire - your voice will be missed. For the rest of you guys, I hope we can muster a good turn-out as I am in desperate need of over analysis in regards to the problems of the world as well as ourselves whilst in a drunken stupor.  Nobody does it better...  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey guys,  Well I'm back home in Houston looking out at our lovely skyline (okay, maybe it's not that lovely but it is sunny here).  Anyway, I'm so glad I got the chance to see all of you while I was in London.  It seemed as though all of you are really enjoying your time in the UK - which is good to hear given the fact I'm hoping to make it over there myself.  Hope the approaching close to 2000 finds everyone in good spirits.  Cheers, Susan 
 Hey Darren,  Just wanted to say thanks again for including Em and I in the outing Friday night and joining us for dinner Monday.  Hope things with work are going well and that you're managing to reinvent the wheel without too many problems.  Cheers, Susan   "The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn 
 Ashley,  I am so sorry we never managed to meet up while I was in London.  Emily and I spent all day Sunday gallivanting around the city to the markets, etc. and Monday I ended-up spending a lot longer than I planned at the office.  On the bright side, I was able to have an impromptu interview and meet quite a few people while I was there.  I'm hoping to be over there and gainfully employed by early next spring.  Hope things are well with you and the next trip I make over there we will definitely get together.  Susan 
 Trip was excellent.  I took pictures, but most of them where taken inside pubs so who knows how they'll turn out.  I definitely thought about you and how much you would love the area Emily's living in (very upscale, English and proper).  I also had an impromptu interview thanks to Dave Oliver so we'll see.  I will talk to you more later as I am in the thick of calcing and am suffering a bit of jet lag.  Susan 
 Hey girls,  I'm back from London (the trip was incredible) and would love to see all of you this Thursday.  I hope we can all make it.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Deal #Q15463 has been rebooked in TAGG.  Let me know if either of you need anything else.  Thanks, Susan 
 Drew, what is BNSF? 
 Here you go Cynthia.  I feel pretty confident that everything is correct this month.  However, I'm sure I'm being overly optimistic on that front so call or email me with any changes. 
 Hey guys,  Just wanted to drop a line and let you know that I'm going to be visiting London over the next 5 days or so.  I'm planning on swinging by the offices Monday morning to see everyone and just wanted to foreworn you all. Hopefully, I'll get a chance to see you then.  Susan  If anyone wants to get a hold of me you can leave a message on my friend Emily's phone 020 7243 5453. 
 Lexi,  I completely forgot to turn in my expense report from last months recruiting trip.  Things around here have been absolutely crazy, as I'm sure they have been for you.  In addition to the attached file below I am forwarding the hard copy to your office.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help with the process.    Thanks, Susan 
 > > > Subject: Venus and Mars > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >>Her story vs. his story > > > >> > > > >>HER STORY: > > > >> > > > >>He was in an odd mood when I got to the bar, I thought it might > > > >>have been because I was a bit late but he didn't say anything > > > >>much about it. The conversation was quite slow going so I > > > >>thought we should go off somewhere more intimate so we could > > > >>talk more privately. So we went to this restaurant and he's > > > >>STILL acting a bit funny and I'm trying to cheer him up and > > > >>start to wonder whether it's me or something else. > > > >> > > > >>I ask him, and he says no. But you know I'm not really sure. > > > >>So anyway, in the cab back to his house, I say that I love him > > > >>and he just puts his arm around me. I don't know what the hell > > > >>this means because you know he doesn't say it back or anything. > > > >>We finally get back to his place and I'm wondering if he's > > > >>going to dump me! > > > >> > > > >>  So I try to ask him about it but he just switches on the TV. > > > >>  Reluctantly, I say I'm going to go to sleep. Then, after about > > > >>  10 minutes, he joins me and we have sex. But, he still seemed > > > >>  really distracted, so afterwards I just wanted to leave. > > > >>  I dunno, I just don't know, what he thinks anymore. I mean, > > > >>  do you think he's met someone else? > > > >> > > > >> > > > >> > > > >>HIS STORY: > > > >> > > > >>Lousy day at work. Tired. Got laid though. > > > > > > > > > 
 Here's the address for you. 
 Agustin,  I haven't booked the origination we talked about yet because I wanted to get an exact number from you first.  If you could send me an email with the correct origination amount I can book it tonight.  The deal was with General de Cermica for 11,000/month 10/1/00 - 03/31/0.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey,  Thanks for the well wishes.  I don't actually leave until Thursday, but I am VERY ready and equally excited.  I ended up meeting Ted for dinner Thursday to "chat".  He definitely doesn't deserve the title of Wonder Boy.  Anyway, I'll forward you the email I sent Emily regarding the evening in question. Hope everything's good with you.  Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled it just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh) 
 I am very excited about my trip to London.  For one thing I get to visit Emily, but at this point more importantly I don't have to think about work for 6 days straight.  You guys are going to have a great trip to China and I say if you find a rug that you really like (i.e. you're not just getting one because you think you should) you should definitely get it.  Just think what a great conversation piece it would make over the years.  And don't worry about my appetite for travel getting spoiled...that is impossible.  I can't wait to see you guys.  I think that you being in Korea and Emily being in London has made this whole Ted situation that much harder to deal with.  I've realized how much I appreciate y'alls insights now that they aren't as easy to get.  Love ya, Susan 
 Do you know where the Texas Exes watch the games in London?  It might be kind of fun to watch the OU game somewhere...even if just for a bit of it.  Just a thought. 
 I always forget what the time difference is so I thought I might be able to catch you "real time."  I went to the game Saturday with Travis, Corey, Mike and a friend of his. Kathy was getting her certification for spinning classes and thus I was given the responsibility of baby-sitting Corey and Travis.  Anyway, Trav's pledge class had a reunion at the house after the game and I think it may have single-handedly cured me of wanting men in their early thirties.  The single guys from their class are definitely still single for a reason.  Also, you've gotta tell Chuck that Kinzer's date for the game was a year younger than me (although I will say, after meeting her, you would've thought she was much younger).  I think 27-28 may be a better range.  Old enough to know who they are and what they want, but still young enough to explain their unattached status on career focus.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hey girl!  Thanks for the book and the CD.  I lazed around the house enjoying both yesterday morning.  After we played tennis, Bill took me to Berryhill for fish tacos (al fresco) and later that evening we went to yet another Christmas party, where I drank champagne (but luckily not too much).  So it was a good birthday. Have a good day! 
 Spoke with Steve about the swap question.  He wants to talk with you about this before circling back to Knippa.  If you don't hear from him, and want to call him, his # is 281-350-8441.  Re. TW's exposure if we authorize ECS to lock in too early:  If TW defaults under the CSA, it must hold ECS harmless with regard to expenses incurred by ECS in the assignment of the electric supply agreement and pay ECS whatever is owed under the agreement.  No other specific damages are addressed, and the agreement specifically prohibits the recovery of consequential, incidental or indirect losses or damages.  (Section 9.2 provides for reimbursement for ECS's reasonable costs in providing Compression Services, but only in the event TW uses its FERC out.)  The Gas Conversion Agreement provides for termination of the agreement in the event of default by TW under the CSA, and obligates TW to reimburse ECS for ECS's costs and expenses incurred in unwinding the forward sale of natural gas volumes to be delivered to ECS under the agreement.  Other questions -- let  me know. 
 Sorry I never called yesterday...I had turned my phone off and didn't realize you'd called until last night.  I'm still at work right now and therefore am extremely tired.  Hope you got everything you needed to accomplished this weekend.  I had a good time at the game and, thanks to Travis's pledge class reunion, have come to the conclusion that 27-28 is a better age range for me.  There young enough to excuse being single due to career focus and still old enough to know who they are and what they want.  Some critical things happen in those 3-5 years from a man's late twenties to early thirties that can expose so many "issues" (examples of which I got to see several of on Saturday).  Talk to you soon, Susan  Are you and Doug going to OU? 
 Hey,  It's 8:30 and I'm still at work.  Did I mention I really need this vacation? Anyway, I have a couple of questions for you.  Is there anything special you'd like me to bring over (that your Mom isn't getting for you).  I talked to your Mom yesterday and she mentioned a craving for Turkey Jerky.  If you want me to bring some over just let me know where to buy it.  Also, do you have any predictions for the weather.  I'm planning on bringing the following - jeans, sweatshirt, black pants & skirt, black cardigan, "rain coat" (I put it in quotes b/c I know mine won't be official), some "go out" close, running shoes, heels, and boots, 2 sweaters, varying tops, and a pair of shorts.  I always end up over-packing, but I'm really going to try to pare down.  I'm assuming you have a blow-dryer so I can leave mine at home.  I talked to Darren today and he said Friday sounded good...and, I sent an email to Nick so hopefully it will work for him as well.  I also emailed Jessica's friend Ashley who's living over there and she wanted to get together maybe for lunch or something over the weekend.  I've been checking out the Tube Maps on the Web and don't think I should have much of a problem getting to your place.  I assume I'm going to want to get off at the Holland Park tube stop.  Should be a piece of cake, right?  Any bright ideas of how to get your extra set of keys to me Friday morning? I guess there isn't really anywhere for you to hide them around your flat (i.e. under the doormat or over the door frame?).  See you soon, Susan  - I may have to pump Darren for a little bit of info Friday night (subtly of course)...Like did he know that I didn't know about Ted's "past" - maybe you can find out why the marriage ended. 
 Shelly,  Is there any way you could give me a little more information regarding the times of the presentations for each of the respective schools.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey Ashley,  Just thought I'd drop you a line to let you know that I will be in London this Friday through next Tuesday.  I'm visiting a friend of mine who is attending Sotheby's graduate program.  I know it's short notice, but I would love to see you at some point while I'm over there.  If you get a chance email me back and let me know if you're free any of those days and how I can get a hold of you while I'm over there.  Hope all is well.  Susan 
 Everything goes O.K.  I met with Ted last week for dinner Thursday night...it was VERY enlightening.  I'll forward you the email I sent to my sister-in-law (it sums everything up pretty well).  Let me know if you want to grab coffee, a drink, etc. tonight or tomorrow night - although I think you've got NCL tomorrow.  Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual "talking" occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated quite a bit) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still really enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that...not very healthy for me)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled just it as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life that he has not completely dealt with yet, and might never deal with completely)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh)  Talk to you soon, Jen. 
 I think an original tasters gathering is a great idea...unfortunately, I'm going to be out of town Thursday (I'm visiting my friend Emily in London and I have to admit I am very excited).  If you guys do end up going have a great time.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 So I met him for dinner Thursday night.  Nothing was discussed until we were about to leave and I couldn't hold my tongue any longer.  Turns out he was married before and may have some issues (pretty big ones in my opinion - case in point, he's been divorced three years and, by his own admission, has dated quite a bit in the interim but nothing that has lasted longer than 2 mos. - sounds like a pattern to me).  We'll talk more later, sscott5 
 Hey Darren,  I wanted to try and touch and base with you before my arrival in London.  I talked to Emily late last week and she seemed to think Friday night was a good night to try and get together.  I know you have a bunch of people that are going to be in London this weekend, but maybe we could just make it one big group outing.  Get back to me when you get a chance and we'll try and set something up.  Susan 
 No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me. I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual. Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped? I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).  I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight (Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.  Susan 
 Here's my request for rehearing so far.  The marketing folks are helping me with our competitive harm argument and will, I hope, come up with something plausible.  In the meantime, I would appreciate your comments. 
 No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me. I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.  Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?  I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).  I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight (Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.  Susan 
 No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me. I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.  Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?  I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).  I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight (Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled it just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh) 
 Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics...  - There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things just fade out" - There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still don't - Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married) - Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say issues? - He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one) - I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of things in the beginning - I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc.) I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed. - He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)  So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My dignity (I handled just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)  Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll talk to you soon.  Susan  By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and maybe just a little harsh) 
 Mine: For September 28: An agreement or legal matter improves today. You are able to reach an understanding in a previously tense affair. Do your best to maintain peace and tranquility, instead of giving into resentment or suspicion. Behind the scenes finagling will be required to keep others on track and out of trouble. Batten down the hatches during late afternoon and evening, and don't let any important info get into the wrong hands. Someone may place their trust or future in your custody. Make them glad they did. Find weekly and monthly horoscopes  His: For September 28: Something you already own or have access to provides even more satisfaction and enrichment. Take advantage of this opportunity. Squeeze every drop of juice out of a cosmic orange. You never lost this chance, but may have temporarily misplaced it. You could be sitting on a virgin diamond mine. Dig a little deeper. Later today, you and a partner or advisor may clash. Don't slam the door on existing relationships, no matter how trying things get. FYI: No bridges should be burnt today. Find weekly and monthly horoscopes 
 Just talked to him around 6:15 (don't know exactly how to take that)...he was pretty "jokey"...we'll probably get together tomorrow night...found out he has bought himself a pair of boots (ostrich - I don't think he's earned ostrich)...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out.  Sue  - - There is a God and he likes me =>  Someone tricked Ted into eating fried cow testicles in Amarillo (he still sounded shaken up over the incident). It's all about Karma. 
 Just talked to him...was pretty jovial...will probably get together tomorrow night...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out. 
 Agustin,  I have booked the trades below into the ENA system.  The deal numbers are as follows.  Industrias Derivadas del Etileno  Q15730 (legs 1 & 2) Poliestireno y Derivados  Q15730 (legs 3 & 4) Sintesis Organicas   Q15730 (legs 5 & 6)  Susan 
 Alas, there is no point to steak night without Kori or myself.  There is good cause for your lack of enthusiasm.  Tomorrow morning sounds good to me for a coffee/steamed almond milk break. How 'bout we shoot for around 9:30 (although I can do earlier or later if need be).  Let me know.  As for the week after next, anything from Wednesday night on will work for me.  I am in full agreement with you regarding a "solid dinner" (of limited attendance of course).  See you tomorrow,  Susan  - - Funny thing, Ben called earlier to see if I wanted to go grab lunch with him (Does he think I'm in a vulnerable/weakened state due to the Ted situation?  Well, he's wrong.) 
 Yes, we still do the steak night thing, but I will be unable to attend this evening (dinner with the traders, oh la la!).  You may want to talk to bfree and see if he or Economou are planning on an outing.  So when are we going to have a chance to chat?  Suz 
 Approved. 
 Agustin,  I just faxed a copy of the ticket to you.  Please let me know if it transmitted properly.  Also, the deal number is Q15463.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Susan 
 You forget that I also studied French, mon amie.  I may not be able to write it any more, but I can still read it.  Susan 
 Aquarius: The conjunction between the Sun and Moon is a wonderful symbol of togetherness and unity. You may have been feeling distinctly out of sorts lately with your partner, and are sorely in need of some tender loving care. Perhaps you both need to make the effort to be nice to each other. I mean really nice, not just pretending. See now, isn't that a lot better! There's mileage in this one yet. 
 I think this is for you. 
 Part of me is tempted to do the "taste of your own medicine" thing, but I was really disappointed that he took that approach (in this case I think email is very cowardly) and don't believe two wrongs make a right.  I insist on taking the high road in this situation no matter how tempting it might be to teach him a lesson.  Susan 
 I haven't done anything as of yet.  I just really didn't feel like responding to him on Friday (I was still pretty floored by the whole thing) and since he's out of town till tonight I spent yesterday and today figuring out what I want to do.  I've decided the following...I'm going to give him a call tonight and agree to meet for a drink/chat.  I completely agree with you about regretting the things you don't do more than the things you do - besides I'm dying of curiosity about what he could possibly have to say.  Anyway, I want to try and do it tomorrow night so that I can quite turning it over and over in my head (I am absolutely sick of thinking about it).  I think it will be hard for me to be anything but distant talking to him because, regardless of his reasons, he definitely wasn't very considerate over the last few weeks.  Wish me luck! (Problem is I'm not sure what I really want the outcome to be).  Susan 
 Julie,  Just wanted to check and see if you had received my last two emails.  If so, I'd love to know what you think about the whole situation.  If not, let me know and I will resend the emails.  Susan 
 What's the word man?  I haven't heard a peep from you all day (even though I know you've seen Ben and called Kori...I'm hurt)  sscott5 
 FYI - Gary P. Nunn is going to be playing New Year's Eve at Gruene Hall.  On the Ted front...It's Tuesday afternoon and I haven't contacted him yet. I'm planning on calling him at home early this evening and telling him that "a beer and a chat sound like a good idea, how about tomorrow night?".  I will be requesting that he either call me at home tonight if he gets in early enough or tomorrow at work.  This should all prove very interesting.  Susan 
 Gary,  Just wanted to check and see how things were going for you on 44.  Hopefully you are now in possession of a phone.  If so give me a call, I would really like to get together for a cup of coffee or just a few minutes to enjoy the lovely weather outside.  sscott5  - I'm confident Keri and Caroline are well. 
 Lindy -- I'm working on a checklist. There were just a couple of issues arising from the discussions with market services, weren't there? One having to do with whether we want to change our 68 A to reflect FTS-1 and FTS-3 in same bucket -- I'm leaning towards not changing since the language is already general enough to cover us there. The other issue had to do with issuing the OFO if EFBH does not show up in the last cycle.  I do not believe any changes are necessary there either. The tariff language as it's currently written says we "shall" issue an OFO, and we would, but an OFO issued in the last cycle would simply be a formality and the EFBH shipper would have no choice but to pay the penalty. If you see any roadblocks on these 2 tariff sheets (27A and 68A), or if there are any other issues we need to address, let me know.  Also, if you want to sit down and go thru my checklist together sometime tomorrow, or even later this afternoon, I'm available. Thanks! S. 
 Sorry for the delayed response to your email, but 10-11 a.m. this morning will work for me.  Just let me know the location.  Thanks, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 HOROSCOPE:     Weekly   -    His  For September 25-October 1: Instead of wishing things were different, or woefully mourning the past, build a new beginning. It's pointless to bemoan recent changes or languish over disappointments. You cannot change the past. You cannot change people's minds, either. Face your situation and create something wonderful. The longer you fuss about what 'should have been', the more likely it is that important opportunities will drift by unnoticed. Cancer, it is time for change. Release frustrations and troubling memories. Move on, Crab. . . move on.   Mine for today  Quickly get past a troubling misunderstanding Once you've released toxic feelings, the atmosphere visibly improves, much to your pleasure. You're able to replace fear and resentment with compassion and understanding. Once you know the score, you no longer feel threatened or disrespected. Keep revenge out of this entire episode. 'Teaching someone a lesson' is not appropriate. 
 Greg,  Sorry it took me so long to get this to you ( the perils of bid-week).    Call me if you need anything else.  Susan 
 Sorry I didn't respond very promptly to your last email.  Things have been very emotionally draining for me around here.  I'm going to forward some of my recent email communications to catch you up on the issue.  After you've had a chance to take in the situation I would really love to hear your opinion.  Call or email with any insights.  Susan 
 I tell ya Mo, it's weird.  HOROSCOPE:      Weekly    For September 25-October 1: Better communication is indicated this week. Issues that have bogged you down are effectively addressed. Don't get up and leave until you get every answer you need. Be direct and honest, without losing your temper. Even if others misbehave, continue pursuing what you believe is right. An agreement is either out of balance or no longer desirable. You CAN make improvements to existing paperwork, contracts, and agreements -- as long as you remain friendly, respectful, and well-prepared. There can be no hostility on your end, or negotiations will break down.      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Em,  So, of course, I spent this whole past weekend trying to figure out how I want to handle this "situation".  Basically I've decided the following: 1.  I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat (I'm going to suggest Molina's - I think it's a good location, public enough & private enough) 2.  I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy. 3.  I will let him do the talking (I mean he's the one that wants to have a chat so he must have something to say)...at least to begin with 4.  I will NOT be a push-over  Well, what do you think?  Any suggestions/recommendations?  I am very new to this whole relationship discussion thing.  More importantly, do you think there is ANYTHING he could say/do that would or should allow him a second chance?  Right now I don't know if there is, but unlike you (and you know this about me) I do believe in second chances.  That does not mean that a second chance is a given in this situation.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Susan  - - I just know I would always regret not meeting with him Em.  This is a chance for me to prove that I can handle myself with maturity and dignity even with my emotions on the line.  I think ultimately, regardless of the outcome, it will make me a stronger person.  By the way,  we will definitely cover the past relationships during this chat, that is a given.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Mom said she was keeping you up to date on everything.  So, of course, I spent the whole weekend trying to figure out how I want to handle this "situation".  Basically I've decided the following: 1.  I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat (I'm going to suggest Molina's - I think it's a good location, public enough & private enough) 2.  I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy. 3.  I will let him do the talking (I mean he's the one that wants to have a chat so he must have something to say)...at least to begin with 4.  I will NOT be a push-over (it's not in my character anyway)  Well, what do you think?  Any suggestions/recommendations?  I am very new to this whole relationship discussion thing.  Most importantly, do you think there is anything he could say/do that would or should allow him a second chance?  Right now I don't know if there is.  Susan  PS - I think I'm going to come over with Mom and Dad now in November.  I've been checking out airfare recently, ouch!  Anyway, I think were shooting for Nov. 9-14.  Talk to you soon.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey,  If you want to email me back before Monday, you can email me at susan_m_scott@hotmail.com  That way I can read your reaction even though I won't be at work.  Talk to you soon,  Sue 
 I am refraining from responding to this until I have had time to ponder things this weekend. 
 It's kind of funny, everybody has the same feeling about the "Ted situation" - utter disappointment.  But yes, it is definitely his loss.  And, I loved the fact that Kevin (his friend) spent so much time talking to my Dad because that had to make Ted feel like a complete jerk (which he is).  I'm am very excited about my trip to London.  The other guy I mentioned in the email, Darren, is going to be working over there for a few months so I'll get to see him there as well.  Plus, in November I'm going to visit my brother and his wife in South Korea which should be interesting.  The globe trotting continues.  Your weekend sounds like it's going to be pretty fun.  I wish I could be there as well, but it is football season so I will be in Austin this weekend.  I've signed up for all these internet airfare specials though, so if some great fares come up for Houston to San Diego I can take advantage of them.  Talk to you soon.  Susan  - - Deep down I think I knew there was something wrong with him.  I think that's why I never pressed about the past relationships thing (you know, afraid of what I might find out). 
 My several hours of on-line research on this last Sept. turned up nothing on point.  The only case that even addressed the issue of confidentiality of contracts in a certificate context was one I'll excerpt here:  ** In Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline, L.L.C., 80 FERC P 61,346 (1997), Maritimes requested confidentiality for the precedent agreements it submitted. Commission staff denied the blanket request, but indicated that Maritimes could request that specific provisions be kept confidential. Maritimes subsequently requested that the contract terms and various cut-off dates [FN29] in the precedent agreements be kept confidential because such information was commercially sensitive. On the other hand, Maritimes requested that the terms and conditions of the backstop agreements be kept confidential, but was willing to make the contract terms of 10 and 20 years public. Generally, the Commission will deny blanket requests for confidentiality of agreements that are submitted to demonstrate market support for new facilities. [FN30] However, in the instance case, the contract terms of the backstop agreements are public and, thus, evidence of longterm subscriptions for Maritimes proposal are in the public record and support our finding that Maritimes has demonstrated a market for its proposed services. Therefore, we find no compelling reason to require the length of the terms of the other precedent agreements or the cut-off dates to be made public.  FN29 Cut off dates refer to points in time when individual contracts could terminate contingent on the occurrence of certain events.  FN30 See, e.g., Colorado Interstate Gas Company, 76 FERC P 61,291 (1996). **  In Amoco Production Company and Amoco Energy Trading Company V. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, 82 FERC P 61,037 (1998), which involved a request for confidentiality of a gas sales agreement, the Commission explained why a gas sales agreement should be given confidential treatment but transportation contracts should not:  the Commission has explicitly held that gas transportation rates stand on a different footing from gas sales rates because pipelines and their competitors are subject to similar disclosure requirements. In ANR Pipeline Co., the Commission explained that unlike gas sales in a competitive market, transportation of natural gas is still regulated under the assumption that the pipeline exercises market power. Even where transportation competition exists, that competition is from other pipelines that are likely to be subject to similar filing and reporting requirements.  There were several cases denying confidential treatment of rates in the context of Section 4 cases.  Just to make sure I found everything, I'll do some follow up sometime in the next few days and let you know if I find anything. 
 Corey,  Here's an update, I sent this to Emily earlier today.  Let me know about this weekend (i.e. the game, tomorrow night, etc. etc.)  Susan 
 In an effort to save a little time I'm forwarding you the email I just sent my friend Emily in London.  Get back to me if you would like me to expound on anything.  Turns out he's a real jerk.  Susan 
 I'm soooo good.  The chosen path was cool, indifference.  So, last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a really good showing.  I got there about 7:30 with Nick, and the group's size swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00.  About 8:00 I saw Kevin (Ted's pal - the one you meet a steak night) wandering around LW's obviously in search of someone.  Can you believe it?  He (Ted) knew I had organized this gathering - I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance (mind you Ted was not in the email distribution) - and he had the nerve to come.  Anyway, Kevin saw me and came over to chat.  He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there shortly" to which I responded, "You would know better than me at this point".  The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again. He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms, etc.  I said there really weren't any terms, I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 weeks.  Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head and cause a big scene.  When I said no, I think he was genuinely disappointed.  I said in order for me to do something like that I would have to care about the "loss" and that, while a week or two earlier I might have cared a bit more, with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like much of a loss.  Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted.  To go even further, he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends".  He said that while he thought Ted was a great guy (i.e. fun to be around, good stories, etc.) he wasn't good dating material.  I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy, he just makes a lousy man" (don't you like that one?).  I then went on to say "Anyway, I'm destined for bigger and better things, right?".  Kevin: "Much bigger and much better."  About this time my parents showed up...the plot thickens.  I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about.  The two of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when "dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up.  He approaches our group because he sees Kevin and is forced to make eye-contact with me.  I give him a "hey" and he gives me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?".  He asked what Kevin and my Dad were talking about, I told him the Navy, he said don't get Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away.  He never acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the evening.  The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for quite a while before going to join Ted.  My parents and I ate our steaks right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table when we were finished.  It really was a great night.  I would almost say I was glowing (I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time).  So, when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to say good-bye to Kevin.  It was awesome.  Ted's sitting right next to Kevin while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in his chair.  Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even make eye-contact.  I ended up staying there for at least another hour and then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House.  Needless to say I was very hung over today.  Anyway, there's the story...He's a complete and utter ass-hole.  So I'm done.  And no, there is no way he could weasel his way back in to my good graces.  Now on to a fun subject, my trip to London.  I bought my ticket today ( I think I got hosed a little bit, but it was the cheapest ticket I could find - $450 before taxes).  I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m. Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th.  I'm very excited about the trip, I really need to get out of Houston.  I leave the activities in your capable hands.  ( bear in mind I will have to see Darren and Nick at some point).  "Single again" Sue 
 What time are you heading out today? 
 Hey Wilson,  Steak night is on...And, yes Darren really did give me your keys and I've already handed them off to Ben.  Also, you'll be interested to know that my parents might make it tonight for a little while so you may get to meet them.  See you tonight.  Susan 
 Already done.  Susan 
 Thanks for the advice/humor.  I'm feeling much better today.  I knew yesterday was going to be pretty rough and not much fun as his communication or lack thereof would speak volumes.  (And his silence definitely said a lot)  Everyone's pretty much on the same page as far as their disappointment in said individual goes.  I think we all expected a little bit more out of him. Oh well, so I'm single again.  Just think how incredible it'll be when I find someone I feel even more for than Ted (at least that's what I'm focusing on).  So do we know if Pat Fitzgerald is single?  Anyway, I've found I'm not that attracted to cowards (which is exactly the catagory I'd put Ted in right now).  Hope everything's good with you (especially the firm recruiting).  I'm coming up this weekend for the game - hopefully Friday night - and wanted to see if you and Doug wanted to go out either Friday night or after the game Saturday.  I hope you guys are planning on going to the game because I'd love to sit with you.  Talk to you soon, Susan  PS - Check out the list of individuals for our girls night out the Thurs...I don't think I'm going to go (I don't have enough time to waste on people I'm not that fond of)  "'MATTOSO, ANGELA '" <Amattoso@mdck.com>, "''Ashleastu@aol.com' '" <Ashleastu@aol.com>, "'sarah_c_buck@hotmail.com '" <sarah_c_buck@hotmail.com>, Julianna Grisham <Julianna.Grisham@Halliburton.com>, "'rebeccacooke@hotmail.com '" <rebeccacooke@hotmail.com>, "'jkbowles@hotmail.com '" <jkbowles@hotmail.com>, "'Susan.M.Scott@enron.com '" <Susan.M.Scott@enron.com>, "'ashley.craddock@ac.com '" <ashley.craddock@ac.com>, "'Lauren.Delorenzo@newboston.com '" <Lauren.Delorenzo@newboston.com>, "'Lisa.A.Meador@chase.com '" <Lisa.A.Meador@chase.com>, "'JPATERSO@houstonisd.org '" <JPATERSO@houstonisd.org>, "'JPATERSON@houstonisd.org '" <JPATERSON@houstonisd.org>, "'jesspat@excite.com '" <jesspat@excite.com>, "'CFain@questia.com '" <CFain@questia.com>, "'kendle.r.ege@us.arthurandersen.com '" <kendle.r.ege@us.arthurandersen.com>, "'kimflack@yahoo.com '" <kimflack@yahoo.com>, "'Brenna.l.boyd@us.arthurandersen.com '" <Brenna.l.boyd@us.arthurandersen.com> 
 yo, I know.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I have confirmations from Ben, Sunil, and Rudi.  Is there anyone else I left off the email?  Talk to you soon,  Susan  - - You'll have to come up and visit 32 at some point. 
 Here is a draft of the compliance filing regarding our operational control agreement with ECS.  Please let me know your comments by C.O.B. tomorrow.  At this point I'm not planning to file the agreement, just a report as requested by the Commission.  I'm still working with ECS to finalize the agreement.  Their attorney is checking with his resident experts to make sure ECS, by expressly giving TW Operational Control, does not somehow cross the line into retail wheeling.  I do not expect the agreement to change significantly. 
 Here are the email addresses again.  I'll shoot you off an email before I come over...hopefully, by that time you'll be somewhat settled and have a phone number where you can be reached.  Or, I may just see you at the office.  I have to pay a visit as there are a several people working over there now that I used to work with here (plus, I may try to set up a few interviews).  katyhester@hotmail.com ehillegeist@hotmail.com  Susan 
 "The only things I need from anyone is love and respect and anyone who can't give me that has no place in my life" 
 Be prepared...this one's a downer, but oh so true.  Email me and let me know @ what time you think you're going to try and call so I'll be sure to stay at my desk.  Sue 
 That actually made me cry.  Susan 
 Hey Corey,  So he's back in town now...The question is what do I do about that?  Should I:  A) Completey ignore him and pretend like there was never anything between us or B) Call him out and confront him with his own cowardess.  I am completely torn on the issue and have actually felt physically ill over the situation the last two days.  Help!!!  Susan 
 Okay gang, it's time to rally the troops.  Evidently last week wasn't good for any of us to get together at our local watering hole (a.k.a Little Woodrow's)...but, I'm hoping the story is a little different this week.  Our own Nick Stephan is back in H-town for the week and has made a special request for a full-fledged "Steak Night" (that means good attendance).  Not that I ever need an excuse to enjoy good company, steak, beer, etc. at LW's, but if I did I could think of few better reasons than a visiting ex-pat. Besides, given the absolutely beautiful weather we are currently enjoying, the picnic tables and deck are beckoning.  I'm going to set a tentative meeting time of 7:30 p.m. this Wednesday...get back to me at your convenience and let me know if we should stick with that time or not.  Hope everyone had a relaxing weekend and is having a good Monday (isn't that an oxymoron?).  Susan  "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading."  - Henny Youngman 
 Hey,  Try lgillet@enron.com for Lisa's email address.  Glad to hear you're in the new pad...in the interest of saving $$$ I will probably take you up on the futon offer.  Well, it's Monday and I'm assuming Ted's back in town (not that I've heard a peep out of him).  I'm very much at a cross-roads with the situation.  On the one hand, I want to be unaffected and aloof and on the other hand I don't want to make this that easy for him.  I think I deserve more that just being swept under the rug.  So, my debate becomes - Do I just let this thing go all together OR do I try and get some resolution?  I would love to get a call from you hear at work.  The best time for me is probably before 11:30 or after 12:30 Houston time.  Talk to you soon, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Just to forewarn you two, it looks like Darren (Ted's buddy) is going to be in London for a few months working on a project.  When I mentioned you two were both over there right now he asked me for your email addresses.  No pressure for you guys to do anything with him, but I do like the guy and think when I come over we will definitely have to do something with him (and Nick too of course...maybe the same night, that whole "kill two birds with one stone concept").  Sue  Side-note:  I'm am dying of curiosity as to why Darren is going to London for a project and Ted is trading corn here.  Maybe I'll find out before Darren leaves. Who knows, maybe if you all see Darren over there you can find out what the heck happened with our once so promising Mr. Noble. 
 Do tell, Do tell.  Darren,  What's the word?  So when do you head over to London and what pray-tell will you be doing over there.  I'm planning on going to visit Em and Katy around the first weekend of October (sometime between the 4th and 10th), if you're going to be over there we need to all go out.  I don't remember if we ever talked about it or not, but I may try to do my third rotation there...the horror, Em and me set loose upon the unsuspecting citizens of London. Anyway, I'm assuming congratulations are in order, so congrats on the new assignment.  Here are Katy and Emily's email addresses.  I don't have phone #'s, etc. as of yet but I could get them for you if you'd like.  I'll be sure to shoot off an email to both of them to let them know you're going to be over there.  katyhester@hotmail.com ehillegeist@hotmail.com  Susan  PS - We will definitely be doing Steak Night next week if you have any interest...a guy who used to work in Ben's old group (and is now trading credit derivatives in London...see how I'm hooking you up with all these connections) will be in town and is dying to go have steak and beer. Besides, it would be wrong for you to leave the country without a proper send-off from Little Woodrow's (Now I going to owe you a Bon Voyage beer as well as a birthday beer). 
 Steve and Frank, I would be very interested in your comments on the attached. 
 So who's up for doing something that Friday night?  I'll probably be in Austin Saturday for the football game, but am definitely interested in getting together with everyone.  Obviously this is planning WAY in advance for this group so we can revisit the topic when Wilson's arrival is a little bit closer.  Talk to y'all then.  Susan  * Darren - Please tell me you have Wilson's keys...Margaret and I would be eternally grateful. 
 Hey, evidently I'm not the only one slacking on the emails - That means you Em.  Quick update:  I may try to come over Oct 5 - 10 instead of the 4 - 9 so that I can at least spend a little time with Katy.  How will that work for y'all?  Sue  P.S. - Thought you'd like to know that I am doing well in regards to the Ted situation.  I'm actually kind of glad he took this week long vacation...that whole out-of-sight, out-of-mind theory really works. 
 Sunday at 1:00 is good with me as well.  Just name the place.  See you guys then. 
 These horoscopes can not possibly be speaking to every Aquarian out there. I'm convinced the author is someone I know...I would suggest it was my Mom, but her insight and advice would never be this good.  Aquarius For September 14: You have a knack for bringing people together and creating peace. Part of your success in waging peace is derived from a desire to let go of resentment and a bulging catalog of woe. You're sick and tired of feeling sick and tired, and look forward to a refreshing sensation of starting anew. Seriously consider hatching deferred dreams today. What's stopping you?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Cynthia,  I had to adjust the NGI-Socal index price in the spreadsheet which resulted in a loss of $264,000.  Attached is the corrected spreadsheet.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Susan 
 Hey Scott,  Hope you had a good time at the game this weekend, despite the heat.  I just wanted to see if you were still interested in trying to grab lunch this week.  If you do, just let me know what day and time work best for you.  Thanks, Susan 
 You crack me up...I absolutely loved the trading analogy (at times your insight is frighteningly dead on).  Don't worry about me though.  I will be patient and remain optimistic, despite let downs.  And, in no way, shape or form will I settle and end up with some dush.  You would have been proud of me though, for the first time I was really able to let down a lot of those walls and be a little more vulnerable.  I'm thrilled things are going so well with Shannon.  I think your attitude about the whole situation is extremely healthy and mature (it amazing what happens when you care more about the other person than yourself).  Talk to you soon,  Susan  * Be sure and let me know next time you're coming to Houston.  We'll go grab a drink and have a good talk. 
 Thanks for the email.  Your candid comments make me wish I was over there right now sitting in a pub with you and Katy drinking a pint.  I am in full agreement that guys suck and have discovered through this situation an area in which 23 does not differ from 31...cowardess (As my Dad so eloquently put it, "He's just chicken-shit").  So, the plan of attack for the time being is none.  I am not going to do anything (that means no emails, no phone calls, no nothing).  Of course it's a lot easier to say that knowing he's in an entirely different state vs. two floors down from me, so next week will be the true test.  You will be happy to know, however, that I do have a good support system in Monique.  She is a firm advocate of the "drop him and make him work should he happen to come crawling back" school.  You know what really kills me though is the thought that, yet again, I will ultimately be disappointed by someone I truly expected more out of (I keep thinking about all the times I said "I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop." - well, it dropped) .  Anyway, I've have decided to throw myself into work, books, exercise, etc. in a effort to distract my mind from other things - it's kind of working.  I'm really glad you are in enjoying things so much right now.  You have to email me back with more details regarding the new pad, like will there be enough room for me to crash there when I come to visit (if not, I'm sure Nick would put me up - scarey).  Also, I sent Katy an email about coming to visit so hopefully we can get everything squared away soon.  FYI:  The Longhorns beat Louisiana Lafayette 52-10 last Saturday (the game was fun, but extremely HOT!!!), it was a real nail biter. Talk to you soon,  Sue  *** Don't worry about me thinking any of this is in any way due to a shortcoming on my part.  I don't.  Rather, I am convinced he wasn't expecting the full package when we first went out and as soon as he realized that I was, he freaked.  I'm beginning to think it's more than just a coincidence that the last time we went out I let down one of the last walls I was holding up as far as trusting him and it was right after that that he started acting aloof. (Things that make you go hmmm.) 
 Here's what I propose to send to the parties on the 14th.  Take a look, and think about whether it would be wise to do more selling in the first paragraph.  I propose that we get on the agenda for the March 1 meeting so that we have some time to approach individual parties first.  With your permission, I will forward this to Mr. Dasovich also. 
 Hey Katy,  Sorry no correspondence in a while.  I wish it was a case of no news is good news, but if you've spoken with Em recently you know that is not so.  Anyway, I wanted to touch base with you regarding my visit to London.  I of course want to try and time it when both you and Em are in town.  So...I was thinking of flying out on Oct 4 and returning Oct 9, that way I would have a weekend over there with y'all.  I know you're planning a trip to Egypt around then so just get back to me and let me know if you'll actually be in London any of those days.  Hope all is well with you.  Talk to you soon,  Susan 
 Hey Darren,  Thanks for the prompt response.  Sorry you won't be able to make it, but I will definitely keep you posted regarding any future group outings (especially since I still owe you a beer).  Glad you liked the quote, it does provide a good chuckle.  If I'd have known you were going to be in London this week I would have forewarned Katy and Emily as they're both over there now as well - I assume you're there for work though and therefore a tad busy.  Anyway, hope you're having a good time and not working too hard...  Susan 
 ...okay, maybe it's not THAT good but it's cooked and the beer is plentiful.  Hey everyone,  Just wanted to test the waters and see what kind of interest there was in doing Steak Night tomorrow night at Little Woodrows.  I feel like it's been a while since we really rallied the troops and I know I have personally missed the interaction.  It's also been a while since we've attempted to solve the worlds problems over cold Shiner and I think the world may be the worse for it.  So, get back to me and let me know if anyone's up for an evening of eating, drinking and most definitely being merry.  If it looks like 'a go', I'll shoot everyone a follow-up email complete with ETA.  The one and only,  sscott5  "If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace for an hour, imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting started." 
 ...try not to get the juice in your eyes, it really stings  Well, I'm sure you've already heard through Mom...but I think things may be kaput with Ted.  I say "think" because he hasn't said anything one way or the other, it's just a vibe I have.  So I don't think you guys are going to have a chance to meet him while your in Houston.  Oh well, it was definitely fun while things were going well so I suppose I should focus on that.  I just want to know why guys can be such, as dad would say, chicken shits (excuse my language but the description fits).  But enough about me...So how are things with you guys.  I hope all is well and that you're taking full advantage of all the 'culture' surrounding you. We went to the first football game of the season Saturday (against Louisiana Lafayette).  Texas won 52-10, and you wouldn't know if from the score but the 1st quarter was a little bit scarey (0-10).  Simms started the game but only played about 2 series before they yanked him and put Applewhite in to put some points on the board.  Simms did come back in the second half and through a touch-down pass.  The family's good and we're all excited to see you guys in the near future.  Write back soon, Susan  ******** Humor is the best medicine.********  So I'm thinking of taking the T-shirt Ted gave me from Beaver Creek and writing this on the back of it...  I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy T-shirt.  Dont'cha love it? 
 I was wondering if you had fallen off the face of the earth...  It is definitely good to hear from you, I was just thinking about you today and wondering what you're up to.  Things in Houston are pretty good.  I went to San Diego over Labor Day weekend to visit a friend of mine there and just went to Austin this past weekend for the first UT football game (I know you're not a big fan but they are very fun).  As for work, all is well.  I'm actually going to meet with the development manager for the analyst program to discuss what my options are after this second rotation is up.  Of course my goal is to do a rotation in London for a year and then get promoted to the Associate program (so basically I'm going to ask this lady tomorrow what I need to do to ensure that outcome).  Honestly, I think my odds are pretty good.  Glad to hear everything with you is going so well, not that I'm surprised. Congrats on the new responsibilites they must be keeping you pretty busy up there (any trips scheduled to Houston in the near future?).  As for my social life...if you would of asked me a week or two ago I would have said fantastic, incredible, etc.  Now, I just don't know.  For the life of me I am never going to be able to figure out your gender.  But as they say, "Hope springs eternal" and I intend to remain an optimist despite many road blocks.  Talk to you soon, Susan 
 Hope your move into the new apartment went well.  I'm sure you are going  to have so much fun living there, especially since you really will have a roommate now.  Thought I'd give you a little bit of an update regarding Ted...  So I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday last week because I was in Austin Tuesday for that recruiting trip.  When I got in I of course immediately checked my email...nothing.  I also didn't have any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through.  Come Thursday afternoon, still no interaction...I am pissed.  About 2:00 p.m. he calls.  He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin...both trips were great.  We discuss UCLA and UT football for  a while...I of course get riled up.  He informs me that he is going to be trading corn (yes, you heard me corn) for Enron. While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his vacation time.  He said that he and Darren (the guy he works with) had been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week had pretty much just been one long meeting.  It is around this time that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed.  As a result, he's decided to get in his long visit home ASAP, i.e. "I'm leaving tomorrow (Friday) to go to California for a week."  I make sure I heard him correctly and yes he said leaving, tomorrow and  1 whole week (7 days) AND at no point does he ask to get together before he leaves.  So, that was Thursday.  I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group and, to my dismay, run in to him.  We exchange pleasantries, I ask him when he's leaving (5:00 p.m.), he informs me he is going to sleep for the entire week in an attempt to catch-up, I tell him to have fun and that's that.  Anyway, I was not able to get him out for a drink to find out what's going on and now I just have to wait.  Any thoughts?  Talk to you soon, Susan  ******** Humor is the best medicine.********  So I'm thinking of taking that T-shirt Ted gave me and writing this on the back of it...  I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy t-shirt.  Dont'cha love it? 
 I'm in.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 An incident with a love partner throws you for a loop, causing a bit of deja-vu. Dwelling on the past is wrong, wrong, wrong so don't! Time to concentrate on the bounty of the present, tender crab. 
 Cynthia,  All of the deals below have been rebooked except for the one in red.  For some reason I can't find the counterparty in the system.  You may want to check and see if it has been set up yet, if it has let me know the proper name (I may be looking for the wrong counterparty) and I will rebook it as well.  Thanks, Susan 
 Hey Em,  First things first, I got the personality test...very interesting.  I took it twice.  The first time I was a Mastermind (like Katy) and the second I was a Mentor (like Matt)  I think I only changed two answers between the first and second test.  Anyway, definitely a fun little intro to a rather boring Monday morning.  I was trying to remember where we left on in the saga of Ted Noble.  I guess the last time I had emailed you Ted had to spend the night at Darren's apartment because he'd left his keys in his locker at the Met.  Well, if you'll remember at the end of the email he said he'd talk to me later, which is extremely relevant considering he was supposed to tell me whether we could go get a drink that night or not.  I knew he had his presentation that day so I figured he'd call later that afternoon to tell me yeah or neah...I received no call, no email, no nothing.  Of course, always wanting to give others the benefit of the doubt I figured the presentation must have taken longer than expected and afterward he'd decided to just go to Austin and pick up his friend from the airport.  If that were the case, knowing Ted, I thought he must have just forgotten that he'd told me he'd call.  WRONG!!!!  Friday at work I had to go down to his floor (for legitimate reasons I swear) and he was there, the jerk.  He didn't see me though nor did he try communicate with me at all that day.  Flash forward to the next week.  I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday because I was in Austin Tuesday for a recruiting trip.  When I got in I of course immediately checked my email...nothing.  I also didn't have any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through.  So it's now Thursday afternoon, still no interaction...I am pissed.  About 2:00 p.m. he calls.  He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin...both trips were great.  We discuss UCLA and UT football for  a while...I of course get riled up.  He informs me that he is going to be trading corn (yes, you heard me corn) for Enron.  While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his vacation time.  He said that he and Darren had been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week had pretty much just been one long string of meetings.  It is around this point that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed.  As a result, he's decided to get in his long visit home ASAP, i.e. "I'm leaving tomorrow (Friday) to go to California for a week."  I make sure I heard him correctly and yes he said leaving, tomorrow and  1 whole week (7 days) AND at no point did he ask to get together before he left.  So, that was Thursday.  I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group and, to my dismay, run in to him.  We exchange pleasantries, I ask him when he's leaving, he informs me he is going to sleep for the entire week in an attempt to catch-up, I tell him to have fun and that's that.  So here we are, or rather here I am in Houston...alone.  Any thoughts?  On a brighter note, tell Katy I think I'm going to try and come Oct 4 - Oct 9 so that I can see both of you.  Also, I understand your dilemma regarding Claudia, but I definitely don't think you should look a gift horse in the mouth (if you know what I mean).  That first month after Katy leaves is going to be awkward so it's best to have someone there even if only to act as a crutch until you find your footing.  I'm sure Monique can testify to a little extra weight dealing with me since you and Matt both took off.  And speaking of Matt, no I haven't heard a thing from the turn-coat.  I need to shoot him an email and see how things are shaping up for him.  I'm willing to bet though that moving to Austin hasn't solved all of his problems...just transplanted to a prettier location.  Get back to me with anything...I'm desperate for positive energy.  Oh, and I'm going to try to meet with that Director friend of mine this week to talk about swinging a rotation in London (he has 75 employees over there that work for him right now), and I'm going to set up a meeting with the lady in charge of my rotations within the analyst program to make sure I'm doing everything I can to get over there and still get promoted.  Talk to you soon, Susan  ******** Humor is the best medicine.********  So I'm thinking of taking that t-shirt Ted gave me and writing this on the back of it...  I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy t-shirt.  Dont'cha love it? 
 The reservation charge reduction applicable to TW's failure to deliver gas under certain circumstances does NOT apply to either force majeure events or periods of unscheduled maintenance less than 10 days in any calendar quarter.  Unscheduled maintenance is defined as unanticipated or unplanned maintenance on the pipeline system required to be performed to ensure that gas continues to flow in months other than Dec., Jan., Feb., July and Aug.  Assuming we could even classify the proposed activity as "maintenance," I'm not sure we could get away with saying it was unanticipated or unplanned, as the Gallup expansion has been in the works for some time.  I am also not completely comfortable calling this "force majeure" because part of the tariff definition is that the event was not within the control of either party; however, since the definition does include "binding order of any court or governmental authority," we could possibly say this is force majeure if we're reducing the pressure in order to comply with a DOT pipeline safety rule.  (In that event, our notice on the EBB would be a force majeure notice.)  If not, we can argue that since this is not "maintenance," but simply being done to construct the expansion in a safe and prudent manner, the shippers' rights are not triggered under the reservation charge reduction provisions.  In that case, damages (if any) would have to be pursued under ordinary contract law.  I realize that this is not a very satisfactory answer; however, the outage is going to be relatively short, and no shipper in recent memory has availed itself of the reservation charge reduction.  I recommend we give shippers reasonable notice of the pressure reduction so that they can make alternate plans -- this will reduce the likelihood that they will feel revengeful.  Please call (x30596) or e-mail if you have further questions. 
 Cheryl,  The deal was done with one of the California Power Books.  We use the ECC/RISKMANTRA to book any deal with an Enron subsidiary...not just Canadian deals.  So, I don't think this deal has anything to do with the Canada office.  Let me know if you need more information.  Susan 
 Aquarius - Horoscope Friday, September 8, 2000 by Astronet.com  Powerful forces are at work to challenge you on a new level of association. Travel may be part of the new game plan. Investigate the possibility of a move to a new locale. You might consider a home away from home as well. This is the time to express a latent talent or learn a new technique in relation to investments. You may have to work out some conflicts in a relationship, however. Don't let hurt feelings prevent you from making a new start. 
 Gwen,  Dolores Muzzy gave me your name as a contact for information regarding the redesigned Analyst/Associate programs.  I am currently half-way through my second rotation with the Analyst program and was hoping to get a better idea of the different opportunities available to me upon completion of my current rotation.  Although six months seems like a fair amount of time to plan my next move, I know how quickly it will pass and do not want to find myself uncertain as to what action to take to insure that I am heading in the right direction to meet my current goals.  I would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and discuss the aforementioned topics at your earliest convenience.  If there is another individual you feel would be a better contact for me at this point I would be happy to meet with them as well.  Thank you,  Susan Scott 
 I think we have a winner.  Main Entry: cir?cu?i?tous  Pronunciation: (")s&r-'ky_-&-t&s Function: adjective Etymology: perhaps from Medieval Latin circuitosus, from Latin circuitus Date: 1664 1 : having a circular or winding course <a circuitous route> 2 : not being forthright or direct in language or action - cir?cu?i?tous?ly adverb - cir?cu?i?tous?ness noun   Also, you gotta love this quote:  Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)  Truer words have never been spoken.  Shorty 
 Dolores,  I was wondering who my best resource would be to talk to about the changes to the analyst program and how they affect me.  Specifically, I wanted to get some more information on the Third-Year Analyst Rotation and its requirements (as I am currently half-way through my second rotation), as well as the different tracks available within the program.  If you could direct to the proper individual(s) I would really appreciate it.  Thanks, Susan Scott 
 Thanks again for thinking of me.  Lunch next week sounds good.  Any day of the week is fine with me as long as we get started around 11:30.  Just let me know what day is best for you.  Susan 
 Lesli,  Deals are rebooked.  Susan 
 Scott,  Thanks for offering up your extra tickets to the game this weekend.  As it turns out, I don't think I'll be needing them - My sister has extra tickets next to she and my brother-in-law.  Hope you have a great time and maybe I'll see you at the game (although given the crowd I'm not going to count on it).  Susan  - - Looks like Saturday's going to be a balmy 90...better bring a sweater. 
 Here you go Cynthia...    Susan 
 Parties represented at an informal meeting after the February 7, 2000 prehearing conference discussed circulating redlined versions of the CAC settlement proposal as a point of departure for further settlement conferences.  Transwestern Pipeline Company submits the following comments in lieu of a redlined document.  Transwestern fully supports the CAC's proposal of a path-defined receipt point structure that would define primary and secondary rights at receipt points on the SoCalGas system. Not only does the proposal satisfy the Commission's requirement that Hector Road be established as a formal receipt point, it is also consistent with open and non-discriminatory access and use of the SoCalGas system, and will help provide a reasonable degree of certainty so that all market participants can more effectively plan gas transportation.  CAC's proposed receipt point principles ensure that no upstream transportation provider will unduly be denied access to SoCal's system.  Transwestern believes that the parties may still need to address certain details regarding implementation of the receipt point proposal that have not been fully described in the CAC document.  To this end, Transwestern proposes that implementation of the receipt point proposal be included on the agenda for the upcoming all-party settlement discussions.  Transwestern looks forward to a constructive discussion of the proposal and is confident that the parties will be able to agree on a plan for implementation.  Susan Scott Senior Counsel Transwestern Pipeline Company (713) 853-0596 sscott3@enron.com 
 Em,  I cannot believe you ran into Ben Affleck!!!  I'm sure it's just the first of many celebrity sightings you will have in Jolly Old England.  I had an absolutely incredible time in San Diego with Julie.  We went to the beach (where I was able to lay-out and not sweat!), shopped a ton, attended the symphony and got messages.  All in all it was an extremely relaxing weekend. Yesterday, I was in Austin for a recruiting trip and got to see Corey's new house in Hyde Park - very cute.  So I got back to work today, Wednesday, and still no word from Mr. Noble. Just to refresh, the last time I heard from him (email) was Thursday morning.  You'd be proud of me though as I have refrained from any form of contact and plan to continue that route only deviating if/when it becomes necessary for me to have a formal close to things.  I'm still hoping that will not be the case but am fully prepared for the possibility that my brief encounter with dating may be over for a while.  Sue 
 First things first...  Yes, I am still alive...Things with Wonder Boy suck (and for the time being I think we should refrain from calling him Wonder Boy)...I'll be leaving for Austin Friday night (1st football game of the season), but will be back Sunday and definitely want to get together while you're in town.  Hope all is well with you and that you had a fantastic holiday weekend.  Mine was incredible!!! I visited a friend of mine in San Diego and had the best time just hanging out, shopping, hitting the beach and attending the symphony (on the water no less).  It was definitely a good trip for my psyche as Ted has been less than impressive going on almost two weeks now.  I'm certainly not pleased about the situation, but at no point have I lost site of what a catch I am (and if he's not bright enough to see or appreciate that fact then I don't think he's bright enough for me).  Talk to you soon, Susan  Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
 I haven't sent a quote in quite some time, but this one really spoke to me.  Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
 Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
 I think Ted needs to read this.  No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined. -Harry Emerson Fosdick 
 Sometimes I really worry about you...  I know it's not kind to laugh at the misfortune of others, but I must say I was rolling when I read your email.  It's a good thing I didn't send the other card I was debating over last night which alluded to the possibility of you and Darren spending too much time together (not as funny in light of your shack last night).  So how did you explain your attire this morning to your MD?  Hope the presentation was a rousing success.  Shorty 
 See the attached (one shows redlining, the other does not) and let me know if you have further questions. 
 Jeff, this morning I spoke with Reliant's regulatory counsel, who called me after talking with Lee Hart, and who seemed eager to look into drafting a filing.  I would be happy to talk with Leonard Foster or June Suwara at Sempra about doing the same, but somehow think Sempra might be a tougher customer (don't know why I would think that...).  My suggestion is that we work through Ms. Katz initially.  Anticipating that we might encounter some inertia at Sempra's regulatory dept. -- and to give you an outline to work from when talking to Stefanie -- I put together the attached rough draft of a motion to intervene and motion to expedite to be filed by Sempra.  Feel free to send the attached to Stefanie.  However, please do so with the caveat that you are sending it for discussion purposes only, not as legal advice to Sempra from ET&S's legal department, and the content of this pleading should ultimately be up to Sempra's legal/regulatory staff.  Reliant's counsel said he'd be sending me a draft of his pleading...if I don't hear from him within a reasonable time I'll call to follow up. 
 Deal is rebooked  Susan  + 
 All legs of the deal have been rebooked.  Susan 
 Em,  Glad to hear that you arrived safely in your new home.  I'm sure you'll be adjusting to the time change for a few days, but hopefully this time you won't get sick.  Say, "Hi" to Katy for me and tell her I will email her soon to try and figure when is the best time to come visit.  Now on to the business at hand.  Thought I'd let you see the last email exchange between Mr. Noble and myself.  Start from the bottom with my email and then read his response.  I would love to hear your insight on it all.  Here's my thought at this point.  I think Ted is an EXTREMELY linear person, in that his focus can not be split between too many different things at once.  To that end, I believe this project, to which he has dedicated many hours, has literally harnessed all of his attention.  Realizing this, I'm not sure exactly how I feel about it - - - Any thoughts?  Sue 
 Lesli,  Both deals have been rebooked.  Susan 
 Hey Pavarotti,  Hope you day is going well and that everything is coming together for the big presentation tomorrow.  My day is going significantly better than yesterday so I am pleased.  Plus, my friend just emailed me from San Diego to inform me that she can get us a great table to see the Symphony's last performance of the season on Navy Pier...so I've got that going for me, which is nice.  By the way, what did you end up deciding to do about this weekend - or haven't you decided yet (the latter would not surprise me in the least...you're a fly by the seat of your pants kind of guy or a slight procrastinator - - I always get the two confused).  Now for the rule-breaking.  I realize it's already Wednesday but I wanted to see if you had any interest in going to grab a bite to eat or just a drink after work tomorrow or Friday night (in light of our heavy work loads, etc. I hope you can forgive my rudeness).  Both you and Darren looked pretty whipped last night and I'm sure tonight will be more of the same...You better be careful, I think this project is starting to give you gray hair.  Shorty  - - I forgot to tell you last night that my 5 yr. old niece got in trouble on the way to school yesterday because she punched a little boy in the eye. Evidently, he was bothering she and her friend Reagan...I think my sister's biggest fears have now been confirmed, little Sally may have taken after her Aunt Sue Sue a little too much. 
 I thought you'd really like the one in blue.  My fav's the one in red. 
 Julie,  Sorry for the delayed response.  I can't express to you how excited I am to be coming out there this weekend.  After the last week and a half of work I am in desperate need of rest and relaxation (that of course means lots of shopping).  As far as activities go, I'm pretty much up for anything.  My guess is I'm probably going to want to take a quick nap when I get in Saturday morning before starting the weekend's activities, but after that I say we just get going.  The symphony sounds incredible as do the races or the polo match so I'll just leave the final choices to your discretion.  I would definitely be up for a trip to the zoo if you want to go, but considering I go there every time I'm in San Diego I could miss it in order to do/see some other things.  The only things I insist upon are ample time outdoors and good seafood.  Anyway,  I arrive in San Diego on America West flight 2180 at about 9:00 a.m. and leave Monday at 6:10 p.m. so we've almost got three full days to work with.  Love, Susan  -- Also, if you could give me an idea of what kind of items I need to pack depending on our activities it might prevent me from committing gross overpacking...Thanks. 
 Lesli,  All of the deals listed below have been rebooked to their respective counterparties.  Susan 
 Can we keep the upside -- I believe the answer is clearly "no" unless/until we get a favorable ruling on our share-the-upside filing.  Til then we're bound by the billing provisions on Sheet 95H. Sometimes the answers clarify themselves after you leave the question sitting out there a while...  As for the contract rights of replacement shippers, I would say the tariff language gives us some leeway on whether to automatically give replacement shipper the releasing shipper's discount at alt. points.  If we don't, and the replacement shipper uses an alt. point and has to pay max rate, releasing shipper gets a refund under our billing provision.  I know Lindy has some clear ideas on what we want here... we can discuss more if you like. 
 The offer still stands but the location has changed...We're meeting at the Gingerman instead of Kenneally's (so alas no pizza - but oh, what a selection of beer). 
 Hey Darren,  I haven't forgotten that I still owe you a birthday beer.  In fact, Ted was kind enough to point out my failure to do so and add to my already heavy feelings of guilt.  Anyway, I know you guys are working hard getting your presentation ready, but if you need a break I'm planning on meeting a friend at Kenneally's tonight for a little pizza and beer.  Let me know if you have any interest in collecting...if not, you can just hold on to your raincheck until another time.  Susan 
 Do we need to talk? 
 Julie,  Everything you have mentioned up to this point sounds incredible.  I would love to see the symphony, got to a polo match or the races, etc. etc.  I've made everybody here at work green with envy talking about my trip.  I'm going to email you back tomorrow with a much more detailed response to your emails because I'm trying like mad to get out of work before 7:00 tonight.  Anyway, like I said it all sounds great and I am very excited about the trip (believe me it's much needed).  Susan  I'll give you the exact times tomorrow, but my flight gets in around 9:00 a.m. on Saturday and doesn't leave until around 6:00 p.m. on Monday.  Talk to you tomorrow. 
 Read it and weep...Just let me know if you want me to bring some sand back with me in case you don't make it out there this weekend.  I'm thinking I may need to get Julie to hook me up with a job like hers...if it will allow me to live like we're evidently going to this weekend.  Shorty 
 This one kind of gives you that warm, fuzzy feeling inside.  Knowing that you are benefiting mankind by working for the Big "E". 
 Cinderella in Her Later Years.......  Cinderella was now 75 years old. After a fulfilling life with the now dead Prince, she happily sat upon her rocking chair, watching the world go by from her front porch, with a cat named Bob for companionship.  One sunny afternoon, out of nowhere, appeared the Fairy Godmother.  Cinderella said "Fairy Godmother, what are you doing here after all these years??"  The Fairy godmother replied "Well Cinderella, since you have lived a good, wholesome life since we last met, I have decided to grant you 3 wishes.  Is there anything for which your heart still yearns?"  Cinderella was taken aback, overjoyed and after some thoughtful consideration, and almost under her breath she uttered her first wish:  "I wish I was wealthy beyond comprehension." Instantly, her rocking chair was turned into solid gold. Cinderella was stunned.  Bob, her old faithful cat, jumped off her lap and scampered to the edge of the porch, quivering with fear. Cinderella said "Oh thank you, Fairy Godmother".  The Fairy Godmother replied, "It is the least I can do. What does your heart want for your second wish?" Cinderella looked down at her frail body, and said: "I wish I was young and full of the beauty of youth again."  At once, her wish having been desired became reality, and her beautiful youthful visage had returned. Cinderella felt stirrings inside her that had been dormant for years and a long forgotten vigor and vitality began to course through her.  Then the Fairy Godmother again spoke "You have one more wish, what shall you have?" Cinderella looks over to the frightened cat in the corner and says"; "I wish for you to transform Bob, my old cat, into a beautiful, and handsome young man".  Magically, Bob suddenly underwent so fundamental a change in his biological make-up, that when complete he stood before her, a man, so beautiful the like of which she nor the world had ever seen, so fair indeed that birds began to fall from the sky at his feet.  The Fairy Godmother again spoke: "Congratulations, Cinderella.  Enjoy your new life." And, with a blazing shock of bright blue electricity, she was gone. For a few eerie moments, Bob and Cinderella looked into each other's eyes, Cinderella sat, breathless, gazing at the most stunningly perfect man she had ever seen. Then Bob walked over to Cinderella, who sat transfixed in her rocking chair, and held her close in his young muscular arms.  He leaned in close blowing her golden hair with his warm breath as he whispered:  "I bet you regret having me neutered now, don't you?" 
 I've reviewed Order 637 on voluntary auctions and agree with you, Mary Kay, that the TW IOS procedure is consistent with the Commission's checklist. However, I do have a couple of questions/concerns.  First, does "voluntary" mean filing a proposal with FERC is also voluntary?  Or is the Commission here requiring that pipelines make filings before they can proceed with auctions?  Also, I'm not sure we comply with the Commission's policy on establishment of a reserve price, since it's difficult to tell what that is from the order.  A couple of times TW has stated a minimum bid in its IOS.  Comments? 
 Agustin,  You are right, the correct deal number for Industrias del Etileno is just NW9742 (legs 1 & 2).  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Lexi,  I will be able to attend and am going to try to get to Austin in time for the faculty lunch.  I will let you know if I can make the lunch for sure after I've worked out my travel arrangements.  Thanks, Susan 
 Okay, I have to admit it is somewhat of a pansy schedule and it is going to be like that for about the next three years.  However, this season will give us the perfect opportunity to get all of our freshman and sophomores the necessary experience needed to win the National title two to three years from now.  Mack Brown is a master at pacing a teams rise to the top.  With the #1 recruiting class in the country last year and a top 5 class this year the future looks bright for the Longhorns.  Besides, our stadium's on campus and we've sold over 40,000 season tickets...the games are bound to be fun regardless of how weak the opponents may be.  Counter?  Shorty 
 Well, this may go down as one of my absolute worst weeks ever.  Hope yours was better and that you made a full recovery from Steak Night. 
 Sorry I didn't get a chance to buy you a beer last night - we got there late.  I owe you one.  Hope you had a great birthday. 
 Sorry I couldn't make it for cake last night.  I had to work late last night...Big Shock!!!  Anyway, hope it was fun and that you're having a great week.  Mine has been pretty busy work wise.  I'm sure you're curious about Mr. Noble.  All I can say right now is that, while I definitely still like him (we had a great time Sunday), I am some what annoyed with him right now...he's been very wishy-washy the first half of this week.  I'm not real sure what I'm going to do about it, but I'm sure I'll think of something. 
 Fly me to the moon. 
 Lesli,  I am indeed the right person and will be happy to rebook the deals below. Just so you know, there are going to be several more deals that will need to be rebooked as soon as the CP's are set up.  If you could just let me know when the new CP's are set-up I will rebook the other deals as well.  Thanks,  Susan 31455 . 
 Same dude...and he is good.  We're going to Steak Night tonight at Little Woodrows which of course makes me happy.  Also, I just sent him a list of all the UT games so he can start planning to attend.  As soon as he decides on a first game I'm going to have to start preparing him to meet the family and others.  That's a lot of prep work.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Your own personal palm pilot hard at work.  As promised, here's a list of UT's games this season...color coded for your convenience of course.  Sep 9                UL Lafayette,  12:30pm  Sep 16              at Stanford,   10:15pm  Sep 23              Houston,   TBA  Sep 30              Oklahoma St.,  TBA  Oct 7                 Oklahoma,   3:30pm  (a.k.a. "OU Weekend"...this is a huge game...the two teams meet halfway at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas)  Oct 14               at Colorado,  TBA  Oct 21               Missouri,   TBA  Oct 28               Baylor,   TBA  Nov 4                at Texas Tech,  2:00pm  Nov 11              at Kansas,   TBA  Nov 24              Texas A&M,   3:30pm  (Thanksgiving Weekend)  All Times Eastern  * Home games are in burnt orange...what else? 
 I've gotten a bit more educated about IT revenue crediting since you asked your question yesterday.  "IT revenue crediting" is an industry term used to describe a requirement (brought about either by a FERC order or a rate case settlement) that IT revenues in excess of a certain dollar amount will be credited back to all firm shippers in the next rate proceeding or thru some refund mechanism.  Transwestern is currently not under any IT revenue crediting obligation, and I would be very hesitant to negotiate any such obligation with any individual shipper because then we would have to do the same for all firm shippers on a nondiscriminatory basis.  If you need more info, let's talk. 
 The counterparty for that deal is Enron Omaha and the contact is Larry Paulou.  I am working on clearing up any other deals booked with the counterparty as New this morning.  Let me know if there is anything else you need. 
 Hey there yourself,  Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.  I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.  As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.  As for Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we are two very busy people).  But, we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage...you know, not quite so formal about dates etc.  In one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read.  Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well.  Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.  I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T. game).  Things in Houston are good and definitely warm.  I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful.  Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie.  Needless to say I am very excited.  Talk to you  guys soon, Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey Tonto (a.k.a - the trusty, but silent, side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D)  The play was very good and I think well received.  I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY.  The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling).  I caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office (yes, I had to come back after the play...I love my job!).  Anyway, I'm sure I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.  As a result of that, she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me (The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia).  Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went.  I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email - I mean it's such a common spelling.  So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match?  She's a very fun girl.  Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch. Good luck with all of the "fun" meetings.  Shorty  -- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test...I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it. 
 Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully.  At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things.  However, having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors.  Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it (and, as we have established, I have the memory of an elephant).  I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32.  Now back to what's really important...you.  Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about you and your needs. 
 There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it. -Mary Little 
 Hey,  My week is actually going very well so far (my trader left around noon so today should be a piece of cake).  I know you guys have been working really hard the last couple of days, but I hope it paid off and the presentation went well yesterday.  However, given your comment about y'alls idea getting the axe in the short term, I'm not sure that was necessarily the case.  Anyway, I'm sure at least your steak dinner was a hit (so were you able to resist the red wine this time, you lush?).  In keeping with my very serious nature (yes, you heard me serious), I've attached little story for you...I got a pretty good chuckle out of this one.  PS. - Thanks again for carting me around and feeding me Saturday...I, as usual, had a great time.  Oh, and by the way, kudos to both of us for actually making it through a home movie   Subject: FW: FW: Southwest Airlines  > > > >  A mother and her son were flying Southwest Airlines > > > from Oakland to > > > Kansas City. The son, who had been looking out the > > > window, turned to > > > his mother and said, "If big dogs have baby dogs and > > > big cats have baby > > > cats, why don't big planes have baby planes? The > > > mother, who couldn't think > > > of an answer, told her son to ask the flight > > > attendent. So, the little boy > > > asked the flight attendent, "If big dogs have baby > > > dogs and big cats have > > > baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" > > > The flight attendent asked, "Did your mother tell > > > you to ask me that?" > > > He said that she had. With a clever grin, she said, > > > "Tell your mother it's > > > because Southwest Airlines always pulls out on > > > time." > 
 I know how much you're looking forward to "Ted's Weekend of Rest and Relaxation" and I also realize that carting me back and forth to the car dealership wasn't exactly on your list of things to do (bear in mind the dealership is roughly 5 minutes from your apartment)...So, I'm offering you an out.  I can find someone else to help me if you want to bail (I know how important your pool-side time is - Remember it's all about you and your needs."  Just let me know.    FYI:  Galveston does not look like this... 
 Hey Hot Stuff,  I know how much you love these spoofs so enjoy.  Hope your having a good day or at least, given the circumstances, a tolerable one.  Shorty 
 (You know you haven't sent me any funnies in a while either.  I'll let it go for now since you're working so hard...but you're going to have to deliver at some point.)   1. Question: If you could live forever, would you and why? Answer:  "I would not live forever, because we should not live forever, because if we were supposed to live     forever, then we would live forever, but we cannot live forever,  which is why I would not live forever."                  ---Miss Alabama in the 1994 Miss USA contest  2. "Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff." ---Mariah Carey  3. "Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana.  The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two, but can't remember what they are." ---Matt Lauer on NBC's Today Show, August 22  4.  "I haven't committed a crime. What I did was fail to comply with the law." ---David Dinkins, New York City Mayor, answering accusations that he failed to pay his taxes.  5. "Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life." ---Brooke Shields, during an interview to become spokesperson for a federal anti-smoking campaign.  6.  "I've never had major knee surgery on any other part of my body." ---Winston Bennett, Univ. of KY basketball forward  7.  "Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country." ---Mayor Marion Barry, Washington, DC  8.  "We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees." ---Jason Kidd, upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks  9.  "I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president." ---Hillary Clinton commenting on the release of subpoenaed documents.  10. "China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese." ---Former French President Charles De Gaulle  11. "That lowdown scoundrel deserves to be kicked to death by a jackass, and I'm just the one to do it." ---A Congressional Candidate in Texas  12.  "It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it." ---Former U. S. Vice-President Dan Quayle  13. "Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind." ---General William Westmoreland  And last but not least -- a parting word from Dan Quayle:  14. "I love California.  I practically grew up in Phoenix." 
 You know I was just teasing, right?  And, no dating is definitely not a bad thing.  As for being or not being fortunate enough, just remember...your good enough, your smart enough and dog-gonnit people like you.  Have fun tomorrow night and try up that fortune. 
 Our contract with IGS provides that for any agreement identified by IGS and executed, TW will pay a one-time incentive fee of 3% of the first $15 million of net present value, 2% of the next $10 million of net present value, etc.  The Southern contract associated with the Gallup Expansion is at a rate of $0.205 for 25,000 Dth/d for 5 years.  Using a discount factor of 15%, the net present value of the contract is $6,270,625, so IGS's commission would be $188,118.75.  Since the contract does not specify how NPV will be calculated (I believe we purposely omitted this for whatever reason), we will need to agree on a rate that is fair given the nature of and risk associated with the project.  We should probably use whatever is standard in the industry for this type of project, if that's possible to determine.  I have a call in to James Centilli for his recommendation in this regard, and will let you know what he says. 
 Thanks for the info...you are a wealth of knowledge.  As for the jokes, I am very afraid and yet undaunted.  Do me one last favor and tell Darren I said he's a real funny guy and that there will, at some point, be appropriate pay-back. 
 Hey,  I know you are monumentally busy this week, but if you get five minutes today shoot me back an email and let me know if you know any of the Associates below.  They are all going to be at the dinner tonight so any info that would boost my B.S. factor would be much appreciated.  I seem to remember you mentioning John Massey on a couple of occasions but I have, albeit very rarely, been known to be wrong.  Hope your day is going well and that you aren't having to carry Darren too much.  Evan Betzer Jay Epstein Bill Keeney John Massey Milind Pasad Kevin Ruscitti Jennifer Adams Farzad Farhangnia Gautam Gupta Claudio Ribeiro Doug Sewell  -- I finally watched the movie last night.  I laughed, I cried...it became a part of me.  Honestly though, it was a very funny flick.  So did John or Fritz pass along the "Bible" to you?  (Whoever it was you can thank them for me.) 
 Okay, I'm dying to know...What was wrong with the car?  Along those same lines, did you get them to bring the car to you here or do you have to go get it.  (Don't forget I need to get your parking pass to you.)  As for the home vs. theater viewing...I seem to be more of a home-body these days as well. 
 Evidently, in order for us to actually watch a movie we have to physically go to the theatre.  Somehow we keep missing that critical step in the home viewing experience...namely the viewing. 
 I've managed to "handle" myself for almost 24 years just fine, thank you very much...Evidently someone thinks they're pretty irresistible. 
 Okay, okay...The real Susan is back.  So, do you think I should sport the leopard pants to the party?  By the way, your personal taxi service is on call Sunday  so just let me know when you need to be picked up (you're flying out of intercontinental, right?). 
 Look at you trying to bring me out of my shell.  I don't know if I'm really ready though to meet so many new people.  Remember...I am a shy, retiring wall-flower. 
 I'll drive you to the airport tonight...IF I get to come over for a swim Sunday. (Believe me, my motives are purely selfish - your pool is so much "cooler" than mine.)  -- By the way, even with our slight car problem I had a great time last night.  You're really going to have to stop being so much fun to be around or you'll never be able to successfully ditch me (although last night was a valiant effort). 
 Hey Handsome,  I am taking every step to ensure that I leave this building at a reasonable hour today.  Unfortunately, it is "bid-week" (Nat Gas trading thing which translates to beaucoup deals/trading) so the odds are somewhat stacked against me.  Anyway, I'm going to say that as it stands right now 8:00 p.m. is definitely do-able.  However, I do reserve the right to alter my estimate when we get closer to 4:30 p.m. and I have a better idea where I stand. Don't let them work you too hard down there...remember, your body's not used to it.  Susan 
 As you can see I am primed to crack the top ten at the next tournament....  Women's International Rankings 20 July 2000   Pos    Id Surname                     First Name               Ctry I/C      Ind Pts     T/C      T/Pts   Comps     Points  1  5943 GONG                    Zhichao                  CHN 7      2069.10       1     500.00       8     321.14  2  1940 YE                             Zhaoying CHN        7      2218.65       1     252.00       8     308.83  3  1839 MARTIN                       Camilla                  DEN 9      2361.65       3    1134.00      12     291.30  4  7210 DAI                       Yun                      CHN 8      2164.35       1     405.00       9     285.48  5  9720 GONG                          Ruina CHN        7      1655.25       1     300.00       8     244.41  6  1568 KIM                          Ji Hyun                  KOR 7      1229.18       2     838.80       9     229.78  7  7821 ZHOU                              Mi CHN        7      1816.20       0       0.00       7     227.03  8  8245 LEE                           Kyung Won KOR        6      1171.35       2     630.00       8     225.17  9  3775 MIZUI                            Yasuko JPN       10      1849.58       2     774.00      12     218.63  10  4771 SORENSEN                  Mette                    DEN 9      1662.53       3     909.00      12     214.29  11  4327 Crawford            Sissy                    USA        7 1631.55       0       0.00       7     203.94  12  7318 YONEKURA                  Kanako                  JPN 11      2069.25       1     270.00      12     194.94  13  4814 EKMONGKOLPAISARN   Sujitra                THA        8 1388.40       1     356.40       9     193.87  14  2836 ANDRIEVSKAYA             Marina                SWE       10 1639.80       2     657.00      12     191.40  Now this is an intense web site = http://www.intbadfed.org/home.html#anchor443465 
 (I'll review this after my 9:00 meeting -- thought you might want a copy also.) 
 A good wit is a terrible thing to waste...  As for the pick up, the Sissy Crawford taxi is at your service.  Just name the time and place.  Also, there is no need to forego the nice fun restaurant for tomorrow night just because I have to be a smart-ass every once in a while. 
 Hey Bo,  I was checking on some flights for myself and happened to look at one-way tickets from New Orleans.  It looks like the refundable, no-advance purchase ticket is going to run you about $100 on Southwest...Lucky for you they do offer a senior citizen fare for $55 (age does have its advantages).  Sissy  By the way,  I didn't  even realise John Cleese and Denise Richards were in the movie...and evidently at some point Bond hijacks a submarine.  Roger Ebert actually thought so much of the film he gave it 3 and 1/2 stars.  We may have to watch this one at some point.  "The World Is Not Enough" is a splendid comic thriller, exciting and graceful, endlessly inventive. Because it is also the 19th James Bond movie, it comes with so much history that one reviews it like wine, comparing it to earlier famous vintages; I guess that's part of the fun. This is a good one. 
 Ted,  I think you had, at one point, asked me if the first U.T. football game was Labor Day weekend.  It is actually the weekend after Labor Day (Sept. 9) against Louisiana-Lafayette at 11:30 a.m.  So basically it should be a very challenging game and relatively cool (Ha!).  Hope your day's going well.  Shorty  FYI - U.T. plays Stanford at Stanford Sept. 16 (7:15 p.m. kick-off) 
 Ted,  My day is going quite well, actually.  I managed to sleep in past 6:30 a.m. this morning and did not work-out so I'm feeling pretty good.  I'm not sure if I'll be able to respect you in the light of your "rule-breaking", but I'm going to try to look past that.  I'm heading to lunch right now - yes, I am actually leaving the building - so the day just keeps getting better and better.  As for last night, I had a really good time too and am glad you were able to look past my bad manners and agree to go out Friday.  Talk to you soon.  Susan  -- By the way, I'm very relieved to hear about the buckle. 
 Sounds good to me...Coincidentally, a made service will be coming to clean my car this evening  Susan 
 Hey Math-Wiz,  I completely understand your plight.  I too am suffering a two o'clock, post-lunch slump (the coffee is simply not working at this point).  Anyway, I think a change of clothes prior to Steak Night is probably a good idea. Also, driving tomorrow is not a problem... just let me know the gate code, apt. #, etc.  Along those same lines, what time did you want to head over there?  (For better-safe-than-sorry reasons, due to my job, I think no earlier than 7:30 p.m. is our best bet.)  Hope you're having a lovely day and don't work too hard (Ha!!).  Susan 
 Fifth grade assignment  The teacher gave her fifth grade class an assignment: Get their parents to tell them a story with a moral at the end of it. The next day the kids came back and one by one began to tell their stories.  Kathy said, "My father's a farmer and we have a lot of egg-laying hens.  One time we were taking our eggs to market in a basket on the front seat of the pickup when we hit a bump in the road and all the eggs went flying and broke and made a mess."  "And what's the moral of the story?" Asked the teacher.  "Don't put all your eggs in one basket!"  "Very good," said the teacher.  "Now, Lucy?"  "Our family are farmers too.  But we raise chickens for the meat market.  We had a dozen eggs one time, but when they hatched we only got ten live chicks. And the moral to this story is, don't count your chickens until they're hatched."  "That was a fine story Lucy."  "Johnny do you have a story to share?"  "Yes, ma'am, my daddy told me this story about my uncle Bob. Uncle Bob was a pilot in Vietnam and his plane got hit.  He had to bail out over enemy territory and all he had was a bottle of whiskey, a machine gun and a machete. He drank the whiskey on the way down so it wouldn't break and then he landed right in the middle of 100 enemy troops.  He killed seventy of them with the machine gun until he ran out of bullets, then he killed twenty more with the machete till the blade broke and then he killed the last ten with his bare hands." "Good heavens," said the horrified teacher, "What kind of moral did your daddy tell you from that horrible story?"  "Don't fuck with Uncle Bob when he's been drinking." 
 There is nothing wrong with simple and understated when it comes to a non-native Texan acquiring western wear.  Remember slow and steady wins the race.  One needs items they could wear at any given time (Red Wings a simple classic hat)...not just to the Vail Rodeo.  -- I'm intrigued...what exactly is the Hawaiian Biker ensemble? 
 Ted,  I tried to send this page a little while ago and I think it failed.  So, you may have to actually drop this address into the netscape location section to bring up the site.  Anyway, there seemed to be a pretty good selection on the web.  Still, I think the one on this page best captures the kind of image you're looking to project.  http://www.bucklesofestes.com/images/image123a.jpg   If you'd rather shop around try these (there are some outstanding designs)...   http://www.bucklesofestes.com/  http://www.lazyassranch.com/   Disclaimer:   Please realize these sites were sent in jest.  If you actually don any of the items contained within them I may be forced to sever all ties and deny ever having known you. 
 Number 8 made me think of you...  Top Ten Signs Your Amish Teen is in Trouble  10. Sometimes stays in bed till after 6am.  9. In his sock drawer, you find pictures of women without bonnets.  8. Shows up at barn raisings in full "Kiss" makeup.  7. When you criticize him, he yells, "Thou sucketh!"  6. His name is Jebediah, but he goes by "Jeb Daddy."  5. Defiantly says, "If I had a radio, I'd listen to rap."  4. You come upon his secret stash of colorful socks.  3. Uses slang expression: "Talk to the hand, cause the beard ain't listening."  2. Was recently pulled over for "driving under the influence of cottage cheese."  1. He's wearing his big black hat backwards.   AND, get ready for August  Texas Heat > > >  <<heat.exe>> > > > >  <<heat.exe>>  - heat.exe 
 Lorraine, I've been studying the El Paso/Dynegy reservation reduction mechanism (RRM).  Basically the deal was that Dynegy's minimum-pay obligation would be reduced by the amount of the fixed cost component of IT revenues generated by El Paso's transportation of IT volumes above a historical threshold.  (The parties based the threshold on El Paso's monthly IT volumes for the 12 months ended 9/30/97.)  The volumes in excess of the threshold were calculated and a ratio of the volumes in excess of the threshold to the total volumes was determined; the ratio would then be applied to the fixed cost component of all IT revenues and the resulting dollar value applied to Dynegy's monthly reservation charge, to the extent Dynegy had not met its minimum pay obligation for a particular month.  This provision of course met with heavy opposition; however, FERC allowed it.  FERC stated that while the RRM had anticompetitive effects because it created a disincentive for El Paso to discount IT, it was not unduly discriminatory.  The "unduly discriminatory" conclusion was based on an analysis on the potential effect on the Cal. gas transportation market -- the Commission found that due to relatively weak market demand, neither Dynegy nor El Paso appeared to have been able to influence prices because so much firm capacity was available.  I assume Russ may be after something similar to the RRM.  We would have to file it as a negotiated rate but I feel fairly confident that we could get FERC to accept it.  That's my 2 cents worth on this particular issue...I'll come down around 3:30 to chat with you more about the Duke (I have a conference call with MKM from 1:30 to 3:30, which is why I'm camped out on 47). 
 Thanks for the joke, it provided me with a well needed chuckle (You and Darren definitely have too much time on your hands).  As for the hat/casual western theme, we are going to have to go to make a trip to Blanco's or Tin Hall sometime so I can don the full regalia. 
 Just because your trader is out of town on vacation doesn't mean he can't get a hold of you and make life less than pleasant.  How a person can be in Hilton Head, SC and still sound like he's going to have a heart attack is beyond me. 
 Hey yourself,  Actually, my day is going very well.  It just so happens that my trader is out of town all week so, except for a few stressful phone calls this morning to assess the market, the day has been relatively uneventful.  All I want to know is how do I get your hours (or should I say lack thereof).  Anyway, my roommate and I had already made plans for tonight, but a movie tomorrow night sounds good.  Just fill me in on the details.  Susan  PS - I'll be purchasing my neon, leopard-print cowboy hat shortly. 
 Ted,  I spoke with Shanna a little while ago about your friend and the apartment and she said she was fine with the deal.  Talk to you later.  Susan 
 Ted,  Getting back to work has been a bit of a challenge after a weekend of indulgence and excess.  It took everything I had to get in the car and start the drive back to Houston Tuesday night (especially since I stopped by my sister's and tooled around on Lake Austin in the boat for a while before heading out).  As for the birthday shot, you are quite welcome - it was the least I could do.  After my expenditures over the holiday, I will definitely be in town this weekend.  So, dinner Saturday sounds good.  As it stands right now, I am having a very pleasant day and I hope you are as well.  Susan  -- (H) 713-622-2788 
 Hi yourself,  Glad to hear you all had a good time in Thailand, although I get the impression you could have done without some of the sights.  Mom thinks it must be fate that this guy and I keep bumping into each other.  Along those lines, I had an absolutely incredible weekend.  I drove to Harlingen Saturday morning/afternoon (5 hr. drive) for a friend's wedding and then drove to Austin to meet up with Emily on Sunday.  We ate at Guerro's and then hit Cedar door for a little while.  There wasn't anything going on there so I suggested we try Cedar Street.  Funny thing is Ted, that's his name, walks by our table at the bar.  He stopped to say hello and ended up sitting down with us the rest of the evening.  His friends joined us as soon as they had been shot down by the girls they had been trying to woo.  We ended up going to Polly Esters for a little while to do some dancing.  Before we parted ways he asked if we had any plans for Monday night and got my cell phone number.  Needless to say I was feeling pretty good.  He called us Monday and we made plans to meet up after dinner -- we ate at Sullivan's, it was very good.  His birthday is July 4 (how great is that?) so I brought him one of those travel size bottles of Crown from the honor bar as a birthday gift...Big Hit.  Anyway, spent the whole night talking and getting to know each other and all I can say is he seems like a really good guy.  (One of the best signs was his reproach of denim shorts on guys, especially cut-offs...be sure and tell Chuck about that one because I know it's something he feels pretty strongly about as well.)  So at this point I'll pretty much just run through the stats:  Height :   6'2" - 6'3" Weight : about 225 lbs. Education: UCLA (undergraduate and MBA) AND Law School ( I'm not sure where) Birthday: 7/4/69 -- YES, he was born in a different decade than me...think it may be more of an issue for him than me. Hometown: Santa Barbara, CA  ETC:  Youngest of three children.  Appears to like/be close to his family. Irish Catholic (we actually discussed religion) His dad was in the Navy Favorite Movies -- Fletch, Caddy Shack...he definitely has a good sense of humor and likes to laugh He really likes Texas...would like to have a ranch/lakehouse somewhere in the hill country  Best Quotes:    "Every California guys idea of a dream girl is a girl in jeans a t-shirt and cowboy boots." "Every Texas girls idea of a dream guy is a guy who lives on a ranch, has an good education, is comfortable financially and is also a great businessman.  Only problem is there are only four of those guys out there and three of them are married." "Texas girls have the ability to wrap a man around their finger quicker than any group of women I've ever met." "I really want to learn how to two step."  So, as I'm sure you can tell there are definitely some attractive characteristics to this guy (to boot he was a complete gentleman in every capacity).  There are no plans as of yet, but I will be sure to keep you informed of any progress.  Write back soon and let me know how the apartment, the job hunt and everything else is going.  Susan    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hey Ted,  Just wanted to check and see if you guys are still going planning on going tonight.  We have been having some major systems issues today so I'm about to really throw myself into my work in an effort to get out of here at a reasonable time.  Susan 
 Yes...I am a true Longhorn.  I think that's why I like Steak Night so much. I mean how can you beat sitting on a deck, drinking a beer and solving the words problems (OK., 2 out of 3 ain't bad).  Anyway, Wednesday night sounds good to me, although, given how work has been going lately I doubt I'll be able to get there before 7:30.  Just do me a favour and forewarn Pat that Emily may be attending so he can prepare properly (I don't want any bloodshed).  I think a couple co-workers are also planning on coming so it should a good group.  Susan 
 Thursday night was indeed a blast.  I think my cohorts were ruing my existence by the end of the evening because I didn't have to go to work Friday (wedding in Dallas...very fun).  I'm sure you managed to have an all right time in SF as well.  I am definitely up for a bucket of beer this week.  It's supposed to be sunny and warm all week long and I can think of nothing that goes better with that than cold beer.  As for Austin, I have a wealth of information on the subject that I would be more than happy to share.  Susan 
 This may appear to be somewhat of a random email, but I assure you there exist some semblence of reason.  I remembered you mentioning that neither you nor Pat have ever made a pilgramige to Blanco's.  So...I thought I should let you know that there is live music and cold beer on tap tonigt at the Big B. Anyway it should be pretty good.  Music starts at 9:00. 
 Recently we approved a "based on utilization" rate in another contract -- the rationale was that our minimum reservation charge is zero -- so on those days they don't use the point, the amount allocated to reservation component (using our discretion to allocate between reservation and commodity) is $0 and it's still within our minimum so it is not a negotiated rate.  Does that make sense to you? 
 Read the very bottom....  Compliments of your minion. 
 The man who thinks he can do without the world is indeed mistaken; but the man who thinks the world cannot do without him is mistaken even worse. -Francois, duc de La Rochefoucauld 
 The Word of the Day for May 19 is:=20  weird =01=07 \WEERD\ =01=07 (adjective)=20 *1 : of, relating to, or caused by witchcraft or the=20 supernatural : magical=20 2 : of strange or extraordinary character : odd, fantasti= c=20  Example sentence: "Hagar, the witch, chanted an awful incantation over her kettleful of simmering toads, with weird effect." (Louisa= =20 May Alcott, Little Women)=20  Did you know? You may know today's word as a generalized term for anyth= ing unusual, but "weird" also has older meanings that are mor= e specific. "Weird" derives from the Old English noun "wyrd= ," essentially meaning "fate." By the late 8th century, the= =20 plural "wyrde" had begun to appear in texts as a gloss for=20 "Parcae," the Latin name for the Fates -- three goddesses who spun, measured, and cut the thread of life. In the 15th and 16t= h centuries, Scots authors employed "werd" or "weird" in th= e phrase "weird sisters" to refer to the Fates. William Shakespeare adopted this usage in Macbeth, in which the "weird sisters" are depicted as three witches. Subsequent adjectival use of "weird" grew out of a reinterpretation = of=20 the "weird" in Shakespeare. 
 ARIES  HOROSCOPE:   Weekly    For May 2000: Reassess your goals and friendships. Things have changed. Are you satisfied with your job, relationships, and immediate future? May brings things to light that have been buried or disguised. Take a cool calm steady look at what surfaces. . . and decide if a change in direction is warranted. It's clear that your work scenario needs refurbishing and your daily schedule cries out for major rehab. But first and foremost, you'll get your second wind by dropping tension and frustration mid month, increasing the probability for better relations with friends, coworkers, and relatives. Try to establish healthy, positive change no later than the Full Moon. Take steps to insure your financial and business future on or before May 28. 
 AQUARIUS  HOROSCOPE:    Weekly    For May 15-21: You're moving away from one base of operations into another. Your priorities and basic requirements are also shifting. You find yourself relying less on something you've clung to in the past -- and moving closer to something newer, fresher, and more invigorating. You've got a rage to live and a burning desire for peak experiences. Middle of the road choices won't do it for you. Your hankering to push the envelope could get you into hot water with the old guard and certain close associates or relatives -- possibly because they're afraid of being replaced. But the genie is already out of the bottle, Aquarius. You can't unlearn what you've already tasted. Change is rolling in on its own power now. Go with it. . . and try to enjoy the ride. . . 
   Name           : Susan Scott E-mail         : sscott5@enron.com Title          : Analyst Phone          : 3-1455 Location       : EB3276c Last 4 of SSN  : 1734 Nationality    : UNKNOWN Business Unit  : Risk Management, Gas Trading, Financial Books Company        : ENA CO or GL       : 413 RC or CC       : 1839 Rotation Start : 3/28/00 Rotation End   : ? - 3/28/01 Supervisor     : Dutch Quigley Languages      : 
 You are the best.  I sit on 32 now, 2376c to be exact.  When you hit the top of the stairs hang a left then turn left at the next possible opening.  I'll flag you down.  However, I would be more than happy to come down and pick up the check.  Just let me know what works best for you. 
 The elegance of your commentary has left me speechless. 
 I have recently moved:  CO #   413 RC#  1839 Desk  3276c Ext.  31455 Bus. Unit ENA - Risk Management, Financial Books Eff date  03/28/2000=20 Poss End date 3/1/2001 Supervisor Mike Moscoso (For PRC)...New supervisor is Dutch Quigley Assistant Maria Sandoval (ext. 35586)...New assistanat is Irena Hogan ext.= =20 36143  =20    2. If you have moved recently, you must provide your new CO#, RC# / Cost=20 Center#, new desk location, and extension to me. Also, needed is Name of=20 Business Unit and Group, Effective date and possible end date, Supervisor= =20 (for PRC), Supervisor=01,s location and extension, Supervisor=01,s assistan= t along=20 with her location and extension. Please indicate the new changes when sendi= ng=20 your timesheet. 
 Je toujours ai su que le francais se sont penses superieur, je ne me suis pas rendu compte cela etait vrai pour les haut-parleurs francais aussi. 
 I'm a little uncomfortable with saying "TW defers to the consensus position of the non-SoCal settlement parties" so often.  Could we just not say anything on those items?  Or say TW has no comment at this time.  Would the other parties be put off if we were silent on these issues? 
 Je pense que je suis un plaisir a est vers.  (Mes excuses, le net send ne travaille pas.) 
 Hi Mark...me again.  You really are missing my presence in the controls group aren't you? 
 I could let the fluff comment fly if you were referring to a woman that had= =20 written such works in present day, but given that Austen was dealing with a= =20 completely different world with decidedly different expectations for the=20 women in it  I cannot.  The fact that she was able to challenge those limit= ed=20 expectations and never allow her heroines to sell themselves short or=20 compromise their character should not be taken for granted.  Yes, there is = a=20 definite romantic bent to her works, but in addition their is amazing insig= ht=20 into people, their motives, their struggles and their capacity to surprise= =20 even themselves.  And in the end, what conquers in her novels is the union = of=20 two individuals who have the utmost respect and appreciation for each other= 's=20 minds and characters not the unequal and servile relationships that=20 constituted the norm for that time. 
 May there always be work for your hands to do, May your purse always hold a coin or two. May the sun always shine warm on your windowpane, May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain. May the hand of a friend always be near you, And may God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you. -- Irish Blessing 
 Today we remember Jane Austen, the British writer born on this date in 1775= .=20 Austen depreciated herself as a "miniaturist" and a domestic novelist of=20 restricted scope, but her literary legacy is large. She was also able to la= y=20 self-deprecation aside, however, and in Northanger Abbey she declared that= =20 novels -- her chosen genre -- are works in which "the greatest powers of th= e=20 mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, t= he=20 happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and= =20 humour are conveyed to the world in the best chosen language."=01(  Austen's work brims with general statements that are contradicted by the=20 people in her stories. For instance, Pride and Prejudice opens by noting th= at=20 "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of= a=20 good fortune, must be in want of a wife." The book then describes Mrs.=20 Bennett, mother of a household full of marriageable daughters as "a woman o= f=20 mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper." As Austen=20 acquaints us with the tale of each daughter's engagements, she=20 wonders,                    "For what do we live, but to make sport for our= =20 neighbors and  laugh at them in our turn?"As Austen acquaints us with the= =20 tale of each daughter's engagements, she wonders, "For what do we live, but= =20 to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?" 
 Just wanted to thank you all for showing my parents such a good time last night.  They really enjoyed meeting you and finally being able to put some faces with the names.  At one point I believe my Dad even stated, "I love this place...now we'll have to come here every Wednesday." (An idle threat though don't worry).  They, as well as myself, are definitely fans of the topical conversational range ever present at "Steak Night".  Our own, though at times juvenile and base, version of the Algonquian Table.  Now on to the "food for thought"...I had a hard time narrowing down my selections today so please bear with the number of quotes and their seemingly unrelated themes (I just couldn't cut any more).  "Courage, it would seem, is nothing less than the power to overcome danger, misfortune, fear, injustice, while continuing to affirm inwardly that life with all its sorrows is good; that everything is meaningful even if in a sense beyond our understanding; and that there is always tomorrow." -- Dorothy Thompson  "One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life. The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community." -- Albert Einstein  "Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh." --W.H. Auden  "Learn to give yourself what you wish you could get from somebody else." -- Steven Ouellette  "The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn  "We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment." -- Jim Rohn 
 Sorry I didn't return your call last night, Lisa and I went to hear Julie Andrews speak at Jones Hall and didn't get home until after 10:00 p.m. Knowing what a precious commodity sleep is I refrained from possibly disturbing your own. 
 "The greatest good we can do for others is not to share our riches with them, but to reveal their own." - Author Unknown  "One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life. The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community." -- Albert Einstein  "We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment." -- Jim Rohn  "The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn 
 "1. Do what's right. Be on time, be polite, and be honest; remain free from drugs; and if you have any questions, get out your Bible. 2. Do your best. Mediocrity is unacceptable when you are capable of doing better. 3. Treat others as you want to be treated. Practice love and understanding." -- Lou Holtz (Three rules for success)  May there always be work for your hands to do, May your purse always hold a coin or two. May the sun always shine warm on your windowpane, May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain. May the hand of a friend always be near you, And may God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you. -- Irish Blessing 
 FYI  - Europe spends an average of $4-9 per person on the arts compared with the US at .64 and declining.  > > On NPR's Morning Edition, Nina Totenberg reported > that > if the > > > Supreme Court supports Congress to cut the budget > of > the National > > > Endowment of the Arts, it is in effect the end of > NEA. This situation > > > creates > > > great concerns about Congressional funding for > creative arts in > America, > > > since > > > NEA provides major support for NPR (National > Public > Radio), PBS > (Public > > > Broadcasting System), and numerous other creative > and performing > arts. > > If > > > NEA is lost or weakened, our lives will be > similarly > diminished. > > > > > > In spite of the efforts of each station to reduce > spending costs and > > > streamline their services, some government > officials > believe that > > > the funding currently going to these programs is > too > large a portion > of > > > funding for something which is seen as not > worthwhile. > > > > > > Currently, taxes from the general public for PBS > equal $1.12 per > person > > > per year, and the National Endowment for the Arts > equals $.64 a year. > > > A January 1995 CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll indicated > that 76% of > > > Americans wish to keep funding for PBS, third only > to national > defense > > and > > > law enforcement as the most valuable programs for > federal funding. > > > > > > Each year, the Senate and House Appropriations > Committees each have > 13 > > > subcommittees with jurisdiction over many programs > and agencies. > > > Each subcommittee passes its own appropriation > bill. >  The goal each > year > > is > > > to have each bill signed by the beginning of the > fiscal year, which > is > > > October 1. > > > > > > The only way that our representatives can be aware > of the base of > support > > > for PBS and funding for these types of programs is > by our making our > > > voices heard. > > > > > > Please add your name to this list and forward it > to > friends who > > > believe in favor of what this stands for. > > > > > > The full list will be forwarded to the President > of > the United > States, > > > the Vice President, and the Speaker of the House, > whose office has in > > > the past been the instigator of the action to cut > funding to these > > > worthwhile programs. > > > > > > This petition is being passed around the Internet. > > Please add your > name > > > to it so that funding can be maintained for the > NEA, > NPR, and PBS. > > > > > > THIS IS OUR CHANCE TO MAKE INTERNET TECHNOLOGY > WORK > AS A VOICE IN OUR > > > DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM.  IT'S EASIER THAN EVER TO MAKE > OUR VOICES HEARD. > > > > > > Please keep the petition rolling.  Do not reply to > me. > > > > > > Sign your name and locale to the list and forward > it > to others to > sign. > > > If you prefer not to sign, please send the list to > the email address > > > given below.  This is being forwarded to numerous > people at once to > add > > > their names to the petition. It won't matter if > many > people receive > > > the same list, as the names are being managed. > This > is for anyone > who > > > thinks NPR and PBS deserve $1.12/year of their > taxes. > > > > > > If you sign, please forward the list to others. > If > not, please don't > > kill > > > it. > > > > > > **** If you happen to be the 150th, 200th, 250th, > etc., signer of > this > > > petition, please forward a copy to: > wein2688@blue.univnorthco.edu > This > > > way we can keep track of the lists and organize > them.  Forward this > to > > > everyone you know, and help us to keep these > programs alive. > > > > > > Thank you !!! > > > NOTE: It is preferable that you SELECT the > entirety > of this letter > and > > > then COPY it into a NEW outgoing message, rather > than simply > forwarding > > > it.  In your new outgoing message, add your name > to > the bottom of the > > > list, then send it on.  Or, if the option is > available, do a SEND > AGAIN. > > > > > > 1.  David Liberman, Sylva, NC > > > 2.  Marie Harrison, Sylva, NC > > > 3.  Randi Beckmann, Ithaca, NY > > > 4.  Bill Wertheim, Mt.  Vernon, NY > > > 5.  Marlene Wertheim, Mt.  Vernon, NY > > > 6.  George Wertheim, San Francisco, CA. > > > 7.  Linda Wertheim, San Francisco, CA > > > 8.  Linda R.  Semi, Walnut Creek, CA > > > 9.  Margaret C.  Forness, Pleasant Hill, CA > > > 10.  Phillip D.  Rubenstein, Syracuse, NY > > > 11.  Timothy J.  Connell, Madison, WI > > > 12.  Stacia E.  Jesner, Mt.  Kisco, NY > > > 13.  Jenna Schnuer, NYC, NY > > > 14.  Julia Kohn, NY, NY > > > 15.  Maria Sarro, NY, NY > > > 16.  Evan Schwartz, Cliffside Park, NJ > > > 17.  Pat Waters, Lakewood, CO > > > 19.  Karen Tilton, Maquoketa, IA > > > 20.  Kent Crawford > > > 21.  Terry Dillon > > > 22.  Gene Bechen, Coralville, IA > > > 23.  Neal Schnoor, Kearney, NE > > > 24.  Sam Zitek, Crete, NE > > > 25.  Jay Kloecker > > > 26.  Marilyn Godby, Papillion, NE > > > 27.  Lucina Johnson > > > 28.  Alfred Tom Johnson > > > 29.  Tyler Corey Johnson > > > 30.  A.  Corey Limbach > > > 31.  Paula Smith, Berkeley, CA > > > 32.  Pat Quinn, Alameda, CA > > > 33.  Andrea Quinn, Alameda, CA > > > 34.  Jerry Hackett, Berkeley, CA > > > 35.  Richard Hackett, NY > > > 36.  Jeffrey Green, CA > > > 37.  Phil Chernin, CA > > > 38.  Sandra S.  Bauer, CA > > > 39.  Gregory LeVasseur, San Francisco, CA > > > 40.  Keiko LeVasseur, San Francisco, CA > > > 41.  Diego Gonzalez, San Francisco, CA > > > 42.  David D.  Berkowitz, Washington, DC > > > 43.  Peter Glass, Bellevue, WA > > > 44.  Mary Frances Rimpini, Kent, WA > > > 45.  Mary Frances Stevens, Kirkland, WA > > > 46.  Linda Grebmeier, Benicia, CA > > > 47.  Lee Altman, Benicia, CA > > > 48.  Jeffrey Gray, South Orange, NJ > > > 49.  Ed Jones, Orange, NJ > > > 50.  Daniel P.  Jones, Glenside, PA > > > 51.  Jenifer Goetz, State College, PA > > > 52.  Arnold R.  Post, Carrboro, NC > > > 53.  Anna E.  Post, Carrboro, NC > > > 54.  Robert A.  Post, Cape May, NJ > > > 55.  Evelyn M.  Post, Cape May, NJ > > > 56.  Jay A.  Sklaroff, Philadelphia, PA > > > 57.  Harry M.  Sklaroff, Washington, DC > > > 58.  Susan E.  Salmons, Washington, DC > > > 59.  Dori Langevin, Silver Spring, MD > > > 60.  Ted Langevin, Silver Spring, MD > > > 61.  David Mercier, Easton, MD > > > 62.  Phoebe Harding, Baltimore, MD > > > 63.  Molly Rath, Baltimore, MD > > > 64.  Terry O'Hara, Baltimore, MD > > > 65.  Nina Wendt, Baltimore, MD > > > 66.  Marilyn Clark, Baltimore, MD > > > 67.  Cathy McKinney, Boone, NC > > > 68.  Harold McKinney, Boone, NC > > > 69.  Milena Garcia, Columbia, MD > > > 70.  Timothy Morrison, Devore, CA > > > 71.  Virginia S.  Kallay Cleveland, OH > > > 72.  Nancy Cleaveland, Atlanta, GA > > > 73.  Cindy Lutenbacher, Decatur, GA > > > 74.  Kaye Norton, Columbus, OH > > > 75.  Elaine Haidt, Chapel Hill, NC > > > 76.  Harold Haidt, Chapel Hill, NC > > > 76.  Frank Church, Chapel Hill, NC > > > 77.  Astrid R.  Jarzembowski, Garrison, NY > > > 78.  Ted Wischhusen, Mesa, AZ > > > 79.  Hugh Wischhusen, Tucson, AZ > > > 80.  Theo Wischhusen, North Brunswick, NJ > > > 81.  Ian Swanson, Bakersfield, CA > > > 82.  Beigher Taylor, Bakersfield, CA > > > 83.  Donald McClure, San Diego, CA > > > 84.  Kimberly Ver Steeg, New York, NY > > > 85.  Lynda Akerman, Long Island City, NY > > > 86.Theresa > > > 87 Donnell Moseley > > > 88. Louise Sanchione, Scottsdale, AZ > > > 89.  Ryan Krch, Phoenix, AZ > > > 90. Dayna Kowata Robinson, Mesa, AZ > > > 91. Nancy Lust > > > 92. Holly Thorsen > > > 93  (Rtrd St Senator) Donn Charnley, Shoreline, WA > > > 94. Mary F. Fox, Shoreline, WA > > > 95. Brenda Devereux-Graminski, Shoreline, WA > > > 96. Jerry Graminski, Shoreline, WA > > > 97. Karen Johnson, Redmond, WA > > > 98. Francine Staczek, Seattle, WA > > > 99. David Staczek, Seattle, WA > > > 100. Maya Lucchitta, Seattle, WA > > > 101. Markus Doerry,  Anchorage, AK > > > 102.  Janae Wallace, Salt Lake City, UT > > > 103. Karen De Rose Salt Lake City, UT. > > > 104.  Hilary Garrett  Vancouver, WA > > > 105.  Mike Rivera, Taos, NM > > > 106. Jaquelin LoydTaos,NM > > > 107.  Allegra Huston, Taos NM > > 108. Trey Speegle, Brooklyn, NY > > 109. Roswell Hamrick, New York City, NY > 110. Peter Frank, New York City > 111. Stephen Magner, Washington DC > 112. Ilse Lemke, Corte Madera, CA > 113. Anna Kauffman, San Francisco, CA > 114. Kelly Irby 115. Amelia Stephan, San Francisco, CA >116. Nicholas Stephan, Houston, TX  >117.       Susan Scott, Houston, TX 
 Pursuant to your request, attached is a very plain-vanilla motion to intervene out of time and motion to expedite that you can provide to your non-Gallup customers if you like.  If you do so, please inform them that we are not providing this as legal advice but merely as an example, and whether they choose to file in this proceeding and the content of what they file is up to their own respective legal and regulatory departments. 
 Where were you last night? 
 Tell Lisa that EOL sucks...I've had to rebook 40 screwed up deals...hope to be there by 7:00 
 Turns out my boss is going to get to Teala's at @ 5:00.  So if you want to show up earlier, say 6:00/6:30, I'm sure that would be cool.  I know Ben, Nick and possibly Sunil are planning on going so you may want to see when they are planning on getting there. 
 I'm finally having my going away Happy Hour with my old group tonight so I'm out.   Sorry.  Hope you guys have fun (Don't forget Woody's is a cheese-fest) 
 I too enjoyed our talk last night ( I'm always interested in other viewpoints, it is only by examining them that we challenge our own).  The Happy Hour tonight is at Teala's on West Dallas.  My recommendation is that you plan on arriving at 7:00 or later.  Hopefully by that time my old manager will have had enough to drink he won't mind all these other people on his tab.  I must admit, the job just keeps sounding better and better.  P.S. Thanks for the compliment...that's a quality I like being associated with. 
 While I don't truly fear you becoming a bitter individual as a result of these negative experiences, I do feel the highlighted section below is now more appropriate than ever.  One must keep their eyes open and use all of the wisdom they possess when they trust.  Just as I suggested that positive experiences can cause one's level of trust to grow exponentially, negative experiences can cause irreparable harm.  If you trust blindly or too willingly and that trust is violated it colours every aspect of your life.  There are too many people in this world that have become bitter and cynical, not because they were born that way but, because they handed out trust haphazardly and too many times that trust was thrown back in their face.  I don't mean to suggest from the above that one should live in a day-to-day mind-set of distrust but rather that they must really look at people and all the aspects which they posses. I have come to the conclusion that if you spend most of your time observing and listening to people rather than always taking the lead you will learn a great deal more about them and their character.  The smallest acts and statements can in fact say the most, so always be observant. (This includes listening to what others have to say and paying attention to the opinions of people whom you respect.)  To that end I have one last comment...I am constantly amazed and periodically reminded what fragile creatures we humans are.  That beyond the hype and self-grandizing the basic components of ourselves (our experiences, fears, cares, concerns, needs etc.) cannot be completely disregarded and will always be a part of us.  I think that only by recognizing those components and trying to understand their origin can we truly become stronger. 
 *31455 
 I'm sure we can find you a ride over there.  What time do you think you're going to be finished-up here? 
 Are you still going to run? 
 I have purchased 4 tickets to Saturday night's show.  Maybe we can all go out to dinner before-hand or I wouldn't mind having everyone over to my place for a little wine and food?  Also, I don't think I can make this week's Tasters dinner because my old group is having a belated going away happy hour in honour of me.  PARTAY!!! 
 no comments this month 
 As you know, current firm contracts on Transwestern provide for delivery of 250 MMcf/d of gas to Topock.  In the context of the Gallup Expansion, Transwestern has entered into firm contracts for an additional 40 MMcf/d to Topock.  Once the Gallup expansion is built, Transwestern will have a total of 290 MMcf/d of firm capacity under contract to the Topock delivery point: 40 MMcf/d more than PG&E has agreed to accept while PCBs continue to be present.  Bill Cordes has asked what Transwestern's potential liability to shippers would be if PG&E's refusal to accept deliveries due to the continued presence of contaminants causes Transwestern to have to curtail firm service at PG&E/Topock.  The legal answer is that Transwestern's tariff provides for a reservation charge refund but does not limit the damages that could be sought by a shipper.  More specifically, Rate Schedule FTS-1 specifically provides for a reservation charge refund if Transwestern fails to deliver gas for a firm shipper.  In December, January, February, July and August, the shipper is entitled to a reservation charge refund for all nominated and confirmed quantities not delivered.  In all other months, the shipper is entitled to a refund only if deliveries fall below 75% of nominated/confirmed quantities for a period of 75 consecutive days. The tariff does not preclude a shipper from seeking other damages resulting from Transwestern's failure to provide service under an FTS-1 contract.  A shipper whose firm service is curtailed would likely incur damages in addition to the reservation charge, including, for example, the cost of buying spot gas or damages resulting from the shipper's inability to fulfill contractual obligations. Such damages could be recovered in a breach of contract action.  Not all shippers would incur such damages because some might be willing to take delivery of gas at alternate points if capacity is available at such points.  Bill has asked Steve to work with me in quantifying our potential exposure. I could really use your help in putting a dollar amount on potential damages.  Can we meet briefly to discuss this?  I'm available after the Gallup meeting tomorrow a.m., or after lunch on Friday...or we can discuss a meeting time for next week.  Thank you. 
 By the way, when are you leaving for NY/moving all of your stuff?  And, when's your last day at the Big "E"? 
 I will most likely have a good headstart by the time you get there. 
 What time are you thinking about getting over there? 
 It is tonight and it looks as though we will have great weather.  I'm planning on getting there ASAP as I've had a rough week already and need some beer in a bucket. 
 I apologise for the delay in my response to your email.  Thank you for contacting me regarding the rotational opportunity in your group.  While it sounds intriguing, I will not be able to pursue it as I have already begun my second rotation with ENA.  However, I would appreciate the opportunity to learn more about your group and any possible future rotations.  Please let me know if you would be able to meet at some later date.  Thank you again. 
 I've called and checked before and evidently the steak cook comes rain, sleet, snow or hail.  So unless everyone's opposed to eating inside, if it's raining, we can go no matter what. 
 Who all would you like on your guest list for tomorrow?  Regular crew? 
 I may have to start training now for that. 
 In honour of your departure I think it is only right that we do "Red Meat" one more time.  I feel as though I've said this a lot lately but...Congratulations.  I don't want to devalue the statement by repeating it over and over again so just know that I am completely sincere when I say it. The money sounds fantastic, although I hope that aside from the money you enjoy and are challenged by your new role.  I may not know you inside and out but I do know that you need to be in an exciting and fast-paced environment to hold your interest and sustain motivation and this sounds like it will provide that for you.  Also, the step up position-wise is great and I think deserved.  As far as being scared goes, that'll be our little secret.  You do know though that fear is a great motivator and often provides us with that extra push to do and try the things we may not have otherwise done.  I guess this means I'll have a good excuse to visit NY. 
 Sure, why the heck not.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Christine -- Here's a brief answer to your questions.  With regard to segmentation, Order 637 is completely silent with regard to rates to be charged for segmented capacity, so we would have considerable leeway here.  The order is also silent with respect to the effective restriction of segmented capacity by making discounts inapplicable to certain alternate (or primary) points.  Hopefully TW will be able to avoid the segmentation issue altogether by invoking the Global Settlement, as we plan to do in our rehearing request and compliance filing.  (Our Global Settlement argument is that we should be able to rely on tariff provisions, including our current restriction on changing primary points, that were implemented to mitigate the effects of turnback on TW).  On hourly service, I believe that we could put an hourly service into place on TW without  running afoul of the Peak and Off-Peak Rates (i.e., seasonal rates) provisions of the order.  In other words, I think the Commission would see them as two separate kinds of service.  As for how to communicate with our customers, I believe Regulatory has offered to have a meeting with TW customers in early April to make a presentation on Order 637 and provide a forum for discussion.  I realize the order becomes effective March 27; however, compliance filings are not due until May 1, and some requirements do not even become effective until September 1.  Before the beginning of April, the GPG pipelines will simply not have their positions fully formed enough to make a very well-organized presentation to persons outside the company.  The meeting is still in the planning stages and I will fill you in on details as they are available.  In the meantime, if your customers have questions, I'll be happy to help answer them. 
 O.K.  Just wanted to see if we're still on for Saturday night.  Let me know if anyone else wants to come because I think I'm just going to order the tickets today over the phone or on the internet.  Also, I was trying to remember how much I covered of your meal the other night at Sabroso's.  I think it was around $15, so if it's okay with you I'll just pay for your ticket and then take the difference from the amount you sent in that email and cut you a check for that amount (I know I'm very delinquent).  I promise I'm good for the money.  Also, was wondering if you're still interested in the Bruce Cockburn concert on the 11th.  Just let me know.  Hope your having a wonderful day. 
 I just finished having lunch with Tobin and he filled me in a bit about this morning's meeting.  I don't know how you reacted, if you were upset, etc. but I wanted to offer this up if you were struggling with the situation. Whatever happens and whatever is said about your move don't ever lose sight of the fact that in every aspect of this situation you conducted yourself in the best and most open manner possible.  In no way can or should your conduct be called into question.  Bearing that in mind any criticism that was expressed within the meeting this morning was beyond inappropriate.  I am sure it reflected much more poorly on the accuser than it did any of those being criticized.  Furthermore, just keep focused on what an incredible opportunity this move is going to be for you and all of the doors it will inevitably open.  There isn't a doubt in my mind that you are bound for great things, you just have to seize the opportunities that will lead to that when they come along (which is exactly what you've done).  Keep your chin up and whatever you do don't doubt yourself or your actions. 
 Again Mark I am flattered that you include me in these explanations...but I don't really need them anymore. 
 Ben was actually already planning on going.  In fact he informed me he would be bringing a friend from Canada.  FYI - I didn't know there was a "friend" in Canada until very recently (although I had my suspicions) and further more had never heard a name until today.  Regardless, any friend of y'alls is a friend of mine.  Also, Nick is going to bring Amy (his significant other).  Should be an interesting evening. 
 It looks like people are going to start arriving around 7:00 so I'd say just show up after your done running and getting all pretty.  I'm sure we'll all be there till at least 10:00. 
 So are you going tonight or not? 
 You're the greatest.  I think Little Woodrow's is on for tonight although I'm still waiting to see if my brother and his wife want to go out tonight (he leaves for South Korea Sunday), if they're a no go I will be on the deck with a bucket of beer.  P.S. You are in peak physical condition. 
 Is it really so you can look at girls or so people can look at you?  I think your right about everyone being able to beat anyone with one important caveat.  The individuals in question must be in the same strata.  I would not anticipate that an olympic medal winning long-distance runner could be beat by Joe Shmoe who runs every day at Memorial Park.  Of course if one is patient and bides their time they could probably stand a shot when the guy gets really old and slow.  Also, are you so bold as to suggest you've never lost?  Or do you not identify them as losses but rather the results of your own choosing? 
 No I'm not close b/c I can't take off 2hrs from work to go run in the park. However, I am getting up every morning at 6 to go run so that ought to count for extra.  Besides when did this become a contest I wouldn't think you'd consider me a worthy adversary... at least not yet.  I do know the model you're speaking of, but isn't she married to some billionaire in Venezuela? 
 The post-id should be 766556.  I am still inputting the unofficial post-id on a daily basis in that file that was created for you all, O:\Erms\erms_adm\GasDaily\GDailyDrop.  Let me know if there's anything else I can do. 
 See my changes on the attached. 
 How was NY? 
 Just wanted to ease your mind and let you know that I have not discussed your impending move with anyone save those you have already informed.  I am well aware of the sensitivity of the subject.  Believe it or not, sometimes I am able to keep my mouth shut. 
 Ginger,  I would very much like to participate in the meeting this Thursday. However, given that it is bid-week, I cannot absolutely guarantee my attendance.  If it is at all possible for me to include myself with the caveat that I may have to pull-out last minute I would really appreciate the opportunity.  Please let me know if this is all right and I will do everything I can to attend. 
 What is it about the two of you that you think I can't handle?  And believe me I am making efforts to enlist worthy participants. 
 Our regular Wednesday night crowd will be somewhat diminished.  However the most important individuals will be present...Us. 
 Who's picking on me?  I'll see what I can do but most of my girlfriends live in other cities and besides who wants to expend energy entertaining second string candidates? 
 I'm not going to take any lip from you.  The name is Little Woodrow's and it's on W. Alabama just off of Kirby. 
 Who all's going? 
 Say 7:30-7:45 and your on. 
 What kind of time frame are we looking at? 
 Donna Fulton is planning on attending the technical conference in the Amoco/Burlington complaint proceeding on El Paso's allocation procedures. She has asked that we let her know, if possible, what particular issues we are interested in, as this will help her prepare for the conference.  Please let me know if you have any comments in this regard.  One caveat:  the technical conference is for "interested parties" only, and since TW is not an intervenor Donna is subject to being kicked out of the conf. if El Paso does not want TW represented there.  ENA will probably be sending a representative so at the very least we can probably get some intelligence from them. 
 For April 2000: Your mind is so active, inventive, and unlimited this month that you're capable of almost anything! (You've privately believed that the rules don't necessarily apply to you.) This month, your incredible adaptability and powers of persuasion help you shed the status quo and break out of the corral. Unless you catch your foot in a bear trap, nothing can stop you. People are fascinated by your mind, wit, ideas, and conversation. (Don't forget: Oprah Winfrey is an Aquarius!) Your views are welcomed and provoke others to investigate things they may have taken for granted. Speak up during the first week, especially if it's to announce you're starting a new venture. Business travel is likely during the first and third weeks, especially if contractual issues need to be finalized. Travel is actually enjoyable this month and can open your eyes to fresh horizons. Aquarius. . . you've dragged your tin cup across the bars long enough. I smell a prison break. . . . 
 AQUARIUS  For April 17-23: Travel plans shape up and morph into much more. Every step you take seems to branch out into a sea of possibilities -- especially lately. The old rules don't apply anymore. The idea of signing up for something and hanging in there until retirement doesn't suit an innovator like you. Your developing success will beget an avalanche of more success. Have your bags packed in preparation for spur of the moment opportunities and travel necessities. Your wanderlust is starting to surface in a big way. You want to know more and experience life on a richer level. You're not the same person you were even a year ago. You understand more about yourself. Be open to travel, moving, advanced training, and additional contact with media and publishing. The word is out, Aquarius -- and hard-to-pass-up offers are already in the mail. . . . 
 You know me...any excuse to celebrate.  Name a time and place...amazingly my calendar appears to be open tomorrow night. 
 Congratulations and yes you did.  I of course will be sad to see you go but= I=20 know this is something you really wanted and therefore I can be nothing but= =20 pleased for you.  I'd tell you to have fun this weekend in NY, but telling= =20 you to have a good time in NY is like telling a sprinter to run fast. =20  As for myself I'm doing well.  I had incredible seats at the Opera Friday a= nd=20 spent the rest of the weekend in Austin so all in all it was a great weeken= d. Remind me again where you will be based in the new job (I thought NY but=20 wasn't sure).  Also, when do you make the Big Move?  As I've said before keep me posted on all your endeavors...they are always= =20 interesting.  I think you already hold pretty true to the statement below, but it never= =20 hurts to be reminded.   "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20 life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished= =20 business, time still to be served,=20 or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that= =20 these obstacles WERE my "life." =20 So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for = no=20 one...  So stop waiting  until you finish school,  until you go back to school,  until you lose ten pounds,  until you gain ten pounds,  until you have kids,  until your kids leave the house= ,  until you start work,  until you retire,  until you get married,  until you get divorced,  until Friday night,  until Sunday morning,  until you get a new car or home= ,  until your car or home is paid o= ff,  until spring,  until summer,  until fall,  until winter,  until you are off welfare,  until the first or fifteenth= ,  until your song comes on,  until you've had a drink,  until you've sobered up,  until you die,  until you are born again  to decide that there is no better time than=20 right now to be happy=01(  Happiness is a journey, not a=20 destination. =20 -- Alfred D. Souza 
 I obviously didn't get up this morning to work-out...So I was wondering if you wanted to go for a run before Felicity tonight.  I should be home by 6:30 or 7:00.  Let me know. 
 I was remiss in excluding y'all from the original distribution.  Please=20 except my apologies. 
 Just found out from Minal that you guys are going to Osteria D'Aldo for your shower.  I hope you have a wonderful time but I have to warn you that the wine selection is extensive and the food is fantastic (although not very low-cal).  I know you're in the final stretch of the bet, however this just might be cause for a loss.  Bon Appetit! 
 Mike no longer writes actual tickets.  Confirms can find the information in the following location:  O:\_Dropbox\NYMEXDaysTrades\GDWest\BrokerTradeTickets\mmddyygdwest.xls  All of Mike's tickets deals can be found in this same location on a daily basis. 
 " To dream anything that you want to dream - that is the beauty of the human mind.  To do anything you want to do - that is the strength of the human will.  To trust yourself to test your limits - that is the courage to succeed."   " Embrace hard things and your mind will blossom."    "This is America ENRON. We can do anything here." -- Ted Turner   Sunil Dalal   "Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense."  -Ralph Waldo Emerson   "To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty, to find the best in others; to leave the world a little better; whether by a healthy child, a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is the meaning of success."   -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
 Don't you mean no more. 
 Thanks, Maria, this is very helpful.  I'm planning on drafting something this week for everyone's review.  Don't know if any other pipelines have tried to do anything similar but I'll find out. 
 Here's the answer to your question regarding 28.  The depth and complexity are overwhelming. 
 "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20 life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished= =20 business, time still to be served,=20 or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that= =20 these obstacles WERE my "life." =20 So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for = no=20 one...  So stop waiting  until you finish school,  until you go back to school,  until you lose ten pounds,  until you gain ten pounds,  until you have kids,  until your kids leave the house= ,  until you start work,  until you retire,  until you get married,  until you get divorced,  until Friday night,  until Sunday morning,  until you get a new car or home= ,  until your car or home is paid o= ff,  until spring,  until summer,  until fall,  until winter,  until you are off welfare,  until the first or fifteenth= ,  until your song comes on,  until you've had a drink,  until you've sobered up,  until you die,  until you are born again  to decide that there is no better time than=20 right now to be happy=01(  Happiness is a journey, not a=20 destination. =20 -- Alfred D. Souza 
 "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20 life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished= =20 business, time still to be served,=20 or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that= =20 these obstacles WERE my "life." =20 So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for = no=20 one...  So stop waiting  until you finish school,  until you go back to school,  until you lose ten pounds,  until you gain ten pounds,  until you have kids,  until your kids leave the house= ,  until you start work,  until you retire,  until you get married,  until you get divorced,  until Friday night,  until Sunday morning,  until you get a new car or home= ,  until your car or home is paid o= ff,  until spring,  until summer,  until fall,  until winter,  until you are off welfare,  until the first or fifteenth= ,  until your song comes on,  until you've had a drink,  until you've sobered up,  until you die,  until you are born again  to decide that there is no better time than=20 right now to be happy=01(  Happiness is a journey, not a=20 destination. =20 -- Alfred D. Souza 
 Sorry for the delayed response, I got really busy Friday afternoon and didn't check my email before I left. 
 I'm there. 
 I love this one.  To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers; tasted the fruits of your passion and learned your place in the world.  -- George Santayana 
 Here is some preliminary research on the Commercial Group's question of whether we can have a tariff provision in which shippers pay cash for fuel rather than providing fuel in kind.  If you want the attachments (examples of other pipelines' tariff provisions) I will send you a hard copy.  Comments? Are there any rate case implications I should be aware of? 
 This was one of the emails I told you about. 
 Quite good.  They definitely provide a chuckle. 
 So Burton hits me with "I hear you drink like a fish.  Supposedly you were slamming them back last night."  When I asked where he garnered such information he told me "From our friend on 28."  I promptly sent the following message "Nice...so do you inform everyone you come in contact with that I drink like a fish?"  Result, no response to me but he called Burton to lambast him for ratting him out.  And the eternal question remains, if no longer interested why care so much? 
 Please include me on the volunteer e-mail list. 
 I literally had tears in my eyes reading this one.  It sounded like a possible Santamaria outing. Enron North America Corp. 
 That was amazing. 
 Not quite as enlightening as the last email, but much funnier. 
  - The Paradox of Our Time.doc - jschoene.vcf 
 Hi Lindy.  Sorry I've not yet set up the meeting on imbalances...I feel I am still lacking focus so thought I'd run this by you for your comments before inviting people.  First of all, I believe the general topics we wanted to address were:  - imbalance netting & trading - mandatory use of Park N Ride service for out of balance operators - hourly determination of imbalances  Is this correct?  Next, the list of attendees:  you, me, Darrell, Richard Hanagriff, Sheila Nacey (or someone else she designates).  Anyone else?  As far as timing, I am very flexible, so let me know what works for you, and I'll get it set up. 
 Just wanted to share this thought with all of you.  - The Paradox of Our Time.doc - jschoene.vcf  It is because of nights like last night with company such as yours that I remain optimistic in the face of statements such as the one attached. 
 Sorry, I forgot to include you in the last email.  Hope to see you tonight. 
 Wilson, my most heartfelt apologies.  I failed to include you on the last email (huge oversite on my part). 
 Via a quick phone call to Little Woodrow's I was informed that the "steak dude" (as nstepha has coined him) cooks come rain, sleet, snow or shine. Thus, our evening out is on.  See everyone there around 7:30 p.m.  If you can't make it till later that's OK we'll save you a seat.  Besides, most of you would probably put good money down on my being there until closing. Cheers. 
 Barring weather issues, it would appear as though we are on for Little Woodrow's tonight.  I don't believe a definite time has been set as of yet, but seeing as how they ran out of steaks last week I suggest we get there as early as possible.  Should we be rained out an alternative location will be chosen. 
 With the exception of Sunil no one answered the original question (Do we want to go somewhere we can eat?).  Given that the three of you sit within inches of each other, I'm going to let y'all discuss the matter and get back to me. Anything's OK with me so just let me know what you come up with.   If you get stumped I'd be happy to offer some suggestions. 
 Is there actually a fun sushi place?  And do they have Ichiban beer? 
 Given that tonight's weather conditions may not permit dining alfresco, I was wondering if we should come up with an alternative plan.  I think the first order of business is whether or not we want to go some place we can eat or if everyone just wants to meet up post dinner.  Depending on everyone's preferences I have several suggestions.  Let me know your thoughts (regarding tonight). 
 The quote speaks to so many in such personal ways...Obviously you identified with it's message.  Although, I'm not sure about the Dalai Lama comment as he does believe in a power higher than himself.  As for myself...  I am still measuring my powers.  They seem to lie in such varied arenas that I never know what I will discover day-to-day.  As far as tasting the fruits of my passion, you know what they say...the first bite is the sweetest.  And I must say I look forward with great anticipation to sitting down at the table when the time is right.  My place in the world is a combination of one of the guys and the ever idealistic, eternal optimist (i.e. I see what is and yet still hold out hope for more). * I don't believe the sentiment in Return to Me was pure fiction.  Given all of this I am very happy. 
 With regard to the Commission's limitations on the right of first refusal, Order 637 provides for grandfathering of discounted long-term contracts that are now subject to ROFR.  The Commission's rationale was that grandfathering gives all shippers notice of the new limitation and the opportunity to re-execute current contracts.  The TW Commercial Group has asked whether we should challenge the grandfathering of existing contracts.  In limiting the right of first refusal, the Commission has expressly acknowledged that if a customer is truly captive and has no alternatives for service, it is likely that its contract will be at the maximum rate.  Shippers that are not captive and have alternatives in the marketplace do not need the protection of ROFR, and the pipeline should be able to negotiate with other interested shippers upon expiration of the contract.  In light of these conclusions, there should be no reason to grandfather the ROFR rights of shippers under existing discounted contracts.  Such shippers would not be harmed by removal of the right immediately upon the effective date of a pipeline's tariff filing to limit the right of first refusal (assuming the service contract incorporates tariff terms on an "as amended" basis).  Consistent with the Commission's order, it would not be unfair to make these shippers compete with others for the capacity upon expiration of the contract. 
 First and foremost you are a father, then a husband and then a poet. 
 Please refrain from any snide or negative commentary regarding my efforts to gain a clearer perspective on life as they are sincere.  To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers; tasted the fruits or your passion and learned your place in the world.  -- George Santayana 
 Mark,  Thanks for still including me in the distribution,  it makes me feel important.  However, as I have moved out of the controls group it probably isn't necessary to include me any longer. 
 I possesed many of the items featured in this email, but my favorite by far was the one featured in the final frame.  I was a super-hero in the universe other wise known as my backyard. 
 As you will note from the email address, my last name is Scott.  If that is not enough information to derive my number I will have to question the level of intelligence I had previously afforded you.  However, as I hate having my illusions shattered, I'll save myself from possible disappointment and just give you the number...ext. 31455. 
 The Word of the Day for April 7 is:=20  gadzookery =01=07 \gad-ZOO-kuh-ree\ =01=07 (noun)=20 : the use of archaisms (as in a historical novel)=20  Example sentence: "Get rid of the gadzookery," Bruce's editor cautioned. "Mirabella can perfectly well say 'please' instead of=20 'prithee.'"=20  Did you know? "Gadzooks . . . you astonish me!" cries Mr. Lenville in= =20 Charles Dickens' Nicholas Nickleby. We won't accuse Dickens of gadzookery ("the bane of historical fiction," as historic= al=20 novelist John Vernon called it in Newsday magazine), because we assume people actually said "gadzooks" back in the 1830s. That mild oath is an old-fashioned euphemism, so it is=20 thought, for "God's hooks" (a reference, supposedly, to the nails = of=20 the Crucifixion). But it's a fine line today's historical=20 novelist must toe, avoiding expressions like "zounds" and "pshaw" and= =20 "tush" ("tushery" is a synonym of the newer "gadzookery," which= =20 first cropped up in the 1950s), as well as "gadzooks," while at= =20 the same time rejecting modern expressions such as "okay" and "nice." 
 Please don't think less of me as a person, but this really made me laugh.   > I've got game....'Ole! > > > > Subject:      FW: The Joys of Marriage > >  <<cuddles>> >  - FARTINGI.AVI - RFC-822.TXT 
 Richard, you can remove my name from the distribution list as I have rotated to a new group and am no longer working in the controls group.  Thank you. 
 I think I had too much nectar last night. 
 Just wanted to let you know that the Richardson deal has been entered into TAGG.  The deal number is NE2760. 
 The Word of the Day for April 6 is:=20  ambrosia =01=07 \am-BRO-zhuh\ =01=07 (noun)=20 1 a : the food of the Greek and Roman gods b : the ointme= nt or perfume of the gods=20 *2 : something extremely pleasing to taste or smell=20 3 : a dessert made of oranges and shredded coconut=20  Example sentence: "We feasted that evening as on nectar and ambrosia; and n= ot the least delight of the entertainment was the smile of gratification with which our hostess regarded us, as we= =20 satisfied our famished appetites on the delicate fare she liberally supplied." (Charlotte Bronte, Jane Eyre)=20  Did you know? "Ambrosia" literally means "immortality" in Greek; it is = a derivative of the Greek word "ambrotos," meaning "immorta= l," which combines the prefix "a-" (meaning "not") with=20 "-mbrotos" (meaning "mortal"). In Greek and Roman mythology, only immortals -- gods and goddesses -- could eat ambrosia. Th= ose mythological gods and goddesses also drank "nectar," whic= h,=20 in its original sense, refers to the "drink of the gods."=20 (Even today, you'll often find the words "ambrosia" and "nectar" in ea= ch other's company.) While the "ambrosia" of the gods preven= ted death, we mere mortals use "ambrosia" in reference to thi= ngs that just taste or smell especially delicious. 
 Wilson, I treasure your NY attitude.  I think part of the reason you find so few hotties in Houston/Texas is that travel and exposure add such an intangible element to a person and very few Texas girls have experienced either.  I think everyone has a different definition of good, some more lenient some more stringent.  At least that has been my experience. 
 It occurred to me last night after you two had left that we never quantified what constitutes a "good" girl.  And, given that oversight I may have been remiss in stating that Wilson was not ready for said good girl.  Just as the opinion of women in Texas differed between you Yanks and the Texas boys at the table, I am inclined to believe that our definitions of a "good" girl may not be in line.   P.S. -- A person in their nineties is referred to as a nonagenarian.  (We really should have figured that one out last night.) 
 Lorraine:  here's what we would have to show FERC, along with some of my comments.  Let me know if you have additional ideas, and I'll turn it into a draft to send around to the usual suspects.  1.  Rate impact on TW customers; method by which TW would collect the costs of the acquired capacity.  -  I assume TW would be at risk for any undercollection of revenue associated with the PNM capacity; thus there is no cost-shift potential to other shippers. - Net costs will be separately recorded.  2.  Would acquisition of PNM capacity enable TW to gain control over access to upstream capacity and supply sources in a manner which would permit TW to limit customer choices or improperly tie use of the acquired capacity to other pipeline services?  (I think Mary Kay will be able to help us explain the "no tying" part).  3.  Would TW's marketing affiliates receive preferential treatment?  - No TW marketing affiliate will be involved in the proposed transaction - Acquisition of PNM capacity will not result in any undue preference or advantage to any affiliated entity.  4.  Will TW as a holder of capacity receive preferential treatment over PNM's customers, to the detriment of PNM's customers?  - No.  PNM will be making the capacity available to TW only during periods in which it has unused capacity available on its system, so any impact on PNM shippers should be minimal. - Service contract under PNM's tariff does not provide for unduly preferential treatment of TW.  5.  How will capacity be managed or otherwise integrated into TW's existing open access operations?  - TW will enter into service agreements with PNM from time to time to transport gas on the portion of PNM's line from Blanco, NM (i.e., the Blanco Hub operated by TW) to Rio Puerco, NM, where PNM's system interconnects with TW's mainline.  Resulting available capacity will be posted according to TW's tariff. - The capacity will be used to serve customers under TW's FTS-1, LFT and ITS (right?) rate schedules from the Blanco receipt point to delivery points on TW's system. - Lorraine -- we need to discuss our arrangement with PNM -- Would we be able to acquire on an as-needed basis?  Would it be an ordinary service agreement as provided in their tariff?  Which would come first, our deal with PNM or with our shipper?  It might be good to come up with some examples of likely scenarios.  6.  Would acquisition of PNM capacity prevent unnecessary construction of new facilities?  - Yes.  Demand currently exceeds available capacity on the San Juan Lateral.  Transwestern was unable to construct San Juan Phase II because of prohibitively high costs of obtaining an easement on Navajo land.  Using the PNM Blanco to Rio Puerco line is one of the few remaining alternatives available to TW to expand this portion of its system.  It would enable TW to transport an additional ______ of gas for shippers from the San Juan Basin to delivery points on the mainline of TW's system without the need for expanding the San Juan lateral.  The acquired capacity would benefit customers by effectively providing incremental capacity on a constrained portion of TW's system, at minimal cost to TW and no environmental disturbance.  Would enable both TW and PNM to use their systems more efficiently. 
 I am somewhat frightened that you would allow yourself to be referred to as MaximMan.  While I realize you are a fan of the magazine, professing so too loudly may hinder your efforts with the ladies (some of us do have a shread of dignity, which that periodical in particular attempts to tear away).  My advice is keep it in the closet or bathroom or where ever it comes in most "handy". 
 Are you experiencing some sort of split personality today?  Should I start referring to you as Ben or MaximMan depending on your responses? 
 "In an age when cloying, dumbed-down Internet "chat" threatens to reduce discourse to the linguistic equivalent of casual Fridays, men's-room vernacular is seeping alarmingly past its Pine Sol perimeter, infecting what is left of conversational civility.  Well-articulated sublimation--which has produced some damned fine (and sexy) art, music, and literature over the millennia--is no longer the default mode of expression.   That ageless Hot Boy, Michelangelo's David, could only have been produced through deft restraint.  But try telling that to some WWF instant Adonis with a protein-supplement habit."  --Gerri Hirshey 
 The Pub code has been changed to IF-ELPO/SJ.  Sorry for the mix-up. 
 The two new pub codes that need to be addded to TAGG are:  1.     GDP-WYOMING 2.     GDP-KERN/OPAL  Thanks. 
 You crack me up.  I was going to email you today and tell you about the Bruce Cockburn concert.  I am definitely interested.  Don't know what I'm doing this weekend, nothing scheduled as of yet so let's try and do something. Yes, I am interested in chipping in on a gift, just let me know what and how much.  I've heard that I-10 Chronicles CD is really good, I'll have to check it out.  Also, do you have Ray Wylie Hubbard's Crusades of the Restless Knights?  Every cut I hear from it on KPFT is so good.  Sorry so short with the email.  Even though they may be short I should be able to email throughout the day.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The scary thing is I don't think he was kidding.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Thanks.  Lindy and I are going to look at whether any changes will need to be made to the pro forma sheets we've filed, and will get back to you. 
 Something to keep in mind:  Since FERC has implied that it considers shipper support in determining whether to allow pipelines to hold capacity on other pipelines, the more shippers we can get to intervene in our filing, the better. 
 Hey, just wondering how your weekend of golf went.  Wouldn't want to be accused of cutting off contact again.  P.S. -- I got a very interesting response from Plauche following the mass email...he is definitely a different chap. 
 You must have too much time on your hands.  The situation has been corrected. 
 You try and do something nice, keep people informed and involved and it just gets thrown back in your face.  That's okay though because, "I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog-gonnit people like me." 
 You're off. 
 Sorry I've been MIA this week...new job and all.  Thought you might get a kick out of this email.  It's from that guy that is 25 but looks about 40. And yet he resurfaces again (read the email at the bottom first then his).  Yes I will be attending the Taster's dinner this evening.  Look forward to seeing you there. 
 Aren't we a poor sport. 
 Oh wait, I can't go to the ball game because I couldn't take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby (or send my secretary to do it for me).  For all of you who have managed to snag tickets for tonight's game congratulations and you suck.  For the rest of us stuck out in the cold I suggest the only viable alternative before us is to drown our sorrows in a cold bottle of beer (or two, or three...).  I realize the mass email has been MIA the last two weeks.  For some this may have been a welcomed relief.  For others there may have been some concern that they had been cut-off from the distribution.  At present no one has been removed from the distribution, but it is undergoing an audit.  Should it be determined that it is necessary to remove an individual from the list for any reason that individual will be notified and given an explanation.  If anyone would like to know the causes for expulsion you can write to:  I CAN'T BELIEVE ANYONE CARES IF THERE ON THIS DISTRIBUTION OR NOT BECAUSE THE ONLY PLACE WE SEEM TO GO IS WOODY'S EVERY THURSDAY BETWEEN 9:30 AND 10:00.  On that note, see you guys at Woody's tonight around 9:30 or 10:00. 
 Here are my comments, spice girl. 
 You can take me off of the email distribution for FX exposures also.  Thanks. 
 Remember those previous discussions about relaxation?  You know me well enough to know that I am not easily offended, and in fact have thoroughly enjoyed the preceding banter.  Still, I do appreciate your remembering that I am a lady. (I have a bad habit of forgetting.) 
 Yes, it was. 
 It is impossible to imply something when it has already been voiced so openly and enthusiastically.  (Tobin, you should watch how quickly you respond.) 
 It was not meant as an implication, but rather a reiteration of mind-sets expressed to me on multiple occasions.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The views expressed below are not those of Enron Corp. or any of it's subsidiaries. 
 Dart, you can take me off the email distribution list now that I've left the risk controls group.  Thanks. 
 ...because I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog-gonnit people like me. 
 The Commercial Group has asked whether they can sell daily firm for longer than a 3-month period.  This phrasing is of course misleading; TW's daily firm contracts are always for a term of just one day, but renew for consecutive one-day terms unless terminated.  The discount letter, on the other hand, grants a discounted rate for each of the one-day terms for a certain period of time (typically one month).  Steve Harris wants to be able to "sell daily firm for a one-year period."  In contractual terms all this would mean is that the contract is for renewabable one-day terms (as usual), and the discount applicable to such terms would be effective for one year.  I see no problem with this, do you?  (Apparently the current perception in marketing is that regulatory/legal was limiting daily firm to a 3-month period.) 
 Okay, that was really good. 
 Jen, you have no idea how appropriate that email was for me this morning.  I spent much of this weekend thinking the exact same thing.  I'm pretty sure the Monte concert is on a Saturday night, but I'll have to double check on that.  I got to see Mr. Smith Goes to Washington this weekend on the big screen at the old River Oaks Theater, it was wonderful.  And, Emily, Katy and myself went to Tin Hall Saturday night to see Earl Thomas Connally.  We met the three cutest, nicest real cowboys there.  It renewed my faith in the opposite sex. 
 No wanting to incur the wrath of Jen for failing to keep you informed.  Monte Montgomery will be playing at The Fabulous Satellite Lounge May 6. Hopefully, we can make this one. 
 Supposedly my phone is going to be switched over the weekend so I should be back in the world of reachable individuals next week.  I'm glad you appreciated my observation rather than taking offence.  I was afraid after two weeks of silence I may have pissed you off somehow, in which case that last email would have probably been the final nail in the coffin.  As far as the new job goes it is looking very promising.  Turns out my trader went to college with my brother-in-law, sister, and brother so we have too many mutual connections for him to be mean or rude to me.  Even without the connections he seems like a pretty cool guy and is very supportive of my learning all I can about his book.  Hopefully, after I get the daily routine down he'll let me sit with him during the down times and watch him work.  You should definitely try and see the film Saturday and even if you can't pull yourself out of bed you should rent it, I really think you would enjoy/be inspired by it (at least I am every time I watch it).  I hope things are well with you although I am sensing some disenchantment.  If that is the case I can give you a few tips on how to overcome and once again appreciate your current position in life.  Believe me over the last two months I have had ample opportunity to do just that.  Just let me know if I can return the favour you once did for me.  Have fun at y'alls Happy Hour tonight.  P.S.  How was Canada?  I heard through the grapevine you went the other weekend. 
 Do you honestly think Tobin can be a substitute for you? 
 Main Entry: al?tru?ism Pronunciation: 'al-tru-"i-z&m Etymology: French altruisme, from autrui other people, from Old French, oblique case form of autre other, from Latin alter Date: 1853 1 : unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others  We got to talking about you at lunch today.  Rudy mentioned that in effort to get your goat he often tells you your not being very altruistic towards him by consuming so much of his time requesting reports.  My understanding is that your typical response to this is "I am the most altruistic person."  I am sure you recognize the hypocrisy laden in this statement.  If a true altruist is unselfish then he would not care if his acts are recognized or not.  In fact, the true altruist hopes only that his acts benefit those to which they are directed.  We may have to downgrade you to "concerned individual".  But given your good-hearted and idealistic leanings I thought you would might like to know that the Landmark River Oaks Theatre is going to be showing Mr. Smith Goes to Washington Saturday and Sunday at 10:00 a.m.  If you haven't seen the film it's a black and white starring Jimmy Stewart as an idealistic, extremely unselfish young man who takes on the corrupt political machines of Washington, D.C. The film ranked 29th on AFI's (The American Film Institute) top 100 films of the Century list, and is tied for first place on the Sscott5 Greatest Films List..  FYI- Neither you nor Nick have been removed from the group email, I simply haven't sent one out in the past two weeks.  I will make sure you both receive my next brilliant composition.  I must say I was tempted to remove you given your complaints about receiving all of the follow-up commentary and a lack of appearances. 
 Hugo, you can go ahead and remove me from the distribution list as I have moved out of the controls group.  Good luck with everything, it has been great working with you. 
 Part I:  Dress Code for Female FERC Lawyers at FERC Proceedings*  Skirts must be mid-calf length and of a synthetic fabric. All clothing worn in FERC hearing rooms must be properly aged (12 years or more). No solid-colored garments are permitted.  Exceptions:  mauve, pink, peach, teal, harvest gold. Hair must be fuzzy, multi-colored and must partially conceal the face. Suntan hose must be worn at all times. Open-toed shoes (preferably in a lighter color than the hem of the skirt) are preferred. Those with a flair for fashion are permitted to wear inexpensive animal print garments, metallic accessories or clothing with fake fur trim, so as to attract attention to one's originality.  *also applicable to female practitioners at the Texas Railroad Commission and Public Utilities Commission. 
 Jason, you can go ahead and remove my name from the email distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group.  I've enjoyed working with you and will definitely pay you all a visit when I travel to London this fall.  Cheers. 
 Joel, you can remove my name from the distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group.  I have moved over to gas trading and am supporting one of the traders.  It's been great working with you and I'll be sure to say hi when I visit London this fall.  Cheers. 
 Mythology    "The Ten Commandments of a Military Wife"  1.Thou shalt not write in ink in thy address book.  2.Thou shalt not covet choice assignments of other uniformed braches of service.  3.Love thy neighbor.  4. Honor thy Commissary and Exchange as long as they both shall live.  5.Thou shalt not ridicule a local politician, for mighty senators from local politicians grow.  6.Thou shall look for the best in every assignment, even though the best may be. "The most childhood diseases in one year," or "Record snow in one months time."  7. Thou shall remember all thy friends from all thy assignments, with greeting cards at Christmas, for thou never knowest when thou may wish to spendeth a night with them while enroute to a new post/base.  8.Be kind and gentle to retired, white-haired Exchange and Commissary customers, because thou too will be a retiree someday.  9.Thou shalt not curse thy husband when he's on TDY on moving day.  10.Thou must never arrive at a new post/base and constantly brag about how everything was much better at the last post/base.     Author Unknown      Shit: Through the eyes of the Military  *An Army grunt stands in the rain with a 35 pound pack on his back, 15 lb. weapon in hand, after having marched 12 miles, and says, "This is shit!"  *An Army Airborne Ranger stands in the rain with a 45 lb. pack on his back, weapon in hand, after having jumped from an airplane and marched 18 miles, and says with a smile, "This is good shit!"  *A Navy SEAL lies in the mud, 55 LB pack on his back, weapon in hand, after swimming 10 miles to shore, crawling through a swamp and marching 25 miles at night past the enemy positions, says with a grin, "This really is great shit."  *A Marine, up to his nose in the stinking, bug-infested mud of a swamp with a 65 LB pack on his back and a weapon in both hands after jumping from an aircraft at high altitude, into the ocean, swimming 12 miles to the shore, killing several alligators to enter the swamp, then crawling 30 miles through the brush to assault an enemy camp, says, "I love this shit."  *The Air Force NCO sits in an easy chair in an air conditioned, carpeted office and says, "My e-mail's out? What kind of shit is this?"   Mythology    The 5 Scariest Things in the Army!   1. A Private saying, "I learned this in basic training..." 2. A Sergeant saying, "Trust me, sir..." 3. A Second Lieutenant saying, "Based on my experience..." 4. A Captain saying, "I was just thinking..." 5. And a Warrant Officer chuckling, "Watch this $%!#..." 
 After reading that did you all of the sudden feel as though your body no longer contained any organs and instead there was just a giant pit where they all used to be?  I never in my life imagined the intense impact an email could have.  They appear so harmless at first glance with no character or personality to the font or page, but upon closer inspection they have the ability to send you soaring or plummet you to the darkest depths.  I really don't know what to say about the email.  If I didn't know what happened afterward I would have said it was very promising, but knowing what I know I must resort to my new tag line that guys in general are just confused.  I must say though that his quote was outstanding and if Ben and I had any semblance of normal communication between the two of us I would send it to him in a heartbeat.  But we don't so I'll just have to enjoy it solo.  I fear today will be a very boring day so feel free to keep up an email dialogue throughout the day. 
 In my never-ending quest to expand myself both culturally and socially I am proposing a fun-filled Friday night to those of you who I feel would appreciate it most, or at least have any interest what-so-ever.  This Friday at 6:30 p.m. Pavel Kogan will be performing with the Houston Symphony at Jones Hall.  All of the tickets for this show are being sold at a set price, which means that we can obtain center orchestra seats for only $25.00 a piece.  My idea for the night is as follows, attend what I'm sure will be an outstanding performance, grab a late bite to eat at one of several excellent restaurants downtown (Mia Bella and Osteria D'Aldo come to mind) and polish off the evening by gracing one of the many hot-spots found downtown (Jones Bar, Swank Lounge, Deans, Mercury Room, etc.) with our presence.  Bear in mind that my plan is completely open to suggestions from each and every one of you.  While I realize such an early show may interfere with some people's plans (workout routines, etc.) I am sure things could be rearranged for one evening.  Please email back and let me know if there is any interest in such an outing.  "And in the end it's not the years in your life that count.  It's the life in your years."  - - Abraham Lincoln 
 Sorry Toby, but honestly this is the first time I've seen such a request. A lot of things get sent to Susan Scott of ECT by mistake; maybe that is what happened? I would never ignore you on purpose. I'll call Ms. Lee and give her the correct info. 
 See especially pages 5 & 6 of the attached doc., which include the argument that existing ROFR should not be grandfathered.  Please send any comments you have to me.  Thanks!! 
 Hi!   Thanks for the update, it is good to hear from you.  Sorry Grayson is being a crybaby.  It is tough being a baby, I think.  How did the doctor's app't go?  Bet you are ready for the weekend so Jim'll be around all day. Every working mom I know could not wait to get back to the office after maternity leave.  I think the daycare arrangement is generally best for everyone.  Baby gets a head start on her social life, and the parents can't wait to see the kid at the end of the work day!  Most everyone I know is raising their kids that way, and they seem to be turning out fine.  Even the handful of stay-at-home moms I've met leave their kids with someone several days a week, for sanity's sake.  Had lunch with Mema on Wednesday at Treebeards.  I get the impression that she's gotten the message that you and Jim don't exactly want her dropping in for spontaneous visits, so that's good.  I always enjoy meeting her for lunch--for some reason she's always on best behavior, and we always run into my coworkers and friends who just think she's the greatest.  Thank God she can never remember their names, or she might start calling them for lunch.  Bill and I saw a play at Diverse Works last night called "Fucking A."  It was a take-off on The Scarlet Letter.  I thought it would be funnier but it was actually pretty dark.  The bearer of the letter A was an abortionist in a strange land working to pay her son's way out of jail.  Despite the subject matter it was one of the best plays I've seen in a very long time.  Diverse Works is an art space in the warehouse district directly north of downtown. (Nancy Littlejohn (Worthington) has her art gallery nearby.)  They mostly sponsor dance, dramatic and performance art productions.  A lot of it is really over the top, but I've seen some cool things there.  One of my friends at work is trying to get me to serve on the board of directors, so I've been hanging out there to see whether I like the people.  Work is driving me nuts, but that's what they pay me for, I guess.  Time to read more FERC cases.  I don't wanna FERC, I just want to bang on the drum all day.  Hang in there, and please send more news of little bug!  Love, Susan 
 Thanks Dennis.  Do you have the form of discount letter too?  If so, please send it. 
 The term of the FTS-1 agreement is for one day, and automatically renews from day to day. The discount letter provides that the discount applies to the one-day term and each consecutive one-day term (if any).  The term of the discount letter is typically one month or 3 months.  The discount letter does not obligate TW to provide service for more than one day, but as long as the term of the service agreement renews, the same discount would apply.  My point is that if we are already contracting for daily firm this way, it should not matter whether the discount is effective for one month or for 12 months.  If there is a problem with the current arrangement, we should discuss it. Nothing about the way we do these deals has changed since we discussed it last December. 
 Part II:  FERC Writing Handbook  1.  "WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED" adds a note of authority to your pleadings.  In fact, some administrative law judges will throw your pleading into the special incinerator marked "Nonconforming Pleadings" (located on the west side of the FERC building) unless such language is present.  2.  Pronouns should be used sparingly, if at all.  With few exceptions, parties must always be named to avoid confusion, even if it means the name of the party will appear several times in one sentence.  3.  The verb "request" may not be used without the word "to."  Example: "Pipeline X respectfully requests the Commission to grant its motion."  4.  "In regards to" or "vis-a-via" sound more intelligent than "about" or "concerning."  5.  If you are not sure you've conveyed an important point effectively, repeat the statement verbatim at various other points in your pleading for emphasis.  Additionally, repeating a contractual provision several times in a contract will give your client greater rights than if you only include the provision once.  6.  Always recite the entire history of the proceeding in your pleading before stating the purpose of your pleading.  No FERC staffer ever remembers what happens, and the added pages will make your pleading really impressive.  7.  When in doubt, insert more commas. 
