in the trash this morning and was sad to see it there. You need to fix that ( or those as it were). Please let me know what the dr. says.  The movie sounds good, but we will see how tired you are when you get home.  I wouldn't mind laying around like a turd this evening either. I need to vacuum but that is all.  I love you, and am so glad that I make you happy. I want us to be happy together for many years to come. I still feel like the luckiest woman in the world, to have such a caring and loving man in my life so suddenly.  See you tonight,  C 
 Let me know if your stuff does not pull in correctly from Enpower or you have any other problems.  Thanks! 
 I miss you and am wonderin how you are faring in the working world.   I have been checking in on the Riley photo site, she just gets more beautiful every day.  Dave and I have signed papers and are final, now I am just waiting for the house to sell.  I have already found another place to live, and have an offer on it based on the sale of my house.  I love you and hope to hear from you soon.  Cara 
 Can you tell me if we are having subsidized parking and bus passes?  If not, I need to plan ahead.  Thanks,  C 
 Good Morning,  These are the positions that I see for February, please take a look at them and let me know if you agree or not.    Thanks,  C 
 Good Morning,  Please look at this sheet and see if you agree with what I have done, e-mail me or call me at 877-464-7779.  Any of our schedulers can look at this and help you.    Thanks,  Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 I was able to login to the main platform of Enpower under csemper, but not able to run psw or deal entry.  However, I was able to login as drobins and run things.  Please do what you can to get my login fixed today if possible. I will use Donald's login as a workaround.  Thanks,  Cara 
 I tried to login with the est_csemper id in estate enpower, and was denied login 
 Hi Dear Man,  I feel the same way that you do, I feel like you are a gift that the universe has given to me. You are such a rare and special man. I love being with you and having fun with you, I love your tenderness and your competitiveness and your sense of humor.  What did I ever do to deserve you!  If we aren't too tired tonight, let's go poke around a store or something. Maybe linens and things to look for kitchen stuff??  We are going to have such fun together.  I love you,  CF 
 Good Morning Honey,  I didn't really sleep well last night, so I am tired and cranky today. However, the feeling of RFP is something to grin about. Today I am tying out our February positions with the traders so that they can pre-pay their trades for scheduling Feb 1.  Just spreadsheet and number crunching stuff.  You are so important to me, I can't hardly articulate how much you mean to me. I love you and am so proud and happy to be yours. I can't wait till we share a home and I am 'out' to my family.  I want to tell them, "this is done" not "this is what I am going to do".  I love waking up in your arms and feeling your kisses first thing in the morning. The sleep thing will work itself out, I am not worried about it.  I am looking forward to forever with you.  Love,  CF 
 Hi Sweetheart,  The trip and all really took it out of me, I am taking off for home now, looking at a little nap action and then if I feel good start packing.  I love you and will see you this after noon.  Don't work my man too hard, but I will rub your feet when you get home if you do!  Love,  CF 
 What did she say? 
 Please drop by when you can.  I get into regular Enpower but when I try to get into preschedule workspace I get an errr 
 Hi Baby,  The movie sounds good, nice and creepy! I am going to leave here around noon again ( such a slave ) and go home and work on packing. I can meet you at work or we can leave from the house when you get there.  I love you, I can't tell you how my heart leapt for joy when I saw your face again. I just wanted to hold on to you forever. Those 2 romps were not bad either! ;)  See you tonight, hope you get it all built today.  Love,  CF 
 Mine is all done, whiz quiz completed and Paperwork given to Gabrielle  Thanks.  Does this mean that the final stuff is done and we are all locked in for UBS? I understood that there was one final thing to happen before we were officially 'done'  C 
 Hi My Love,  I have told Sylvia and Cheri about you, and how important you are to me. Phase 1 is complete!  I am leaving in a few minutes for Bandon, and will drive sooooo carefully that it will become the stuff of legend.  I miss you already, it's going to be a long lonely weekend without you!  But I will see you on Sunday, and you are a DEAD MAN! ;)  I love you,  Cara  P.S. Don't cheat on your cards................................ :)      xoxo 
 I love you    C      xoxo 
 I got all my stuff signed and done yesterday, so I am now Cara Freeland.  I want to get changed over ASAP in the system.  Thanks for your help, support, and kind wishes. You are among the very small group that I consider real friends.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland 
 just come get me when you are ready, but I don't normally hang out all day 
 I want to go to the 10 am meeting, as I am Cara Freeland now.  My divorce papers were all done yesterday, and I will have final copies to you guys for your records in a month or so.  Cara 
 When you get the chance  Thanks  C 
 k thanks 
 When you get a moment 
 Uh..........not when I came back to bed.  The score is now Craig 46,  Cara 21   LoL 
 Someone sent this to me, it seemed appropriate!  Subject: Pfthhhhhhhh Football    An old man and his wife have gone to bed. After laying there a few minutes the old man farts and says, "Seven Points."  His wife rolls over and says, "What in the world was that?"  The old man replied, "It's fart football."  A few minutes later the wife lets one go and says, "Touchdown, tie score."  After about five minutes the old man farts again and says, "Touchdown, I'm ahead 14 to 7."  Not to be out done the wife rips another one and says, "Touchdown, tie score."  Five seconds go by and she lets out a squeaker and says, "Field goal, I lead 17 to 14."  Now the pressure's on and the old man refuses to get beat by his wife so he strains real hard but to no avail. Realizing a defeat is totally unacceptable, he gives it everything he has, but instead of farting, he poops the bed.  The wife looks at him and says, "What the hell was that?"  And the old man replied, "Half-time, Switch sides." 
 Good Morning Honey,  I wish that I could have pulled it together enough to get up with you and take care of you this morning, I really missed that.  Thank you for waking me up and giving me kisses and love. It was a sweet way to start the day.  Today there is a meeting from UBS, in about 10 minutes. I wonder what will be said. I will let you know everything.  On the way to work I was thinking about us planning for our home. I love the sound of our home. I hated seeing all of your stuff packed away today, I like snuggling with your pillows when you have gone to work. Soon we will both just be home.  Hopefully I will be all done with my bullshit in time to meet you at the grotto before going to Stanfords, but if not I will meet you there at 6. If I make it to the grotto by 5, will that be enough time for you to pick them up as well?  I am calling the doctor when his office opens to complain about the medication. I hope he gives me some more meds, but he might tell me just to hang in there until the new lower level is stabilized.  Last night was wonderful, each time we are together I find something new to enjoy. I love being with you, holding you and feeling all of your touches and caresses. You make me so happy, and I want to make you happy. I love that little grin on your face and the tenderness in your eyes. You are a wonderful man and I am the luckiest woman in the world to have you in my life.  I love you,  Cara 
 Hi Dearie,  How are you?  I have been hearing your name more lately, and just wanted to touch base and tell you how much I miss you!  I have been buying that good Prosperity wine at Trader Joe's and always remember the party at your house.  Do you think that you will be ever coming here to visit?  How is your husband?  How is your dog-bite scar? Do you have any new Jewelry?  I am trying to sell my wedding ring, and am thinking instead that I will just get another stone to match the center stone and make earrings.  If you do come to stay, please stay with me. I am signing papers on my new condo this afteroon It is wonderful. 3 Bedrooms, backs right up to a greenbelt with a wetland.  I miss you,  Cara Poo 
 You might want to check it  Are you still planning to come up and sign papers tomorrow?  I need to know because I had to go back to work early.  Please call my cell phone when you get logged off so we can get in sync with plans.  503/810-1105 
 Good Morning,  Here is the spreadsheet that you sent out with the access for the West Power Scheduling group. The users are now only me, Diane Cutsforth, and Donald Robinson.      I dont' know if you are aware, but we are having problems with accessing both PreSchedule Workspace and Path Confirmation. Donald Robinson and Diane Cutsforth have more details than I do, as I have been out on medical leave for a month.  Donald tried to login this morning and had problems, If you are aware of this bug let me know, if you need more details, please speak to him.  His number is 503/464-3902  Thanks,  Cara 
 I spoke with Serena and told her how to roll scheduling forward.  Let me know if that doesn't do it.  CF 
 I was tickled to get such a cool card! Where did you find it?  I am thinking about taking the front off and putting it in a little frame.   I have decided to postpone the catchup Christmas party and instead have a housewarming party when I move into my NEW beautiful Condo that is right on a wetland/woods!  I go to sign papers today.  Thanks again,  Luv Luv  c 
 This might solve some of our login problems 
 I have a new cell phone of my own, when can I start expensing that bad boy? 
 Congratulations Steve!  How wonderful!  I love the name. 
 k, be there in a few 
 Cara Freeland-Semperger Enron North America 121 SW Salmon,  3WTC0306 Portland, OR  97204  503/464-3814  Fax: 503/464-3740   I will be out on medical leave until 2/5/02. 
 I am at work for a few minutes and wanted to send you a quick note. I sure loved having you at my house, our talking, and I really loved this morning.  You are such a wonderful man. I am a very VERY lucky lady.  I love you and will see you tonight after my meeting.  C 
 I am here today for a few, what a rough ride that was.  If you have a few to stop by and say hi, that would be great.  :) 
 I am officially playing hooky from work tomorrow. 
 Good Morning E  Sure was fun!  Cara 
 yes 
 come over at your convenience and I will explain all 
 This is the most complete information, Bilat stuff only.  If you need any help interpreting the sheet, just pop on by   Cara 
 Good Morning,  Here is the preliminary stuff, direct bookouts and what is open.  Please call me at your convenience to talk about them.    Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 
 Good Morning..........sir,  I am wearing my sweatshirt and my new boots to work, so my feet are warm and I feel like I have you wrapped around me. My roses are starting to really open up now, they are so beautiful.  I had fun at the party last night, danced my fool head off.  Good natured fun dancing with the buds from work.  One guy tried to dip me and failed miserably, I fell on my right hip, but not before I nearly knocked myself unconcious on part of the wall. I ended up sitting there for a minute with a packet of frozen soybeans on my noggin.  I told him no more of that stuff. On the way home from the party I almost just showed up at your house, but figured you needed a break from me for some rest.  You have a good day, hope you are rested and feeling good.  :) 
 Any news?  I am just thinking I will leave around 1 pm here to go home for a bit. I don't have to be at this party till 7 ish, so if you wanna come hang out or just take a nap, you are welcome to do that.  ;) 
 They think it is a proxy server on my end and that if it is removed we should be fine.  Can you help me with this? 
 Hi Donald,  I got a smattering of information that the big E will probably go after us contract folks that attempt to defect.  So, I guess it's second jobs for both of us.  I am sorry I got you into this, buddy.  Cara 
 Hi Again,  Just let me know about Lord of the Rings, when I am done here I am going home to take a nap if we aren't going.  If Saturday or Sunday would be a better lazy day than Christmas eve, then we can do whatever. You are the only thing on my calendar after tonight, sir.   Call me at work, I would love to hear your voice.   :) 
