or the update.  If any of them would  like to contact me, that would be fine.  I've already talked to Nigel.  Thanks.  Hope you are well.....Jeff 
 Unless you are trying to fill a table, I will not be attending. 
 is this on  the calendar? 
 I would prefer 4 pm.  thanks. 
 Thanks for the clarification.  Jeff    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 01:00 PM 
 any thoughts? 
 I sat with him in my office and made some changes, then I think you did as well.  I'm ok to proceed.  thanks.  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                10/30/2000 04:30 PM 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 Nina, it is hard for Mike and I to attend these meetings in the middle of the afternoon.  We'd both like to participate, but could we start having these meetings later in the afternnon....Thanks.  Jeff 
 put on calendar 
 can you get all of this on the calendar 
 Tom Gros would be great.  Let's try to get him. Thanks 
 I'll have my asst look into this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Another article from the competitive intelligence group. =20  Jeff 
 please try to find a sport for lisa , and for brent price.  thanks. 
 fyi 
 yes! 
 please facilitate this.    Jennifer Burns  11/01/2000 05:47 PM 
 please print these. 
 please go 
 print 
 is this guy interviewing with us?  Jeff 
 please print 
 thanks.  these updates are great.  Jeff 
 Have our PR people seen this?    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 12:16 PM 
 No thoughts on Skilling's speech.  He just needs to emphasize we are a great productive entrepreneurial company.  Any we're are largest energy trading and risk management house in the world.  It would be ok if he mentioned that I am a Wharton '89 undergrad and run a large part of our trading group.  Students like to see where successful wharton alum are in the world.  (By the way, I'm the lead for wharton grad and wharton/penn undergrad).  This speech he is giving is a great opportunity for us to recruit...  On another note, I have an idea for you.  Get on my calendar for early part of week after next  (I'm going to the Japan office opening, then to sydney and will be in the office nov. 6)  Keep a low profile on the xcelerator for a week.  Later,  Jeff   Alhamd Alkhayat @ ENRON   10/27/2000 03:56 PM 
 thanks.  these are great updates....  Jeff 
 thanks.  sorry i missed you earlier... 
 I'm out next week, but will be in touch with steve horn when i return.  Jeff 
 No doubt about drinks with you being more fun!  (My haircut is perfect, you'll be pleased to know)  I did go out with my neighbors last night--I needed to because the guy who is buying my house on woodhead st.  came over last night and backed out of his contract.  Boy was I annoyed.  And still am, but the good news is he loses his earnest money to me.  So I'm going to take out a bunch of friends to dinner when i get back.  Want to go?  I'm thinking Tony's or something else fun/festive.  To be determined...but fun. 
 Have you been outside?  I have to leave early today!  Hope your dinner was great....  Jeff 
 who runs that group for us?  Jeff 
 it seems the cnn/usa today poll always shows bush up be the widest margin. do they have a motive here? 
 let's get it to stop the hemorrhaging in is dist. portfolio as well. 
 then christian needs to stop sending these out like they are. 
 I'd like to leave out mention of our equity participation in the first and third paragraphs, and reword the second paragraph to state that envera's customers will have access to enron's products.  (leave out the qualifier "many"  which I read as "partial")    Habiba Bayi@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/09/2001 11:24 AM 
 good. thanks.  Jeff 
 thanks for the update.  has eric groves gotten with you regarding the H.Galleon, and the oman gas? 
 is this a violation or not? 
 Are we sponsoring gas tech (in houston) Nov 15 ish for $200,000?  What's up with the brochures?  Yes? No?  Your call on all of this.  Jeff 
 just call anytime today.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks.  I like this format...please keep me updated.   Jeff 
 please schedule if possible 
 John, what do you think of this. 
 check with nowlan etc about this. 
 good thing i saved this, huh?  please put on calendar...... 
 Sure, call jennifer my asst, at x39440.  Are you going with Lou to the xcelerator?  Jeff    Alhamd Alkhayat@ENRON 02/09/2001 11:16 AM 
 Do you agree? 
 I couldn't open Ajna's email either, this morn. 
 FYI 
 Is this a violation, or are we just shifting portfolios around.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the resume.  Nowlan and I will take a look.   Jeff 
 Looks good.  I'm probably not available for a lunch meeting on this topic, so let's do it after the close.  Jeff 
 John, Please look into this.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Good progress.  But we need to ramp it up big time.  Jeff 
 Hi bub, I could only see images 3 and 4.  I couldn't access the mayadon bowl or the lenoble.  is there a problem with the viewer in those files? Stop working so late.  Jeff 
 thanks.  are there any other companys that make a substitutable connector? Meaning, do they (Amp) have any competitors of any sort?  I appreciate the insights. 
 Comments? 
 I have other images to send you.  If you are interested, let me know......Jeff 
 please print 
 FYI 
 thanks fo rthe update.  Jeff 
 This is great....I'll get it on the calendar....Thanks. 
 absolutely!  can't wait.... 
 please ask you groups to participate, and spread the word.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 what do you think of this?  Please respond to just me. 
 Philippe, this has been going on for a while.  Can you address this right away?  Thanks.   Jeff 
 thanks for the update.    Enron North America Corp. 
 of course, it's a favorite.  the lesson i learned last night--and i wouldn't be surprised if i were your only friend who learns lessons from weekday comedies--is to be happy!...if you're free, let's go out tomorrow eve and have our brief woes drinks (and not wait 2 weeks), then put it in the past.... 
 do you ever watch "Frasier"? 
 Please get with michelle and let her know of exact details.  thanks  jeff 
 please print 
 Fyi.  Put this on the calendar. 
 Looks good.  Coordinate with Chris and John and let's move on this.  Jeff 
 I'll look for him on my calendar. 
 I was planning on changing the morning meeting as you indicated.  The problem with the P&L loss is one of time.  We have given back 25 million this quarter, and very few traders took profits at any time.  I expect traders to lose money at times, but we have other constraints.  I'd be happy to have a call with you once we finish our budget process about how we will get to our numbers next year. Of course spread trading is a good idea, but when I look at the portfolio in aggregate, the position story I'm being told doesn't make sense. We'll get there. 
 Thanks for the thought.  We are trying to get more fund business already through Per in the NY office.  Do you have any funds you'd like to sign up. In terms of products, I was thinking more depth in products we feel comfortable managing.  Maybe different spreads/cracks, whatever.  You can control product launch, not the funds.  Can you give a some ideas of more/new products we trade or more/new products you'd like to get on eol.  What more products will your customers want?  Jeff 
 print. 
 please put me on the continental flight to tokyo on sunday as well.  thanks. 
 FYI.  I'd like to be number 2 behind ENA.  And a close 2nd that is. This should be a priority for us. I'd like to set up a meeting shortly to put together a strategy on how we can get there.  More to follow. 
 can we spend a few minutes talking about eol?  I've only gotten response from jim g, doug f, and adam m.  where is everyone else?  Jeff 
 I thought Jere O was going for me. 
 I'd be happy to look at his resume.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I have forwarded your resume to John Lavorato, who runs gas and power. Thanks.  Jeff 
 For your reading enjoyment.  Jeff 
 print 
 Thanks for the invite, but I will be unable to attend.   Jeff    Caroline Abramo@ENRON 02/08/2001 03:04 PM 
 print 
 I had to cancel my trip to Phila today--bummer.  Nov 7 is fine.  (I'm out of town this sunday for one week)  I'm psyched about australia, but only for two days is a little sad.  Anyway, I'm here through sunday if there is a woe emergency..... 
 FYI 
 Thanks.  Good job. 
 please print 
 I'm looking forward to our drinks/dinner of woes.  (But not too long on woes, I don't like not being in a good mood).  When is good for you week after next?  Jeff  P.S.  I really don't like that expression "misery loves company"  by the way...... 
 Is this why BP thought to squeeze the market?  Jeff 
 Yes, there is a formalized process.  After Credit and Legal, and in most cases RAC, look at transactions, a VP or higher will sign the Dash.  For Doug to sign the Bahamas option contract, I need to know the premium.  Please contact Brent Price for our DASH.  (Deal approval sheet)  Jeff   Merritt Thomas                10/23/2000 04:51 PM 
 I'll defer to you.  How does this supplement your reports now? 
 Do you have an answer for me regarding the simulation I asked you to run? 
 Thanks for the update.  What you point out in your email is exactly what we need to be doing.  Also, I'll be happy to meet with you regarding rotations when you are ready.  Jeff    David P Dupre 02/26/2001 06:53 AM 
 any thoughts? 
 Thanks for the clarification.  Get it listed if you like.  Jeff 
 Great.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 John Nowlan is concerned that this var number isn't right.  According to john, the group significantly reduced postions (on the whole).  What about the forward forward vol?  Have we looked at that?  My instinct is that something is not accurate with this var number today if you look at the resulting position as of Friday evening's postion report.  I'd like someone to be dedicated to the crude and products group full time who can help us with "what if" scenarios throughout the trading day, and who can work with Pavel on the crude desk on the forward forward vol issue.  Also, I'd like to isolate first gas holdings since that is taking up approx 2 million in var each day.  Jeff 
 Hi Lea,  What are you thinking about with Jeff (Koons)?  Jeff 
 FYI.  I sent this monday 4pm if you hear any rumblings.  Jeff 
 It seems to me we are in the middle of no man's land with respect to the following:  Opec production speculation, Mid east crisis and renewed tensions, US elections and what looks like a slowing economy  (?),  and no real weather anywhere in the world.  I think it would be most prudent to play the markets from a very flat price position and try to day trade more aggressively.  I have no intentions of outguessing Mr. Greenspan, the US. electorate, the Opec ministers and their new important roles, The Israeli and Palestinian leaders, and somewhat importantly, Mother Nature.  Given that, and that we cannot afford to lose any more money, and that Var seems to be a problem, let's be as flat as possible. I'm ok with spread risk  (not front to backs, but commodity spreads).  The morning meetings are not inspiring, and I don't have a real feel for everyone's passion with respect to the markets.  As such, I'd like to ask John N. to run the morning meetings on Mon. and Wed.  Thanks.   Jeff 
 Explain to me why Don S. went golfing at 3 pm and you have this huge var violation in his book?  I'm not sure that was the best idea he's ever had. 
 print 
 please print. 
 Thanks.  This is helpful.  I like all the products you've mentioned below, except for the MTBE one.  Is there a real market need for this?  Please proceed and get the others on EOL asap.  Also please pass the trade idea you have to Fred Lagrasta's group. 
 Rick,  Just following up on the VaR requests.  Do you have everything you need?  Jeff 
 Please send this to the staff meeting distribution list.  Please take a minute and fill out the Pulse, and encourage your organization to do so as well.  Thanks.  Mike and Jeff 
 Why did I not get this until 12:41? 
 John, you guys have to be under Var tonight before we leave for the evening. That means buying on access if necessary. 
 I don't know why I got a new P&L DPR at 2:30 today showing a change in P&L and a big VAR violation--most likely due to shroeder's getting shorter 2186 contracts of crude and Botchlett's getting shorter 2141 heat contracts. Don's Var went up 2.8 million to 9.7 million, and Dave's Var went down only 687 thousand to 3.1 million.  Where is Dave's var coming from?  We need to be under our Var tonight.  Dave and Don--please take care of this.  Jeff 
 fyi.  can you respond to this guy if need be.  Jeff 
 can you send this to all the staff member participants today?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 thank you.  Jeff 
 First--Ted your voicemail isn't working.  I would like to get active in recruiting products traders, in a real attempt to high grade the group.  Can we, and how do we make a full court press with the headhunters out there?  Also, what do you guys think of putting a big ad in the Chronicle, and the WSJ?  We could also look for originators and marketers.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Do you know what this is? 
 FYI 
 print 
 Hi Andy,  I would like access to the ICEX--1 terminal per office.  (Houston, London, Singapore).  Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John Chismar respectively.  Thanks very much. 
 please print 
 please print 
 please print 
 print 
 please print 
 thanks.  I was wondering.... 
 Lets at least try to participate somehow in Sales and Trading--but I will leave this up to you.  Thanks for all of your help.  Jeff 
 What do you think? 
 please print 
 FYI.  These guys do great intelligence work for us, and I'd be happy to help you guys get a similar effort going for you if you do not receive these services already.  (They have done everything from competitior studies to industry studies both commercial and political)  Best,  Jeff 
 fyi 
 I know you guys have been working to secure supply for the H. Galleon.  I wonder if we should do some sort of tender for fob princing, allowing us whatever freedom we want with the ship.  I'm not sure we should kill ourselves for a few pennies--I'd even let the ship stay empty and maybe force some of our will on the LNG market if possible, in effect creating more of a spot market.  Maybe EOL.   Any thoughts?  Jeff 
 print. 
 yes, of course.  are you seeing it? 
 Hi John--hope things are well.  I'd like to invite you to One Great Night, Nov  8. if you are free.  Last year was my first year, and I will admit, it is somewhat of a spectacle.  Fun with the right group of people though.  Let me know if you are around!  Regards,  Jeff 
 Hi stranger!  how's the new digs?  WHEN are we going out for a little dinner?  Jeff 
 what are you talking about.... 
 Tom Piazze is the Director of Corporate relations at Wharton.  215 898 1615. Use my name 
 I have no interest in him 
 sure....old house.... 
 please print 
 I have forwarded your resume to Ted Bland.  He will be your contact person. Thanks for your interest. 
 For your pleasure 
 John was not interested in Mike after I spoke with him.    Jennifer Burns  10/18/2000 01:28 PM 
 Mark, Thor, and Todd,  Thanks for the video conference this morning.  Mike and I are convinced weather can and will be an extremely profitable business.  One issue I would like to address is EnergyDesk.com.  It seems like an interesting idea, but I'd like to find out more about it, and in relation to the work Tom Gros in doing in NetWorks.  I'd also like to understand more about the scalability of this model, and our relationship with Kiodex.  To that end, I do not want any proprietary data, product interface, and or other weather related matter and material to be part of EnergyDesk.com.  I will keep you updated as I learn more about these and other issues.  Regards  Jeff 
 Hi John, hope things are well...Hickerson and I were talking yesterday about the convert bond desk, and he mentioned to me that it make sense for it to come to his group.  I understand you have had prelim discussions about this, and wanted to catch up with you on this matter.  I'll give you a ring by week's end if we want to proceed.  My initial reaction is that it probably makes sense....  Jeff 
 fine 
 I'm so sorry.  My cell phone died, and wouldn't work with the car for some reason.   And was in the office by the time you called at 6:30  ( a  little problem this morn here)--thanks for the repeated attempts...... 
 proceed with your recommendation.  Also, we do not need to store any data once I see report. 
 fyi 
 please print out 
 What do we need to do to be involved.  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze and ask him what he thinks 
 please look into. 
 No problem.  Doug is a good guy that I want to put under contract.  What's the status with his immigration?  Could we be in a scenario that he has to work our of canada for a while?  Jeff 
 please print 
 please print 
 I know you're a technology guy, and thought you might find this useful. Launch or view the application.....  Jeff  (aka capitan) 
 please print 
 What's the story here. 
 I agree.  We do not need anyone speaking at this. 
 What's the story here? 
 take a look 
 here's a good one. 
 put these super saturdays, and the schools that will be attending each on the calendar 
 schedule 
 Thanks for the note.   We are still looking at the value chain, but think we may have an idea.  I think Mike and I learned a lot from you guys when we were in London.  Nobody thinks our speculating in the grain markets does much for us, and is probably the wrong way to run that group.  Interestingly, the cargill CEO hasn't met with us yet.  We have been trading softs, but very small.  Next time Gary Hickerson is in London, which should be soon, I'll have him give you guys the story, and ask for more of your input.  Regards  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 also put this on the calendar 
 I would like to help on the Nov 18 analyst super saturday also.  Jeff 
 please correct 
 please put this on the calendar 
 please print 
 yes. 
 oui.  don't tell anybody about it, big boy.    Daniel Diamond 02/06/2001 04:53 PM 
 Where are the wharton analysts? 
 Nov 11 is great, and I'll try to help out Dec 9.  (I'll be out of town Nov 4).  I'd also be happy to look now at the spring schedule.  Jeff 
 I'll get on it.  With the Texaco Chevron merger, I'd like to get some insight into their organizations.  Particularly Texaco, since they have two trading offices, one in Whit Plains, the other here.  This set up for them has never worked well, and I'd like to talk to some of the better Texaco traders, if there are any.  Jeff 
 Glad to help.  Can you get me the schedule as to which schools will be here on those dates.  Jeff 
 please print 
 please schedule 
 what is this? 
 please print 
 more info 
 This is what I mentioned today. 
 put on calendar, and rsvp.  thanks. 
 is this true? 
 do we have a folder for this? 
 please see 
 I will RUN RUN RUN.......(what is cazaux---not cateau?) 
 Hi Ben,  No problem if you want to invoice me.  I'm not ready for you to ship the goods to me, though, and probably won't be for a few weeks, as I move into the new digs.  Still thinking about the lamp and desk.....  Best,  Jeff 
 congrats on the network move! 
 I know we've made good progress with respect to morning reports for EGM. However, I continue to receive most reports after 9:00 a.m., which is too late into the trading day.  Please let me know if there are resources you need, so this aspect of EGM can run as smoothly as ENA gas.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Give me a C Give me an N Give me an R Give me an S  What do you have?  A Quarter! 
 Did you have any doubt that the best logistics school is  Wharton?  (I think they call it transportation sciences, no really).  I'll call up there this morn and get back with you.... 
 yes, send me his resume,etc 
 please print out incl text 
 Fine.  Coordinate with Jennifer 
 ok. 
 I haven't heard from either of you regarding the Wharton Analyst I mentioned.  Any interest in speaking with him?  Jeff 
 I want Platts, etc. to apologize and retract their story.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the email.  You do know that Networks and our Broadband businesses are different, I trust.  If you have and questions, please let me know, and I'll be happy to help you get to the next group that most interests you.  Jeff 
 thanks for the update.  Please keep me updated today.....  Jeff    Enron North America Corp. 
 Why am I such a worrier.  It was fine...... 
 I really don't want to press release this.  Is there a good reason we should?  Jeff 
 Yes, I think we will both be there.  Do you have an idea of the number of attendees, (particularly from global markets)?  Jeff 
 am i around? 
 I've been swamped, and out of the office a lot the last several days.  Let's have dinner sometime, and I still have for you.    Alma Martinez/ENRON@enronXgate 02/23/2001 03:59 PM 
 please print text, and resume. 
 I'd like to have a few people meet her, but am confident in Jennifer's ability to evaluate analysts.  Jeff 
 Michelle, If you run into problems with finding mgr or above interviewers, you should consider assoc. to interview analysts.  I would also like to put Kevin McGowan (who went to MBA but isn't on the list, as an interviewer for wharton, in Phila if possible),  I'll leave it to you for interviewers. 
 Are you also coordinating this with hunter and his available analysts who you think are good? 
 Preliminary-- Anything suggestions?  Jeff 
 Sorry I missed you before I left--my phones at the house we also having some trouble. 
 Thanks, I'll get with Mike and let you know.  Jeff 
 I be happy to fill you in 
 Please include EGM  Jeff 
 thanks for the invite.  I can't be up there on the 20th, however.  Please fill me in after.  Jeff 
 Yes! 
 I'll set up an interview schedule for him....Jeff    Mike McConnell 02/06/2001 11:41 AM 
 love to catch up tomorrow.  What did I buy from you in this most recent batch?  (I remember the table and the guillmard pots).....  Jeff 
 please print,  also let her know i still want reports. 
 great, as long as there is no monetary commit...Jeff 
 please note 
 print 
 not much. and you? 
 sure. thanks. 
 print 
 Have susan m. call me on this guy.    Jennifer Burns  10/10/2000 11:47 AM 
 hey there.  freak show central here.  this week is bad, unfortunately. florida was awsome...and it put me in the mood to get back on the diet, and exercise.  did you buy that watch?  you should leave the office now and get it if you didn't, and on your way back, you should stop for a tennis lesson!    Alexandra Saler@EES 02/05/2001 09:09 AM 
 Draft:  We are please to announce the following within Enron Global Markets:  Larry Lawyer will be joining EGM effective immediately to start our new finance origination activities.  In this role, he will work with all commodity products, assets,  and teams and lever our existing businesses with new this new focus.  (Do you want to put in his background--which you probably now more than I?)  He will be reporting to the Office of the Chairman.  Eric Gonzales will be joining the LNG team and co-head this effort with Rick Bergsieker.  We believe there is significant opportunity in the worldwide LNG markets, and Eric will direct all merchant activity.  (Do you want to put in his background?)  Rick will be relocating to Dubai, and bring his martket relationships and  industry knowledge to the region focussing on Project Dolphin (do we want to say this?) and other related Mideast projects.  Eric and Rick will report to the Office of the Chairman.  Jen Fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for all products in EGM, much like ENA natural gas and power fudamentals and intranet pages exist today.  Previously, Jen was working in the Mid Market origination group.  Heather Purcell will be joining this group developing the commercial interface for our intranet page.  Heather was with Azurix, where she worked on the platform interface for the ebusiness initiatives.  Gary Hickerson will be chairing our Trader's Roundtable.  This group will be comprised of traders across Enron's wholesale trading and risk management businesses.  This forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics important to their individual markets, and discuss other  markets in a macro sense.  We will be also forming a Cross Commidity trading group.  In this group, traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will have the opportunity to exploit cross commodity opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets.  This group will not be involved in customer activity, and will execute through our principal desks.   Gary will manage this new group, as well as continuing with his current F/X, Rates, Equity, and Agriculture initiatives.  (anything else?) 
 I'd like to talk to him, but isn't merlin's credit low? 
 print 
 please take care of. 
 print 
 print 
 please print 
 print 
 FYI....Jeff 
 any thoughts? 
 put this on the calendar.  Jeff 
 print 
 I'll call you..... 
 they say small possiblitly  (30%) 
 John, what do you think?  Jeff 
 Print on my business letterhead.   Naomi Leff Naomi Leff & Associates 12 West 27th Street New York, NY  10001 212 686 6300  Dear Naomi,  Thanks for the opportunity to work with you on my new home.  I've enclosed a virtual tour disk (just follow the prompts), and some floor plans from my architect.  If there is anything else you need, please call anytime.  I'm excited for you to see the house in person, and have the chance to discover my passion for 20th century design.  Dennis and Daniel have been a great source of the best objects and knowledge.  Of course it is a primary concern to make sure the home, the objects, the furnishings, and the space work together.  Dennis and Daniel speak very highly of you and it is important to me that I have the help to complete this project with great attention, and all that results from that attention.  Best Regards,    Jeff 
 Hi Rick,  I understand it is hot in Dubai--hopefully it will cool off soon.  On an organizational matter, I'm not too comfortable with your creating new org charts, and creating a new exec committee, etc.  Please call me next week so we can discuss this.  Jeff 
 Supposed to be low 70's this evening, and cool tomorrow a.m. 
 print 
 Please get with me before we offer a job to andrew mcclune.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 FYI 
 his response.  Jeff 
 Great article.  When/where will this be published.  Have a great weekend. Jeff 
 I may or may not be in town, but I think Mike will be here.  It's probably important that one of us attend.  Jeff 
 Thanks for your interest.  Mike and I have looked at cement a little, so I'm interested in your perspective.  Please contact my asst.  Jennifer Burns, at ext 39440 and get on my calendar.  Jeff 
 fyi....I'll set up a meeting with this guy. 
 come see me on hime and we'll talk strategy.  Jeff 
 If you'd like to go, that would be great.  Thanks.  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Hey, if no one has told you today that you are the king, let me be the one to do so.  Peace  Jeff 
 print 
 sorry for the oversight on my part. 
 no problem 
 jeff 
 Please include Jen Fraser on this distribution as well going forward.  Jeff 
 Congratulations on the birth of your daughter!  If you want to stay active in recruiting, let me know.  Also Michelle Nezi Marvin will be our shcool lead.  Best Regards  Jeff 
 Thanks for the email.  I'll put some thought into it.  Stay in touch--  Jeff 
 It's not necessarily an either/or decision.  Michelle, do you think this is a good program?  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze at Wharton, and ask him what he thinks about the importance of our participation in this?  Jeff 
 If you'd like to get me the resumes today, I'll take a look, and pick a few out.  This way we won't need to change the meeting time.  Michelle was my first choice to lead the effort.  OK about Suzanne.  I'm serious about keeping a highly visible presence on campus, and am willing to spend some money, strategically.  Keep me updated.  Jeff 
 If you think there is value to your seeing the ship, I'm ok with your detour.  Let me know before you go what you intend to find out if anything.  Regards  Jeff    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 This is another reason why the HR and A/A program don't like each other. It's absurd that our personnell functions don't share resources.  I'm almost of the opinion that these two groups should be folded together.  Jeff 
 put on calendar 
 I will be out of the office oct 9.  Jeff 
 This looks like a great opportunity for us.  Jeff 
 Thanks for the invite.  I'd love to go with you guys.  Jeff    Michael J Beyer 02/05/2001 06:30 PM 
 what time is the soiree friday eve? 
 Jennifer Fraser is leading our fundamentals intranet group for all products within EGM.  Please contact her so we do not duplicate efforts, as the coal, etc site will be incorporated with some uniformity into the larger EGM site.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 please print 
 somewhat surprising, but we'll take it 
 print 
 love to help, cant' be at the meeting.  Jeff 
 print 
 can you get per and jere o. an avistar system?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 I will be unable to attend  Jeff 
 fine if you keep me up to speed.  But I do not expect to does this for free. What do we want related to this?  Did you know Exmar exercised the options? Apparently they want to work with us--on this ship.  What do we want related to this? 
 here is the note I sent to Thor.  I'll wait for his response.  Jeff 
 its chris holmes, not harris.  is this something else? 
 put on calendar.  Thanks. 
 set some time up--30 minutes.  Jeff 
 Have you gotten with Chris Holmes, re: the voice mail I sent you end of last week?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 fyi 
 I've already talked to Cliff B.  The only thing we are precluded from is building a power plant in Singapore... 
 Very strong need for people in Japan next august.  I'd like to get some people interested in helping start there, or get there after some enron indoctrination.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 Yes, absolutely.  There is a ton of work in Japan, and as you know Joe Hirl runs the office, but the products in EGM are crucial to its success.  I'd be happy to meet her.  Let me know how I can help.  Jeff 
 Glad to be of help.  Let me know if you ever need anything from me.  Regards.  Jeff 
 let me know if you need my help.  I'd suggest leaving vince a voicemail....  Jeff 
 Hi Thor,  Sorry you won't make our offsite, but a little vacation every so often is never a bad thing. I do have a question about Bjarne's promotion to director.  When I look at the P&L for Oslo weather trading, you showed a loss of about $1 million, and I don't think that deserves this promotion.  What else does he do?  I'm also concerned that neither Mark (nor I) had any notice of this.  His promotion has caused some difficulty over here and I'd like to get this cleared up.  Jeff 
 rolodex please 
 print 
 brad hitch 
 please follow up with this.  what are we talking to him about.  Jeff 
 print 
 please print 
 please print 
 Please follow up with this.  Jeff 
 Rick,  What is the network theory here?  I'm also not a fan of an only Jordanian play.  Politically, I'm not sure it makes sense, (like Gaza)  What's the benefit here?  Jeff 
 Clear it with arnold if you want dutch.  Let me know as people come to you. the goal is to have people rotate into your group directly, or from the gas fundamentals group if possible, and vice versa.  Keep me updated, and you, I and Lavo will work this out.  Jeff 
 He's in London, by the way.  Jeff    Joe Gold 02/05/2001 02:05 PM 
 sure.  Jeff 
 As promised.  Jeff 
 Singapore is mentioned.  What do you think.  Jeff 
 please print resume and cover letter 
 Thanks for your email.  Please call me when you have a chance.  Jeff 713 853 1761 
 what do you guys think.  Jeff If he is good, we have a lot to do in Japan. 
 I think I did, but don't have a copy.  Ask Fred 
 Please follow up with chris.  Jeff 
 lunch sometime would be great.  call my asst. jennifer at 39440 and see when I'm free.  Jeff 
 print 
