, and NERC is in charge of reliability.  This is clearly the biggest issue for the Publics.  Jim 
 Talk with Rick, but I think this project is complete. 
  FYI 
 Lynne --  I am very sorry that I have not yet responded to your e-mail.  I am trying to firm up my calendar.  Not sure that Excelon and Enron will differ greatly on the key lessons learned.  I should know by mid-week (if you haven't already filled the slot).  Jim Steffes 713-853-7673 
 Dad --  Thought you may be interested.  Jim 
  Bob --  Sorry this is just getting to you.  Pls work with Fergus to come up with an answer.  Jim 
 This is one of those to show to Amr to quantify.  Jim 
 Wanted you to see that Doug regarded you highly (my highlights below).  Also, sorry I wasn't very nice on Friday - another very bad day.  I'm sorry.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please arrange a call-in number for 10:30 am Houston time for everyone above for tomorrow.  Purpose - Legislative Strategy.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Evan --  Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?  Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?  There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.  Jim 
 Sorry that I am just getting back to this.  I think that one of the key roles for Reg Risk Analytics is to "validate" the appropriateness of regulatory assumptions in EWS retail tariff curves as well as help Govt Affairs build risk management plans.  Let's talk soon.  Jim 
 Who at EWS is the head?  Jim 
 Am I scheduled to attend?  Jim 
 correct. 
 I'm in all week.  Jim 
 Jean & Thane --  Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?  Jim 
 FYI.  You may want to discuss with Becky.  Jim 
  What do I need to do?  Jim 
 Hope he is ok.  Jim 
 Becky--  Please keep Guillermo and Melinda in the loop.  Thx.  Jim 
 Janine --  Who is IMServe?  I'm guessing they are a vendor that does billing, etc.  You should e-mail Evan Hughes to determine the nature of the CSC arrangement.  But I don't think that we want to give our business to a company because they help in one case?  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you please pull a copy of the ComEd OATT that would include the calculation of "OPC" mentioned below?  Janine --  Doesn't it make sense that we are disadvantaged vis-a-vis their own transmission service and should talk to Donna Fulton about a complaint at FERC?  Jim 
 But where in statue does the ICC have that as one of their issues?  Jim 
  Charles --  In planning the transition, please include this issue.  Jim 
 cheers 
 Susan --  Can you please work with ENA Accounting and others to determine the following to provide to EPSA so they can calculate our Dues --  1.	Total megawatts of your company's equity ownership as of June 1, 2001 in competitive generation assets operating and under construction in the United States (including PURPA plants) - (probably good to start with Wes Coldwell).  2.	Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31, 2001 (probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales (I would have a separate total for wholesale financials) and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales).  Call me to discuss.  We need to get this in by August 18.  Jim 
 Steve --  Has PR given the go ahead?  Anything else from me needed?  Jim 
 Yes.  I'll get us a conference room on 47.  Jim 
  Linda --  Please schedule a conference room to hold this.  Jim 
 Sue --  Do you have a list of the Commissions / Officials that you have discussed these issues with either formally or informally?  It would be good to make sure that we have a running tally.  Jim 
 Next Steps --  1.	Leverage EES Customers Signing Post August 25 Contracts  The language in SB78 continues to hold the date for suspending DA as August 25.  EES signed a number of very large contracts that benefit important in-state businesses.  We are trying to establish a strategy around the following segments:  a)	California Restaurant Association b)	CMTA via the Aerospace Industry c)	Wal-Mart.  We need all of our customers to call (a) the Governor, (b) the key Legislative members, and (c) their trade associations.  Leveraging the trade associations is critical given CMTA's support for the bill.  We can release (very quietly) to influential persons Wal-Mart, Raytheon, and Northrop.  It is also critical that we try and contact someone from Boeing to get their read of the bill and its impact.  Our understanding is that they have recently signed a deal with another marketer and will be cut out by this Bill.  Any help in communicating with Boeing is critical.  Please let me know how best to approach the Calif Rest Association.  What should we do?  Is it better to have our customers call?  I will work up some talking points and phone numbers with Sue Mara to use in these discussions.  2.	Fight the CPUC on Retroactive Order  Sue Mara is working through AReM to convince the CPUC that their Proposed Decision would be illegal.  Continue to push on this front.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Sue --  What is our current involvement in the URG case?  Do we have a range of potential outcomes for each UDC?  Jim 
 Jean --  Please call Eric to understand the implications of filing or not filing on this issue.  Jim 
 Good idea.  Harry is the best to start with.  Jim 
 I would like to have a meeting today at 4pm to review the work that West Power URM has been working on to compare the economic impact of the 4 alternatives.  It would also be good to get any other feedback from the meetings with SCE and other relevant activities.  I will ask my assistant Linda Noske to get a call in number and a room on 47.  Please let Linda Noske know if you will attend.  Jim 
  Please cover this.  Jim 
 To make sure that everyone is on the same page, my understanding is that Thane "owns" this issue from top to bottom - Thane needs to make the recommendation about moving forward or not.  Please keep me in the loop.  Jim 
 I can't make it, but Sue Mara will cover.  Jim 
 Don't worry about the call. 
 Thanks Barbara.  If we need to do anything, please let me knwo.  JIm 
 Please coordinate a meeting with Chad for later this week between Chad and myself.  Jim 
 Great.  Really appreciate.  Jim 
 2:30 works for me on Thursday.  Jim 
 Works for me.  Jim 
 I can make it.  Now on my calendar.  Jim 
 Sue --  My take on this letter is that it is a little too "jumpy".  Any way to help make it a bit more to help Lynch do something different - maybe work from the AReM filing?  Jim 
 Thanks for the accounting treatment.  Probably better to have one payment this year and one payment on Jan2 (charged back to 2001).  Thanks,  Jim 
 Thanks for the feedback.  Your model now assumes a modification to the Distribution tariff to include a new rate element.  That may get around the Settlement (although OCA in PA will think that now D is going up and there is no offset in the G rate so consumers are getting screwed because they won't switch).  Also, can the PaPUC implement this charge and direct the EDCs to transfer the funds to third-party generators?  Seems like that would require legislative changes.  I like the idea that there should be fixed charge for ICAP - one way to get that number would be to go back to the EDC stranded cost cases and look at their filed testimony - remember if they are earning more from the market than that $ amount, they are overearning on their stranded costs.  Jim 
 Send me your phone number?  Jim 
 I thought we were responding through some other group?  Jim 
 Thanks.  Appreciate the concern.  Hopefully most of this will be legal time & $ but one never knows.  Jim 
 ok 
 Before we invite FERC staff to the trading floor, let's set up a gameplan a= nd run by the trading floor - I don't want a dispute with trading after inv= iting staff down here. =20 Jim 
 No problem.  Have a good vacation.  Jim 
 Thanks.  The key, of course, is to create a filing that could not be used against us at FERC on these issues.  I guess that amending the filing is better than withdrawing the filing and re-submitting.  My only thought would be that by withdrawing, PGE provides no trail.  Jim 
 Steve --  As Sue highlights below, when people talk about stranded costs ending no la= ter than 3/31/02, they are only speaking about generation-related stranded = costs.  Above market costs for QFs will be "collected" from DA customers fo= r some time into the future.  Wanted to make sure that this was clear.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Linda -  Please work up some letters from me to the people in the file ECAR, MAIN, MAPP for my review.  Thanks.  Jim 
 The Offsite is more imporant.  Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date.  Jim 
  You on this call?  Jim 
  Becky --  What's the upside and downside from the Settlement.  My only concern is tha= t FERC is so swamped with issues may be overwhelming.  Where is our busines= s going?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please reschedule until Wednesday.  I have a meeting all afternoon on California.  Tell Mike I apologize greatly.  Jim 
 Sarah & Alan --  I plan on attending.  Both of you should feel free.  I think that right now we should decline any offer to present unless we can come up with a set of "Guiding Principles" (i.e., prospective market rules, etc.)  Jim 
 Per our discussions yesterday, the following should hopefully be completed before the 2:30 (CST) conference call on Recoupment and the 4:00 (CST) conference call on PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge.  1.	Bob Williams - Synopsis of 1c/kwh Surcharge 2.	Sue Mara - Background on CPUC Activity on 1c/kwh Surcharge (to be included in Bob Williams' write-up) 3.	Dian Huddleson - Plan for Requesting Net Bill Reinstatement 4.	URM - Analysis of PX Credit Methodology 5.	Mary Lynne Ruffer - Analysis of Net Bill Amounts 6.	Jim Steffes - CPUC Legal Analysis  The goal for today is to have all necessary data to develop our recommendations for how to proceed in these matters so that we can meet with the business heads tomorrow.  Call In Information -  2:30 Recoupment 1-800-998-2462 # 5462908  4:00 PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge To Be Provided By Linda Noske 
 Wes & Wade --  You've probably seen this, but FERC issued this notice for Jurisdictional Public Utilities related to a FASB decision. 
 Richard --  We need to make some decisions very soon (this morning) about Enron's submission of data into the Pacific Northwest ("PNW") refund case.  The data is due at FERC no later than Thursday August 16.  The key strategic issues in submitting the data to the ALJ include the following --  1.	Do we exclude bookouts (ie, only physical transactions)?  It appears that other market participants intend to exclude bookouts.  EPMI should also exclude bookouts given that these transactions never went physical and hence are not appropriate to consider in this case.  2.	Do we provide only sales transactions or do we include our purchases?  The ALJ's Order allows parties to include purchases only if the selling party is not an intervenor in this case and hence, our purchase would not be included in the data.  The ALJ wants to limit the amount of data to be provided to ease the workload.  Our initial analysis of some data from other parties is that there will be transaction data irregularities and hence, we should provide all of our relevant sales and purchases.  By having the data in the case, we can dispute any inappropriate transaction and ensure that all of our purchases are included in the calculation of refunds.  This is key for Enron in that our primary defense is that Enron deserves refunds as a purchaser to offset any sales refund amount.  3.	Do we provide data for all 4 time blocks (through 24 hours, through 7 days, through one month, through 1 year)?  The ALJ's Order indicates that parties are to provide data for transactions that are not consistent with the initial definition of "spot" - deals less than 24 hours done day ahead or day of.  Our initial recommendation is to provide the data but to retain our arguments that this is not consistent with FERC's Order.  The primary downside of not complying with this element of the data submission request is that we anger the ALJ and end up providing the data anyway after being told directly to comply.  In addition, it is possible that by providing all of the data we could be creating the problem that some economist or competitor could get their hands on the data at a later date and "determine" our trading strategies.  Weighing these risks, I would still recommend to include this data but argue before the ALJ and the FERC the ultimate relevance.  4.	Do we provide data based on contract date?  The ALJ has requested data for contracts that were valid on December 25, 2000 that had physical energy flowing after December 25, 2000 through June 20, 2001.  This would explicitly include Balance of the Month transactions for December 2000 and the associated physical flows. To minimize the hours on these transactions, we intend to enter the transaction date in the data submission to allow for FERC staff to delete inappropriate transactions.  I will call you this morning.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Left you off.  Sorry. 
 Ginger --  Please send to Rick's team.  Jim 
 Steve -- =20 I've stopped trying to understand the Utilities in California and what they= want - it hurts too much.  But yes, the law allows the Utilities to contin= ue to collect "something" from customers, including DA customers, for QF co= sts beyond 3/31/02. =20 Jim 
 Ok.  If the FERC team in DC (Donna and Sarah) are ok, let's support this bu= t let's make sure that we have outlined our "needs" and "wants" and "no way= s" before going in.  Also, who would cover and can we do this in Houston (g= uessing most of the parties in town)?  Jim 
  Jeff --  Any communications with ElectriCities on virtual direct access?  Maybe another good avenue for ElectriCities to help its members?  Now that direct access is dead in NC, ElectriCities could agree to move new products through their stable channel.  Jim 
 Why is Buxton upset?  This is good for consumers?  What does he want to change his mind and push this forward?  Wouldn't this just lower the prices to his customers?  Also, this is why we need to be constantly pushing the political message in the states.  Jim 
 Buxton is not a true consumer advocate - I thought that he was the guy who put MECC's together.  We have a relationship with him.  Why not work our magic.  Jim 
  FYI.  Please keep this confidential.  Jim 
 I'm taking Sept 3 off - I think it's Labor Day.  Please also note that I am taking off late in September.  Choose the best date to work through for this.  Jim 
  Pls update my calendar. 
 Pls put on my calendar. 
 John -  Can you please get with Sue?  thx 
 Ask Linda Noske to schedule some time for us to go over.  I think it's great.  Jim 
 Bob --  Let's discuss today.  Jim 
 On what case?  Jim 
 Linda -  Pls work with Brian Redmond's asst to have a meeting with me, him, Jean Ryall, and Becky Cantrell.  Thx. 
 Maybe someone from the Risk Mgmt Working Group would also go?  Jim 
 Jeff --  Please send the invoice to my assistant - Linda Noske - to have her take it through the system.  Her phone number is 713-853-6082.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Do we want to "represent" EPSA on the Friday panel?  Jim 
 Linda --  I thought that Ray set up a daily call regarding the CA and Pacific Northwest Refund litigation at FERC?  It's not on my calendar.  Can you please call Bernadette Hawkins to verify and put on my calendar?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please find out if Gordon, Mary Lynne, and Steve can meet at 2pm to follow-on to our PX Credit discussions?  If it does, please find a room on 47.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Pls keep sending these.  I just didn' t know the case.  Jim 
 Here are my comments given my very short review of the NGA Statement.  18.3.4	Demand Response 	GOOD  18.5	Improving Energy Transmission	OK talks about "equal access for all suppliers" even though says "oppose preemption", indicate a willingness to better coordinate  18.6	Regulatory hard to read if the section on "no preemption of state regulatory authority" is good or bad...we don't argue that our model preempts any authority, only that transmission service is best defined by FERC.  Jim 
 Thane --  You are probably already aware but if not, Enron holds an interest in Project Cornhusker (a QF in Cleburne).  There are some issues that may develop with the plant related to its ability or inability to meet specific ERCOT guidelines.  Generation Investments is managing this asset and relations with Brazos Co-op. Their primary concern is that Mirant is Brazos Co-op's QSE and may be interested in playing games with the plant through modification of ERCOT rules.  Please coordinate with Jean and decide who will call either Rick Hill or Chuck Ward.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Nothing really - he both had the $ to retire and wanted to spend more time with his family.  No "forcing" out.  Jim 
 Jennifer -  I like your #2 and #3 issues for highlighting.  On the issue of fuel diversity, Enron has been somewhat agnostic.  Please draft some comments and share with Tom Hoatson to submit.  Thank you,  Jim 
 What was the explicity capacity ($/kw-mo) component by year for PECO in their stranded cost case?  Feel free to call JR.  Jim 
 Bryan --  Thanks for the info.  I think that a Section 4 would be good to add - who is on each list in a "major" way?  Sort of your analysis of who is the best company to leverage if we are to work a deal?  Jim 
 I have a call into Jean Ryall to discuss.  Agreed that we need to keep our FERC team in the loop.  Jim 
 Bob --  Please be on the next RCR call to update.  See Ginger for time.  Jim 
 Did all of the amendments pass the Appropriations Comm?  When will a new bill get printed?  Jim 
 When: Friday, August 17, 2001 4:30 PM-5:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Yes.  Also, best to coordinate with Jeff and Sue.  Jim 
 Is it possible for everyone to stay on Rick's Staff meeting (10:30 CST) today to discuss our next steps?  I think that may allow us an opportuntity to set up next steps.  Jim 
 Do you want to go to Las Vegas for this trip?  I love you,  Jim 
 Can we talk about this protest at 3pm (using the last 30 minutes of our call on Market-Power analysis)?  Also, we need to coordinate this activity with some protests that Janine filed in the Ohio PUC about a failure of implementing a fix for the "native load" exception.  Jim 
 Can you get a call in number for 3pm? I want to give to Kerry Stroup and Donna Fulton to discuss AEP NEXT STEPS.  Also in the meeting should be Sarah Novosel, Christi Nicolay, Mike Roan.  Jim 
 Bob & Ray --  Can each of you please put together a short outline of the (a) timeline, (b) key decision points, and (c) potential outcomes of the decision points for the different refund cases?  If possible, having this before today's call would be helpful (but I realize that this may be difficult).  Jim 
 Paul & Alyse --  If we need help, Sarah is interested.  My recollection is that we had filled the slots.  Please let me know.  Jim 
 Linda --  Please work with Jan.  Thx,  Jim 
 Jeff --  Federico is coming to the states to understand how our policymakers deal with the issue of default service.  He is the manager of the Italian default service provider.  Can you please make a presentation next Thursday or Friday about the UI deal?  Thanks,  Jim 
 A couple questions --  1.=09Could the company include distribution wires as well, instead of being= just a transmission only wires? 2.=09How many shares would a divesting company get?  Could this be more tha= t 5%?  If so, wouldn't this be over the "control" threshold?  In general, I fully support this type of action. =20  Jim=09 
 Agree.  Jim 
 Sarah -  I can't open this.  Jim 
 Jeff -  Sue called on Friday late and had some issue with the research report that was to go out.  She didn't give me any details.  How do we get to her to discuss.  Jim 
 What do you guys think?  My idea is to have a short (10 page) presentation that gives a brief update and then make sure that we understand current positions and current projects?  1 hour max.  The four of us would deliver.  Jim 
 Should you be on this service list?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for getting this info.  Jim 
 good info. 
 Linda --  I'd rather not use the first week in October.  I may move my vacation to that week.  Jim 
 Susan --  Can you confirm with the desk?  My recollection is that the combination would make sense?  Also, not sure how this "works" with the testimony we've filed to support natural markets?  Maybe Christi can piece that all together or call TCA and get their read.  Jim 
 Diann --  What's the next step?  Jim 
 Thanks. 
 thanks.  Jim 
 thanks 
 Ok.  Christi --  Please ask each regional RTO heads (all that are being discussed + Mediation) to develop one page memo.  May want a map with current config and a map with FERC model.  Let's plan on doing for September 11 or September 12.  I'll ask Linda Noske to work with Duran's assistant to coordinate.  Also, let's give info on current Interconnection issues.  Finally, Christi, maybe you could develop 5 key regulatory issues.  Jim 
 Janine --  The other thing that I am thinking is that we don't want to file anything at the FERC without a broad coalition.  At the right time (after we understand the facts and our desired outcomes), let's sit down and discuss how to approach FERC.  I think the timing is right to make a cogent, well-defined argument before FERC but we need to sell this to the FERC before the filing and we need to have Enron as a minor player in the fight.  The FERC is looking to help retail markets.  Jim 
 thanks. 
  Any thoughts on the NERC budget?  Jim 
 John --  Do you know when Enron started discussions with these customers?  Jim 
 Janine --  What's the gas delivery tariff on CGE for generation services?  Do they have a standard service?  Do they have a good generator interconnect agreement on the power side?  Jim 
 Sorry.  Pls let me know the outcome.  Jim 
 Dave --  I'll look at today.  Is there an RCR?  Jim 
 I am not attending.  Jim 
 Christi --  Can you please send any and all summaries of the RTO Orders mandating Mediation for NE and SE to Vicki Sharp?  Also, please include any other information that is helpful to understanding these issues.  Thanks,  Jim 
 FYI. 
 I wanted to make sure that everyone is on the same page related to utility costs in California.  These costs may be (will be?) collected  from some utility customer, potentially including direct access customers.   Bucket #1	Utility Undercollection Feb 1, 2000 Through Jan 18, 2001  About $12.0 Billion (this money includes our Negative CTC amounts).  Should be financed through corporate debt.  No securitization.  Enron's Position:	Bundled service on Jan 1, 2001 pays fixed c/kwh  Bucket #2	CDWR Cost from Jan 5, 2001 through Bond Issuance or March 31, 2002  About $12.5 Billion  (about $10 Billion for spot purchases and $2.5 Billion for long-term buys)  Enron's Position:	Dedicated Rate Component (DRC) for all residential and small customers.  Larger customers are assigned direct responsibility for the Undercollection on c/kwh.  Balancing account for holding Utility even.  Bucket #3	Prospective Generation Costs for Bundled Service Post March 31, 2002  URG 	= $40/mwh (retained generation and bilateral contracts) CDWR 	= $120/mwh QF 	= $100/mwh  TOTAL 	= URG*%sales + CDWR*%sales + QF*%sales = $90/mwh   Bucket #4	AB1890 Non-Generation Stranded Costs    Bucket #5	AB1890 Generation Stranded Costs 
 Let me know how this turns out.  If you need a contact, let me know.  Also, everyone should be aware about an aggregation project under Phyllis Anzalone.  EES legal has found a loophole to the time restrictions on electricity contracts and the appropriations risk that we need to check out.  Jim 
 Ray --  Let's discuss on today's Refund call. =20  Jim 
 Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting.  Thanks,  Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Guys --  I agree that we need to file at FERC.  But we need to also get in the field with a strong message supporting FERC ASAP in the Southeast.  I'd rather go down swinging.  Maybe a least find out the objections of the parties across the region (including PUCs, stakeholders, etc.).  What about building a short schedule?  Maybe coordinate with DC office on key members?  Jim 
 good job. 
 I think this makes alot of sense.  Who would cover PA and NJ at retail - you?  Jim 
 Linda --  Please arrange a good time tomorrow or Thursday to talk with Aleck.  Jim 
 Thanks for doing this.  Jim 
 Probably not.  Thanks.  Jim 
 When: Tuesday, August 21, 2001 4:00 PM-4:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: eb47  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  PLEASE ATTEND IF POSSIBLE. 
 Latest information on CPUC Decision --  Commissioner Bilas filed an Alternative Draft for the CPUC that would:  *	hold DA suspension and have the CPUC conduct hearings that would work out details including impact on bonds and phasing ending of DA, *	resolved issues related to credits and payments of Negative CTC, and *	hold hearings dealing with bottoms-up ratemaking for DA.  This is effectively an updated version of the alternate that Bilas put out last time the CPUC considered this issue.  It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved.  Our current information is still that the CPUC will vote to suspend DA as of Sept 1.  Jim 
 Please see me.  Thx. 
 John --  How about I take the "delay" side for $200?  Jim 
 I think that we should support the effort.  I would not get into the specifics in any region or the specifics of the proceedings.  This should be an opportunity for Enron to "spin" its message - RTOs help us help our customers....  Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Why have exit fees and limit to open enrollment?  Jim 
 Right now I'd let the FERC make that call.  If asked, Enron believes that incorporating Fla into the Southeast makes great sense for Florida consumers - more access to low cost markets, etc.  Why is the fight ours?  Let's keep it alive before FERC but not make it a big push for Enron.  Jim 
 What happened?  Jim 
 John & Louise --  I wanted to make sure that you were aware that FERC has ordered natural gas sellers to provide monthly reporting for transactions relating to California.  We are, of course, seeking for FERC to modify its decision.  Given the politics surrounding California energy markets, it is unlikely that FERC remove in whole the reporting obligation.  Govt Affairs has talked with the West gas team about this new obligation and how we respond.  If you have any questions, please call.  Jim 
 Makes sense.  Jim 
 Please see PG&E response.  Jim 
 Ok.  How about breakfast on Thursday?  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Will be in touch.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  Please review and discuss with me if you think there could be "financial" products placed on top of this Utility service - ie, could we get a customer to agree to this and then offer a swap to fix their rate?  Jim 
 Fine with me.  I finish up with an EES Op Comm meeting at about 10am.  Jim 
 Amr-  You may want this.  Jim 
 Is this our responsive testimony?  Jim 
 Becky --  Thanks for the update.  I think that maybe you should take 1 hour to walk through the deregulation history of pipelines?  Maybe INGAA has some nice history?  Jim 
 Amr --  Please take the first stab at two presentations (for each business unit) that would lay out what our key issues and decisionmaking process for these issues.  Jim 
  What do I do?   Jim 
 I am worried if we give the MM "penalty" ability - especially before the fact.  This feels alot like the NYISO implementing some market remedies.  FERC can act quickly to abuse if it is found.  Jim 
 This gets at some of the buckets of $$ that may or may not be charged to DA.  We continue to try and pull together the facts surrounding the potential surcharges to ensure that the book is properly marked.  Jim 
 Hope --  I will be attending the Board Meeting.  Sorry I am so late.  Linda Noske will be finalizing my plans.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Any way to work on (1) moving to 4/1/02?  Jim 
 Steve --  Thanks.  Looks good.  Some thoughts for you to consider:  1.    Not sure that Impact #1 makes sense to present.  No real reason to set CTC = 0 c/kwh on Jan 5 (CalPX was still in operation).  I think that Impact #2 better captures the idea.  Also, probably not good to use the term "CTC Eliminated".  Maybe should say "CTC = 0 c/kwh".  Given the CPUC's March 27 Order, the Utilities have a claim for additional generation related stranded costs until March 31, 2002.  2.     In calculating Impact #2, what did you use as the Jan 19 - Aug baseline?  Did you calculate the hit of ($104.5) from actual bills or based on our DJ Index model (there is a fundamental difference in likelihood based on the baseline)?  Also, I assume that the Feb - Aug timeframe was relatively low because EES and EEMC had most of their load on bundled service.  3.    Probably should discuss in a footnote the different models for PX Credit calculation and most specifically the PG&E Adjustment.  Also, may be interesting to have the $ impact of the PG&E Adjustment (the rate adjustment to re-capture their previous mistake).  I think that this is something we need to go into the CPUC to fight pretty quickly.  4.    Should Impact #4 and Impact #5 apply to SCE's loads?  In column 4 it looks like it does.  SCE is not currently hitting our bills with this surcharge.  5.    Probably better to model Impact #5 as of Oct 1 not Sept 1.  6.    Can you break out the volumes for "vintage" contracts versus "retail gen with passthru" contracts?  You haven't shown anything for (a) Utility Undercollection costs or (b) CDWR bond fees.  These costs may hit our vintage contracts.  Jim 
  Pls work into my calendar.  Jim 
 I'd be happy to come to the meeting on Sept 5.  I'd rather stay close to the bldg for the reception.  Jim 
 John --  Look at the letter from CAEM below.  They want us to sign on.  Not sure that Enron adding its name is the best idea.  Also, are the sections listed the right ones?  Maybe we can change this without our name.  Jim 
 Please process this request.  Jim 
 Susan --  Please take the lead on coordinating our response.  Thanks. 
 Paul --  How is everything going?  Wanted to make sure that I hadn't been unresponsive to the project.  Anything critical that you need from me?  Please let me know.  Jim 
 Agree.  Would be good to have the utilities' answer in graphic form (17+ RTOs) versus FERC's model on a side-by-side.  Discussion of the TCA work on natural markets to support FERC.  Jim 
   Please give me your comments before the meeting.  Jim 
  FYI 
 Hey,  maybe here for our anniversary.  Jim 
 thanks. 
 Thanks.  By the way, it is only a "suggestion".  I know that I can push pretty hard at times but it's only because I believe that both of you can handle it.  You're both doing fabulous jobs.  Of everything going on, I never worry about the NE and SE RTO mediations because I know that you guys are going to get everything possible for Enron.  Keep up the great job!!!!  Thanks for everything,  Jim 
 Cool.  Sending messages in real-time.  Jim 
 Linda --  Pls print out for me. Thx. 
  FYI.  California is playing games with the market again.  Jim 
 Sweetie --  Here is the address.  Scott Karro 200 West 26th Street Apt. PHJ New York, NY  10001  I love you.  Jim 
 Info on the SCE response.  Jim 
 I wanted to make sure that you had seen the language Jeff references that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit  in the earlier e-mail.  Call me with any questions.  Jim 
 Jim --  I was wondering if you would like to meet with Alan Comnes and me to discuss your thoughts on market power mitigation on Thursday, Sept 13 at 7:30am in DC?  Let me know.  Alan and I are in DC for some other discussions.  Jim 
 Eric --  Please give me a call.  I would probably recommend that you sign a new contract with Dick given that we did not intend to renew his option year.  Jim 
 FYI 
 I agree with Bob that the reporting issues are important.  I also think that focusing on the "lessons learned" from the NE RTO and SE RTO mediation would be interesting.  Have people from different industry groups discussing their views of where the mediations concluded (assuming we are finished by October).  Any outstanding issues between EPSA members and between EPSA and other parts of the industry could be discussed.  Thanks,  Jim 
 No truth from what I know. 
  A couple of points --  1.	The language in the relief indicates that we are trying to "determine the validity and amount of PX Credits owed to EES and EEMC".  Is this correct?  Isn't our primary goal in this complaint to (a) have the Utility return the net credit to our bills and (b) to allow for recoupment againts all non-generation related charges?  2.	Throughout the document the idea of "T&D charges" is used.  I assume that this is shorthand for all non-generation related charges?  We pay CTC and public purpose costs as well as T&D.  3.	Not sure if CPUC regulates the ESPs.  The filing makes this case in the first paragraph.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Fine.  Dick and I have worked out exactly the hours for my group that he will work through mid-Oct.  Why not have Dick submit his charges for your group directly to your assistant?  Bernadette is in DC and having these charges running around the country may cause great confusion.  Finally, since I have not looked at his contract lately, I assume that in using this contract to move forward immediately we are not creating any other obligations with Dick?  Thanks,  Jim 
  Way to go!!!  Jim 
 I was wondering if someone from our trading desk would take the lead?  Not necessarily someone from Govt Affairs.  Jim 
 Are we ready?  I thought that we were still moving through the process.  Jim 
 Lisa -  I would recommend that you send Mike Day the language to clarify #3.  Jim 
  Alan --  Here is the original note for your update.  Jim 
 Lynne --  This appears fine.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Pat --  Please keep Jean Ryall and Thane Twiggs in the loop on these activities.  Specifically, they need to let the desk know before we take any formal actions.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Harry -- Can you please review and provide input on comments?  Especially a= s it relates to keeping open the San Diego market. =20 Jim 
  See last bill.  Jim 
 Jennifer --  Can you get a copy of the SBX2 1 and provide short synopsis?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Janel got something on this from PRI.  Not sure about how much media it got.  Jim 
 A short analysis that indicates who would face the brunt of this bill (Enron?) and the mechanism ($/mwh or % of income)?  Jim 
 Donna & Becky --  Do you have any good points of reference on the history of natural gas restructuring?  Jim 
 I've sent out some feelers on a good book.  I'll look around my desk etc.  Jim 
 I didn't calendar (or at least I don't remeber).  When will this happen?  Jim 
 Call Ozzie Pagan.  Jim 
 Lamar --  I have received the list of the clients from John McMullen.  The key push is Legislative and AReM PR is not involved.  We need the customers to call the Gov and key Legislators.  Jim 
 Dave --  With EES' push into serving smaller customers, the issues in this situation -- potential affiliate abuse and unfair sharing of information -- will become more important.  When EES focused on national outsourcing, this was less an issue because our products crossed many jurisdictions.  This issue, of course, is especially important in recently opened or opening markets as the affiliates try and secure large market share.  We are also watching for these activities in places like MI, VA, and OH.  Jim 
 We need to let Jeff Richter and Tim Belden understand the implications of this for current book of business.  Jim 
 Vicki --  Along with everything else, this bill continues to be discussed.  We don't think this is a high probability, but wanted you to be aware (and more importantly, this is California).  I'll keep you up to date.  Jim 
 Jason --  Dinner is at 5pm at the house.  We are catering from Eatzi's.  Casual dress is preferred.  See you then.  Jim 
 Janine --  If we have draft tariff language, I'd push pretty hard.  Jim 
 I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market.  If anyone has any specific questions before then, please call me at 713-853-7673.  Jim 
 We need a model for the entire Midwest independent of the ability to change= .  Jim 
 2pm works for me.  Jim 
  FYI.  It would be helpful for you to be on this call.  Jim 
 The meeting to discuss California issues today has been set at:  12:00 noon - 1:00 p.m. EB 8C1  Dial-in #:  1-847-413-3181 Passcode:  7816787 
 Here is another file. 
  FYI 
 FYI 
  FYI.  Please coordinate going forward with EPSA.  Jim 
  Here is the Proposed Decision.  Appreciate any thoughts you have on how to fight or when.  Jim 
 Bob --  Pls send Alan the overviews you and Ray put together earlier - thanks.  Jim 
 Bob --  Pls update me with all parties Ripple claims on this afternoon's call - Alan you should get on (4:30 Houston time).  Jim 
 I want to do this today.  Jim 
 Angie -  I will be traveling and unable to attend.  Hope everyone has a great time.  Jim 
 scary. 
 Sue --  What were the figures for the two months prior?  Jim 
 Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?  Jim 
 I don't understand why you were denied access.  Did we improperly file?  Call me. 
 Amr & Janel --  Please add these people to your lists.  Jim 
 Richard, etal  --  Attached is the complaint that EES intends to file tomorrow against SCE related to the recoupment of our Negative CTC.  As you aware, after returning our customers to DA recently, our billing department was expecting that the past Negative CTCs would be returned to our customer's accounts - this has not happened nor after conversations with SCE will it occur.  This complaint is the next step in the process of attempting to recoup these funds.  Primarily EES does not want to pay for Utility charges for our customers while an outstanding Negative CTC balance is due.  One key risk with filing this Complaint is that SCE may consolidate this case with the earlier Complaint that is currently on hold.  Probably not too big of a downside.  We will be paying the bills into the CPUC for holding until the resolution of the Complaint.  Any questions or issues please let me know.  Jim 
 I'll discuss tomorrow with Bob.  Jim 
 David --  I will cover for meeting and let you know if anything happens.  Jim 
 I plan on attending.  Jim Steffes 
 Sarah --  Two issues that we should work on -- First Energy discusses CBM (not sure of their position) and MAPSA deals with ICAP.  My recollection is that ICAP will not be addressed at this time?  Seems to me that we should  try and propose some resolution or at a minimum a separate proceeding to mediate this issue before 1/1/03?  What do you think?  On CBM, now is the time for FERC to get rid of this discriminatory practice.  Jim 
 This is the list of the parties opposing the NERTO and their arguments.  Jim 
 My only addition would be to strengthen the answer to #5 - RTOs, even if fo= rmed, do not explicity resolve the question of the Native Load Exception.  = I think that this is critical to highlight if this issued is raised. =20 Jim 
 sounds good. 
 Harry --  I think that this makes alot of sense.  I like working through AReM on this= as much as possible. =20 =20 When is the next deadline? =20 Jim 
 Please arrange on my schedule.  Jim 
  John -  I think that Sue is still on vacation.  Jeff may be able to help.  Jim 
 Bob --  When should we file our complaint at the CPUC?  Jim 
 I wanted IR and PR to be aware that within the next few days  the PG&E Bankruptcy team will file with the Judge Enron's current claim.  We intend to ask the Judge to Lift the Stay so that we can file at the CPUC a complaint to recoup our current receivable.  I'm not sure what our public statements have been and as soon as we prepare the filing, I'll let you know.  If anyone has any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Jamie --  Thank you for keeping me in the loop on your activities.  While I am always supportive of more public statements pushing competition, neither I nor Enron can sign on to the letter.  First, I am concerned that having Enron sign on will distract from your messages.  Enron is a "hot button" in DC and will change the proper focus.  In addition, I would argue that the recommendation for a national commission is out of place with the current timing of FERC and Congressional action -- which is imminent -- while a commission would delay action on the Hill and at FERC, thus supporting the forces against competition.  Let's not study this too much - we know what to do.  Move away from the commission.  Also, I'm not sure how providing federal grant money only to states that promote competition supports our efforts.  Making GA pay for PA is a distraction from the main fights at FERC and on the Hill.  Finally, I would guess that more funds to FERC and other agencies will only be used to increase enforcement against those in the industry.  While Enron wants markets that work well, the core problem is that we haven't deregulated enough - not that markets aren't working.  Also, I don't know where the recommendation numbers from the Bush/Cheney plan came from -- I think it was an earlier document -- there are no such numbers in the final printed version of the report that I have.  If you want to talk, please let me know.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Are we sending anyone?  Jim 
 Amr --  I'd like this as well.  Jim 
 With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.  I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.  While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going.  I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.  For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.  This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.  Thanks - I appreciate your help,  Jim 
 I am not sure if we have a claim to "PX Credits".  Our claim is to the negative residual of Bundled less the PX Credit = Negative CTC.  Jim 
 Ray --  FYI.  Some information on how we are talking about the claims in the Bankrupcty case.  Jim 
  Include on the report.  Jim 
 It's on my calendar.  Unless I need to be in California, I'll go to DC.  Jim 
 Janel --  This paper has two great maps that highlight the Utilities' model for RTOs = and the FERC's current proposal.  Would be great to build this into some DC= and other political coverage.  Jim 
 Did our $MM Supreme Court attorneys have any heartburn?  Jim 
 Here is the file.  While there are some quotes, remember that the analytics were never taken to the final decimal.  We were mainly trying to make a political point.  Jim 
 Jean --  What is Doug going to say?  Do we have the right messages?  What about the retail issues in Texas?  Have we considered these?  Jim 
 Vicki & Evan --  Please see the e-mail trail below.  The PAPUC has assessed EES $147,000 for its costs.  We intend to protest.  Do you have any idea of who this bill would go to?  Jim 
 Tom --  There does appear to be some intelligence gathering going on at the CPUC.  You should speak with legal about the inquiry.  Clearly the CPUC has a right to ask anything they want - it is my understanding is that our customers have a confidentiality clause in their contract that prohibits them from responding.  Jim 
 Linda --  Can you please get a copy of the report below "Spending Wisely on Private Hubs" for me?  If it costs $$, I don't want it.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Jennifer -  Please make sure that Vicki gets regular updates of both bills.  Thanks.  Jim 
 Christi --  Fine work. Looks like we are moving forward in the SE.  A couple of discussion points.    I am still not so much in love the LMP as this paper makes it seem you are (I don't believe there is a perfect solution).  Also, the document is not consistent relating to Control Area consolidation.  For instance, the issue around CA or RTO with tagging makes no sense if there is only one CA - the RTO.  This is important to highlight to the ALJ.  The easiest way to solve the problem is to do away with the archaic systems of the old world.  Also, I still don't fully understand why we are happy that the SAC gets to pick the IMA.  I personally despise the concept of a SAC - never has worked when times get tough.  Also, no real discussion (or maybe I missed) of timing to implement - next phase?  Anyway, great work in the mediation.  Keep pushing these guys from the South.  Thanks,  Jim 
  Jeff --  See below.  Does this fit into Mary's responsibilities?  Let me know.  Jim 
 Thought you should see this.  Jim 
 Should we talk about the implications for the PX Credit given this PD?  I am guessing that this would significantly alter the calculation for PG&E - moving DWR from $60 to $140.  Do we want to file comments on how this should than resolve the PX Credit process?  Jim 
 I wanted to re-confirm that you are covering?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Please set up a meeting on Monday with Becky.  Thanks 
 This guy runs a small think tank / TV and radio program that tries to push competitive ideas.  He is very pro telecom and energy dereg.  Not sure if this is something that makes alot of sense for Enron, but thought I'd get your spin.  I'll follow up with you.  Jim 
 Thanks for the material.  I am discussing internally.  Will keep confidential.  Jim 
 Good info.  I like the Reg Orig plays.  Amr should track our success.  Jim 
 Jim --  I'll be staying downtown.  Once I finalize my plans, I'll get in touch to finalize our meeting.  You're right about our thinking - probably just to get a feel for some ideas, nothing formal.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Lisa --  I don't have any funds for this.  Sorry.  Jim 
 Jose - thanks.  Also, feel free to send to JoAnn Hill in Houston.  Jim 
  For the report. 
 Susan --  Please put in an RCR to discuss ASAP (probably next week).  I think that the key issue involves the inclusion of financial transactions.  Need a solid message from industry that this is inappropriate - which EPSA members are filing this info?  Jim 
 Some thoughts from Bob Williams.  Jim 
 Please let the right person know that I will be on vacation.  Jim 
 Thanks.  Fully agree.  I figure Sarah's already committed to #2.  Jim 
 Charles --  After our conversation today, I thought that I'd outline some Q&A topics for you to consider --  1.	How does NERC define "security"? (important to differentiate between national security and system security). 2.	What is NERC's role in national security? 3.	Will RTOs degrade national security?  system security? 4.	What does Enron think about calls to restrict access to network information such as transmission maps? 5.	Does Enron oppose additional emphasis on securing electricity infrastructure?  This Q&A should not be released to the public.  I think this is just to make sure that all of Govt Affairs is on the same page and our DC team has good answers to hard questions.  Thanks. 
 Guys --  We need to quickly put together some talking points on how to respond to AEP's request for delay until 2003.  My understanding is that AEP in Texas is wholly outside of ERCOT (if wrong - please inform).  AEP needs only to file a good amendment to the FERC OATT (or SPP needs to do it for them) ASAP.  My basic model for provisioning of energy for retail competition in non-ERCOT Texas is that delivery to the border of the OATT provider (for instance delivering a into-Entergy product into Arkansas and paying for losses would be sufficient for delivery into the Woodlands).  Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner.  Thanks 
 I'm on my way to DC.  Please ask my asst to set a good time to call with you on Wed.  Thanks 
 Unless Jean hears otherwise, I don't think that Enron needs to be doing anything that conflicts with the key policy arrangement on the marketer being the customer of record for the T&D services.  Jim 
 What does Mike Roan think??  Also, will they help pay for our "natural market study" in the SE??  Jim 
 Ray --  Wanted to make sure that you had seen the note Sanders sent around?  I think that we should discuss today on the 4:30 call.  Jim 
 Lisa --  Give me a call about this and Item #1 below.  Jim 
 Please print and ensure that Jose Bestard has this info.  Jim 
 Have we done my travel for NERC meeting in Vancouver?  Jim 
 Looks good.  Why doesn't EPSA propose a timeline for the FERC to order?  This could be a signal that we only want one "rule change" date.  Also, maybe we can build in Kevin's argument about uncertainty hurting liquidity and market dynamics right now.  Jim 
  The statements.  Jim 
 Rick --  You indicated that NERC disavowed their discussions with the press about national security and RTOs to NB (I may have misheard you).  I think these attachments would prove otherwise.  Finally, I'm sure that RJ Rudden is just fronting for Southern.  Jim 
 Paul --  Can we have a phone call with our Reg team on Friday to make sure that everything is a-ok?  I want one final run through.  If yes, please let me know by phone and I'll ask Linda Noske to set up the call.  Also, I owe you a call on Sue / Jeff.  Are you in Thurs?  Jim 
 Here is my proposed budget.  Jim 
 Mike Roan and Tom Hoatson would be the best.  Jim 
 Lynnette --  Please talk with Pat Keene about Nevada.  Some customers will have access.  Jim 
 Please make sure this discussion is incorporated into the Monthly Report 
 This is a non-ERCOT Texas utility.  Jim 
 Rick --  Belden is in Houston next Wednesday and a number of the Western team is going to visit with him about current status and issues.  Also, he wants to get more info on the PJM model.  Congress has re-scheduled the hearing on Reliability for the same time.  Can you attend the Belden meeting in Houston (Presto is coming for the PJM model discussion)?  Jim 
 Dave --  Do we have a strong preference for what DSTAR utilities should do?  I think that we want to communicate with OMTR and others at FERC to push a single RTO in the West (leaving CA) outside.  Also, having the Transco originally within the RTO West makes alot of operational sense and should not limit the economics of the Transco.  Jim 
  Rick --  Please see attached.  Lot's of $$ from CA.  Jim 
 Thanks Dave.  The critical things for us to take-away are the key priorities for the Desk moving forward.  On this, I want to make sure that Kevin and Tim are comfortable with the evolving process of implementing RTOs - Option 1: wait till completely ready or Option 2: start with basic and "improve".  Thanks,  Jim 
 Becky --  My only question is one of emphasis.  Are points 3&4 the key for Barry T.?  If so, should we move them up higher?  Also, why the very lenghthy discussion of pooling points?  The length makes the points after that discussion hard to appreciate.  Maybe a list of bullet points up front?  Jim 
 Should we add a Project titled "Interconnection NOPR" for Susan Lindberg?  Jim 
 Susan --  Can we sit down tomorrow or Monday for 30 minutes to discuss.  Maybe at 11am Friday.  Want to get an idea of the timing and our position.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Please put on my calendar and arrange travel/hotel.  Thanks 
 Rick --  I see that Amr has taken over the Fundamentals Group.  The fiefdom grows!!!!  Jim 
 Ray --  I think that this is about the CalPX bankruptcy.  Any issues?  Can you please get with PGE to make sure we are on the same page?  Jim 
 Mary --  As we discussed, please find a list of our project team leads on on-going wholesale matters.  Thanks,  Jim 713-853-7673 
 Could you please find out what group Carlos works with and pass him some information?  Thanks,  Jim 
 Info you wanted.  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  Not sure what we're doing.  I'll pass this along.  Jim 
 Please consider this candidate for the position.  Jim 
 Probably want to talk with Jay Lewis and other product leads?  I'll get some names.  Jim 
 Did you attend?  Did we file comments?  Jim 
 Thanks for the info.  We need to push for other good load programs in PJM a= nd New England.  Jim 
 Before I send this Louise, I'd like your thoughts.  The element that drives the EA # higher than I would have thought is the large number of people who are working on RTO and NERC only matters.  I've made a decision to assign these people to EA rather than spread to EES.  I could change if you think appropriate.  Thanks,  Jim 
 Lisa -  Please include G. Canovas in these discussions going forward.  Thanks. 
 Any other news?  Jim 
 Sure.  Jim 
 I think it's a fair statement that Enron doesn't currently support the Bart= on language.  On this issue, I would argue that any penalty imposed should = remain the purview of FERC and its procedures.  Jim 
 Mike --  Let's discuss.  I don't want to overextend our involvement to all regional reliability councils and all working groups. If the MAPP RTC is critical, let's understand why and staff as best we can.  Jim 
 Jim --  Do have a final copy for my files?  I assume that we submitted?  Jim 
 I agree with John Shelk to not attack the CBO report.  While the CBO again and again relies upon academic studies to state that ge= nerators "may" have withheld power, the basic argument is that "DEREGULATIO= N ITSELF NOT FAIL; RATHER, IT WAS NEVER ACHEIVED."   In addition, the paper= states that "MUCH OF THE BLAME FOR CALIFORNIA'S ELECTRICITY CRISIS ATTACHE= S TO THE STATE'S RESTRUCTURING PLAN -- BUT NOT TO ITS OBJECTIVE, ELECTRICIT= Y DEREGULATION."  In addition, California's response of "DIRECTLY INTERVENING IN THE MARKET -= - A RESPONSE THAT COULD PROVE COSTLY TO ELECTRICITY CONSUMERS AND TAXPAYERS= ."  I hope that we can use this to persuade FERC that they are missing the boat= on the Refund case.  The CBO has now stated publicly that the fundamental = market conditions and the State's poor plan and actions created the financi= al and political crisis.  The CBO finds that "WHOLESALE ELECTRICITY PRICES = WERE HIGHER THAN THEY PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN IN A TRADITIONALLY REGULATED= MARKET OR A MORE FULLY DEREGULATED MARKET"..because "FEATURES OF THE RESTR= UCTURING PLAN LIMITED THE RESPONSIVENESS OF THE SUPPLY AND DEMAND SIDES OF = THE ELECTRICITY MARKET."  Seems to me that we need to devise a strategy to get this message out (toge= ther with our details of the policy failures).  This CBO report clearly und= ercuts the "political" arguments of the Davis administration who had every = opportunity to fix the plan and who has now not only bought into horrible l= ong-term contracts but has passed through 100% of the high costs to consume= rs.  Jim=20 
 Today after the Hearing I attended lunch with John Anderson and Phil Harris.  One of the primary points of discussion involved what to do to respond to the NERC legislative efforts?  Basically we agreed that a straightforward delegation of authority over reliability to FERC made sense for all of the groups.  Agreeing to that, the idea is to review the Bingaman language and see if our groups could agree to that language.  I think that internally Enron is already there???  John Shelk, if you could pls send out the language to everyone on this e-mail to get agreement that would be very helpful.  I'll let you know how we next proceed.  If anyone has any problems, please let me know.  Thanks. 
  Lisa --  Who should I send this guy to?  Tim Battaglia?  Thanks. 
 Lisa --  I haven't forgotten about trying to find a name.  Was on vacation in early October.  I will ask around for the right name.  Hope Roger and you are doing well.  Grace is keeping Marianna and me very busy - she's now 19 months and pretty much runs the whole house.  Talk with you soon,  Jim 
 Sarah & Christi --  Let's make sure that we get our comments together prior to the phone call.  How about a phone call at 8:30 am CDT on Friday?  Also, probably don't need everyone on the EPSA call so maybe we should organize our participation?  Pls let me know.  Jim 
 Bryan --  a.	A good resource for you. b.	Also, if anything is intersting, may want to add.  Key would be MI, NV, and VA discussions.  Jim 
  Pls include on the report.  Jim 
 Do you want to do this?  Jim 
 Pls include on the Monthly Report 
 Pls incorporate as appropriate into our presentation.  Jim 
 I will be out of town. 
 Here are the other files.  Jim 
 Per our conversation today --  1.	Sue Mara is working with AReM to (a) work on an alternative vehicle for DA - the Bowen bill, (b) get the "taking" argument for retroactive CPUC action to Norm Plotkin and Richard Katz, (c) call APS Energy Services to motivate Boeing, (d) getting AReM active on the date issue.  By the way, Sue Mara heard that the CPUC has received "hundreds" of letters related to the CPUC decision.  2.	Everyone should be working to get customers focused on messaging to the (a) Governor's office and (b) trade associations.  KEY MESSAGES:	1.	Don't have the CPUC Make Wrong Decision Tomorrow 2.	SB78 can work if DA Suspension Date = Sept 1.01 or Later 3.	Setting this DA Suspension Date Does NOT Mean that Customers Will Escape Fair Surcharges  I am putting together a gameplan right now for who to call and the messages.  3.	I called Sandra Yamane (at Marathon Communications) re: CEO contacts.  Once I receive the list, we'll make a decision on how to proceed with that group.  4.	Hedy is working to get Hertzberg (and any others) to call the CPUC and seek another delay.  5.	Mike Day - can you please draft language to use on the Assembly floor to "fix" SB78 per our interests.  Hedy & Bev, who should support the amendment?  Don't we need a member to carry the provision?  Wouldn't it be better if we had CMTA or the CA Restaurant Association?  Is this possible?  6.	Scott Govenar is calling Boeing's lobbyist to get them "interested".  Thanks everybody.  Keep up the great work!!!  Jim 
