.  BT 
 Bill, FYI, I have received a formal request from PGT asking Enron to provide security on their pipeline.  The request is for approx $ 11MM. They are referencing a provision in their tariff  that says that if a co. goes below BBB by S&P, then they have the right to ask for security.  I have discussed this request with them and they assure me we are not being singled out. I told them we will review the letter with credit and management and get back to them prior to the deadline imposed on their request( Nov. 20).  A copy of this request will be on your desk first thing this a.m.  regards, BT 
 Carl, just wanted you to know that I have decided to NOT offer William a rotation in west gas and I have talked to him this a.m.  As discussed, I like his basic skill sets but I decided this a.m. to hold off for the next 2 weeks or so before filling any spots for the end of the year.  I am sure he will find a good rotation, just wasn't the best fit for me at this time.  Thanks, BT 
 Ty, pls check your model, I would believe you have a file reference error on the July 25, 55 day payables number ( when you include new deals).  Pls update and re-issue to me first thing.  BT 
 Leslie, I presented a form of assignment to PG&E as recently as 2 weeks ago( including other structures).. Generally speaking, they HATE the El Paso pipe because of it's flow risk and are not interested in discussing this with me until such time that EL Paso deliverability becomes more reliable.  Having them take this pipe as a vehicle to help offset our bankruptcy claim works from an economics point of view ( assuming you can agree on values), but I think you will have a battle regaring the quality of service that they are going to get. Regardless, it is a an out of the money position for us and we could accomodate if they wish to discuss further. Have Lisa or Michael call me if they wish to discuss logistics around this asset.  Thanks, BT 
 Mike, this was that item I wanted to talk to you about... I assume Kim got to you first.  I appreciate your response... It is extremely important that we maintain the highest quality of service to the wholesale customers where we have MSA's or full requirements arrangements and obligations.  Thanks, BT 
 Dave, although we need to track deal count, I continue to get orig amounts granted to you for $ 40.00... that is to small a number to worry about... I would think $ 500.00 / transaction would be a better cut line...  Remember, we are after deal flow, and orig....  no need to reply..  BT 
 Jeanie, as I read this e-mail i cringe at the thought that we have been dancing around this issue for  4 months yet all around us we will be laying off some very good employees who really deserve to be here, and more importantly, want to be here.  Plenty of time has been given to this issue..... please fix as soon as possible. Do you need anything from me? 
 Mark, for right now, I would not suggest we pursue any external hires. We are going to see  a lot of internal staff from different business groups looking for work.  BT 
 Kim, please schedule the appropriate people for a 15 minute discussion. I am sure that this can be resolved.  Also, be prepared to discuss the "Penalties" component of our obligations to put this in perspective.  BT 
 Howard, can you please verify what you mean by renewal rights.. specifically who owns what rights and until which period.  It is my expectation that with the exception of CNRL, ENA/ECC holds the obligation and annual renewal rights on Nova, ANG. We have assigned the PGT permanently out of Nov 08 to Calpine and Sierra Pacific.. We also have the obligation to give them the matching upstream capacity at that time.  Also, where do you think AEC, Talisman and CNRL will be to take permanent assignment of this pipe effective asap... thus changing the deal delivery point around..( an the credit situation).  Included in the shuffle will be the liquids obligations, nominations, ( ENA /ECC can still act as the agent) but most importantly the thing we need to transfer over is the pipe obligation on PGT..... stat !!!  Pls advise. 
 Pls set up a 15- 30 minute meeting with John and Mark Whitt ( Denver ) to discuss Williston Basin ( storage blowdown).  Pls advise.  Barry Tycholiz 
 I want this program continued for my group at this time. BT 
 No problem... by the way, I heard you guess were able to get the VNG deal completed... that  is great news.  Congratulations. BT 
 Chris, why does Puget have credit concerns with us?  It was my understanding that we had a MTM of $50 MM in which they were out of the money.I thought the risk was realtively short term. ( winter Gas).  You would think that they would be fine with loading up on Enron. Irony comes in all shapes and sizes when a LDC doesn't like our credit!!!!  With regards to a meeting.... I have yet to make my way up that way, and would still like to make that tour which includes Puget, Northwest Natural, Cascade etc.  I think that a meeting with these guys on a consolidated risk management plan would  be ideal.  I will call you today.  BT 
 kevin, do you have the phone number for Geysa Arujo at the Williams Shrink - Cochrane facility. She called me the other day and I must have taken her number down incorrectly.  Thanks. BT 
 We just moved over to our new building yesterday and i was moving my rolodex and your card popped up...  Everything good by you?  BT 
 Thanks for the note back.... yeah, I am still kicking.... and I am sure you know this that it will take a little more than a bankruptcy to shake this guy... when I grab on , I grab on tight....  Sorry for putting you through the inconvenience of having to read our documents.. I think we have all had to dust off the paper... but I sincerely hope most of it is behind us.  I knew Karen was at Progas, glad to hear that she is enjoying work...  I have not been to Calgary since May, and am not sure when I will be back up... and if it will be on a permanent of temporary basis.... all in all Houston is treating us pretty good.  Work really has been great and I have such a good marketing region... california, arizona, Denver.... vegas... are some of the highlights... so when I need to, I go blow a few braincells out in one of these fine regions..  Kim is working a little ( 2 shifts in 1 year).... she may have to pick up the pace on that effort... ( she is fighting me on that one)... House is good, weather right now is great... 80 degrees ( all the time)... there is something to be said about living in shorts and sandals...  Better run, take care, talk soonest.  BT 
 Paul, thanks for the note... do we have a position with these guys today either in the form of MTM or payables/receivables?  Like everyone else, the street continues to pick it's spots on new dealings with us but I wouldn't mind knowing what our existing exposures are to them.  BT 
 Not really...someone from Williams called you regarding a document that needs to be signed by the 30th.. is that a C/A for NWPipe....  She was covering for Jan, I did not get a chance to take the call, just heard about it...  BT 
 thanks, enjoy the few days off...BT 
 If one of the exercises is to standardize ( as best as possible the two agreements) I think we need to create a document that identifies the variance in the agreements. Has this been done and if so, can I have a copy to review. I have gone through both the US and Canadian agreements but am not sure where some of the subtle differences lie.  Call if you want to discuss.  BT 
 Dave, I have read the proposal. Pls coordinate a tele conference with yourself, mark and me. sometime this a.m.  Call jessica to set up a definative time.  BT 
 Hope things go ok for you... make sure you stay in bed.... soon enough you can get up and boss people around.  Kim and I wish you the best!  I am sure tammi will contact me to schedule.  BT 
 Good morning.... is all of Nevada Powers generation territory served from Southwests full requirements off of El Paso, or do you get some load from them at Kern?  Bt 
 Jessica, did we place the order for the playoff tickets... BT 
 Mike, here is a very brief overview of planned or approved expansions by major pipeline.  There is a lot of detail that supports each of these pipe expansions including, proposed start dates, delivery points, probability etc...  Let's discuss needs...  Perhaps, we can give your group a general overview on expansions in the west, current status etc.  BT 
 Pls review 
 Mark, we purchased a gift certificate from the group for Polsky's Wedding... if anyone is interested in chipping in from your place, pls send to stephanie.. the total gift was $ 200.00.  BT 
 San Diego at Dallas......this weekend.( i think).... Road Trip 
 With the crack team of developers that you had..... you should be able to fetch a pretty premium.!!! .. didn't she write code while eating her lunch and breast feeding her kids? 
 Kay, sorry I missed your call.  Tell Dave I am in on Sunday ( assume it will be around 7:00 or so)....pls advise on particulars.  BT 
 Please print out two copies in COLOR.  BT 
 Make sure we charge the proper cost of funds ( int. rate ) for basically putting money out the door for the deal. 
 I just received this from PG&E and wanted to make sure others received document also.  Pls distribute as required.  BT 
 Todd, I am reviewing these files now and will get back to you early next week.  Due to the problems this week, i was unable to meet with Robert Ayres and will make arrangements to do this next week.  BT 
 thanks, I will review in detail and get back to you to discuss a plan.... bt 
 Mark, Dave, I talked to Lavorato regarding a non-compete... he was fine with proceeding to negotiate a commercial deal but did not want us to commit to a non compete ( just yet) for these reasons.  1. He wants to not restrict EES in their abilities to market in that region ( I will discuss with Delainey). 2. Unless we have an exclusive he thinks we are boxing ourselves.  Pls digest these points as you proceed and keep me posted on where Cascade is even with the paper we showed to them.  BT 
 As we had talked about yesterday.... any deals cut by El Paso are going to be opposed by the shippers ( when it comes to adding new capacity or expanding ) until the existing issues are resolved.).  BT 
 FYI  Mark, I talked to Fred.. this meetingis cancelled until further notice... and for sure you  and your people were going to be invited.  BT 
 Paul, let's try to find some time on Friday to discuss next steps.  BT 
 When you talk to Robert Neustaedter, ask him about the Montebello storage field in Socal's territory that was blown down this year. I would like to know what application they filed, when it started and a summary of the details regarding this deal.  There was about 14 Bcf blown down.  BT 
 Can you see if you can float out these tickets for tonights game... I cannot make it. I have all 4.  BT 
 Leslie, further to our conversation. I don't think the prize in $$$'s is going to give us the leverage we had hoped but I will know better early next week exactly what that looks like. At the very least, we are going to position ourselves with El Paso such that we can have a commercial discussion.  BT 
  In consideration of the sensitivities regarding this asset and ENA's efforts to manage this risk. I believe we need to formalize and coordinate any external communication with El Paso.  Please advise by name who your lead contact is or would be and what the general purpose of the conversations is concerning.  If you do not have a primary contact or do not talk directly to the pipeline, pls advise.  thanks, BT   Enron			El Paso				Scope  Barry Tycholiz		Gerry Strange / Al Clark		Commercial activities regarding EL Paso Pipeline, current issues - negotiations. 
 Todd, further to your voice message. Yes, I did meet in person with Robert Ayers, the meeting went well, and he was going to contact me on Friday. He was considering another offer ( a different co.) and wanted to make a decision this week. As such I committed to informing him as to whether or not an offer will be made to him.  At this time, I am not going to make an offer and will advise him as such upon my next contact. Although he has some good qualities I am going to continue in my search.  BT 
 Guys, has there been any arrangements made for a send off for Phil....  We need to get him a card and a wedding gift ( I assume you would agree).  I would also be more than happy to take the group out for lunch 11:30 - 1:00  if people are interested.  Pls advise.  BT 
 www.marasoft.com/odds.htm 
 Looks like I lost another game... In total I lost $85.00 on sunday. Isn't this fun !!!  PS... nice race car in the lobby.... can we take it for a spin? 
 Pls print out copies for my files.  Thanks, 
 Mark, I was looking at that pricing sheet and would like to suggest that the shading in the commentary boxes... under the assumption that this becomes a printed document and that it is printed in black & white, it is very difficult to read. Perhaps a more solid background would work better.  BT 
 Steph, further to our discussion, Pls review.  I took a quick look at the locations and most appear to be East based.  You might want to use an analyst to figure this out. Also, they have valued the inventories off of the Nymex only ( or so it appears) and I would have to believe that the value of these molecules is materially different than this.  Pls review and let's discuss asap.  BT 
 I talked to Robert Ayers, he is going to accept a job with another co.  BT 
 I  am available.. pls put on my calender to block off.  bt 
 Barry, trust all is well.  I just wanted to update you on a couple of things and re-check SMUD's interest.  1. The on again off again PGT assignment of 10,000 MMBTU per day out of Nov. 2002. appears to have surfaced from our counter party again and under the assumption you are still interested I will forward to you latest offer once we have FIRMED it up with the third party.  2. It is my understanding that you own El Paso - PG&E Topock capacity until May 31, 2003.  ENA has some of the same capacity and is prepared to offer this into the market place from the period June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2006. ( with the renewal rights), PLUS some sort of " Payment " from ENA to SMUD.  Rather than renew your existing capacity at full tolls, this is a way to pick up transport below the normal tariff and retain renewal rights after 2006.  Pls advise if either of these points capture your interest.  Thanks in advance,  Barry Tycholiz 
 Peter, Eric.... I talked to Bradford this a.m. regarding another matter and managed to discuss with him general credit terms for PG&E. He said he would review Post Petition credit status and also needs to discuss these credit lines as potentially part of our ongoing issues related to PG&E. He was going to discuss internally and advise.  I am not sure he will have any comments back by this weds, so this may conflict with the timelines Eric and I discussed this a.m.  BT 
 Pablo,  I did infact lose my "d" drive on my Dell computer so it does not recognize the set up.  Should i go re-install my hard drives.. and if so, how do i do that.  BT 
 Yes, 
 Good news on the CMS Deal... How much will this be?   BT 
 Mara, pls ensure that everyone takes the time TODAY to fill this out with all the customers that we can market this to, including names and action plan.  I will need to review with Phillip and John later today. BT 
 Mike, for your info... we just received this message from IGS re: DWR purchases.  As previously discussed seeing the DWR rfp will require some credit and contract enhancements and that process is underway but it is moving slower and with less push than I would like... For sure, there are alot of hurdles...  It is our opinion that any transactions that are being done by the DWR with third parties are relatively short dated..  1 month, 2 month etc.. but we will keep you posted as we move forward.  BT 
 FYI, Miquel has decided to not pursue anything with in my group.. He did say that he was still considering yours.. Good luck... I did tell him that we were hopefull that he would stay within ENA wholesale...  BT 
 Amy, pls send the daily pricing sheet to the west gas trading - traders every morning. I think jessica can get you their names and e-mail addresses.  BT 
 Benny, I don't know if you knew Brad or not... but he used to work at Coral in Calgary. I think he traded Merc. Anyways, he has contacted me a couple of times to play hockey and really wants some players.. I told him I would forward this note.  I am going to try to get out one of these days.  TIC 
 thx 
 Ty- can you send to me a copy of the latest producer package that we had sent out. Pls send first thing.  Also, in the swap-spread models... please expand the model to incude curves like, ventura, chicago, ngpl mid con.   Thanks. BT 
 Mark, I saw the funds come in last night... $ 1,045,000.  Good job... let's keep it going.  BT 
 Louise, further to our meeting last week, the contracts have been executed and the Rockies transportation has been sold to CMS. Origination and trading participated in the P&L.  Orig = $ 1,045,000.  Trading approx $310,000.  We are a little closer to our Q3 targets of $ 2MM in sept.  Please call if there are any questions.  BT 
 just drop by today.. BT 
 Good morning... There is NO issue on your e-mail that is going to get in the way of Family issues... so don't worry about that. Don't knee cap the band because you guys owe me $ 4,000.00.  I was just checking on what your decision was... keep me posted.  BT 
 Sonya, further to our conversation the other day... I am still not able to read the first couple of letters on the left hand side of the page under Headlines... Have you had a chance to look at this.  BT 
 Never did... but glad we were here to ensure it was captured.  BT 
 Can i have copies of this. 
 I would probably drop the range volume and go with a specific amount... 10,000 - 25,000 instead of up to 200,000 as I am sure there is no way they will get that high.  BT 
 sure 
 Eric, I have at least 2 tickets and possibly 4 tickets for tonights game.... I believe it starts at 7:00 PM.  I did ask eric boyt... have not heard back. Can you see if you or any of your people would like to use them.  Let me know.. I want to make sure they get used.  BT 
 we are working on it... but I have been distracted and slowing the process down.  BT 
 Good morning... Tim Belden ( Trading) and Chris Calger ( Origination) are in charge of all power issues in the West U.S.  I would also think Paul Kaufman may already have a hand in these issues ( if PUC related ).  BT 
 Sorry I couldn't pick you up on the call... I would love to play.  BT 
 Brad, further to our conversation of yesterday morning, please find attached Enron's payout table and alternative payout table regarding the permanent assignment of PGT capacity.  The onus will be on Enron to deliver long dated capacity to Calpine and we will begin working on this immediately.  Below is a summary of some of the key next steps. Please review and we can discuss on Monday the numbers and final steps as required.  ENA and Calpine will formalise  % discount, volume grid, lump sum $ amount or annuity amount. As discussed our cost of funds implied will be LIBOR + 200 basis points. ( to be confirmed ). ENA will raise a precedent agreement with option language in favor of Calpine which allows you to request that the period 2 volume  be no less than the period 1 volume and up to the total delivered volume of 67,500 based on the agreed to % discount as referenced in point #1. ENA will forward the draft precedent agreement which will include the necessary conditions precedent required and with the general commercial terms as agreed per items above (ETA - Tues/Wed). ENA will provide a bid to Calpine on Monday afternoon with a number on the Spark Spread proposal. Contact name @ Trans Canada and ANG is Kay Coad Ph: 403-267-2480.  I trust the information as provided above is consistent with our previous discussions.  Please contact me once you have had a chance to review.  Regards,  BT 
 Did you hear anything from the Appraisal Co?  Insurance:  The contact for my insurance is Stacey Spears @ Farmers Ins. 713-592-8800.  If you can hold off contacting him until tommorrow I will then decide if i am using them for sure.  Thanks. BT 
 thank you.  BT 
 Stephanie, I  believe that I will have a spot on 32 for right now so assume I am ok.  Where are you moving to on the 8th.  BT 
 I have the putter at home.. I will throw in my trunk tommorrow... and we can meet at lunch if you would like. I will not leave town without getting this to you somehow.  TIC 
 Mark, Stephanie further to our conversations please find a summary list which I will need some help on.  As part of our business plan for 2001 Phillip and myself will make a presentation to Delainey et al regarding the West Initiatives.  This is going to happen by Dec. 8.  As you guys know our group in total is going to be made up of a few key areas.  Producer Services Transportation Origination/ Middle Marketing Trading   Can you put together in draft form a business plan for next year that outlines some key items. Once we have a first pass at this, we can incorporate into the overall package and decide how this fits in with our new group.  The key subject items should include:  SM/MW/BT 1> Market Overview - supply demand fundamentals in your area. SM/MW/BT 2> Strategies and opportunities for 2001 ( What new initiatives will we implement ?) SM/MW/BT 3> New products and structures for your area SM/MW/BT 4> Issues in 2000 ( what didn't work ?) BT  5> Organization Issues / people /transition etc.   If you could start thinking about these in greater detail, we can then go through and incorporate into the west orig. objectives.  Call me to discuss, but we should start to discuss detail early next week.  BT  Thanks,  BT 
 You are correct that the PRC is in Houston.... Is there a flight later than that.? 
 Sorry I could not pick you up.... Any format that works for you... This will end up in a power point slide presentation so I have been told.  thanks, BT 
 I am almost out of days, but on Dec. 8 ( friday) they are throwing a small party ??? for me at the Garage from 3-6 pm that I would love for you guys to come to...I hope that would work for you.  TIC 
 We will have to use that one as a back up plan.... 
 For your information. please find attached the spreadsheet that I sent to Calpine for their consideration.  Action:  Peter is going to review the assignment doc's and with Steve raise the proper legal document that protects ECC/ENA's interests.  At this time, Peter and I are of the opinion that a new agreement may be all we need but we will discuss on Monday.  Julie/ Stephanie/Eric....we need to discuss the numbers again. The real producer unwind costs may be really ugly, which basically means that our numbers may be too low to Calpine.. even with the counter offer, the front end economics are pulling a lot of value out of the deal.   Assuming numbers can be agreed too by everyone, we are positioning ourselves for a package out to the producers for early next week.  Stephanie.. one of our customers has asked for California fundamentals... overview... do we have anything available.  Talk to everyone on Monday.  BT 
 Fran... I have received the L1 visa package and will use documents to Enter the US on Friday morning.  I have also received the bridge loan documents and have signed these forms and sent them back to as of right now via inter office mail..... you should have by tommorrow ( Weds).  Can you please sign as required.  I think that is about it other than I need to make arrangements for a cheque to be in my hands for friday morning.  At this time, I still do not know where to have this sent.  Thanks. BT 
 Fran and Tricia... this note is to confirm that I will be an employee of ENA effective Dec. 1/ 00.  Fran, are you looking after payroll issues or is it going to be Jeannie Sloan  Thanks. BT 
 Are we in on this conference call and do you know how long it is going for. 
 Can you play hockey tommorrow night at 5 ish... we have the saddledome. 
 Kay and Lisa are supposed to buy me a drink after work today... is there a chance you guys can come out for one or two.  BT 
 I am going to skate around like Perry Turnbull...... I should be good for a hat trick....  I will put your putter in the trunk.... BT 
 David Redmond is on this list... he should not be.  BT 
 Brock... what's going on ?  We need to hear back from you regarding work.  I left you a message and Dawn has left you two !!!  Send me an e-mail as soon as you get this verifying your status.. I need to hear from you by monday.  Please reply to my home email address at Tic@home.com.  Thanks agains.  BT 
 I hope this is the first e-mail you open on Monday when you get it. !!!  1. The closing date on my house is Nov. 30  ----- Are we ready for it? 2. I need a power of attorney as I will not be in Houston to transition.  I will be in on the 2nd of Dec. 3.  I do not have a US bank accounts as of yet and am trying to get these set up now.. but I need to know how to get the money to you. 4.  Do you have all the final economics on costs, mortage amount, Taxes, Int. Rate, Monthly payments. 5. You sent me a package which lists all of the closing costs.. Am I too assume you are paying those directly and getting reimbursed by ENA or do I need to pay them myself? 6. Have you secured mortage financing for me ?  MONDAY morning is very important for you and I go hammer out final details. 
 No problem... !!!! Perhaps another time. 
 Fran... I did not receive the visa package last week.. Hoping it comes in today's mail as I plan on entering US on Sat. Dec. 2.  BT 
 My Address is as follows:  Barry Tycholiz C/O  Enron Canada Corp. Suite 3500 - 400 3rd Ave. S.W. Calgary, Alberta T2P 4H2 403-974-6763  BT 
 Fran.... Kerri Rigsby from Associates will be contacting you regarding the Bridge Loan.  She needs a letter on file verifying that I will have these funds.  We still need to decide where we are going to put this money. For right now, we should plan on me signing the promisary note by fax, and then have a cheque sent up to me in Canada so that I can consolidate with the rest of the funds required for closing.  Thanks. BT 
 Did I send this to you already ? 
