cated in Gas Structuring\LNG\Australia 
 I bought it at 41 and 42 ovver the last week and it's looking good.  I bought them based on industry, strategy, and PEG.  Check it out. 
 FYI - I created a folder for all Stagecoach files in ...GasStructuring\Stagecoach. 
 Kristin,  I plan to attend as a greeter if needed.  Is there a reception on the Wednesday night prior to first-round interviews?   Thanks,  Charlie 
 You may consider linking to this regular column from your gopusa site. 
 I'm always ready to crap but if you want assistance pre-crap, then let me know.. 
 One less competitor............ 
 I'll let you know where you can go.  Probably pretty much anywhere in Buddy's or I might can arrange for you to sit in another area.  It won't be a problem but we will need to communicate.  Right now my friend Weldon is hunting in my blinds as he has not gotten a deer in 6 years and has paid my Dad ~$5000 over the period.  Paul is still hunting in there too and that's where Travis killed his deer.    Check out the following link on the weather: http://www.weather.com/weather/cities/us_tx_dallas.html   Take the last three days with a grain of salt because those forecasts are automated and tend to spit out some garbage.  However, a true blue norther should be coming and don't be surprised if Dallas sees the teens next week with highs below freezing. 
 My cousin told me about chewing your ass out.  He was pretty embarassed as he is really a nice guy. 
 Here's the link to the gas fundamentals site:   http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 John,  Attached is the estimated notional bid for the 10-year term gas (9/2001-8/2011) delivered per your proposed project with National Fuel.  The bid as of Tuesday's closing prices comes to $4.63/MMBTU with the following assumptions:  1)  Per Goeff Storey, the basis spread is zero from the mid using the CGPR-Niagara curve.  2)  National Fuel will deliver the gas on the NFG system at Niagara.  The desired point per Storey would be on TCPL/Niagara system on the Canadian side of the border and hence a 5 cent discount has been applied for transport. It is possible that it could be negotiated with NFG to deliver the gas on the TCPL/Niagara system.  3) Nymex bid is six cents off the mid for a ten year quote of this (small) size.  Let me know if you have any further questions.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 John,  Based on yesterday's (5/9/01) curves, and applying spreads from our previous quotes, the new updated notionl bid is $4.51/MMBTU.  Let me know if you need any more assistnace.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Doug,  This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged to Co# 0413, RC # 106230.  According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt).  Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue.   Charlie 
 We'll probably come down on the 21st.  If you are still there then maybe we can hook up and go out there together and laugh away the deer.  How does a January/February trip up to Grapevine sound?  Oh yeah, Melissa's pregnant.  Due first week in August.  It's early so we are being cautious but I figured you would want to know. 
 Congratualtions, Will!  May God bless you and your family.  She's a beautiful baby.  How is recruiting going?   Any idea where you think you will end up.  I'm sorry it did not work out at Enron.  I know that you will do well wherever you go.   Charlie 
 Up 8.5%!!!!, for now 
 Vince,  Mr. Horn's request has been taken care of.  He has the data he wanted and knows how to call it up on his Bloomberg terminal in the future.  Charlie 
 Indeed.  If the weather models that run tonight confirm still are as intensely cold as today's and the present hint at another Arctic blast to directly at the East Coast next weekend continues then we could approach $10.  Pretty risky business here being short or long, eh?  A frozen precip event in the Deep South and Houston is not unlikely next week. 
 I saw it.   After our conversation, I did add some Citi and Wachovia and have since lost but I still think it's a good move.  Hopefully there will not be any more financial pre-announcements so the focus will quickly shift towards the future lower interest rate environment instead of the mediocre past.  I am now completely out Intel and did trim some other.  I'm pretty balanced now between financials, tech, drugs, energy, and consumer (WMT).  ENE closing at $72+!!!!! 
 You ARE a professional 
 Any day next week except Monday or Thursday is good for me. 
 Not sure how I got your e-mail at v.charlie.weldon@enron.com but my username is v.charles.weldon@enron.com 
 I would recommend selling Intel today. It is up with the market this morning even after a bad announcement.  The fundamentals for anything PC related going forward are the worse they have been in 5 years or more. 
 http://www.infoxpress.com/reviewtracker/reprints.asp?page_id=814 
 I want the same as I currently have.  All I need is a page refill for 2001.  Thanks,  Charlie 
 The best summary of what is going on here that I have read recently:  http://www.infoxpress.com/reviewtracker/reprints.asp?page_id=814 
 Jim,  Are you going to invite the others?  Charlie 
 I saw that too.  I agree on Ferguson but I think Toombs will have to show that he can play with all his heart  (and ass) every week.  He could be a Bettis type back if he stays committed. 
 In case you haev not heard, we are likely to have an ice storm here tomorow. 
 I would call this the Arctic Express.  I think Fergie will stay unless his grades knock him out.  In that case, I would say he is a third rounder or so, which ain't bad for 10 games in Div 1-a! 
 ENE - 77! 
 I agree.  Even the best of accounting maneuvers will not be able to hide the fact that (if) EBS is not fundamentally successful.  So the question is, is there a way to go long ENE and short EBS?  Probably not, but if there were a surrogate for EBS, the trade might work in most scenarios.  How about shorting a long-term broadband contract? 
 That's the irony 
 Shirley,  I am scheduled to take vacation on December 22, 27, 28, and 29.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Not sure? 
 I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment from Enron has been extended until January 2, 2001.    More information will follow between now and then.   If you have any questions regarding this extension, please call me at 1-800-97ENRON (extension 57229) or Kristin Gandy at extension 53214.   Thank You,  Charlie Weldon 
 Per Shelly Jones, I sent this note to all UT MBA's that received offers for Associate positions. 
 Dr. Wilkens,  Thank you for your time and advice.  I would appreciate if you would be able to provide me with contact information for Dr. Jim Jones at the University of Florida as well as Dr. Joe Ritchie, per your offer to do so.   Thanks again,  Charlie Weldon 
 Bill,  I enjoyed talking with you about our potential software needs.  It sounds like you may have something to offer in which we are interested, and we are looking forward to a visit from you or one of your representatives in early January.   If you want to contact me, I can be reached at 713-345-7229 or by reply to this E-mail.   Thank You,  Charlie Weldon 
 Ouch! 
 Thank You! 
 Tomorrow's another day.  Looks like I bought ARBA at the top. 
 Todd,  Thanks for the info.  I may need some help decoding the info so we can get exact durations for warnings.  However, I think we should wait until we get a genuine expression of interest from a counterparty before we spend any more time on this.   It's definitely good that we have this data though should we need it.   Pre-1963 is probably not necessary at this time.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Dave,  Just wondering if you have had a chance to consider these new risk management tools we are considering.   Thanks!  Charlie Weldon Enron Corp - Houston 
 Kristin,  The software has arrived.  I have not had a chance to check it out yet but will do so ASAP.  I've been gone for the last 4 working days.  Charlie 
 http://quote.yahoo.com/q?s=ene+aig+c+cmb+gs+txn+wmt+sunw+emc+slr+flex+arba+amg n+sgp+bmy&d=v1 
 http://www.srh.noaa.gov/hgx/index3/climate3/iah3.htm 
 try this link for the "official" view on the economy and future Fed actions from Enron's chief economist:  (It's a bit different than most)  http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/ForeignExchange/FXMain.htm 
 Most useful buttons for you will be "Executive Summary" and "Cold Air Alert"  http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/Weather/WeatherMain.htm 
 I watched the whole game and was extremely impressed with Benson.   He definitely got good blocking but he showed power, speed, balance, vision.  I believe only an injury will prevent him from having massive success.  His interview after the game showed me that he's pretty mature also.  I'll take over 800 yds next year if you take under. 
 He sounded reasonably intelligent but nothing to get too excited about.  I'll be shocked if he gets redshirted regardless of how good Hayter is.  BEnson is the 4th all-time rusher in texas history having just passed the great Robert Strait from Cuero (85-88) and almost passing Rodney Thomas.  Those guys don't get redshirted.  I'm befuddled about the O-line numbers.  Ya'll got this kid Winston this weekend over us even though we have only one OL commit and need 4 or so. Slocum  has got to close the deal on a few more of these top recruits or we are doomed.  2 of the top 3 linemen are still available and we've got a reasonable shot at them but Hightower (#1) still says he's going to visit and consider Texas.  Amazing... 
 Any comments?..... 
 I've got SLR and FLEX in this group and maybe that's a good thing....we'll see  http://www.zdii.com/industry_list.asp?mode=news&doc_id=ZE506926 
 Jonathan,  Hope you had a good Thanksgiving weekend.  I'd like to catch up with you today if possible regarding recruiting etc.  Can I reach you by phone.  If so, where? You can call me toll free at 1-800-97-ENRON and follow the menu.   My extension is X57229 or you can use the voice activated system.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Gary,  Just a reminder concerning follow-up with The Weather Channel and Energizer Holdings regarding potential hurricane derivatives.  Additionally, I found the following link which describes Ray-O-Vac's recent earnings warning.  Among other things, they mention that they had tough comparisons due to an active storm season the year before.  I believe they are referencing hurricanes and represent another potential opportunity in my opinion.  http://dailynews.yahoo.com/h/nm/20001219/bs/rayovac_outlook_dc_1.html   One more thing, as I mentioned in our conversation, I believe that The Weather Channel is an ideal candidate for approaching concerning hedging against a lack of extreme weather of all kinds.  I know that they are financially "not doing so well" at present due in some part to a lack of hurricane activity and are now enjoying great ratings due to the extreme cold.  They may be a hard sell but they are as purely exposed as anyone and should be worth the effort, especially after the recent story they did on us.  Please let me know how I may be of assistance.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 This is an excerpt from an internal Weather Channel (Landmark Communications) newsletter.....   BLIZZARDS PRODUCE HIGH RATINGS FOR WEATHER CHANNEL, RECORD PAGE VIEWS More people turned to The Weather Channel instead of their local TV affiliates to get news about this week's blizzards in Chicago and Detroit, and nearly 25 million viewers - a record - went to  weather.com to follow the storms. In a survey by Survey USA, 25 percent of TV viewers said they found out about the blizzard from The Weather Channel, compared with 17 percent who watched their local NBC affiliate station, and 12 percent who tuned into a local radio station for news. TWC also was the winner - at 30 percent - with those who said the weather network did the best job of covering the storm. Another 16 percent said their NBC affiliate did the best job, and 13 percent said Chicago and Detroit CBS affiliates were tops. A record number of pageviews - 24.6 million - were recorded at weather.com. TWC produced a 6 a.m. to 12 p.m. rating of 0.751 on Monday, delivering an average of 586,000 households. This performance is well over twice the average December monthly rating to date. Kansas City and St. Louis recorded the highest metered market ratings during the blizzard, followed by Detroit. The Chicago rating also was within the top 10. 
 Keep trying.  We are definitely interested.  How much does a pair of tickets to an inaugural ball run? 
 In the case of the Texas Society Ball, it would be cheaper to join for $20 and buy the tickets for $125.   This does sound like a good one to go to based on the Website but sounds like we are out of luck there.  I imagine (hope) that the other balls are comparable.  I found several airline quotes for ~$250 as you indicated. 
 If we can't get Wilkerson, Hightower (both Top 5 nationally) and a decommit or two from Texas or somebody based on this news then our coaches are indeed pathetic salesmen. These guys can come in and start as redshirt frosh if not play as true freshmen, even though RC likes to redshirt all OL'men.  http://www.dallasnews.com/sports_day/colleges/football/243173_21amlede.html 
 We've got a 2-deep OL lineup for next year but I question the quality as only a few were legit blue-chips and I like the odds of getting bluechips versus sleepers.  I think we'll get one of the 2 studs and maybe both.  The main concern is that our primary weakness in the past few years has been a lack of dominate line play.  We've got the skill guys, DB's and LB's. 
 Slightly different subject,  check this link out.  Kiper seems to indicate that you must be a 3rd year soph or a junior to enter the draft.  Is this true? Does it mean rising junior or completed junior?  Implications for Roy W. and UT?  http://espn.go.com/melkiper/s/2000/1218/960110.html 
 I'm taking 4 hours vacation today and have updated my previous timesheet to reflect this.  Please see attached. 
 Name          : V. Charles Weldon (Charlie) E-mail         : v.charles.weldon@enron.com Title          : Associate Phone          : 57229 (current) Location       : 31st Floor Department     : Natural Gas Structuring Company Name   : EWS-Enron North America Company Number : 0413 Cost Center    : Rotation Start : 01/29/01 Rotation End   : 08/03/01 Reviewing Supervisor: Ed McMichael 
 Ed,  Here's the link to the gas fundamentals website that I mentioned.  It has a wealth of information on it, some of which the group can hopefully utilize.  http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp   (Use the dropdown box on the homepage to begin navigating to different areas)   Charlie 
 Had a great time this weekend.  I'm sure glad that Travis got another good buck under his belt.  I think he is now ready to move it up a notch on the next deer and if everything stays good at the ranch then it should be pretty possible next year.  I was also wondering if you and Mama talked about paying Melissa for her painting.  Mama mentioned to Melissa that she "owed" her but nothing more than that.  She worked for no less than 20 hours and was disappointed that she would not be able to do the rest of the house as we really need the money.  Our negative checking balance needs some injection of cash and Melissa had hoped to use the money to buy a few things for Christmas this week as well.   If you haven't already, I'm sure that you can broach the subject with Mama without letting her know that I asked.  Anyway,  Melissa really wanted to be able to paint more and is upset that she wasn't able to "prove" to Mama that she is willing and able to work hard. She still gets those not so subtle jabs all the time from Mama about not working outside the home.  For the record, she busts her ass keeping our house clean, clothes washed and ironed, meals cooked, and doing lots of things to make sure we have a happy, healthy, and well adjusted son.   If there is a way (later) that you can subtly encourage Mama to hold back on these jabs when we next visit, it will go a long way toward ensuring a good Christmas for everyone.  Anyway, definitely keep all of this confidential between me and you.  There is no major problem here but I wanted to check off with you on this so we can help keep everything going smooth and folks getting along.   I'm sure you see my point of view here.   Thanks!  Charlie 
 Judy,  Thanks for the info.  I hope you had a good holiday season.  I regret to=20 inform you that I will be unable to continue in my participation in JA.  I= =20 have transitioned to a new role at Enron that will not accomodate the=20 schedule neccesary to effectively serve as a JA volunteer.    I  take my=20 commitments very seriously so my inability to fulfill this obligation is no= t=20 something I am totally comfortable with.  However, upon reviewing the=20 situation I realize that this decision is necessary.  Thank you for your help and energy and I wish you all the luck with the kid= s=20 and the program.  What you do is truly making a positive difference in many= =20 of these kids' futures.   Charlie Weldon 
 Oh yeah.  Did you go to lunch with Juan Verde? 
 test 
 t 
 Not gonna happen.  Offer up 5 total all in sign on, plus they guaranteed the same y-e that we have. where before it was not detailed. 
 No, did you?  Hard to believe that its' still falling after today's news:  HOUSTON, Jan. 4 /PRNewswire/ -- Dynegy Inc. (NYSE: DYN - news) today announced that the company will significantly exceed previously forecasted fourth quarter recurring earnings of $0.22 to $0.25 per share. In addition, the company also reaffirmed that it is comfortable with the upper range of current estimates for 2001, which will represent an increase over 2000 of about 30 percent. 
 I will not be able to attend.  Thanks, Charlie 
 FYI - Attached is a quote from a recent TWC memo that should be of interest given our recent conversations....   Charlie   "December's winter weather events, coupled with early wintry weather in October and November, boosted the network to an all-time high 4th quarter rating, despite comparatively lower averages early in the quarter due to quieter than usual hurricane activity." 
 did you do it? 
 I will be there.   Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Remi,  Thank you very much for your obvious interest and commitment to doing a high quality job in your PRC representative role.  Per your request, I am attaching my resume and a brief outline of my contributions during the last few months.  I am currently in my first rotation as an Associate which I  began this past summer following graduation from UT with an MBA in Energy Finance.   I am assigned to Vince Kaminski's Research Group on the Market Fundamentals Team. This team is commonly referred to as the "Weather Group" and is headed by my supervisor, Mike Roberts.  We are located on the gas trading floor (32nd) and provide direct support to all the gas desks as well as weather derivatives trading.  Thanks again for your interest and I am looking forward to meeting you. Please let me know if you need any additional information.   Sincerely,  Charlie Weldon 
 Why don't you buy deep in the money put options?  They will have a high delta and hence move almost dollar for dollar with the stock. 
 Check out NOK Feb 55 puts, NZYMK.X  They are up 4-5/8 while NOK is down 4-5/8.  2932 contracts out wth 24 traded today so liquidity shouild be OK.  Buy 400 ERICY for ~$4000 and one NOK put contract of NZYMK.x.  That should give you a delta on NOK equiv to shorting $4000 of the stock.  Did I figure this right? 
 sounds somewhat believable.  I can imagine the frenzy on the discussion boards if that got out.  I won't be the one to put it out there.  i think one more year and then its done.  Would the motivation for the Aggie AD to work really be only money? 
 Yep.  We won't  miss him as much as we will Fergie if he goes though.  I think if he's fully committed to being as good a pro as possible he could be really good.  We'll see. 
 WE'll likely move Joe Weber to FB.  He's ~225 lbs and pretty fast for a FB so he'll do.  Whitaker will still be TB but we've got a redshirt frosh named Keith Joseph who has the dimensions of Eddie George and played really well on the scout team.  I'll bet he sees a lot of PT at TB if he's really that good.  He was one of the very few guys that RC got over MacIII in the last few years of recruiting. 
 ENE up 1-3/4!  Option bid only up 3 teenies from where I bought it though. the spread on options is about a 1/4 which makes it tough. 
 Rebecca,  I was looking in EHROnline at my available vacation to verify that it all got accounted for correctly in 2000.  It appears that it did except for the fact that when I attempted to view my available vacation for 2001, it only indicates that I have 120 hours available.  I should have an additional 16 hours left due to the 10 hours that accrued on 12/31/00 and the 6 I had left over.  Can you please let me know how to reconcile this in the system?  Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Shares of Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - Quotes, News, Boards) were smacked around again yesterday, following close on the heels of seven-session decline that sent the stock down more than 13 points, or 16%, from its recent high of $84.63 (December 28), all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility. The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly, although the rumblings in a certain geographic region, namely California, are triggering aftershocks throughout the U.S. energy community.  As we outlined in a report on January 4, the energy situation in California has rapidly reached crisis proportions. Strict environmental legislation and the uncertain profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years.  The state's two major utilities, PG&E Corp. (NYSE: PCG - Quotes, News, Boards) and Edison International (NYSE: EIX - Quotes, News, Boards) , are facing the prospect of eventual insolvency due to the spiraling costs of electricity purchased on the open market. However, the rates the utilities can charge their customers for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation.  The risks to Enron are two-fold.  For one, the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the state's major wholesale energy providers, including Enron. Although the company does operate in California, the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a considerable degree because of Enron's size, strength, and diversified global revenue streams. In addition, Enron would likely be high on the list of default payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the region.  More significantly, investors are concerned that California legislators may pull the plug on deregulation entirely, or at least until the current crisis abates. Some also fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended economic consequences.  Neither scenario is probable. For one thing, the airline industry was deregulated in fits and starts, with plenty of mistakes and recrimination along the way. And a strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment.  The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best course of action this week. It appears inevitable that, regardless of PG&E and Edison's ultimate fate, the state's energy consumers will likely absorb much of the burden through an increase in the prevailing rate cap.  Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last week. The initial euphoria has waned, however, upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic economic growth, rather than generating a rebound in economic activity. As a result, we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized defensive plays like Enron.  We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been overlooked amid the California crisis. The November-December period was 18% colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in the past 50 years. Coupled with an uncertain supply situation, particularly in natural gas, Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing, an environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months.  In addition, Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the future. The markets for EnronOnline, a real-time commodities exchange vehicle, and Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next year. An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send profits measurably higher in the long term.  Despite the recent turmoil, Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001, according to First Call, has come down a mere penny, to $1.65 a share. Although the stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term volatility, the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the market approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going forward 
 I will be unable to attend.  Thank You,  Charlie Weldon 
 I don't disagree with your view, but I wouldn't count broadband out yet.  It may be going slower than we like but it might come around eventually.  If it doesn't then there certainly will be hell to pay in the stock rice.  By the way,  I doubled up on JPM today.  It's showed me a profit you know..... 
 713-345-7229 
 Try author Harry S. Dent  on Amazno.  Book is   "The Roaring 2000's Investor"  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/068486231X/qid=979243357/sr=2-1/ref=sc_ b_1/107-9841521-9750112 
 I'm here now if you want to give me a call.  713-345-7229. 
 Count me in please. 
 up to 69.75 from a low of 66.06!  Big buyers?  Avg daily volume = 3.09M shares, today - 3.06M so far 
 From the Street.com....  Over the past 90 days, fund companies have either launched or filed paperwork with regulators for the first four mutual funds focusing on the new-power/alternative energy industries. Unlike broader energy funds, this pack will focus to varying degrees on a thinner band of the energy/utilities sector, namely companies that either sell power at steep prices to utilities unable to keep up with their customer's demand and those developing new ways to keep the lights on or maybe even run your car.  Click below for the full story:  http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/funds/fundjunkie/1259499.html 
 Theta is hurting me but gamma will hopefully come to my rescue.  Waht do you think about these funds buying ENE and its effect on price?  ENE at 70-9/16!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 A good time, indeed!  Looking forward to another group trip sometime in the near future.  I do not have the resources (time or money) to become heavily involved but I would be interested in possibly helping out on Congressional elections for 2002 as well as any other opportunities that may arise in town to "hob-knob" or otherwise contribute.  I'll consider what the most efficient way is for you to further your knowledge of business, etc.  We should be getting the pictures developed in the next day or two.  I'm looking forward to the digital ones you've got so I can forward them around. I added my sisters to the GOPUSA distribution list and may add some others later tonight.  When is the website going to have our pictures?   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Saw 
