Taylor - E.A. to Greg Whalley 
 What is the structured derivatives portfolio and what is in it? 
 Hi Matthew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  Please advise.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Drew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Fernley,  Per my voicemail, are you available to meet w/Greg Whalley on Thursday, June 5 for about an hour?  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.  greg 
 don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.  i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing power plants anywhere.  Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our fundamental analysis of the region. Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week. 
 by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming!!!! 
 where are you right now?  i am in london.  are you around? 
 you should look into this.  not that there are necessarily violations, but there have to at least be questions.  i used to get a curve report that showed curve graphs on a volume bar chart.  have you looked at anything like that lately?  you can find problems with a pretty quick scan. 
 this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way to satisfying all constituents. 
 i have a question on my p&l.  how did the hedge book make money on change in price when it was long and the market went down? 
 I am sorry that I have not talked to Andrew, though I have called twice.  As I'm sure you know, lately I have been a little distracted.  I'll try to contact him next week.  Greg 
 sorry about that,  i forgot that the options are held in that book.  i dont have any questions. 
 Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are available for the games listed below.  Please advise me, asap,  if you have an interest.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935  COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m. CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m. 
  Subject: Whalley's Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 12  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2   Please notify me only if you are unable to attend.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 he's a trip 
 great job!! 
 Subject: Enron Wholesale Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 19  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2 
 would you have any interest? 
 how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today. 
 Sorry I took so long to respond, but if they are still interested, I would like to learn more about it. 
 I'll try to give you a call tomorrow 
 heard a rumor that EIX may file for bankruptcy on wednesday. 
 They do look tight.  But after a $2 drop, you'd have to expect it to pinch. Seems like, unless things really fall out of bed, this spread should widen from here.  Even if the front stays relatively unchanged. 
 Sounds like a good idea to me 
 I'm not still short QQQ.  I covered at 68 1/2 in the after market while we were on the phone, after the Florida supreme court statement.  The world has gone truly crazy about CA energy prices.  Not expecting any job changes due to the Skilling/Lay thing.  But a lot of people are giving me shit anyway.  The recent reorganization that gave me my current job was done so that Skilling wouldn't have to put anyone in the COO position. 
