enever possible.  4.  We should continue to participate in the CAISO congestion market.  The CAISO frequently has unexpected hourly path loadings, and congestion has occurred in the hour ahead market that was not present in the day ahead market.  5.  Remember to include CAISO export fees, Tie Meter Multipliers/import fees and grid management fees in your CAISO calculations of wheeling charges.    We will have a real-time meeting on Monday July 9th at 4:30 PM in Mt. Hood.  We will discuss other changes in the market at that time.  Please make plans to attend. Thank you, Bill 
 David, Try to make sure you get these to me rather than to my Dad.  I think he is starting to get annoyed.  Thanks, Bill 
 Nikki,  Good afternoon, How are you?  Hope everything worked out in LA.  I don't know if you are still coming up to Portland but I was emailed a picture at work today from opening day at PGE Park (the minor league baseball stadium up here) and figured I'd pass it on.  The picture was taken in the Enron suite at the park, I am the one directly in front of the TV.  The rest of the folks are from the Origination (not Trading) side of Enron, except my boss, who is on the far left of the picture as you look at it.  Portland has been nice the last couple days, though its been raining like crazy.  I went up on my roof last night, the sun was setting and there was a lull between the storm systems moving through.  Beautiful night.  The sun had already gone down below the west hills, but was still reflecting off some of the taller buildings to the east of my place.  There was this slice of deep blue sky extending from the west over my head, and all around were low menacing storm clouds.  A stiff breeze was blowing south to north and smelled of fresh rain.  Amazing.  It should be a nice weekend up here.  In fact, I am taking tomorrow off and getting in a bit of golf.  I am playing an hour north of Portland on a links style course.  If its a clear morning, I should be able to see Mt. Rainier, Mt. St. Helens, and Mt. Adams.  It is an interesting course to play.  Now if I can just get the ball to go in the hole I'll be happy.  Hope the pic makes it to you through our firewall.  B 
 I will be out of the office for 06/29/01.  I can be reached on my cell phone at 503-887-3449 if you need anything. Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, We had some double deal-entry last night under the ST-WBOM book.  Consequently I zeroed the following deals out this morning after receiving the DPR and running a BOM SAR.  The deals are as follows: 665907 (buy from imbalance), and 665913 (sell to PowerX).  The extra sale to PowerX provided the excess $10,875 of revenue.  I apologize for our mistake. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Go ahead and order everyone in the group who wants them the new phones.  Those Eriksons are constantly breaking down.  Let's get ahead of this curve. B 
 Very well done Jill. 
 I would be TOTALLY thrilled if you could let the group know...now about those MPC numbers...we need to go through the inc sheets and service sheets from last year...and we have half an hour. B 
  Oi! 
 Kate, Need your help with MPC 
 Al, I can be a reference for both Eric and Steve. 
 Yup. 
 Cheeky? 
 No There. 
 Group, For 06/28 only:  We need to send APS losses, 2 mws for HE 1 at 4C345 from EPE.  Lisa Gang has put this in the sheet and made a preschedule tag.  We need to make a buy from EPE under ST-Whourly in Enpower, and a sale to APS at zero in Enpower.  Please make sure this schedule is in as losses.  You can call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Enjoy. B 
 Nikki,  Hope you're doing well and continuing to enjoy Newport...My friend lives down there in Huntington Beach (watch out for him!), he moved down there about 3 months ago.  I have been planning on visiting him for a while.  I wouldn't mind getting your perspective on the city as well when I come down.  Last time I was in LA, I spent a fair amount of time on the Strip and around Hollywood before heading home.  Another guy I know down there works at the House of Blues and got me tickets to Taj Mahal--Steven Segal came out and played guitar with them at the end (the guy was NOT good)--which was nice.  Also, one of my neighbors from college works on the Maury Povich show (I think).  So, I definitely need to go down there for a visit.  I will be in Sacramento towards the end of July (16th thru 18th) and then am planning to get down to LA right at the start of August for work and perhaps a bit of goofing off.  So whatever, if I make it down there it should be a decent time.  Sorry to hear about the possible cancelation of the trip to Portland, hope you can make it (though the deck seems stacked against you this time around).  I will plan for you to be here (so you wouldn't be stuck in a hotel), but don't worry if you can't get here on the 3rd.  Plenty of time for that, as the sun should be out for a while (til October anyway).  I was knocking around going snowboarding up at Timberline on Saturday (get a few runs in before 10), but I am leaning towards a trip around Mt. St. Helens on my bike instead.  It's supposed to be around 80 and sunny here on Saturday and you can't pass such weekends up.  St. Helens should be gorgeous and since we are in the middle of a drought in the Northwest I want to check out the level of the resevoirs up in the mountains.  We'll see though, either way I will be getting up early to catch the sunrise in the mountains.  So work was solid today, got just about everything accomplished that I wanted to.  No one brought me lunch after working the night shift...but what can you do?  Anyway, hope the funeral goes well (you know...as it can), and keep me posted on when/if you might get up to Portland.  Oh.  And as for a picture, I'll see what I can do.  Brendan's got a couple, but I don't have any that I can pop on the web right now and send down to you.  I admit, I have been called an Ogre before (I am a bit of a taller, bigger fellow on the soccer field--and some forwards have unresolved issues concerning it), but...well...Brendan should be able to fill you in.  Like I said I will see what I can do about a picture. Enjoy your time in LA, And take care.  Bill 
 Group, We are long 25 mws on peak for 06/27/01 in SP-15.  This should be in CAPS under ST-WBOM, deals should be under ST-WBOM in Enpower as well.  Bill 
 Any word?  We need those cards and passwords... 
 Karen, You must change your e-mail list for Bill Williams.  Please send this to bill.williams@enron.com.  Not bill.williams.III@enron.com.  Subtle difference.  But if you consider your information worthy of review - please make the e-mail change.  Regards Bill 
 Chip,  As we figured out a couple of weeks ago, most of our ADS cards have expired.  We were then using Brett Hunsucker's card.  If you remember, we were waiting on the CAISO to send us new cards and new passwords about two weeks ago.  Unfortunately Brett's card appears to have expired this morning as we can no longer log in.  We are consequently unable to communicate with the CAISO over the ADS.  We may now be in violation of our participating generator agreement with the CAISO.  Is there something that I can do to speed this process, perhaps lodge a complaint with the CAISO or our client rep?  Do you have any ETA from the CAISO on our cards and passwords?  All your help is appreciated.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Jason, Good afternoon. I am contacting you regarding activating a pass to the Employee Store. I did product testing for you in late spring (for soccer). I would like to activate the pass for tomorrow, December 14th, if possible. I recognize this is short notice but if this would be possible please give me a call back at 503-887-3449. I would like to have my parents attend as well. Their names are Bill and Joy Williams. I appreciate your help.  Thanks,  Bill Williams 
 Steve,  Good looking notes this weekend.  Both notes were very informative and detailed. I appreciate the good work.  Bill 
 Group,  A reminder.  My email address is bill.williams.iii@enron.com.  Bill Williams III needs to appear in the outlook box, otherwise I do not receive the email.  I should be copied on the EES sheets, and any cut notes to volume managament, the services desk, or other traders.  Thank you for making this correction.  Bill 
 Nikki,  Hello, how are things going?   Hope you've caught up on your sleep from California.  That's what I am going to work on this afternoon so I can enjoy the weekend.  I am so glad the week is over.  I am exhausted.  Nothing like if I had worked 92 hours though.  Sorry to hear you only have the night of the 3rd open.  Hopefully you are getting to spend more time in the city of Portland than just one afternoon.  There's just too much to do here to only spend one afternoon.  As for where to stay, there's a bunch of hotels out at the airport, or you can stay downtown.  I can take you out to the airport in the morning if you need as I will not be working on the 4th of July.  Give me a call if you have a chance and have a good weekend.  Bill 
 Group,  CAPS will be down from HE 20 through HE 1 on Saturday morning.  We will have to use workspace and run Enpower to CAPS after HE 1.  We may want to run Enpower to CAPs early (or at least create finals) so that we do not lose any data if the whole thing gets erased.  Please call with questions. Good luck.  Thanks, Bill 
 John, We have asked every single counterparty in the NW to sell us energy.  We bi= d $300 to PowerX and were told that they were abiding by the cap. We are working hard to get them the energy that they need and will continue= to do so.  Bill 
  Alan,  I just received this from our client rep detailing their position. As expected they are treating the Stage 1 as ending at 11:32 rather than HE 23 as stated on May 31 in both their website and on their message net. I would like to get FERC's position on this if necessary.  If it is $91.87 rather than $108.49 as indicated in the FERC order, we will use that as a cap as soon as FERC (or you) recommends it.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Here it is... 
 Looks good Ray! Nicely summarized.  Bill 
 Mr. Kuehn... I like the BridgePort idea, unsure about the Food idea at ZOOP.  What did you have in mind?  Nate Stanton gave me a call today...we could invite him and folks from work...either way I am cool...also bear in mind that my place has no furniture... JOY! B 
 Alan, Can we meet today and discuss the pros and cons of this order. I will be available as soon as you are ready... Thanks, Bill 
 Heather, I spoke with Chris and he is on board with the annuity of $18750 from ST-CALI to ST-WHOURLY. Thanks for the help with this.  Bill 
 Actually Amy, I will not be able to attend on the 5th. Is there an alternate date? 
 Easy there... Everything will be okay... 
 There will be a Real-Time Group Meeting on July 9th at 4:30.  We will be discussing new Ferc Rules, Dispute Management, Group Changes and Cuts. Please let me know immediately if you will be unable to attend.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Sure.  B 
 Nikki,  Thanks for the note and I hope your doing well.  You're right, sometimes introductions sound more like the presentation of a resume than a letter...but I think you pulled it off.  I was able to close on my condo last weekend.  It was a tremendous pain with a bit of the last minute run-around, but I finally got moved in on Friday night.  I don't know about my neighbors yet as I am the only one moved in on my floor so far.  The seller is still finishing the renovation of the place...they are converting it from an old hotel.  My condo is about 8 blocks from my office downtown, so it was great to roll out of bed this morning and be able to walk to work.  Like you, I am not sure what Brendan might have told you about me...so here goes.  I was born on the east coast (Connecticut), moved around for a while, and eventually was towed out to southwest Washington by my parents.  I went to highschool in Kelso (this is where I met and then graduated with Brendan).  Then went to college at University of Washington in Seattle.  College was good, if a bit long.  I received a degree in Metallurgical engineering and worked as an engineer in Portland for a year doing failure and corrosion analysis (whoa!).  A bit less than 2 years ago I started working with Enron as a trader, trading hourly electricity in the West.  I started out on shift, but now manage the group and get to work a more normal schedule (usually 10-12 hours a day) during the week.  I enjoy the job a ton, the market changes nearly every day and it beats the hell out of staring at a scanning electron microscope for 4 hours at a pop.  With regards to your visit.  I've been in Portland for a few years now, so I should be able to provide a fairly good guide service around the town.  Depending on when you get here and how things go,  we'll have to see if we can get you outside the city to some of the Mountains and the Coast.  Astoria is about 2 hours away and it's a pretty scenic drive out there (especially if you're from New Mexico).  If the weather's nice we might be able to check out some of the resevoirs and rivers around Mt. St. Helens and the gorge...good swimming, hiking etc.  It should be a blast.  Have you gotten any closer to firming up when you will be in town?  I am pretty open at the start of July, and although it always rains on the 4th (EVERY single year), that's still a good time to be coming up.  Besides, if you ever thought about moving here, you have to understand why its so green...  It was good to hear from you, and if you have any questions you can give me a call at 503-887-3449.  Take care.  Bill 
 These schedule changes must be called in.  Just a reminder. Bill 
 Kate, take a quick look at this would you?  Group,  Going forward we will be transacting with Enron Canada Corp on an over-the-= counter basis.  We will provide them with a bid and an offer suitable for b= uying from or selling to them non-firm energy.  Enron Canada will contact u= s each morning to inquire about possiblities for export and import.  We sho= uld be familiar with the Alberta Power Pool forecast and be aware of the co= nversion from CDD to USD.  The lead or NW trader will provide Enron Canada = with their estimate or feel of the market.  Enron Canada will be trying nea= rly every hour to obtain non-firm transmission.  If this is an unwise pract= ive from a risk-reward standpoint based on our understanding of the market,= WE need to tell them, as they are losing $6.40 per mw CDD on unused tranny= with zero chance for return.  Further, Enron Canada wants the opportunity = to transact with other counterparties at the BC Border.  If we cannot use t= heir energy they have asked to be able to contact WWP, IPC or TransAlta aft= er giving us first look to attempt to recoup some of their loss.  I do not = see a need for this and think there is potential for embarrassment and dama= ge to customer relations.  If we are in contact with Enron Canada before ha= nd (start of the day, top of the hour, etc.) we should be able to get them = the best price for their energy.  Be very clear in your dealings with the N= W counterparty that the energy is non-firm.  Determine a book-out price if = necessary to solve problems with physical flow.  We are basically buying a = put or a call.  Finally, I would like to see the communication with Enron C= anada improve.  Personal experience and observation has us not communicatin= g with them as closely as possible and typically only speaking with their r= eal-time group at the bottom.  I feel we can do better.  I want to prevent = a repeat of this weekend (ECC selling/buying from a counterparty in the US = without our knowledge) and do not want the NW being scoured by both Enron C= anada and Enron North America.  This is counterproductive for both of us fo= r obvious reasons.  Providing a bid/offer and being prepared to act on it i= s a change in our relationship with Enron Canada.  This should force a rene= wed emphasis on communication and market fundamentals that should only be b= eneficial.  If you have questions or ideas regarding the relationship with = Enron Canada please let me know.  To be sent to John Zufferli (equivalent of Tim B in Canada) and Portland Shift 
 Please add Ainsley Gaddis and remove Daniel Kang from your list when sending the spreadsheets to EES. Thanks, Bill 
 Alan, I just want to pass on the two names I had mentioned previously to you. Eric Linder and Steve Merriss. Their home numbers are 503-753-8716 and 503-241-3729 respectively. Both had worked for me for about 8-9 months. These are the only numbers I have for them as their cell phones have been canceled.  Bill 
 Cannot wait... 
 Thanks Lisa... 
 Steve, My address is Bill Williams III, Please make the correction. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, Good morning.  Just wanted to confirm my email with you.  It is Bill Williams III, not Bill Williiams. Thanks for the email. Bill 
 Anna, When you have a chance, I would like to pay you for the golf tournament and grab a receipt from you while I am at it.  My impression is that the deadline is approaching and that this is something we need to get done today. Please let me know when you might be available or just grab me when you have a chance.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Just wanted to congratulate you guys on the excellent work on the night of the 13th.  The SAR was within $4 of risk managment's numbers on the Daily Position Report!  The night note looked very good (great job on the services portion) and there were ZERO problems with the shift. The hard work is much appreciated, keep it up.  Bill 
 Group,  We are long 25 mws 7-22 on Monday in SP-15 at $65.  Deals should be under ST-WBOM.  We are also long 25 mws under the ST-CALI book.  Please be sure to put this in the service sheet.  Other ST-CALI length or EES shorts will be on Phil Platters sheet and in CAPS.  Thanks,  Bill 
  Chris,  I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.  From a Real-Time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately.  I believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well.  Kourtney Nelson is out of the office today but will return on Monday.  I feel we should involve her in the process when she returns.  Overall, this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement.  Feel free to see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Chris,  I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.  From a Real-Time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately.  I believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well.  Kourtney Nelson is out of the office today but will return on Monday.  I feel we should involve her in the process when she returns.  Overall, this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement.  Feel free to see me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Rhonda, The CP "New" represents a counterparty as yet to be determined.  I am working with Diana Scholtes on this.  This deal is essentially a placeholder. I will give you the information as I receive it.  Thanks, Bill 
 Sure, The other members in the real-time group are: Ryan Slinger Geir Solberg Holden Salisbury Bert Meyers Craig Dean Casey Anderson Mike Mier Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you for the confirmation. That is very good news. 
 Thanks for the information Heather.  This looks good and useful. Would you have any information on what tools we used to settle?  Or was it all a manual process?  B 
  Brooklyn, Unfortunately the change to $290 was not the final price for deal #620476 on 05/23.  It should be $295 for HE 15-17 and $290 for HE 18-19.  I have checked Enpower and the sheet to make sure that they reflect these changes.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Group,  We have 25 mws of length in the BOM book at $56 again for 06/14/01 on peak.  This energy is in NP-15.  Please make deals under ST-WBOM.  ST-CALI has another 5 mws each hour on peak in NP-15.  See CAPS for other information.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Jill 
 Thanks for the work Bob. I will see you on the 27th at PDX.  Bill 
 Virginia, I have no idea. I would recommend checking with Cara...she's omniscient. Good luck.  B 
 Group,  We are long for the 13th in California, 25 mws under ST-WBOM in NP-15 at $57.  We are also long 22 mws under ST-CALI in NP-15.  ST-CALI is also short in the morning in SP-15.  They are short at around $30.  ST-CALI is providing us with a sheet detailing their positions for RT, we will now be providing them with a sheet each morning detailing their sales from the previous day.  Going forward, please put all the ST-CALI sales or length in the service sheet beneath our activity.  We are also short 10 mws to EWEB for HE 1-12, Willamette has a month long sale at $270 but needs to come down unexpectedly for maintenance.  We will backfill this and split any profit with Services.  Finally...  We must check out with BPA each hour for Frontier and GCPUD.  Please make the call right after you call EPE dispatchers (between 25 after and 35 after).  The new service sheets have a place for initials for the call each hour, please initial after making the call to BPA (ext. 2277).  ALSO...TIMBERS TOMORROW NIGHT! 
 Steve, Just want to make sure you have me as Bill Williams III. Thanks, BIll 
 Wednesday...JUNE 13th...  PORTLAND TIMBERS vs. the VANCOUVER WHITECAPS  Gates Open at  5:35...Kickoff at 7:05  See me for tickets (your ticket counts as a MAX ticket for the day)  Food and Beverages will be provided 
 Jon, Thanks for the schedule.  Unfortunately I won't be at tonights game or the outdoor game tomorrow.  I should be at the games next week though. Bill 
 I'm sorry I missed your call. I know you are busy but please let me know when you have something. Leaf called yesterday looking for clarification and I would like to be able to give him an answer. Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, Just a quick note regarding scheduling on Saturday.  There should be a 25 mw n-firm export for HE 7-10 and HE 13-22.  The schedule ID for HE 7-10 was CISO_EPMI_BUNNY.  The schedule ID for HE13-22 was EPMI_CISO_BUNNY.  For HE 11 and HE12, Danielle at the CISO misentered our schedule.  CAPS shows a final of 25 mws as a firm import.  This should be a n-firm export.  We recieved the energy as a firm export from the CISO.  All schedules should be under ECTSTSW not ECTRT.  If you have questions please let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Let me know if you have any questions. 
 We are long 25 mws in NP-15 at $54 for HE 7-22.  This is under the ST-WBOM line in CAPS.  We are long at $54.00 Call me with any questions... Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Kysa, I appreciate the info. B 
 Jim, Harbor and Martel were declined with the CISO for 06/08/01 HE 1 and HE 2.  The reasons: for Harbor the CISO inc'd them to 10, and ignored their operating limits as entered at 60 and 80.  Martel was inc'd but could not ramp up.  Both bids were properly entered by were ignored by the CISO.  Delano was incd'd and dec'd several times in the morning and was able to respond. Let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Greg,  Sorry for the delay in getting you my accomplishments.  I filled out the self-evaluation portion of the PRC back in May.  I have attached my responses to the self-evaluation form. My accomplishments and more long-winded descriptions of what I do are in the attachment, by comparison my near-term goals for the next 6 months are pretty concise.  1. Continue to maximize the abilities of the group, and try to leave nothing on the table. 2. Minimize our settlements and disputes over Enpower mistakes, or other avoidable actions. 3. Continue to provide those in the group opportunities to improve themselves and get where they want to go in Enron. 4. Stay ahead of California with regards to political, legal and credit risk. 5. Work with middle-marketing and services groups to develop new opportunities. 6. Improve my education through SQL training and more advanced Derivatives training to better allow me to understand the fundamentals of the market and the movements of spreads relative to market fundamentals.  I greatly enjoy my current position and look forward to the next 6 months.  If you have any questions just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Neta, I do not believe I should be on this list.  Please remove me. Thanks, Bill 
 Greg, Below are the following names of some potential reviewers for this period.  I am also meeting with John Thompsen who was my analyst pool representative last review period for lunch on Thursday.  Phil Platter Jeff Richter Chris Stokely Heather Dunton Les Rawson Mark Fischer Holden Salisbury Sean Crandall Chris Foster Stewart Rosman  I assume you will be reviewing me as well. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 You are correct, The EOL trades were not properly acccounted for. We need FSP 2000, not FSP 2002... I think we have it sorted out now though.  But yeah, too much stress is never healthy...I don't know exactly what the deal is.  Bill 
 Good morning, We have had some changes in our real-time group at Enron and consequently I would like to request a password change for the following EPMI logins. Please notify me when these changes will be effective.  1.)	real_time_epmiwe-- the current password is epmishift, I would like to change it to: huskies  2.)	real_time_epmiwe2-- the current password is realtimers2, I would like to change it to: ducks  3.)	real_time_epmiwe3-- the current password is oregon, I would like to change it to: beavers  4.)	settlements-- the current password is settlements, I would like to change it to: cougars  Thank you for your help with this.  Bill Williams Manager, Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 (w) 503-887-3449 (c) 
 Things have definitely been difficult over here. In truth, I may have underestimated how prepared our systems and the folks in our group were to move dramatically greater volumes. We are moving through a period of adjustment and should be back on track by tomorrow. So Kate probably is not any more stressed out than anyone else. She probably just shows it a bit more. We shouldn't be holding you guys back too much longer.  My apologies for the delay. Bill 
 Traci, I manage the short term west hourly trading desk in Portland.  Do you need me to come to Houston, or is there a more convenient way to convey my feedback? I also need a performance feedback form. You can reach me at 503-464-3730  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks, I just left her another. B 
 Looks great Jill!  Thanks,  Bill 
 John,  How was Austin?  Did you get the rest and relaxation you were looking for?  How about golf?  Everyone has only ever had good things to say about Austin.  Audi TT? NICE pick.  Is that a 6-speed?  Only 23,000 miles is pretty sweet and the color is right (matches the 400E).  Next time I am down there (?) you'll have to provide a demonstration.  I am really getting the urge to lose my 525 (this seems to happen about every 6 months), I have only driven it once since I moved (about 5 miles total).  Kind of hard to justify $+500 a month for car, insurance and parking when I drive it 20 miles in a month (just not very cost effective).  An old 2002tii would only cost me parking and insurance (and my pride).  Other ideas?  So I am in the new place.  It's great!  Perfect location (just no parking), and I get way more sleep (til 5!).  Its got a pretty solid view and feels much bigger than it is because of all the windows.  Now if I could just get some furniture...maybe a table...  B 
 John, Thanks for the timely note.  PRC is today. Much appreciated. B 
 Sean,  Just to follow-up from yesterday. Two key real-time customers would be MPC (load balancing agreement) and EPE (power "consulting" agreement). Other customers such as LV Cogen and Valley are important, but they do not provide the market information or the opportunities of these two. As soon as we have something tangible regarding a new company (and likely before), I think we need to visit these customers and get them back.  Ideas?  Bill 
 Group, We will be meeting on Thursday at 4:30 to discuss recent changes and the company outlook with Tim on Thursday Dec. 13th at 4:30. Please call me if you cannot make it. Thanks,  Bill 
 Thank you. 
 Bam. Let me know what you hear 
 Sorry to hear it man. It has not been a great last couple of months. 
 What up dawg! How are you and Meg doing? I still have a job. It has been an extremely rocky time. However, I feel optimistic that our trading business will continue in some fashion. I believe that we will be bought out by an investment bank and that we will be able to start trading again. The chances are good that I will have to thin out my group a bit, I am hoping that attrition will take care of some of the members of the group. I think we are going to let traders out of their contract if they want to leave. Hopefully that will cut down on any direct lay-offs I will have to do. It would suck having to lay-off good people. Its worrisome but like I said, I am optimistic. Soccer was going well, but I sprained my knee pretty badly playing indoor last night, so another two-three weeks before I am out there playing again...bollocks! Its ridiculous. How are things with you? I have two tickets to Mark Lanegan on December 19th at Berbatis Pan.  Are you going to be in town at that point? Its gonna be sweet. Still enjoying the Audi. My address is 1005 SW Park Ave. #706, Portland OR, 97205. Give me a ring and let me know what the word is. 503-887-3449.  Later, Bill 
 This can also be found at P:Realtime/Williamsonly/Dopewars in the P drive. If you have access. 
  The key is to go long Heroin and Coke when you have a chance. And put extra money in the bank  Bill 
 Group-  As we have more and more cuts, we have an excellant opportunity to refine our cut technique. (YES!)  1.) In path confirmation workspace-please check all cut paths as "confirmed" (this will allow us to sort for cut or "confirmed" paths later)-and enter notes in the comment section regarding the cut.  2.) ZERO OUT CUT SCHEDULES IN DEAL SCHEDULING. On imports to CALI, please zero out the purchase outside of CALI, zero out the EpmiCalPool, and then make a purchase under the book that had the import (likely EPMI Short Term Cali) from the California Imbalance (remember no price and 24 POS on the group).  IF you have any questions, please call me. We are having a nightmare taking care of weekend cuts, particularly imports into California.  Thanks,  Bill 
 For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend. I appreciate your help.  Bill 
 This is important--- 
 Dave,  I need your help with some Enpower applications. Please give me a call as soon as you have an opportunity. By the way...I sure hope your Longhorns do NOT end up matched against my Huskies...ouch!  Thanks, Bill  1-800-684-1336 
 Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Cuts are on the way. While most can be zeroed out in Enpower (for LD's) like normal, longterm contracts will require an annuity for the value of the cut on that particular day. In the interest of being uniform, the guidelines for cuts are below.  We will be handling cuts in the following manner:  1. Documentation is priority #1. We need to fill out a cut sheet with the times, the name of the person who called, the tag number, the quantity and price.  2. After attempting to resupply the cut or find an alternate sink we need to carefully document changes in the new enpower workspace.  3. We need to zero out all cut deals in Enpower, we then need to calculate the value of the deals and make an annuity. The annuity must be made HE 1 on the following day of the schedule. The annuity needs to be for 1 mw for the value of the zeroed out contract. In the comment section of the annuity you must include the Enpower deal # of the cut deal and should include an indication of the number of mws each hour and the contract price--for example (4 hours @ 25 mws X $100 per mw = $10,000).  4. Please be as accurate as possible. We still need to be flat in Enpower at the end of each day. And we still need to calculate our daily position.  5. Put all cut sheets in the accordion folder on Kate Symes' Desk.  I appreciate your help and diligence. Thanks,  Bill 
 Nope. 
 I spoke with Jim Danielson at MWD regarding this cut on 11/26. We did not deliver the 25 mws to MWD. Jim at MWD requested that we "book out" the cut with him at the contract price of the 25 mws. I entered a deal to buy 25 mws from MWD at the contract price ($113.00) deal #882054, and a deal to sell to Calpine to capture LD's ($113.00) deal #882064. I attempted to enter this in the cuts database but got several errors and do not have confidence that this occurred. Please let me know if you have any questions. Bill 
  Theresa, Could you add DL-Portland Shift to this distribution. I would like the guys in Real-Time to be able to see this information when they come in. Thanks, Bill 
 I have also not been able to approve these. I do need those folks to have access... 
 Group-  We are currently owed money by CERS (approximately $100,000). We need to net this to a zero by Friday. It is very important that each of you call CERS and purchase energy from them to net this position out. Otherwise--we will see a loss of $100,000. Let's make this problem go away.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thanks for reserving the room. I will not need any food ordered. Thanks, Bill 
 Susan, Thank you. This looks good. To answer some of your questions, price is per mw, not per deal. Transmission deals, EpmiCalPool deals, and sales or purchases from the counterparty California Imbalance in Enpower need to be excluded. Thanks, Bill 
 Allegheny's SC is now APX 5. Contact numbers are below.  Thanks Bill 
 Grace, What is a CPE certificate?  B 
 Kysa, Just wanted to give you a quick heads up. b 
 Group, Please put all information from the previous day (ie printed dispatch, EPE preschedulng sheet) into the appropriate folder on Kate Symes' old desk. Thanks, Bill 
 Good morning, I would like to obtain Global Trader ID's for the following traders on the Short Term West Hourly desk in Portland, Oregon. They will be using EnronOnline beginning next week, Nov. 26th.  Bert Meyers Mark Guzman Leaf Harasin Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean  Please call me with any questions. I can be reached at 503-464-3730 or on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thank you for your help.  Bill Williams 
 I like that much better...super. 
 I appreciate the goals and accomplishments, I was looking more for a quick outline of duties. This should work though. Thanks, Bill 
 Tim,  I have been approached by 3 different groups regarding an HA or RT index in the West. I have decided against participating with TraderNews or PowerDex. I am considering participating with Dow Jones. I think a working index would help encourage liquidity through price discovery in real time. It should also provide an index to settle against financially for our desk and the Cash desks. I am working with Kate and our developement group upstairs to get the tools in place to participate in the Dow Jones index. I am still waiting for the confidentiality agreements from DJ and will be sending them to Steve Hall when they arrive. I have concerns that participating in this index may spread some of the value we obtain in making a market on EOL to our counterparties. I would appreciate your thoughts on this when you have an opportunity.  Thanks, Bill 
 Enpower Preschedule Workspace and Path Confirmation  Please note we have two new Enpower applications currently in use by the Prescheduling Group that are also available for Real Time use. A manual has been placed in your inbox describing the process in detail. You will be using this in place of Lotus Notes to confirm and process cut power schedules going forward. You must check out with all major marketers and utilities each night. This would include but not be limited to: AEP, AES-New Energy, Aquila, Avista, Calpine, Constellation, Coral, Duke, Dynegy, El Paso Merchant, Exelon, Meico, Mirant, Morgan, NCPA, Reliant, PPLMontana, PowerX, Sempra, SMUD, TransAlta, Williams, and southwest utilities such as Pinnacle West, SRP, PNM, PSCO and Pacificorp. Northwest counterparties are checked out by BPA and do not need to be checked again by us (this would include SCL, TCL, PSPL, BPAP, GCPUD, EWEB, IPC, MPC, SNPD, WWP). These checkouts should be started in HE 19 and finished by HE 21.  NOTE: You must open both PSW and Path Confirmation from your local Enpower Launchpad, which can be found under the Start Menu in Programs/Business Applications/Enpower/Enpower Login.  Following are a few pointers to help you get started.  1.	All prescheduled power paths will be loaded into Path Confirmation. This application must be opened from local Enpower and can be found in the menu that drops down from the hand icon at the left under "Tools." 2.	A box will appear asking you to select a default trading desk. Choose "West" and click "Okay." 3.	Supply schedules are shown in gray, transmission in yellow, and market in blue. 4.	Sort paths by clicking and dragging on the heading you'd like to sort by. Suggestion: Sort by counterparty while making confirmation calls. When all schedules with that counterparty are confirmed, highlight each schedule 5.	Highlight the path you'd like to confirm or cut by clicking in the thin box to the very left of the Path Confirmation screen. Highlight multiple rows by holding the "Control" button and while selecting multiple rows. 6.	Confirm a path by highlighting and clicking the telephone icon. A screen will come up requesting contact information from the appropriate counterparty. Because this information saves directly to Enpower, save time runs about a minute. 7.	Cut a path by highlighting and clicking the scissors icon. A screen called "Cut Information" will come up. Select the "New Path Cut" icon in the upper left-hand corner and supply the relevant information (region, cut time, resupply path, Enpower numbers, Turret ID, etc.) 8.	Double click anywhere in a particular row to see a detail of that schedule. This screen will show the terms and hours of the deal as well as volume, price, Enpower deal and OATI tag number.  Lotus Notes is being phased out of operation, and we are working with the Enpower team in Houston to develop a discussion database similar to the one we currently use in Notes. These new applications will be a part of that, so please begin adjusting your nightly schedule checkout and/or cuts procedure accordingly (i.e. Record cut paths in Enpower Path Confirmation, not Lotus Notes.) 
 Group,  We will have an emergency meeting on Monday, November 26th at 4 PM. We will be going live on EOL for HE 7-22 on Monday. We will be discussing EOL trading, the new confirmation workspace in Enpower, business practice changes, and the Dynegy merger. Please make plans to attend. Contact me as soon as you can if you think you may not be able to make it.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We have had some issues with EpmiCalPool deals recently and I wanted to provide information for newer members of the group and a quick reminder for crusty veterans as we head into the Thanksgiving Holiday. I have also decided to change our protocol for entering multiple EpmiCalPool deals. Please pay special attention to #5 below.  So, some basic rules about EpmiCalPool deals.  1. EpmiCalPool deals are BUY-RESALE deals--(a transmission deal will work but is not the preferred method)  2. We only BUY from the EpmiCalPool-no exceptions-.  3. EpmiCalPool deals have a $0 price in the buy and sell portions. Please do not enter a price on an EpmiCalPool deal.  4. EpmiCalPool deals must have a delivery point of an CISO tie point or an CISO congestion zone. Good delivery points would be: Malin, COB N/S, COB S/N, NOB N/S, NOB S/N, Cascade, Captain Jack, Summit, Four Corners 345, Mead 230, Paloverde, NP-15, ZP-26, SP-15.  Bad delivery points would include: Mid-C, Hotsprings, Hidalgo, BC Border.  5. IMPORTANT CHANGES TO BUSINESS PRACTICE HERE EpmiCalPool deals are used to simulate the purchase of transmission from the California ISO.  a.) If you have a wheel from tie point to tie point for example Malin to Four Corners for congestion management--than an EpmiCalPool deal from Malin to Four 	Corners would be appropriate. For seperate wheels from tie point to tie point we will NOT be putting in deals from Malin to NP-15, NP-15 to SP-15, and SP-15 to 	Four Corners.  b.)However, from Congestion zone to congestion zone inside of California, or if you are moving tie point to a congestion zone--for example Malin to SP-15 we will 	need a Malin to NP-15 and NP-15 to SP-15. This will allow us to better capture congestion across congestion zones in California, and will prepare us for the move 	to FSP.  6. We will initiate this change in business practice HE 1 on Tuesday November 20th.  Epmicalpool deals continue to provide problems with reports. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Jim, You can find HE 10 through 18 at the bottom of the November Service Sheet. This should be in the same location as the Trading sheet in the Inc sheet section. My understanding is that you were given a copy of the service sheet with the trading sheet yesterday morning. You should find probably another $60,000 maybe $70,000 at the bottom of the sheet. If you have any questions just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, We also received congestion revenue for HE 10 through HE 18. HE18-although it shows nothing from the CAISO on their site (their server went down) is the same as HE17-the CAISO specifically relayed this to me on a recorded line. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Could you look into my concur expense login/password. I am at a class today and need to approve these expense reports in the system. However,I cannot access the system. I am not sure if this is related to our floor wide network problems or what. Also, we are a go for Edgefield. You and I just need to talk about the expense report.  Thanks,  Bill 
 #10728 
 Amy, Hey! Great to hear from you! Hope you are doing well. But... What are you talking about? Who's on what side? And what are you trying to recall?  Bill 
 I know Jim. You guys are doing well.  Thanks, Bill 
 Extra ST-SW transmission can be viewed in the Available Transmission Sheet. B 
 Good afternoon. We have recieved significant amounts of congestion revenue on real-time for 11/13. Please use the inc sheet or CAPS to settle in the morning. The inc sheet has correct pricing and schedule ID's.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We are long 20 mws in SDG1 for HE 2 and HE 3. We are long 10 mws in SDG1 for HE 4 and HE 5. This cost us $7.50. We imported it from MEAD 230. We are also long 10 mws in NP-15 for HE 7-22 at $25. This is from Redding.  Finally, ST-SW has extra transmission from PV to 4C and PV to Mead. You can query by Enron Power Marketing on the APS site to see what we have already purchased. If you need this transmission off-peak please use what we have already purchased. We can go over the Enpower when I get in in the morning.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Of course.  Deez nuts. 
 Dude-- It was $5. My total bet for the game was $40. $5 to you, $20 to Porter, $15 to Mark Fisher.  Come on...don't try to run me over. The gloating has to be worth $5.  B 
