so builds resources until the point he decides to attack, then he kills all but maybe 20 villagers. His army is concentrated and huge. 3) Build castles on conquered territory.  If we wall a large area, build resource levels quickly, then attack as soon as we each have a 40 man army, with additional soldiers cued. we will win. The use of trebuchets is imperative. We should have a total of 10 on our team. Towers kill. AND WE MUST NEVER SIT BACK AND LET HIM REBUILD. Whenever we hang out not attacking, it's over.  J 
 I know. Houston sucks. XO J 
 When I think about you, it puts me in a good mood 
 I hope you feel better. I think your work (and work ethic) is phenomenal. I will give you many hugs. Your biggest fan, J 
 Sorry this took so long. I talked to Geof and got the OK. Thanks, Jason 
 what the??!?! 
 Thanks. My battery cap looked a little different. I will try to take it off tonight and will take a picture. It wasn't obvious to me at the time how the cap worked (it wasn't nearly as clean around the battery as grandmas). Hopefully no more problems.  Jason 
 1) It's Grease. 2) It's 'NSYNC, and I am insulted by your inaccurate spelling of this legendary band's name 
 Like the Las Vegas product, we need to re-map the curve in sitara to PGE-Topock instead of Socal, but we can go ahead and roll out the next day product. Jason 
 Around North Carolina? no 
 really? why? 
 whatever. just let me know when you aren't dicking around 
 If there is an Enron next week, she will probably get an offer. Unless we are owned by Dynegy. Then I don't know. Either way, don't quit cleaning boats yet. 
 Karen, I worked in ENA West Risk from July 2000 until March 1, 2001, when I began West Logistics. Risk was counted as my first rotation. Scheduling is my second. Jason 
 According to CNBC, the Dynegy deal is close, with an announcement today. I'm not really nervous; Enron's strength is its wholesale trading dept. I'm not sure about non-core business and corporate hacks, though. We'll see how it all shakes out - it's really hard to believe it has come to this. Jason 
 I'm eating Droubi's middle eastern cuisine right now, thinking of the times we used to meet there for lunch. I miss those days. 
 It's Dynegy, not Dynergy. 
 We are totally LBs. no DEs. We had a bad defensive game, which I hope turns around next week, as we have good people at those positions. Our defense has been one of the best. PumpnGD had a lucky defensive game, but he has good people as well. Our head-to-head with him in 2 weeks is key. Curtis Martin is a bye for him, so he picked up Watters. But you saw last night how dominant Shaun Alexander is. If he has a good game next week, he may have the starting role or at least split carries. The next 2 games will be tough. Jason 
 the merger will be completed over the next 8-10 months, so who knows where I will end up. I need to be where the trading is. Beth and I are driving up for XMas. We're leaving Houston Thurs or Fri before, and will head back for Houston the 26th. Let Sweetpea know. Jason 
 I open my email, and Trav is inviting people over, threatening to pull out the ol' lance, and comparing dimensions with Matty. I guess that means it's game night. Is Allan going to around Tues? He has been notoriously absent, and may not be allowed to play anymore. 
 oh, and the pause for "Friends" was a nice touch. I think that reveals the true, inner warlike nature of MillerKnight. You go, girlfriend! 
 Thurs I can play after Thirtysomething...  but on a serious note, I need some clarification on when AoE lance night is taking place, and when XBox night (Thurs?) is happening. I'll bring some Miller for MK Jason 
 Hey, thanks for trying to squeeze in a few minutes with your friends the weekend you finally fly down to Houston. I wouldn't expect you to make a trip unless you had to. 
 sorry, no 
 I've been working pretty heavily. This past Sat I went to the Rennaisance Festival, which runs for about 7 consecutive weekends in the fall every year in the country north of Houston. It is set up like a huge medieval village with jousting, shops, etc. People dress up like elves, swordsmen, wizards, fairies. (I even saw a fat guy dressed as a fairy) People are really into it, and travel a long way to go. Have you seen the new Ford Thunderbird? Go online if you haven't, and have the big guy look at it, too. I think it looks pretty awesome, but I'm not sure it will be my next car.  Love, Jason 
 Who is playing, and when should we start? Get back at me so I will know when to show up. Thanks, DJ 
 I hear you are good at facilitating a quick "meating" 
 Jonda, be a sport. No one expected YOU to get a T-shirt. You and Beth were getting tube tops.   So was Matt. 
 will you be holding his leash and cleaning up his mess? 
 so are you saying we SHOULD go away over Thanksgiving? 
 you're my angel XOXOXOXOXO 
 Am I the only one sharpening my lance for some AoE this week, or is that SO pre-XBox?  PS: Look at ENE -- the end of an empire 
