ave an EnronOnline ID and Password? I can show you how to access it and find the quotes you need when you are ready.  Paul  P.S. Have a great weekend!!! 
  My FAX is 713 646-2551. Thanks 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
  Audrey,  Please see the attached docs and send out. Also, note the cc: 's.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Audrey,  Do you have a specific format that you would like me to use?  Paul 
 Audrey,  I do plan to attend.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of the attached document with photos is being forwarded to you seperately. I will be responsible for sending you the monthly updates in the future. Also, I am planning a trip to the Middle East at the end of March and the beginning of April. I hope to meet with you at that time. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Based on today's closing NYMEX prices there is $1.9 MM of price difference between EcoElectrica's 2002 Winter Cargo Commodity Charge plus Commodity Surcharge and the delivered cost of 83,000 CBM of LNG. That is $5.61 vs $4.61. This assumes we pay a day rate of $50,000/day for the vessel, Jan '02 NYMEX is $5.41, and the FOB price for LNG is $2.66.  Let's stay in touch about the possibilty of landing a spot cargo into Puerto Rico in January. As we discussed, how we play this with Cabot is a big issue. There could be an additional $4.7 MM of value that could be captured by Eco if Cabot were unable to release its right to not deliver a Winter Cargo. Also, let's continue to think about how we make the logistics work and how we can get Cabot's cooperation if needed.  Also, note that Eco may need 2 cargoes of this size to make it until the Early Spring Cargo.   Paul 
 If the last Hoegh Galleon cargo of this year is diverted to Puerto Rico, the economics of sending non-Cabot LNG to Puerto Rico are different than those mentioned in my prior note.  Based on current prices, there is $0.7 MM of value that could be captured between Enron LNG and Eco on the diversion. This represents the price difference between what it would cost to buy back our sale to ENA at CMS and what Eco would have had to pay Cabot for a Winter Cargo. If CMS would let us out of the terminal fee or let it apply to a future delivery, that would add an additional $1 MM of value. If Cabot had to give up its Demand Charge and Demand Surcharge (hard to imagine) on the Winter Cargo, that adds another $4.7 MM.  A second Hoegh Galleon cargo should add $1.5 MM but would need to be sourced from Nigeria or Algeria(???).  Cabot controls the date of the Last Cargo delivered in 2001. It can be November 23-December 15 (unless another date is mutually agreeable). The date of this last delivery determines the earliest date that Eco would be able to receive the Hoegh Galleon. The earliest that Eco could receive the Hoegh Galleon should therefore be between December 20 and January 11 - depends on Cabot.  Eco would be able to receive a second Hoegh Galleon cargo as soon as 29 days after the first Hoegh Galleon cargo delivery or as late as 45 days after. Two Hoegh Galleon cargoes should give Eco enough fuel (barely) to get them to the dates where they are eligible to receive the Early Spring cargo (100 days after the Last Cargo of 2001).  In addition to the $$$'s available to be captured, this program removes Eco's risk of not receiving a Winter Cargo from Cabot.  Economics and Timing -  The amount of value to be captured is most heavily influenced by December-January NYMEX prices. These impact our cost to buy back gas at the CMS tailgate and our cost to buy the second Hoegh Galleon cargo. Our gas cost is more subject to change than is the Cabot contract price we are trying to beat. If we had a crystal ball, we would lock-in the economics of the diversion and of the purchase of the second cargo when the NYMEX bottoms-out. The front of the price curve has lost ~$1.00/MMBtu in the last 2 weeks. Where will it go from here?  In order to be prepared to execute when market conditions are right, we need to get Eco on board and initiate discussions with a producer about supply for the second cargo. Also, we should talk with Gene Massey to confirm that the contract says what we think it says and to get his thoughts on what we are trying to do.  I would appreciate any insights that you may have regarding this opportunity.  Regards,  Paul 
 If we worked out a price structure similar to the last cargo, we could eliminate the price risk by paying the following for the LPG:  1400 MT at a Fixed Price (represents amount borrowed that went to April sales) 2900 MT based on May Mont Belvieu plus Premium 1 2800 MT based on June Mont Belvieu plus Premium 2 and 2900 MT based on July Mont Belvieu plus Premium 3  The Fixed Price for 1400 MT and the Premiums 1,2, and 3 are under discussion with Suzanne. This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue.  Question: How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale?  Paul 
 Oscar,  Per our conversation, the following are the fuel management team's assumptions of fuel requirements for Eco at 100% of capacity:  LNG   91,260 MMBtu/day at 507 MW    Heat Rate = 7500 BTU/kwh  LPG   1905 Metric Tons at 507 MW     Heat Rate = 7461 BTU/kwh    (Note: 522 gallons/MT   ,   91,300 Btu/gallon)  No.2   619,000 gallons/day at 465 MW   Heat Rate = 7313 BTU/kwh    (Note: 131,850 Btu/gallon)   Heat rates at less than 100% of capacity will be different from those at 100%. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves.  Call me if you have any additional questions.   Regards,  Paul 
 Harib,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of the attached document with photos is being forwarded to you seperately. I will be responsible for sending you the monthly updates in the future. Also, I am planning a trip to the Middle East at the end of March and the beginning of April. I hope to meet with you at that time. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Harib,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Oscar,  Please also provide updates of No.2 and LPG inventories.  Paul 
 Sounds like a great trip.  I'm going to have to work on Renee about diving. Masks (anything around her face) make her claustrophobic (spelling???). She can wear a ski mask, however, so she can probably get used to a scuba mask.  Have a great time.  Paul 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 The attached spreadsheet allows you to easily calculate Eco's year-end LNG inventory for a variety of cases that vary dispatch rate, # days of outage for CT1, and number of cargoes diverted between now and year-end. Simply enter your assumption for number of days of CT1 outage in cell A16 and the number of cargoes you want to divert in cell A23. The year-end inventory is automatically calculated. A negative number means that you require more LNG than you are entitled to receive.  Assuming that you want the LNG tank full at year-end:  1. Eco will be able to receive 100% of the remaining 6 cargoes if the CT1 outage is 60 days or less  2. 175 days of CT1 outage are required to result in Eco being able to divert 1 cargo and still have a full tank at year-end  3. a 60-175 day outage for CT1 results in surplus LNG but whether or not it is enough to market depends on how much the outage exceeds 60 days  The above figures assume a 76% dispatch and 95% availability on days that Eco is not assumed to be in an outage.   Paul 
