erally not good, how about next wednesday ? 
 FYI he is getting married in Trinidad... 
 Have not called doctor, but will soon.  Love you siempre, KPD 
 Given the fact that we still have a significant number of transactions that are not captured on EOL, my answer would be thanks but no thanks.  AZ 
 I dont' know and I don't know. 
 Bruce Peterson at Korn Ferry International. He runs the energy practice out of Houston. They are located in houston, but I don't have his phone number. Information should have it. He is a good guy and very well connected. 
 Arkansas joke:   Guy is driving down a rural road in Arkansas.  Cop pulls him over and asks, "got any ID" ?  Guy replies: "'bout what" ?   nother one: The toothbrush must have been invented in Arkansas. Otherwise it would have been called the "teethbrush" . 
 love to. lets talk today. 
 has ng not cl. 
 I sold 2500/d of Nov2/Mar3 @ 3.495 to hedge the above book. can you please put it in that book.  Thanks. 
 Tomorrow ? 
 PLEASE STOP REPLYING TO ALL USERS 
 i sold 1,000/d of apr/oct @ 3.02 for GD-Y-Gas Daily book. please put in that book. Thanks. 
 Two things:  1). The below trade did not go into the GD-Y-Gas Daily book, please move it into the corect book.  2). I bot a Nov16-30 TZ6 gas daily swap from Vladi Pimenov @ 3.75 for 10,000/d. did this go into my position, and what book did it go into ?  Thanks  AZ 
 thnk u nothing for now  ttfn 
 do u have msn instant messenger ? 
 I'm ok. Things are pretty bleak. I don't know what is going to happen. Asking myself some serious questions about my career. 
 I think Enron and my career are finished. 
 John, Thanks for the note. Yeah things look pretty lousy here at the big E. From first to worst in 4 easy weeks. The untold story is how much money the gas and power trading folks have made that some weenies in three piece in suits in Corp pissed away. Looks like we are going to be bought by Dynegy. Hang in there with ONE. I am agitating for a Christmas visit to Mich by us, so hope to see you then.  Keep on it, Andy 
 u sld 50 ngz01 @ 2.935 to John Arnold. 
 u bot 300 NGZ01 2.925 from John Arnold. 
 George Bush, minister of the double negative:  "Not over my dead body" will they raise your taxes.  Does that mean yes to tax increases as long as he is alive ? 
 congrat's Raj: I'm gratified to see that the corportae customers we talked about are finding value in the product and service. 
 Thought you guys would find this funny:  TOP TEN USES FOR THE NEW ENE BLDG  1. HEALTH CLUB 2. LOFTS 3. PUBLIC STORAGE 4. HOTEL FOR SEC INVESTIGATION TEAM 5.SKY RING BAR AND BROTHEL 6. SCRAP METAL 7.RETAIL CENTER 8. MINIMUM SECURITY FEDERAL PRISON FOR EXECUTIVES 9.PROP IN NEXT HOLLYWOOD ACTION FLICK: IMPLOSION 10.PERMANENT REMINDER TO ALL INVESTORS: SELL WHEN THEY BUILD A MONUMENT TO SELF 
 Oy ! Let's talk later today if you have time. hope the family is doing well.  rgds, andy 
 magnani@thesearchcenter.com 
 Can you believe it ? cat sleeping with dogs.... 
 Greg,  I know this has been a tough couple of weeks for you but I thought I would drop you a line and share my impressions:  1). This deal is an ideal opportunity to merge back and mid office support platforms. We have discussed this many times and EnronNetworks was practically set up for this (CommodityLogic et al...)  2). I don't know what you folks have in mind but I could see leaving ENE's market making and trading structure intact and having DYN's asset-based trading be just another business unit like EES was. but the key is the tremendous cost savings of the common support platform.  I don't mean to be presumptuous but I hadn't talked to you in a while and wanted to get it off my chest.  Good luck, Andy 
 There is a lot of confused bullshit floating around..... 
 Mooney's are great planes and are very fast. I almost bought an MSE a few years ago, which subsequently was called the Allegro, then the Eagle. They are really well built with no incidents of inflight airframe failure ever. Drawbacks are they are quite small and there is a cloud over he comapny as it is in bankruptcy. The bankruptcy isue is around whether the supply of parts will be available going foward. They are probably being discounted which makes it a good buy. Idon't think the parts issue is a real one as someone will step in to take over the manufacturing.  AZ 
 Errol pleae make sure to put anything not mentioned by Justin into my book. Thanks. 
 wow, three weeks away from the kids ! brave and lucky man. life is very edgy here waiting for this stupid auction to happen. i don't really know what things will look like after even if we do get a bidder who wants to go foward. stay tuned. have a good time in oz.  andy 
 what about crude straddles ? 
 We should be watching this... 
 I can take this mission. Please advise.  Andy Zipper 
 sonjay.vishnupad@robertwalters.com 
 no problem. I just received my copy of the new policy with AIG and will send you proof. 
 Thanks Jeff. We'll let you know.  Regards, Andy 
 Sonjay,  Please give me a call at your convienence.  Thanks, Andy Zipper 
 +800 350 2415 Michael Hubley 
 Jay,  Have received comments that when multi day limit orders are placed, they are not alive after a friday night. I think this might have to do with orders getting wiped out duirng maintenance but I wanted to alert you to this.  AZ 
 I asked Steve and here is what he sent me. 
 FYI 
  got this from late friday. have you ever heard of him ? 
 Thanks for the note. Let's talk real soon. 
 Thanks. 
 thanks. good luck. 
 The Lions win !    The Lions win !  Break up the Lions....  Andy 
 A friend who works in New York asked if I could recommend an attorney who does Will/Estate preparation. Do you have any recommendations ?  Thanks, Andy  p.s. Happy New Year !! 
 Let me check on it and get back to you. I had mine done in Houston, but I can probably recommend someone.  Happy New Year, Andy 
 Thanks !  Have a safe and happy New Year.  Andy 
 who are you ? 
 I got it, whatever it was. 
 Sorry to see the absorption of TQ by APB. I suppose it is all for the best.  Hope that you guys come out of it allright. The irony is that TQ outlived Enron ! Haven't spoken to you in a awhile and hope that all is well with you and your family. Call me when you get a chance to catch up.  Best Regards for the Holiday Season, Andy Zipper 
 See you soon. Will do on the duds. 
 in Detroit @ 313 881 1166  Happy Holidays, Andy 
 In detroit @ 313 881 1166  Happy Holidays, Andy 
 huh ? 
 Mari,  I will be out Monday thru Wednesday. I will be in from 10:00am Thrus thru Friday.  My cell is (713) 419 0203. I will be reachable @ (313) 881 1166 through Wednesday.  Happy Holidays, Andy Zipper 
 no thank you. 
 no problem. good luck. 
 Will do, brother. 
   Ted, Try these guys. George is excellent. I don't know much about Balal. Hope all is going well for you and your bride. I know I owe you a phone call, and I will pay the debt soon.  Best, Andy   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 I think the note I sent to Steve plus the fact that he came to see me and I told him he was out of line are enough. We will not support the app. It seems kind of draconian to shut off the flow of information. As far as wireless in general it has never been a high priority for me because we never had a commercial basis for proceeding other than "gee, wouldn't this be cool" I think it is time to reassess the wireless angle, in terms of what it would cost to build, who would build it for us, and what we would get from the project. I'm going to ask Dave Forster to do that.  Comments ?  AZ 
 Let's let Govt. Affairs get some more info before doing anything. 
     --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
  Stranger than fiction.... 
   <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 let's discuss. 
 Talk to Matt Motsinger for that information. He is in charge of the reporting for that. 
 If we accept, then yes our IPE shares get converted to ICE shares. 
 yadda yadda yadda.... 
 the c1 guy's note is just more e-commerce blather...I don't know whether he would add any value or not, but would definitely add buzzwords. 
 Arvind,  Thank you for the note. We are evaluating the potential value that Techspan could bring to Enron. We will contact you when are ready to enter into a dialogue. Once again thank you for your interest in Enron.  Andy Zipper Vice President 
 experian 1-888-397-3742 done conf#3267747298  equifax  1-800-525-6285  transunion  1-800-916-8800 1-800-680-7289 
 Okay, but you're still sleeping on the couch tonight.... 
 Please see revised market assignments. Addititions are highlighted in blue. 
 no interest. thanks. 
 ok 
 I don't know. 
 I need to meet with GM from 12:30 to 2:00, so the early offsite slot works for me. Thanks. 
 Can you schedule and send out the following note to the EnronOnline origination group:  "Please attend an origination meeting on Tuesday, May 29  from 8:30 to 10:00. The focus of this meeting will doing a walkthrough of an EnronOnline demo for both EnronOnline hosted products and X-online hosted environments. This demo will cover all relevant functionality of the system, similar to what we have been presenting to GM et al."  Send to:  Dave Forster Michael Bridges Bob Shults Dan Diamond Jake Staffel John Allario John Pavetto Mike Haney Leonardo Pacheco Carl Carter  cc:Greg Piper, Mark Palmer 
 Okay. It wil be Bob Shults. I will put him in contact with Joe. 
  Please call Joe Robertson of enron Metals in NY to discuss market-making deal with the COMEX. 
  this is the underlying deal. it needs work and i am not sure we would do it. also, no straight through processing would be allowed for our deals. 
 I AGREE WITH KAL. 
 I believe the attached note accurately summarizes our position. We do not see anything changing. The deal remains terminated for the reasons below. 
 I declined to review Drew because I feel I haven't really spent a lot of time with him. The times I have worked with him, he has done a great job and been easy to work with. 
 Let me make this clear: Accenture is not to speak to anyone other than ourselves regarding what they are doing with EnronOnline. We ahve too much at stake right now.  Thanks AZ 
 Who and why ? 
 Yes, and I would you and I to chime in as well. 
 Vin,  Glad we could hook up yesterday.  The gist of what we are interested in is providing EnronOnline's liquidity to local NYMEX traders. I would like to explore the concept of NYMEX's clearing corp or another clearer standing in the middle between Enron and these locals. EnronOnline's architecture provides for a Master user, such as a Clearing Corp, to set up as many sub-users (local traders) as it wants. Each sub-user has trading rights as designated and controlled by the master. We would envision the Clearing Corp. handling it credit arrangements with the locals, and negotiating its relationship with Enron. I know this is pretty simple stuff, but every long journey starts with a small step. Please let me your interest in pursuing this sort of arrangement or a variant thereof.  Thanks, Andy Zipper Vice President Enron Corp. 
  Please review the spreadsheet, and look at Daily Deals Graph. 
 Justin, The traders are free to use any platform they like. I do not approve or disapprove; they are in the best position to make that decision. It is EWS policy however that someone from Amita/Lara's group be the master user to montor activity and control what access agreements we accept.  Thanks, Andy 
 Lara, You need to be the master user for the platform. It is EWS policy. Go ahead and get set up and coordinate document acceptance with Justin. 
 Guys, Let's get together today to dicuss demo. I would like to demo full capability, including option manager. I think it is very important to also set up an interest rate product, perhaps a swap that is quoted in rate only. No need to convert to dollar ox just yet. Given that the guy who is building their commercial paper platform will be there and seems to be one of the main judges of the merit of EOL I think it behooves us to slant presentation that way.  I'm good from 11:00 to 1:00  Andy 
 thanks. damned things never work. 
 millionth trade: eric graff @ Coral, TCO pool day gas, someone on scott neal's desk. 
 OpenLink is one of the leaders in risk management systems. We used at Coral, and it was then called Abacus. It is strongest in front office risk management. I would view their competition as KioDex. The deal with Duke has been around for awhile. 
 Frank,  Thank you for bringing your team down to Houston to demonstrate the new version of the system. We appreciate the effort that HoustonStreet has made to upgrade its system, however in our view insufficient progress has been made to change our decision to terminate the Posting Agreement. Once again, thank you the effort your team put in and let's stay touch.  Andy Zipper 
 I've seen it before. It is Hong Kong Airport and the guy kicked out the crab at the last possible second. He was seconds from riping the gear off. 
 Mike,  That's fine, but no LOI is to be agreed without EnronOnline's concurrence. If you want to do something without us, go right ahead but if we are to be involved then we need to approve and be involved in the deal from the get go. Bob Shults is contacting Joe in NY as we speak.  Thanks, Andy Zipper 
 We will do on Monday morning, but I don't think we need Jay involved. 
  Kal will be finishing mine shortly. Please be prepared to do the 3 hole punch thing 20 times. Thanks. 
 Okay, fair enough. He would be perfect for the role, but I understand what you are trying to accomplish. 
 what about London ? 
 It's fine with me. 
 CAN YOU SEND David Lebow in IR a copy of the above report on electronic commmodity trading. thanks. 
 Let me if you receive this email. 
 good ! 
 I'll attend briefly, but you can run it. 
 So do you think things are proceeding well ? 
 My guys tell me we are just about finished on our end and will be getting ready to beta test. How are your folks doing ? 
