traditionally have had currency issues in Canada regarding P&L preservation versus cashflow preservation.  We have been valued in P&L under the US$ but due to Revenue Canada reasons our functional currency has been C$ (i.e.  the preponderence of cashflows were in C$ from the legacy gas deals, PetroCanada, Suncour, etc, and the PPA position).  Since trader evaluation at year end has been in US$, traders would hedge C$ positions immediately as the trade occured.  The hedge would extend until the position rolled of his book.  From a P&L systems point of view, this would preserve the trader's P&L in US$.  However, from a treasury point of view currency risk would still exist until cash exchange hands; these cash exchange dates were different for financial trades, physical trades and inter-company trades.  There was also some currency risk (albeit small) between billing dates from SAP and settlement dates of the respective trade type.  It is my opinion that the functional currency should match the evaluation currency in order to mitigate many of the above problems.  To a certain extent, I am indifferent if it is US$ or C$.  The timeline of the decision is being driven by our accounting group who need to set up the SAP system.  They are trying to work within a deadline to have the company capable of performing transactions by Jan 29.  This is the date that they have been told to meet by Houston.  As a result, we would need a determinination of the functional currency by Mon Jan 28. 
 you should request this from eric ledain or derek davies, they have the current list 
 yes i gave him a verbal 
  i lifted it last night for 82,000 
 will this be video conferenced in calgary 
 Can you send me the Jan 18 trades and marks as well as today's trades and marks before 3:00 PM today,  thanks  John 
 A buddy of mine is selling this stuff and is just starting out, if you need a helmet, contact him. 
 no the packages haven't come in.  Kacz's called a we are going to pick up the gift.  Warburg is still progressing, just waiting on offer letters.  I will be in charge of canadian trading, that will include ontario power - a new market that i will have to learn about. 
 can you prepare how the ontario market works presentation for myself and derek davies 
 No I never got the sweater. I was thinking about that on the weekend.  I'll pick up the gift for you. 
 hey janet, i haven't received the new phone in number yet, not sure if you have it yet 
 WOW, that was higher than I thought.  That is not much different than mine and higher than other Directors in the office.  I am not blowing smoke, but given my experience, there is nothing that I can do at the immediate time. 
 i don't even know your salary now. 
 I am reading your mail, I have asked for the same thing regarding my base. Especially since I came up here with a base salary converted at 1.48 CDN/USD and with no raise since being here at 1.61 CDN/USD I have received a 9% pay cut relative to my peers in Houston.  Not to mention that my base salary is $50-$100 USD/year lower than what other shops are offering.  However, after three attempts, I have been unsuccessful in championing my own cause. 
   Can you send my curves and trades for Jan 18 
 Can Dorland and Chad meet me and Mili in Video 1 at 9:30 and when these guys come back can Cowan and Lambie come to Video 1 
 After some brief discussions with UBS in Houston, we must wait before we can make final determination of our functional currency.  We may be evaluated in Canadian dollars rather than American.  I must get some direction from UBS 
  403-974-6706 
 do you have the internet addresses and directory details put togethor yet 
 I can't afford to bump anyone, unfortunately all the people on this list are top notch.  We are trying to separate the cream from the cream.  Given that, and working on the assumption that Dan D is a rock star (i.e. not knowing him from Adam otherwise) I think we should relace Lalani with him. 
 Cooper is doing fine he is still breathing according to him 
 Check out www.segalmotorcar.com 
 things are going well,hectic but more steady now that we are bought by UBS, at least steady in mind  jess is doing well, just 6 weeks left, she is getting to the uncomfortable phase now  how are you doing in portland? 
 Yes, he worked for me, he ran the AECO option book, we let him go since we were not sure of our future at the time, he is setting up the BP Amoco options desk  He is a very smart guy and understand options very well, he is late thirties and has been trading for some time 
 congrats to Ali  I had to fly to houston on monday on last minute notice, we have been bought by UBS Warburg, I hope that the deal works out and looks good for me, don't know yet but I am excited, how is the condo going? 
 can er make this earlier, not sure I'll be in fri aft 
 Is is possible to import a lotus elise and get it converted to left-hand drive and road compliant?  I was wondering if you knew how to do it and how much it would cost  Thank you. 
 Here is a list of products and counterparties 
 Nella here is a list of products that we would launch on EOL in NETCO.  Assume the the products listed under the Financial heading are launched on day 1 and the the products listed under the Physical heading are launched at a later date. 
 Enron Canada Power Corp acknowledges the change in the sink asset from CH1A to CH1U for contract #1947 for the period of Jan 01, 2002 HE1 to Dec 31, 2002 HE24   Thank you John Zufferli 
 i waited for 15 min, i guess the conference call was cancelled? 
 what is your number at work? 
 If the legacy deals move to NETCO then we need the ability to trade Canadian gas.  Canada would not be out of business if we only traded US denominated financial products but it reduce our daily transactions by 75%. 
 Dad asked if I wanted to lend you some money but I am reluctant to do it at this point in time since:  a) I am not completely at liberty to touch all the cash that I have received lately for concern that it may be taken bank under potential creditor action against Enron.  Unfortunatelty, without this cash, I really can't afford to lend any.  The cash that I received recently represents 80% of the cash that I have and I am not sure when I can count on this cash with any degree of certainty.  Therefore, I am reluctant to touch this money for at least 6 months.  b) As of right now, I don't have a job after Feb. 28.  The new company deal that Enron is trying to structure with its traders and a new buyer will not be done until the month.  If this deal falls through, then I have to find a job with another company.  In this case, it is most likely that I will have to move back to the US since my contacts and the most lucrative opportunities (i.e. compared the the new Enron deal) are there.  c) If I had the cash to give, Dad asked that I could give you a discount to the bank mortgage.  With discount rates near 5%, even if I gave you a mortgage at 4%, I don't think the monthly interest saving for you would be material enough.  d) I think it is good for you to develop a credit rating with a bank through a mortgage.  It is very beneficial for later on in life.  Paying visa bills does help you a bit in this category, but not like a mortgage.   Hopefully, you can get the financing from a bank.  I think that this is the best solution in the long run. 
 I am interested in a program for myself.  I am 33 years old, have been inactive for 6 months.  I am 6' 1'' and 225 lbs.  I can easily ride 50 km at about 27 km/h on flat terrain.  I would like to lose 15 lbs, improve my speed an definitely improve my hill climbing ability.  I live at 3800 ft altitude and hill climbing is very difficult.  I hit lactate threshold fairly quick.  Thanks 
 yes 
 Its OK  John Zufferli 
 you can increase the direct sale to include Dec 31, 2001  Thank you  John Zufferli 
 You should talk to Jess about that, she is due March 2 but I am not sure when her mom is coming and going.  I would think that the 2 week in march is good though.  Look forward to seeing you tomorrow. 
 Here is the update list that you requested. Mike Cowan, Chris Lambie, Chad Clark, Chris Dorland, Lon Draper Cooper Richey, John Zufferli also needs access to the Nymex EOL website.  Mike Cowan, Chris Lambie, Chad Clark, Chris Dorland need access to US west and east basis markets as well. 
 i am waiting on the conference call and no one is on it yet? 
 nothing new here, when is your flight? have you found any condos yet? 
  In addition to a list of software and systems that is being compiled for th= e Calgary office, all required spreadsheets for the Calgary trading operati= ons (i.e. the sheets that the traders use) has been compiled in "secure on = 'ectcal\calgary'(I:)\Trading\NewCo" 
 Please set up access for the digital certificate under Enron for TAU and I understand that they will have access to report viewing and submissions.  Thank you.  John Zufferli 
  Here is the info for the commercial staff  John Z 
  Enron is willing to perform the operation under question (1) but not (2) and (3) as we have no control over these processes and only have control over process (1). The System Controller can contact Enron Canada Power Corp at the number in your files. 
 I will have 4 books:  CAND-MGMT-BAS for all AECO and DAWN BASIS CAND-MGMT-GD for fixed price AECO and DAWN CAND-MGMT-PR for NYMEX CAND-MGMT-PWR fot Alberta, MID-C, Ontario, NY, NEPOOL, PJM, Cinergy power 
 Nicole and everyone, I think the directory is i:\canadian\energy service\integrated solutions\counterparty talks.xls 
 not yet, rob has been in the court house all day 
 very busy, jess is ok just scared 
 This is a trade with OIL-SPEC-HEDGE-NG (John Lavorato's book) and John Zufferli's book CAND-PWR-PR  CAND-PWR-PR buys from OIL-SPEC-HEDGE-NG Nymex Gas  Cal 03			38,500 MMBtu/day		$3.2978 Cal 04-Cal 05		35,000 MMBtu/day		$3.4482 Cal 06-Cal 10		40,000 MMBtu/day		$3.7369 Cal 11-Cal 15		18,500 MMBtu/Day		$4.2057  Please Confirm Receipt   John Z 
 Some of my position is with the Alberta Term book, I will send you only the positions that I have directly with ENA. 
 2 
 Analyst					Rank  Stephane Brodeur			1 Chad Clark				1 Ian Cooke				3 Lon Draper				1 Fabian Taylor				2 Carlos Torres				3 Ryan Watt				1  Associate  Cooper Richey				1 
 i think the YMCA has a class that is for people recovering from heart-attacks i remeber something about that 
