 October 2000  $1,395,000 November 2000 $1,350,000 December 2000 $1,395,000 January 2001  $   669,600 February 2001  $   604,800 March 2001  $   669,600 April 2001  $   648,000 May 2001  $   669,600 June 2001  $   648,000 July 2001  $   669,600 August 2001  $   669,600 September 2001 $   648,000 October 2001  $   669,600 November 2001 $   648,000 December 2001 $   669,600  This schedule represents a demand charge payable to NBP Energy Pipelines by the Denver desk.  The demand charge is $.18/MMBtu on 250,000 MMBtu/Day (Oct-00 thru Dec-00) and 120,000 MMBtu/Day (Jan-01 thru Dec-01).  The ENA Office of the Chairman has agreed to reimburse the west desk for this expense.  Let me know if you disagree.  Phillip 
 Larry,  It sounds like Claudia and Jacques are almost finished with the documents. There is one item of which I was unsure.  Was an environmental report prepared before the original purchase?  If yes, shouldn't it be listed as an asset of the partnership and your costs be recovered?  Phillip 
 Lucy,  The spreadsheet looks fine to me.  Phillip 
 Bruce,  Thank you for your bid.  I have decided on a floor plan.  I am going to have an architect in Austin draw the plans and help me work up a detailed specification list.  I will send you that detailed plan and spec list when complete for a final bid.  Probably in early to mid June.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is the rentroll from last friday.  The closing was to be this Thursday but it has been delayed until Friday April 20th.  If you can stay on until April 20th that would be helpful.  If you have made other commitments I understand.  Gary is planning to put an A/C in #35.  You can give out my work numer (713) 853-7041  Phillip 
 Thanks for your help. 
 Jed,  Thanks for the response.  Phillip Allen 
 Reagan,  I sent you an email last week stating that I would be in San Marcos on Friday, April 13th.  However, my closing has been postponed.  As I mentioned I am going to have Cary Kipp draw the plans for the residence and I will get back in touch with you once he is finished.  Regarding the multifamily project, I am going to work with a project manager from San Antonio.  For my first development project, I feel more comfortable with their experience obtaining FHA financing.  We are working with Kipp Flores to finalize the floor plans and begin construction drawings.  Your bid for the construction is competive with other construction estimates.  I am still attracted to your firm as the possible builder due to your strong local relationships.  I will get back in touch with you once we have made the final determination on unit mix and site plan.  Phillip Allen 
 Jacques,  The amounts needed to fill in the blanks on Exhibit "B" are as follows:  Kipp Flores-Total Contract was $23,600 but $2,375 was paid and only $21,225 is outstanding.  Kohutek- $2,150  Cuatro- $37,800   George & Larry paid $3,500 for the appraisal and I agreed to reimburse this amount.  The total cash that Keith and I will pay the Sellers is $5,875 ($3,500 appraisal and $2,375 engineering).    I couldn't find any reference to this cash consideration to be paid by the buyers.  Let me know if I need to do anything else before you can forward this to the sellers to be executed.  Phillip 
 Steve,  Thank you for the update.  The need is still great for this disk space.  Phillip 
 John,  Regarding the employment agreement, Mike declined without a counter.  Keith said he would sign for $75K cash/$250 equity.  I still believe Frank should receive the same signing incentives as Keith.  Phillip 
 Thanks for the response.  I think you are right that engaging an architect is the next logical step.  I had already contacted Cary Kipp and sent him the floor plan. He got back to me yesterday with his first draft.  He took my plan and improved it.  I am going to officially engage Cary to draw the plans.  While he works on those I wanted to try and work out a detailed specification list.  Also, I would like to visit a couple of homes that you have built and speak to 1 or 2 satisfied home owners.  I will be in San Marcos on Friday April 13th.  Are there any homes near completion that I could walk through that day?  Also can you provide some references?  Once I have the plans and specs, I will send them to you so you can adjust your bid.  Phillip 
 Do you have a distribution list to send this to all the traders.  Phillip 
 Jacques,  The assets and liabilities that we are willing to assume are listed below:  Assets:  Land Preliminary Architecture Design-Kipp Flores Architects Preliminary Engineering-Cuatro Consultants, Ltd. Soils Study-Kohutek Engineering & Testing, Inc. Appraisal-Atrium Real Estate Services   Liabilities:  Note to Phillip Allen Outstanding Invoices to Kipp Flores, Cuatro, and Kohutek   Additional Consideration or Concessions  Forgive interest due Reimburse $3,500 for appraisal and $2,375 for partial payment to engineer  Let me know if you need more detail.  Phillip 
 My location is eb3210C 
 https://www4.rsweb.com/61045/ 
 Jacques  I am out of the office for the rest of the week.  Have you ever seen anyone miss as much work as I have in the last 6 weeks?  I assure you this is unusual for me. Hopefully we can sign some documents on Monday.  Call me on my cell phone if you need me.  Phillip 
 Reagan,  I am still reviewing the numbers but here are some initial thoughts.  Are you proposing a cost plus contract with no cap?  What role would you play in obtaining financing?  Any experience with FHA 221(d) loans?  Although your fees are lower than George and Larry I am still getting market quotes lower yet.  I have received estimates structured as follows:  5% - onsite expenses, supervision, clean up, equipment 2%- overhead 4%- profit  I just wanted to give you this initial feedback.  I have also attached an extremely primitive spreadsheet to outline the project.  As you can see even reducing the builders fees to the numbers above the project would only generate $219,194 of cash flow for a return of 21%.  I am not thrilled about such a low return.  I think I need to find a way to get the total cost down to $10,500,000 which would boost the return to 31%.  Any ideas?  I realize that you are offering significant development experience plus you local connections.  I am not discounting those services.   I will be out of the office for the rest of the week, but I will call you early next week.  Phillip 
 Cary,  Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.  A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:  There will be a double porch across the back just like the front No dormers (Metal roof) 1/2 bath under stairs Overall dimensions are 55 by 40   What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry. Reagan suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want to keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about bringing the left side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front. That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front porch would be smaller.  I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a builder. I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned my alternative is $0.60/ft.  I thought that since I had a such a detailed sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan allowed.  Phillip Allen 713-853-7041 
 Bob,  I spoke to Jeff.  He said he would not pay anything. I am waiting for John to be in a good mood to ask.  What is plan B?  Phillip 
 Cary,  Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.  A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:  There will be a double porch across the back just like the front No dormers (Metal roof) 1/2 bath under stairs Overall dimensions are 55 by 40   What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.    Reagan suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want to keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about bringing the left side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.  That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front porch would be smaller.  I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a builder. I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned my alternative is $0.60/ft.  I thought that since I had a such a detailed sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan allowed.  Phillip Allen 713-853-7041 
 no problem 
 Reagan,  Thank you for the quick response on the bid for the residence.  Below is a list of questions on the specs:  1.  Is the framing Lumber #2 yellow pine?  Wouldn't fir or spruce warp less and cost about the same?  2.  What type of floor joist would be used?  2x12 or some sort of factory joist?  3.  What type for roof framing?  On site built rafters? or engineered trusses?  4.  Are you planning for insulation between floors to dampen sound?  What type of insulation in floors and ceiling?  Batts or blown?  Fiberglass or Cellulose?  5.  Any ridge venting or other vents (power or turbine)?  6. Did you bid for interior windows to have trim on 4 sides?  I didn't know the difference between an apron and a stool.  7.  Do you do anything special under the upstairs tile floors to prevent cracking?  Double plywood or hardi board underlay?  8.  On the stairs, did you allow for a bannister?  I was thinking a partial one out of iron.  Only about 5 feet.  9.  I did not label it on the plan, but I was intending for a 1/2 bath under the stairs. A pedestal sink would probably work.  10.  Are undermount sinks different than drop ins?  I was thinking undermount stainless in kitchen and undermount cast iron in baths.  11.  1 or 2 A/C units?  I am assuming 2.  12.  Prewired for sound indoors and outdoors?  13.  No door and drawer pulls on any cabinets or just bath cabinets?  14.  Exterior porches included in bid?  Cedar decking on upstairs?  Iron railings?  15.  What type of construction contract would you use?  Fixed price except for change orders?  I want to get painfully detailed with the specs before I make a decision but this is a start.  I think I am ready to get plans drawn up.  I am going to call Cary Kipp to see about setting up a design meeting to see if I like his ideas.  Phillip I 
 Larry,  Jacques has sent a document to Claudia for your review.  Just dropping you a line to confirm that you have seen it.  Phillip 
 Jacques,  Would it be ok if I signed new consulting agreements with the engineer and architect?  They have both sent me agreements.  The only payment that George and Larry had made was $2,350 to the architect.  I have written personal checks in the amounts of $25,000 to the architect and $13,950 to the engineer. I was wondering if the prior work even needs to be listed as an asset of the partnership.  I would like for the agreements with these consultants to be with the partnership not with me.  Should I wait until the partnership has been conveyed to sign in the name of the partnership.  Let me know what you think.  Phillip 
 Greg,  Here are my comments and questions on the cost estimates:  Cost per square foot seem too low for construction $33.30/sf (gross)/$36/sf (rentable)  What do the cost for On-Site General Requirements ( $299,818) represent?  Will you review the builders profit and fees with me again?  You mentioned 2% overhead, 3 %  ???, and 5% profit.  Why is profit only 4%?  Why are the architect fees up to $200K.  I thought they would be $80K.  What is the $617K of profit allowance?  Is that the developers profit to boost loan amount but not a real cost?  Total Closing and Application costs of 350K?  That seems very high?  Who receives the 2 points?  How much will be sunk costs if FHA declines us?  Where is your 1%?  Are you receiving one of the points on the loan?  What is the status on the operating pro forma?  My back of the envelope puts NOI at $877K assuming 625/1BR, 1300/3BR, 950/2BR, 5% vacancy, and 40% expenses.  After debt service that would only leave $122K.  The coverage would only be 1.16.  Talk to you this afternoon.  Phillip 
 Grif,  Please provide a temporary id  Phillip 
 John,  Mike is fine with signing a new contract (subject to reading the terms, of course).  He prefers to set strikes over a 3 month period.  His existing contract pays him a retention payment of $55,000 in the next week.  He still wants to receive this payment.  Phillip 
 Reagan,  Here is a photograhph of the house I have in mind.  Specific features include:  Stained and scored concrete floors downstairs Wood stairs Two story porches on front and rear Granite counters in kitchens and baths Tile floors in upstairs baths Metal roof w/ gutters (No dormers) Cherry or Maple cabinets in kitchen & baths Solid wood interior doors Windows fully trimmed Crown molding in downstairs living areas 2x6 wall on west side  Undecided items include:  Vinyl or Aluminum windows Wood or carpet in upstairs bedrooms and game room Exterior stucco w/ stone apron and window trim  or rough white brick on 3-4 sides   I have faxed you the floor plans.  The dimensions may be to small to read. The overall dimensions are 55' X 40'.  For a total of 4400 sq ft under roof, but only 3800 of livable space after you deduct the garage.  Are there any savings in the simplicity of the design?  It is basically a box with a simple roof line.  Call me if you have any questions. 713-853-7041.  Phillip 
 Greg,  Something that I forgot to ask you.  Do you know if Hugo is planning to replatt using an administrative process which I understand is quicker than the full replatting process of 3 weeks?  Also let me know about the parking.  The builder in San Marcos believed the plan only had 321 parking spots but would require 382 by code.  The townhomes across the street have a serious parking problem.  They probably planned for the students to park in the garages but instead they are used as extra rooms.  Phillip 
 keith holst sent you an email with the details. 
 Jacques,  The agreement looks fine.   My only comment is that George and Larry might object to the language that "the bank that was requested to finance the construction of the project declined to make the loan based on the high costs of the construction of the Project".   Technically, that bank lowered the loan amount based on lower estimates of rents which altered the amount of equity that would be required.  Did I loan them $1,300,000?  I thought it was less.  Regarding Exhibit A, the assets include:  the land, architectural plans, engineering completed, appraisal, and soils study.   Most of these items are in a state of partial completion by the consultants.  I have been speaking directly to the architect, engineer, and soils engineer.   I am unclear on what is the best way to proceed with these consultants.  The obligations should include the fees owed to the consultants above.  Do we need to list balances due or just list the work completed as an asset  and give consideration of $5,875 for the cash paid to the engineer and appraisor.  Phillip 
 Steve,  Try bmckay@enron.com or Brad.McKay@enron.com 
 Larry,  Jacques has been working with Claudia.  I will check his progress this morning and let you know.  Phillip 
 Greg,  just a note to let you know I will be out of the office Wed(3/21) until Thurs(3/23).  The kids are on spring break.  I will be in San Marcos and you can reach me on my cell phone 713-410-4679 or email pallen70@hotmail.com.  I was planning on stopping by to see Hugo Elizondo on Thursday to drop off a check and give him the green light to file for replatting.  What will change if we want to try and complete the project in phases.  Does he need to change what he is going to submit to the city.  I spoke to Gordon Kohutek this morning.  He was contracted to complete the soils study.  He says he will be done with his report by the end of the week.  I don't know who needs this report.  I told Gordon you might call to inquire about what work he performed. His number is 512-930-5832.  We spoke on the phone about most of these issues.  Talk to you later.  Phillip 
 Jacques,  Here is Larry Lewter's response to my request for more documentation to support the $15,000.  As you will read below, it is no longer an issue.  I think that was the last issue to resolve.  Phillip 
 Ina,  Can you help me approve this request?  Phillip 
 Jacques,  Still trying to close the loop on the $15,000 of extensions.  Assuming that it is worked out today or tomorrow, I would like to get whatever documents need to be completed to convey the partnership done.  I need to work with the engineer and architect to get things moving.  I am planning on  writing a personal check to the engineer while I am setting up new accounts.  Let me know if there is a reason I should not do this.  Thanks for all your help so far.  Between your connections and expertise in structuring the loan, you saved us from getting into a bad deal.  Phillip 
 Larrry,  I realize you are disappointed about the project.  It is not my desire for you to be left with out of pocket expenses.  The only item from your list that I need further clarification is the $15,000 worth of extensions.  You mentioned that this was applied to the cost of the land and it actually represents your cash investment in the land.  I agree that you should be refunded any cash investment.  My only request is that you help me locate this amount on the closing statement or on some other document.  Phillip 
 Jacques,  I think we reached an agreement with George and Larry to pick up the items of value and not pay any fees for their time.  It looks as if we will be able to use everything they have done (engineering, architecture, survey, appraisal).  One point that is unclear is they claim that the $15,000 in extensions that they paid was applied to the purchase price of the land like earnest money would be applied.  I looked at the closing statements and I didn't see $15,000 applied against the purchase price.  Can you help clear this up.  Assuming we clear up the $15,000, we need to get the property released. Keith and I are concerned about taking over the Bishop Corner partnership and the risk that there could be undisclosed liabilities.  On the other hand, conveyance of the partnership would be a time and money saver if it was clean.  What is your inclination?  Call as soon as you have a chance to review.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is the rentroll.  My only questions are about #18, #25, and #37 missed rent.  Any special reasons?  It looks like there are five vacancies #2,12,20a,35,40.  If you want to run an ad in the paper with a $50 discount that is fine. I will write you a letter of recommendation.  When do you need it?  You can use me as a reference.  In the next two weeks we should really have a good idea whether the sale is going through.  Phillip 
 I also need to know the base salaries of Jay Reitmeyer and Monique Sanchez. They are doing the same job as Matt. 
 Thanks for the information.  It would be helpful if you would send the detailed worksheet that you mentioned.  I am surprised to hear that the only restricted shares left are the ones granted this January.  I have always elected to defer any distributions of restricted stock.  I believe I selected the minimum amount required to be kept in enron stock (50%).   Are you saying that all the previous grants have fully vested and been distributed to my deferral account?  Thank you for looking into this issue.  Phillip 
 Greg,  The kids are into typical toys and games.  Justin likes power ranger stuff.  Kelsey really likes art.  Books would also be good.  We are spending Christmas in Houston with Heather's sister.  We are planning to come to San Marcos for New Years.  How long will you stay?  what are your plans?  Email me with latest happenings with you in the big city.  keith 
 Lucy,  Somehow my email account lost the rentroll you sent me on Tuesday.  Please resend it and I will roll it for this week this morning.  Phillip 
 Gentlemen,  Today I finally received some information on the status of the work done to date.  I spoke to Hugo Alexandro at Cuatro Consultants.  The property is still in two parcels.  Hugo has completed a platt to combine into one  lot and is ready to submit it to the city of San Marcos.  He has also completed a topographical survey and a tree survey.  In addition, he has begun to coordinate with the city on the replatting and a couple of easements on the smaller parcel, as well as, beginning the work on the grading.  Hugo is going to fax me a written letter of the scope of work he has been engaged to complete.  The total cost of his services are estimated at $38,000 of which $14,000 are due now for work completed.  We are trying to resolve the issues of outstanding work and bills incurred by the original developer so we can obtain the title to the land.  If we can continue to use Cuatro then it would be one less point of contention.  Hugo's number is 512-295-8052.  I thought you might want to contact him directly and ask him some questions.  I spoke to him about the possibility of your call and he was fine with that.  Now we are going to try and determine if any of the work performed by Kipp Flores can be used.  Keith and I appreciate you meeting with us on Sunday.  We left very optimistic about the prospect of working with you on this project.  Call me with feedback after you speak to Hugo or with any other ideas about moving this project forward.  Phillip 
 Here is the buyout spreadsheet again with a slight tweak in the format.  The summary  presents the numbers as only $1400 in concessions. 
 Jacques,  George finally sent me some information.  Please look over his email.  He wants us to buy him out.  Keith and I think this is a joke.  We still need to speak to his engineer and find out about his soil study to determine if it has any value going forward.  I don't believe the architect work will be of any use to us.  I don't think they deserve any compensation for their time due to the fact that intentional or not the project they were proposing was unsupportable by the market.  My version of a buyout is attached.  I need your expert advise.  I am ready to offer my version or threaten to foreclose.  Do they have a case that they are due money for their time? Since their cost and fees didn't hold up versus the market and we didn't execute a contract, I wouldn't think they would stand a chance.  There isn't any time to waste so I want to respond to their offer asap.  Call me with your thoughts.  Phillip 
 George,  I didn't receive the information on work completed or started.  Please send it this morning.  We haven't discussed how to proceed with the land.  The easiest treatment would be just to deed it to us.  However, it might be more advantageous to convey the partnership.  Also, I would like to speak to Hugo today.  I didn't find a Quattro Engineering in Buda.  Can you put me in contact with him.  Talk to you later.  Phillip 
 We linked the file you sent us to telerate and we replace >40000 equals $250 to a 41.67 heat rate.  We applied forward gas prices to historical loads.  I guess this gives us a picture of a low load year and a normal load year. Prices seem low.  Looks like November NP15 is trading above the cap based on Nov 99 loads and current gas prices.  What about a forecast for this November loads.  Let me know what you think.      Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is a rentroll for this week.  What is the outstanding balance on #1.  It looks like 190 + 110(this week)= 300.  I don't think we should make him pay late fees if can't communicate clearly.  #2 still owe deposit?  #9  What day will she pay and is she going to pay monthly or biweekly.  Have a good weekend.  I will talk to you next week.  In about two weeks we should know for sure if these buyers are going to buy the property.  I will keep you informed.  Phillip 
 Please approve Mike Grigsby for Bloomberg.  Thank You, Phillip Allen 
 Darrell,  Today I let the builder/developer know that I would not proceed with his excessively high cost estimates.  As he did not have the funds to take on the land himself, he was agreeable to turning over the land to me.  I would like to proceed and develop the property.  My thought is to compare the financing between Bank One and FHA.  I would also like to compare construction and development services between what you can do and a local builder in San Marcos that I have been speaking with. Making a trip to meet you and take a look at some of your projects seems to be in order.  I am trying to get the status of engineering and architectural work to date.  Once again the architect is Kipp Florres and the engineer is Quattro Consultants out of Buda.  Let me know if you have an opinion about either.  I look forward to working with you.  Talk to you tomorrow.  Phillip 
 Reagan,  Here is the cost estimate and proforma prepared by George and Larry.  I am faxing the site plan, elevation, and floor plans.      Phillip 
 I just refaxed. Please confirm receipt 
 I faxed you the signed amendment. 
 Daryl,  Here is the file that includes the proforma, unit costs, and comps.  This file was prepared by the builder/developer.   The architect that has begun to work on the project is Kipp Flores.  They are in Austin.  Thank you for your time this evening.  Your comments were very helpful.  I appreciate you and Greg taking a look at this project.  Phillip Allen pallen@enron.com 713-853-7041 
 Dexter,  I spoke to our EOL support group and requested a guest id for you.  Did you receive an email with a login and password yesterday? If not, call me and I will find out why not.  Phillip 713-853-7041 
 Al,  I was not going to do the MS this year.  Thanks for the offer though.  All is well here.  We went to Colorado last week and the kids learned to ski.  Work is same as always. How are things going at New Power?  Is there any potential?  Phillip 
 John,  Did you put Frank Hayden up to this?  If this decision is up to me I would= =20 consider authorizing Mike G., Frank E., Keith H. and myself to trade west= =20 power.  What do you think?  Phillip 
 George,  I am back in the office and ready to focus on the project.  I still have the concerns that I had last week.  Specifically that the costs of our project are too high.  I have gathered more information that support my concerns.  Based on my research, I believe the project should cost around $10.5 million.  The components are as follows:  Unit Cost, Site work, & builders profit($52/sf)             $7.6 million  Land                      1.15  Interim Financing               .85  Common Areas                     .80  Total                         $10.4  Since Reagan's last 12 units are selling for around $190,000, I am unable to get comfortable building a larger project at over $95,000/unit in costs.  Also, the comps used in the appraisal from Austin appear to be class A properties.  It seems unlikely that student housing in San Marcos can produce the same rent or sales price.  There should adjustments for location and the seasonal nature of student rental property.  I recognize that Sagewood is currently performing at occupancy and $/foot rental rates that are closer to the appraisal and your pro formas, however, we do not believe that the market will sustain these levels on a permanent basis. Supply will inevitablely increase to drive this market more in balance.  After the real estate expert from Houston reviewed the proforma and cost estimates, his comments were that the appraisal is overly optimistic.  He feels that the permanent financing would potentially be around $9.8 million.  We would not even be able to cover the interim financing.  Keith and I have reviewed the project thoroughly and are in agreement that we cannot proceed with total cost estimates significantly above $10.5 million.   We would like to have a conference call Tuesday afternoon to discuss alternatives.  Phillip 
 George,  I am back in the office and ready to focus on the project.  I still have the concerns that I had last week.  Specifically that the costs of our project are too high.  I have gathered more information that support my concerns. Based on my research, I believe the project should cost around $10.5 million.  The components are as follows:  Unit Cost, Site work, & builders profit($52/sf)   $7.6 million  Land      1.15  Interim Financing     .85  Common Areas       .80  Total     $10.4  Since Reagan's last 12 units are selling for around $190,000, I am unable to get comfortable building a larger project at over $95,000/unit in costs.  Also, the comps used in the appraisal from Austin appear to be class A properties.  It seems unlikely that student housing in San Marcos can produce the same rent or sales price.  There should adjustments for location and the seasonal nature of student rental property.  I recognize that Sagewood is currently performing at occupancy and $/foot rental rates that are closer to the appraisal and your pro formas, however, we do not believe that the market will sustain these levels on a permanent basis.  Supply will inevitablely increase to drive this market more in balance.  After the real estate expert from Houston reviewed the proforma and cost estimates, his comments were that the appraisal is overly optimistic.  He feels that the permanent financing would potentially be around $9.8 million. We would not even be able to cover the interim financing.  Keith and I have reviewed the project thoroughly and are in agreement that we cannot proceed with total cost estimates significantly above $10.5 million. We would like to have a conference call tomorrow to discuss alternatives.  Phillip 
 I have not received the aircard 300 yet.  Phillip 
 Don,  I was out last week.  Regarding the Montana supply, you can refer them to Mark Whitt in Denver.  Let me know when you want to have the other meeting.  Also, we frequently give out quotes to mid-marketers on Fred LaGrasta's desk or Enron marketers in New York where the customer is EES.  I don't understand why your people don't contact the desk directly.  Phillip 
 Please find attached the pro formas for the project in San Marcos.  Thanks again. 
 Lucy,  Here are few questions regarding the 2/16 rentroll:  #2  Has she actually paid the $150 deposit.  Her move in date was 2/6.  It is not on any rentroll that I can see.  #9  Explain again what deposit and rent is transferring from #41 and when she will start paying on #9  #15  Since he has been such a good tenant for so long.  Stop trying to collect the $95 in question.  #33  Missed rent.  Are they still there?  #26  I see that she paid a deposit.  But the file says she moved in on 1/30. Has she ever paid rent?  I can't find any on the last three deposits.  #44  Have the paid for February?  There is no payment since the beginning of the year.  #33  You email said they paid $140 on 1/30 plus $14 in late fees, but I don't see that on the 1/26 or 2/2 deposit?  The last three questions add up to over $1200 in missing rent.  I need you to figure these out immediately.  I emailed you a new file for 2/23 and have attached the last three rentroll in case you need to research these questions.  I will not be in the office next week.  If I can get connected you might be able to email me at pallen70@hotmail.com.  Otherwise try and work with Gary on pressing issues.  If there is an emergency you can call me at 713-410-4679.  Phillip 
 George,  The San Marcos project is sounding very attractive.  I have one other investor in addition to Keith that has interest.  Some additional background information on Larry and yourself would be helpful.  Background Questions:  Please provide a brief personal history of the two principals involved in Creekside.  Please list projects completed during the last 5 years.  Include the project description, investors, business entity,  Please provide the names and numbers of prior investors.  Please provide the names and numbers of several subcontractors used on recent projects.   With regard to the proposed investment structure, I would suggest a couple of changes to better align the risk/reward profile between Creekside and the investors.   Preferable Investment Structure:  Developers guarantee note, not investors.  Preferred rate of return (10%) must be achieved before any profit sharing.  Builder assumes some risk for cost overruns.  Since this project appears so promising, it seems like we should tackle these issues now.  These questions are not intended to be offensive in any way.  It is my desire to build a successful project with Creekside that leads to future opportunities.  I  am happy to provide you with any information that you need to evaluate myself or Keith as a business partner.  Sincerely,  Phillip Allen 
 George,  I can take a day off the week I get back from vacation.  Any day between March 5th-9th would work but Friday or Thursday would be my preference.  Regarding the differences in the two estimates, I don't want to waste your time explaining the differences if the 1st forecast was very rough.  The items I listed moved dramatically.  Also, some of the questions were just clarification of what was in a number.  Let's try and reach an agreement on the construction manager issue tomorrow morning.  Phillip 
 George,  The numbers on your fax don't agree to the first estimate that I am using. Here are the two files I used.       Phillip 
 You can fax it anytime.  But I saved the spreadsheets from the previous estimates.  What will be different in the fax? 
 Tomorrow is fine.  Talk to you then.  Phillip 
 Bob,  Patti Sullivan held together the scheduling group for two months while Randy Gay was on a personal leave.  She displayed a tremendous amount of commitment to the west desk during that time.  She frequently came to work before 4 AM to prepare operations reports.  Patti worked 7 days a week during this time. If long hours were not enough, there was a pipeline explosion during this time which put extra volatility into the market and extra pressure on Patti. She didn't crack and provided much needed info during this time.  Patti is performing the duties of a manager but being paid as a sr. specialist.  Based on her heroic efforts, she deserves a PBR.  Let me know what is an acceptable cash amount.  Phillip 
 John,  Does next Thursday at 3pm fit your schedule to go over the rockies forecasts?  I will set up a room with Kim.  Here are some suggestions for projects for Colleen:  1.  Review and document systems and processes  -   The handoffs from ERMS, TAGG, Unify, Sitara and other systems are not clearly understood by all the parties trying to make improvements.  I think I understand ERMS and TAGG but the issues facing scheduling in Unify are grey.  2.  Review and audit complex deals- Under the "assume it is messed up" policy, existing deals could use a review and the booking of new deals need further      scrutiny.  3.  Review risk books-  Is Enron accurately accounting for physical imbalances, transport fuel, park and loan transactions?  4.  Lead trading track program-  Recruit, oversee rotations, design training courses, review progress and make cuts.  5.  Fundamentals- Liason between trading and analysts.  Are we looking at everything we should?  Putting a person with a trading mentality should add some value and direction to the group.   In fact there is so much work she could do that you probably need a second MD to work part time to get it done.  Phillip 
 The spinning bikes are so much better than the life cycles.  Would you consider placing several spinning bikes out with the other exercise equipment and running a spinning video on the TV's.  I think the equipment would be used much more.  Members could just jump on a bike and follow the video any time of day.  Let me know if this is possible.  Phillip Allen X37041 
 That would we very helpful.  Thanks,  Phillip 
 yes please 
 Jaques,  After meeting with George and Larry, it was clear that we have different definitions of cost and profit.  Their version includes the salary of a superintendent and a junior superintendent as hard costs equivalent to third party subs and materials.  Then there is a layer of "construction management" fees of 10%.  There are some small incidental cost that they listed would be paid out of this money.  But I think the majority of it is profit.  Finally the builders profit of 1.4 million.  Keith and I were not sure whether we would be open to paying the supers out of the cost or having them be paid out of the builders profit.  After all, if they are the builders why does there need to be two additional supervisors? We were definitely not intending to insert an additional 10% fee in addition to the superintendent costs.  George claims that all of these costs have been in the cost estimates that we have been using.  I reviewed the estimates and the superintendents are listed but I don't think the construction management fee is included.  George gave me some contracts that show how these fees are standard.  I will review and let you know what I think.  The GP issues don't seem to be a point of contention.  They are agreeable to the 3 out 4 approval process.  Let me know if you have opinions or sources that I can use to push for  only true costs + 1.4 million.  Phillip 
 George,  Please send the latest cost estimates when you get a chance this morning.  Phillip 
 Andy,  Please assign a user name to Randy Gay.  Thank you,  Phillip 
 Jeanie,  Lavorato called me into his office to question me about my inquiries into part time.  Nice confidentiality.  Since I have already gotten the grief, it would be nice to get some useful information.  What did you find out about part time, leave of absences, and sabbaticals?  My interest is for 2002.  Phillip 
 I would like to have a copy of the appraisal.  See you Monday at 2.  Phillip 
 Andrew,  Here is an asset statement.  I will mail my 98 & 99 Tax returns plus a 2000 W2.  Is this sufficient?    Phillip Allen 713-853-7041 wk 713-463-8626 home 
 Lee,  Can you provide me with a copy of the original loan and a copy of the original appraisal.  My fax number is 713-646-2391  Mailing address: 8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055  Thank you,  Phillip Allen 
 Jeff,  Here is the application from SPB.  I guess they want to use the same form as a new loan application.  I have a call in to Lee O'Donnell to try to find out if there is a shorter form.  What do I need to be providing to the buyer according to the contract.  I was planning on bringing a copy of the survey and a rentroll including deposits on Monday.  Please let me know this morning what else I should be putting together.   Phillip 
 Forward Reg Dickson's resume to Ted Bland for consideration for the trading track program.  He is overqualified and I'm sure too expensive to fill the scheduling position I have available.  I will work with Cournie Parker to evaluate the other resumes.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Thanks for clearing up the 2/2 file.  Moving on to 2/9, here are some questions:     #1 It looks like he just missed 1/26&2/9 of $110.  I can't tell if he still owes $47 on his deposit.  #13 I show she missed rent on 1/26 and still owes $140.  #15 Try and follow up with Tomas about the $95.  Hopefully, he won't have a bad reaction.  #20b Missed rent?  #26  Has she paid any deposit or rent?  #27 Missed rent? 
 Lee,  My fax number is 713-646-2391.  Please fax me a loan application that I can pass on to the buyer.  Phillip Allen pallen@enron.com 713-853-7041 
 Andy,  I spoke to John L. and he ok'd one of each new electronic system for the west desk.  Are there any operational besides ICE and Dynegy?  If not, can you have your assistant call me with id's and passwords.  Thank you,  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is the 2/2 rentroll.  The total does not equal the bank deposit.  Your earlier response answered the questions for #3,11,15,20a, and 35.  But the deposit was $495 more than the rentroll adds up to.  If the answer to this question lies in apartment 1,13, and 14, can you update this file and send it back.  Now I am going to work on a rentroll for this Friday.  I will probably send you some questions about the 2/9 rentroll.  Let's get this stuff clean today.  Phillip 
 no.  I am on msn messenger. 
 Thanks for the website. 
 Colleen,  I checked the transport model and found the following extrinsic values on January 2nd versus February 11:  1/2  2/11  Stanfield to Malin 209  81  SJ/Perm. to Socal 896  251  Sj to Socal  2747  768  PGE/Top to Citygate 51  3  PGE/Top to KRS 16  4  SJ to Valero  916  927   If these numbers are correct, then we haven't increased the extrinsic value since the beginning of the year.  Can you confirm that I am looking at the right numbers?   Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is a draft of a memo we should distribute to the units that are subject to caps.  I wrote it as if it were from you.  It should come from the manager.  It is very important that we tell new tenants what the utility cap for there unit is when they move in.  This needs to be written in on their lease.  When you have to talk to a tenant complaining about the overages emphasize that it is only during the peak months and it is already warming up.  Have my Dad read the memo before you put it out.   You guys can make changes if you need to.      Next week we need to take inventory of all air conditioners and refrigerators.  We have to get this done next week.  I will email you a form to use to record serial numbers.  The prospective buyers want this information plus we need it for our records.  Something to look forward to.  It is 2 PM and I have to leave the office.  Please have my Dad call me with the information about the units at home 713-463-8626.  He will know what I mean.  Talk to you later,  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is the rentroll for this Friday.  Sorry it is so late.    There are a few problems with the rentroll from 2/2.  1.  I know you mentioned the deposit would be 5360.65 which is what the bank is showing, but the rentroll only adds up to 4865.   The missing money on the spreadsheet is probably the answer to my other questions below.  2.  #1 Did he pay the rent he missed on 1/26?  3.  #3 Did he miss rent on 1/26 and 2/2?  4.  #11 Missed on 2/2?  5.  #13 Missed on 1/26?  6.  #14  missed on 2/2?  7.  #15 missed on 2/2 and has not paid the 95 from 1/19?  8.  #20a missed on 2/2?  9.  #35 missed on 2/2?  My guess is some of these were paid but not recorded on the 2/2 rentroll. You may have sent me a message over the "chat" line that I don't remember on some of these.  I just want to get the final rentroll to tie exactly to the bank deposit.  Will have some time today to work on a utility letter.  Tried to call Wade last night at 5:30 but couldn't reach him.  Will try again today.  I believe that a doctor from Seguin is going to make an offer.  Did you meet them?  If so, what did you think?  Phillip 
 I will email you an updated operating statement with Nov and Dec tomorrow morning.  What did the seguin doctor think of the place.  How much could I get the stagecoach appraised for?  Do you still do appraisals?  Could it be valued on an 11 or 12 cap? 
 Jacques,  Can you draft the partnership agreement and the construction contract?  The key business points are:  1.  Investment is a loan with prime + 1% rate  2.  Construction contract is cost plus $1.4 Million  3.  The investors' loan is repaid before any construction profit is paid.  4.  All parties are GP's but 3 out 4 votes needed for major decisions?  5.  60/40 split favoring the investors.  With regard to the construction contract, we are concerned about getting a solid line by line cost estimate and clearly defining what constitutes costs.  Then we need a mechanism to track the actual expenses.  Keith and I would like to oversee the bookkeeping.  The builders would be requred to fax all invoices within 48 hours.  We also would want online access to the checking account of the partnership so we could see if checks were clearing but invoices were not being submitted.  Let me know if you can draft these agreements.  The GP issue may need some tweaking.  Phillip Allen 713-853-7041 pallen@enron.com 
 Send it to Ina Rangel she can forward it to appropriate traders.  There are too many to list individually 
 Jeff,  My target is to get $225 back out of the stage.  Therefore, I could take a sales price of $740K and carry a second note of $210K.  This would still only require $75K cash from the buyer.  After broker fees and a title policy, I would net around $20K cash.  You can go ahead and negotiate with the buyer and strike the deal at $740 or higher with the terms described in the 1st email.  Do you want to give the New Braunfels buyer a quick look at the deal.   Phillip 
 Jeff,  I am not willing to guarantee to refinance the 1st lien on the stage in 4 years and drop the rate on both notes at that point to 8%.  There are several reasons that I won't commit to this.  Exposure to interest fluctuations, the large cash reserves needed, and the limited financial resources of the buyer are the three biggest concerns.  What I am willing to do is lower the second note to 8% amortized over the buyers choice of terms up to 30 years.  The existing note does not come due until September 2009.  That is a long time.  The buyer may have sold the property.  Interest rates may be lower.  I am bending over backwards to make the deal work with such an attractive second note.  Guaranteeing to refinance is pushing too far.  Can you clarify the dates in the contract.  Is the effective date the day the earnest money is receipted or is it once the feasibility study is complete?  Hopefully the buyer can live with these terms.  I got your fax from the New Braunfels buyer.  If we can't come to terms with the first buyer I will get started on the list.  Email or call  me later today.  Phillip 
 Susan,  Raised your issue to Sally Beck.  Larry is going to spend time with you to see if he can live without any reports.  Also some IT help should be on the way.  Phillip 
 Bob,  Regarding Patti Sullivan's contributions to the west desk this year, her efforts deserve recognition and a PBR award.  Patti stepped up to fill the gap left by Randy Gay's personal leave.  Patti held together the scheduling group for about 2 month's by working 7days a week during this time.  Patti was always the first one in the office during this time.  Frequently, she would be at work before 4 AM to prepare the daily operation package.  All the traders came to depend on the information Patti provided.   This information has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size of the west desk positions. Please call to discuss cash award.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Please fix #41 balance by deleting the $550 in the "Rent Due" column.  The other questions I had about last week's rent are:  #15  Only paid 95 of their 190 on 1/19 then paid nothing on 1/26.  What is going on?  #25  Looks like she was short by 35 and still owes a little on deposit  #27 Switched to weekly, but paid nothing this week.  Why?  I spoke to Jeff Smith.  I think he was surprised that we were set up with email and MSN Messenger.  He was not trying to insult you.  I let Jeff know that he should try and meet the prospective buyers when they come to see the property.  Occasionally, a buyer might stop buy without Jeff and you can show them around and let them know what a nice quiet well maintained place it is.  Regarding the raise,  $260/week plus the apartment is all I can pay right now.  I increased your pay last year very quickly so you could make ends meet but I think your wages equate to $10/hr and that is fair.  As Gary and Wade continue to improve the property, I need you to try and improve the property's tenants and reputation.  The apartments are looking better and better, yet the turnover seems to be increasing.  Remember that as a manager you need to set the example for the tenants.  It is hard to tell tenants that they are not supposed to have extra people move in that are not on the lease, when the manager has a houseful of guests.  I realize you have had a lot of issues with taking your son to the doctor and your daughter being a teenager, but you need to put in 40 hours and be working in the office or on the property during office unless you are running an errand for the property.  I am not upset that you asked for a raise, but the answer is no at this time.  We can look at again later in the year.  I will talk to you later or you can email or call over the weekend.  Phillip 
 I would like to go to this meeting.  Can you arrange it? 
 Susan hours are out of hand.  We need to find a solution.  Let's meet on Monday to assess the issue  Phillip 
 Got your email.  I will let Jacques know.  I guess we can work out the finer points next week.  The bank here in Houston is dealing with their auditors this week, so unfortunately I did not hear from them this week.  The are promising to have some feedback by Monday.  I will let you know as soon as I hear from them.  Phillip 
 George,  The probability of building a house this year is increasing.  I have shifted to a slightly different plan.  There were too many design items that I could not work out in the plan we discussed previously.  Now, I am leaning more towards a plan with two wings and a covered courtyard in the center.  One wing would have a living/dining kitchen plus master bedroom downstairs with 3 kid bedrooms + a laundry room upstairs.  The other wing would have a garage + guestroom downstairs with a game room + office/exercise room upstairs.  This plan still has the same number of rooms as the other plan but with the courtyard and pool in the center this plan should promote more outdoor living.  I am planning to orient the house so that the garage faces the west. The center courtyard would be covered with a metal roof with some fiberglass skylights supported by metal posts.  I am envisioning the two wings to have single slope roofs that are not connected to the center building.  I don't know if you can imagine the house I am trying to describe.  I would like to come and visit you again this month.  If it would work for you, I would like to drive up on Sunday afternoon on Feb. 18 around 2 or 3 pm.  I would like to see the progress on the house we looked at and tour the one we didn't have time for.  I can bring more detailed drawings of my new plan.  Call or email to let me know if this would work for you. pallen70@hotmail.com or 713-463-8626(home), 713-853-7041(work)   Phillip Allen   PS.  Channel 2 in Houston ran a story yesterday (Feb. 2) about a home in Kingwood that had a poisonous strain of mold growing in the walls.  You should try their website or call the station to get the full story.  It would makes a good case for breathable walls. 
 8500?????  That's twice as valuable as your car!  Can't you get a used one for $3000? 
 Nice.  how much?  Are you trying to keep the economy going? 
 Testing.  Sell low and buy high 
 Richard,  Are you available at 5:30 ET today?  Phillip 
 Jeff,  Before you write off the stage, a few things to think about.  1.  Operating expenses include $22,000 of materials for maintenance and repairs.  Plus having a full time onsite maintenance man means no extra labor cost for repairs.  There are only 44 units a lot of his time is spent on repairs.  2.  What is an outside management firm going to do?  A full time onsite manager is all that is required.  As I mentioned the prior manager has interest in returning.  Another alternative would be to hire a male manager that could do more make readies and lawn care.  If you turn it over to a management company you could surely reduce the cost of a full time manager onsite.  3.  Considering #1 & #2 $115,000 NOI is not necessarily overstated.  If you want to be ultra conservative use $100,000 at the lowest.  4.  Getting cash out is not a priority to me.  So I am willing to structure this deal with minimum cash.  A 10% note actually attractive. See below.  My job just doesn't give me the time to manage this property.  This property definitely requires some time but it has the return to justify the effort.   Sales Price  705,000  1st Lien   473,500  2nd Lien  225,000  Transfer fee    7,500  Cash required   14,500   NOI   100,000  1st Lien    47,292  2nd Lien   23,694  Cash flow  29,014  Cash on cash  200%   These numbers are using the conservative NOI, if it comes in at $115K then cash on cash return would be more like 300%.   This doesn't reflect the additional profit opportunity of selling the property in the next few years for a higher price.  Do you want to reconsider?  Let me know.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  What is the latest?  Write me a note about what is going on and what issues you need my help to deal with when you send the rentroll.  Phillip 
 George,  Keith and I are reviewing your proposal.  We will send you a response by this evening.  Phillip 
 Jeff,  That is good news about Leander.  Now for the stage.  I would like to get it sold by the end of March.   I have about $225K invested in the stagecoach, it looks like I need to get around $745K to breakeven.  I don't need the cash out right now so if I could get a personal guarantee and Jaques Craig can work out the partnership transfer, I would definitely be willing to carry a second lien.  I understand second liens are going for 10%-12%. Checkout this spreadsheet.      These numbers should get the place sold in the next fifteen minutes. However,  I am very concerned about the way it is being shown.  Having Lucy show it is not a good idea.  I need you to meet the buyers and take some trips over to get more familar with the property.  My dad doesn't have the time and I don't trust Lucy or Wade to show it correctly.  I would prefer for you to show it from now on.  I will have the operating statements complete through December by this Friday.   Phillip 
 George,  We should hear from the bank in Houston on Monday.  The best numbers and times to reach me:  work 713-853-7041 fax 713-464-2391 cell 713-410-4679 home 713-463-8626 pallen70@hotmail.com (home) pallen@enron.com (work)  I am usually at work M-F 7am-5:30pm.  Otherwise try me at home then on my cell.  Keiths numbers are:  work 713-853-7069 fax 713-464-2391 cell 713-502-9402 home 713-667-5889 kholst@enron.com  Phillip 
 Dexter,  You should receive a guest id shortly.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is a final 12/01 rentroll for you to save.  My only questions are:  1.  Neil Moreno in #21-he paid $120 on 11/24, but did not pay anything on 12/01.  Even if he wants to swich to bi-weekly, he needs to pay at the beginning of the two week period.  What is going on?  2.  Gilbert in #27-is he just late?   Here is a file for 12/08. 
 Jed,  I understand you have been contacted regarding a telephone interview to discuss trading opportunities at  Enron.  I am sending you this message to schedule the interview.  Please call or email me with a time that would be convenient for you.  I look forward to speaking with you.  Phillip Allen West Gas Trading pallen@enron.com 713-853-7041 
 Griff,  Can you accomodate Dexter as we have in the past.  This has been very helpful in establishing a fair index at Socal Border.  Phillip  Please cc me on the email with a guest password.  The sooner the better as bidweek is underway. 
 Patti,  This sounds like an opportunity to land a couple of analyst to fill the gaps in scheduling.  Remember their rotations last for one year.  Do you want to be an interviewer?  Phillip 
 Nick,  There is a specific program that we are using to recruit, train, and mentor new traders on the gas and power desks.    The trading track program is being coordinated by Ted Bland.  I have forwarded him your resume.  Give him a call and he will fill you in on the details of the program.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  #32 and #29 are fine.  #28 paid weekly on 1/5.  Then he switched to biweekly.  He should have paid 260 on 1/12.  Two weeks rent in advance.  Instead he paid 260 on 1/19.  He either needs to get back on schedule or let him know he is paying in the middle of his two weeks.  He is only paid one week in advance.  This is not a big deal, but you should be clear with tenants that rent is due in advance.  Here is an updated rentroll.  Please use this one instead of the one I sent you this morning.  Finally, can you fax me the application and lease from #9.    Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is a rentroll for this week.  I still have questions on #28,#29, and #32. 
 Larry,  I met with a banker that is interested in financing the project.  They need the following:  Financial statements plus last two years tax returns. Builders resume listing similar projects  The banker indicated he could pull together a proposal by Friday.  If we are interested in his loan, he would want to  come see the site. If you want to overnight me the documents, I will pass them along.   You can send them to my home or office (1400 Smith, EB3210B, Houston, TX 77002).  The broker is Jim Murnan.  His number is 713-781-5810, if you want to call him and send the documents to him directly.  It sounds like the attorneys are drafting the framework of the partnership agreement.  I would like to nail down the outstanding business points as soon as possible.  Please email or call with  an update.   Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here are the actual utility bills versus the cap.  Did we collect these overages?  Let's discuss further?  Remember these bills were paid in July and August.  The usage dates are much earlier.  I have the bills but I can get them to you if need be.  Philip 
 By STEVE EVERLY - The Kansas City Star Date: 01/20/01 22:15  As natural gas prices rose in December, traders at the New York Mercantile Exchange kept one eye on the weather forecast and another on a weekly gas storage number.  The storage figures showed utilities withdrawing huge amounts of gas, and the forecast was for frigid weather. Traders put the two together, anticipated a supply crunch and drove gas prices to record heights.  "Traders do that all the time; they're looking forward," said William Burson, a trader. "It makes the market for natural gas."  But the market's response perplexed Chris McGill, the American Gas Association's director of gas supply and transportation. He had compiled the storage numbers since they were first published in 1994, and in his view the numbers were being misinterpreted to show a situation far bleaker than reality.  "It's a little frustrating that they don't take the time to understand what we are reporting," McGill said.  As consumer outrage builds over high heating bills, the hunt for reasons -- and culprits -- is on. Some within the natural gas industry are pointing fingers at Wall Street.  Stephen Adik, senior vice president of the Indiana utility NiSource, recently stepped before an industry conference and blamed the market's speculators for the rise in gas prices.  "It's my firm belief ... that today's gas prices are being manipulated," Adik told the trade magazine Public Utilities Fortnightly.  In California, where natural gas spikes have contributed to an electric utility crisis, six investigations are looking into the power industry.  Closer to home, observers note that utilities and regulators share the blame for this winter's startling gas bills, having failed to protect their customers and constituents from such price spikes.  Most utilities, often with the acquiescence of regulators, failed to take precautions such as fixed-rate contracts and hedging -- a sort of price insurance -- that could have protected their customers by locking in gas prices before they soared.  "We're passing on our gas costs, which we have no control over," said Paul Snider, a spokesman for Missouri Gas Energy.  But critics say the utilities shirked their responsibility to customers.  "There's been a failure of risk management by utilities, and that needs to change," said Ed Krapels, director of gas power services for Energy Security Analysis Inc., an energy consulting firm in Wakefield, Mass.   Hot topic  Consumers know one thing for certain: Their heating bills are up sharply. In many circles, little else is discussed.  The Rev. Vincent Fraser of Glad Tidings Assembly of God in Kansas City is facing a $1,456 December bill for heating the church -- more than double the previous December's bill. Church members are suffering from higher bills as well.  The Sunday collection is down, said Fraser, who might have to forgo part of his salary. For the first time, the church is unable to meet its financial pledge to overseas missionaries because the money is going to heating.  "It's the talk of the town here," he said.  A year ago that wasn't a fear. Wholesale gas prices hovered just above $2 per thousand cubic feet -- a level that producers say didn't make it worthwhile to drill for gas. Utilities were even cutting the gas prices paid by customers.  But trouble was brewing. By spring, gas prices were hitting $4 per thousand cubic feet, just as utilities were beginning to buy gas to put into storage for winter.  There was a dip in the fall, but then prices rebounded. By early November, prices were at $5 per thousand cubic feet. The federal Energy Information Administration was predicting sufficient but tight gas supplies and heating bills that would be 30 percent to 40 percent higher.  But $10 gas was coming. Below-normal temperatures hit much of the country, including the Kansas City area, and fears about tight supplies roiled the gas markets.  "It's all about the weather," said Krapels of Energy Security Analysis.  Wholesale prices exploded to $10 per thousand cubic feet, led by the New York traders. Natural gas sealed its reputation as the most price-volatile commodity in the world.   Setting the price  In the 1980s, the federal government took the caps off the wellhead price of gas, allowing it to float. In 1990, the New York Mercantile began trading contracts for future delivery of natural gas, and that market soon had widespread influence over gas prices.  The futures contracts are bought and sold for delivery of natural gas as soon as next month or as far ahead as three years. Suppliers can lock in sale prices for the gas they expect to produce. And big gas consumers, from utilities to companies such as Farmland Industries Inc., can lock in what they pay for the gas they expect to use.  There are also speculators who trade the futures contracts with no intention of actually buying or selling the gas -- and often with little real knowledge of natural gas.  But if they get on the right side of a price trend, traders don't need to know much about gas -- or whatever commodity they're trading. Like all futures, the gas contracts are purchased on credit. That leverage adds to their volatility and to the traders' ability to make or lose a lot of money in a short time.  As December began, the price of natural gas on the futures market was less than $7 per thousand cubic feet. By the end of the month it was nearly $10. Much of the spark for the rally came from the American Gas Association's weekly storage numbers.  Utilities buy ahead and store as much as 50 percent of the gas they expect to need in the winter.  Going into the winter, the storage levels were about 5 percent less than average, in part because some utilities were holding off on purchasing, in hopes that the summer's unusually high $4 to $5 prices would drop.  Still, the American Gas Association offered assurances that supplies would be sufficient. But when below-normal temperatures arrived in November, the concerns increased among traders that supplies could be insufficient.  Then the American Gas Association reported the lowest year-end storage numbers since they were first published in 1994. Still, said the association's McGill, there was sufficient gas in storage.  But some utility executives didn't share that view. William Eliason, vice president of Kansas Gas Service, said that if December's cold snap had continued into January, there could have been a real problem meeting demand.  "I was getting worried," he said.  Then suddenly the market turned when January's weather turned warmer. Wednesday's storage numbers were better than expected, and futures prices dropped more than $1 per thousand cubic feet.   Just passing through  Some utilities said there was little else to do about the price increase but pass their fuel costs on to customers.  Among area utilities, Kansas Gas Service increased its customers' cost-of-gas charge earlier this month to $8.68 per thousand cubic feet. And Missouri Gas Energy has requested an increase to $9.81, to begin Wednesday.  Sheila Lumpe, chairwoman of the Missouri Public Service Commission, said last month that because utilities passed along their wholesale costs, little could be done besides urging consumers to join a level-payment plan and to conserve energy.  Kansas Gas Service had a small hedging program in place, which is expected to save an average customer about $25 this winter.  Missouri Gas Energy has no hedging program. It waited until fall to seek an extension of the program and then decided to pass when regulators would not guarantee that it could recover its hedging costs.  Now utilities are being asked to justify the decisions that have left customers with such high gas bills. And regulators are being asked whether they should abandon the practice of letting utilities pass along their fuel costs.  On Friday, Doug Micheel, senior counsel of the Missouri Office of the Public Counsel, said his office would ask the Missouri Public Service Commission to perform an emergency audit of Missouri Gas Energy's gas purchasing practices.  "Consumers are taking all the risk," Micheel said. "It's time to consider some changes."   To reach Steve Everly, call (816) 234-4455 or send e-mail to severly@kcstar.com.    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -- All content , 2001 The Kansas City Star 
 message board 
 need help. 
 Jeff,  Here is a recent rentroll.  I understand another looker went to the property.  I want to hear the feedback no matter how discouraging. I am in Portland for the rest of the week.  You can reach me on my cell phone 713-410-4679.  My understanding was that you would be overnighting some closing statements for Leander on Friday.  Please send them to my house (8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055).  Call me if necessary.  Phillip 
 Larry,  The wire should go out today.  I am in Portland but can be reached by cell phone 713-410-4679.  Call me if there are any issues.  I will place a call to my attorney to check on the loan agreement.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Why did so many tenants not pay this week?  #12 95 #21 240 #27 120 #28 260 #33 260  Total 975  It seems these apartments just missed rent.  What is up?  Other questions:  #9-Why didn't they pay anything?  By my records, they still owe $40 plus rent should have been due on 12/12 of $220.  #3-Why did they short pay? 
 Kristin,  Thank you for the California update.  Please continue to include me in all further intellegence reports regarding the situation in California.  Phillip 
 Andrea,  Please resend the first three resumes.  Phillip 
 Bob,  Any time tomorrow between 10 am and 1 pm would be good for looking at the plans.  As far as the TV's, what do you need me to do?  Do we need plasma screens or would regular monitors be just as good at a fraction of the cost.  Phillip 
 Jim,  Here are the key gas contacts.  Work   Home   Cell  Phillip Allen  X37041   713-463-8626  713-410-4679  Mike Grigsby  X37031   713-780-1022  713-408-6256  Keith Holst  X37069   713-667-5889  713-502-9402   Please call me with any significant developments.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  The apartments that have new tenants since December 15th are: 1,2,8,12,13,16,20a,20b,25,32,38,39.  Are we running an apartment complex or a motel?  Please update all lease information on the 1/12 rentroll and email it to me this afternoon.  Phillip 
 Larry,  Do you want the loan and wire amount to be for exactly $1.1 million.  Phillip 
 Thanks for representing Matt.  Phillip 
 George,  Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders profit.  Check my math, but it looks like all the builders profit would be recouped in the first year of operation.  At permanent financing $1.1 would be paid, leaving only .3 to pay out in the 1st year.    Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the investment, I feel the 65/35 is a fair split.  However, as I mentioned earlier, I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as part of the construction contract.  Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look like here are a few ideas:  1.  Fixed construction profit of $1.4 million.  Builder doesn't benefit from higher cost, rather suffers as an equity holder.  2.  +5% equity for meeting time and costs in original plan ($51/sq ft, phase 1 complete in November) +5% equity for under budget and ahead of schedule -5% equity for over budget and behind schedule  This way if things go according to plan the final split would be 60/40, but could be as favorable as 55/45.  I realize that what is budget and schedule must be discussed and agreed upon.  Feel free to call me at home (713)463-8626   Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is a schedule of the most recent utility bills and the overages.  There are alot of overages.  It will probably get worse this month because of all the cold weather.  You need to be very clear with all new tenants about the electricity cap. This needs to be handwritten on all new leases.  I am going to fax you copies of the bills that support this spreadsheet.  We also need to write a short letter remind everyone about the cap and the need to conserve energy if they don't want to exceed their cap.  I will write something today.    Wait until you have copies of the bills and the letter before you start collecting.  Phillip 
 We do not understand our VAR.  Can you please get us all the detailed reports and component VAR reports that you can produce?  The sooner the better.  Phillip 
 test successful.  way to go!!! 
 Ted,  Andrea in the analysts pool asked me to fill out this request.  Can you help expedite this process?   Phillip 
 Frank,  Did you receive the information about the San Marcos apartments.  I have left several messages at your office to follow up.  You mentioned that your plate was fairly full.  Are you too busy to look at this project?  As I mentioned I would be interested in speaking to you as an advisor or at least a sounding board for the key issues.  Please email or call.  Phillip Allen pallen@enron.com 713-853-7041 
 Questions about 12/29 rentroll:  There were two deposits that were not labeled.  One for $150 and the other for $75.  Which apartments?  20a or #13?  Utility overages for #26 and #44?  Where did you get these amounts?  For what periods?   What is going on with #42.   Do not evict this tenant for being unclean!!! That will just create an apartment that we will have to spend a lot of money and time remodeling.  I would rather try and deal with this tenant by first asking them to clean their apartment and fixing anything that is wrong like leaky pipes.  If that doesn't work, we should tell them we will clean the apartment and charge them for the labor.  Then we will perform monthly inspections to ensure they are not damaging the property.  This tenant has been here since September 1998, I don't want to run them off.  I check with the bank and I did not see that a deposit was made on Tuesday so I couldn't check the total from the rentroll against the bank.  Is this right?  Has the deposit been made yet?   A rentroll for Jan 5th will follow shortly.  Phillip 
 cannot open this file. Please send in different format 
 I can't open a winmail.dat file.  can you send in a different format 
 Trading Profits  P. Allen  200 M. Grigsby 463 Rest of Desk 282  Total  945    I view my bonus as partly attributable to my own trading and partly to the group's performance.  Here are my thoughts.    Minimum  Market   Maximum  Cash  2 MM   4 MM   6 MM Equity  2 MM   4 MM   6 MM   Here are Mike's numbers.  I have not made any adjustments to them.   Minimum  Market   Maximum  Cash  2 MM   3 MM   4 MM Equity  4 MM   7 MM   12 MM   I have given him an "expectations" speech, but you might do the same at some point.  Phillip 
 Gentlemen,  I continue to speak to an attorney for help with the investment structure and a mortgage broker for help with the financing.  Regarding the financing, I am working with Jim Murnan at Pinnacle Mortgage here in Houston.  I have sent him some information on the project, but he needs financial information on you.  Can you please send it to him.  His contact information is:  phone (713)781-5810, fax (713)781-6614, and email jim123@pdq.net.  I know Larry has been working with a bank and they need my information.  I hope to pull that together this afternoon.  I took the liberty of calling Thomas Reames from the Frog Pond document.  He was positive about his experience overall.  He did not seem pleased with the bookkeeping or information flow to the investor.  I think we should discuss these procedures in advance.  Let's continue to speak or email frequently as new developments occur.  Phillip 
 1. login:  pallen pw: ke9davis  I don't think these are required by the ISP  2.  static IP address  IP: 64.216.90.105 Sub: 255.255.255.248 gate: 64.216.90.110 DNS: 151.164.1.8  3.  Company: 0413 RC:  105891 
 Jim,  I would appreciate your help in locating financing for the project I described to you last week.  The project is a 134 unit apartment complex in San Marcos.  There will be a builder/developer plus myself and possibly a couple of other investors involved.  As I mentioned last week, I would like to find interim financing (land, construction, semi-perm) that does not require the investors to personally guarantee.  If there is a creative way to structure the deal, I would like to hear your suggestions.  One idea that has been mentioned is to obtain a "forward commitment" in order to reduce the equity required.  I would also appreciate hearing from you how deals of this nature are normally financed.  Specifically, the transition from interim to permanent financing.  I could use a quick lesson in what numbers will be important to banks.  I am faxing you a project summary.  And I will have the builder/developer email or fax his financial statement to you.  Let me know what else you need.  The land is scheduled to close mid January.   Phillip Allen 
 Jeff,  Everything should be done for closing on the Leander deal on the 29th.  I have fed ex'd the closing statements and set up a wire transfer to go out tomorrow.    When will more money be required?  Escrow for roads?  Utility connections?  Other rezoning costs?  What about property taxes?  The burnet land lost its ag exemption while I owned it.  Are there steps we can take to hold on to the exemption on this property?  Can you explain the risks and likelihood of any rollback taxes once the property is rezoned?  Do we need to find a farmer and give him grazing rights?  What are the important dates coming up and general status of rezoning and annexing?  I am worried about the whole country slipping into a recession and American Multifamily walking on this deal.  So I just want to make sure we are pushing the process as fast as we can.  Phillip 
 Steve,   I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail.  If you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626.          As far as recommendations, here is a short list:  1.  Examine LDC's incentive rate program.  Current methodology rewards sales above monthly index without enough consideration of future replacement cost.  The result is that the LDC's sell gas that should be injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index. This creates a shortage in later months.  2.  California has the storage capacity and pipeline capacity to meet demand.  Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally. Specific questions should include:  1.  Why in March '00-May '00  weren't total system receipts higher in order to fill storage?  2.  Why are there so many examples of OFO's on weekends that push away too much gas from Socal's system. I believe Socal gas does an extremely poor job of forecasting their own demand.  They repeatedly estimated they would receive       more gas than their injection capablity, but injected far less.  3.  Similar to the power market,  there is too much benchmarking to short term prices.  Not enough forward hedging is done by the major LDCs.  By design the customers are short at a floating rate.  This market has been long historically.  It has been a buyers market and the consumer has benefitted.   Call me if you need any more input.   Phillip 
 Monique Sanchez  Jay Reitmeyer  Randy Gay  Matt Lenhart 
 John,  Here is our North of Stanfield forecast for Jan.   Supply    Jan '01   Dec '00   Jan '00  Sumas   900   910   815 Jackson Pr.  125    33   223 Roosevelt  300   298   333  Total Supply  1325   1241   1371  Demand North of Chehalis 675   665   665 South of Chehalis 650   575   706  Total Demand  1325   1240   1371  Roosevelt capacity is 495.  Let me know how your forecast differs.   Phillip 
 Please assign global id's to the four junior traders listed on Dawn's original email.  The are all trading and need to have unique id's.  Thank you 
 Received the fax.  Thank you.  I might have to sell the QQQ and take the loss for taxes.  But I would roll right into a basket of individual technology stocks.  I think I mentioned this to you previously that I have decided to use this account for the kids college. 
 Fax number 713-646-2391 
 PLEASE APPROVE HIM FOR THIS.  PHILLIP WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET INTO HIS EMAIL SYSTEM TO DO THIS. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, OR PROBLEMS, PLEASE CALL ME AT  X3-7257.  THANK YOU.  INA.  IF THIS IS A PROBLEM TO DO IT THIS WAY PLEASE CALL ME AND I WILL WALK PHILLIP THROUGH THE STEPS TO APPROVE.  IF YOU CALL HIM, HE WILL DIRECT IT TO ME ANYWAY. 
 George & Larry,   If possible,  I would like to get together in Columbus as Larry suggested. Thursday afternoon is the only day that really works for me. Let me know if that would work for you.  I was thinking around 2  or 2:30 pm.  I will try to email you any questions I have from the latest proforma tomorrow.   Phillip 
 Jeff,  Hear is a new NOI file.  I have added an operating statement for 1999 (partial year).    I will try to email you some photos soon.  Phillip 
 Jeff,  The files attached contain a current rentroll, 2000 operating statement, and a proforma operating statement. 
 Yes. Trading reports to Whalley.  He is Lavorato's boss. 
 Larry,  10 AM tomorrow is good for me.  If you want to email me anything tonight, please use pallen70@hotmail.com.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  I want to get the lease data and tenant data updated.  The critical information is  1.  Move in or lease start date 2.  Lease expiration date 3.  Rent 4.  Deposit  If you have the info you can fill in these items  1.  Number of occupants 2.  Workplace   All the new leases should be the long form.    The apartments that have new tenants since these columns have been updated back in October are  #3,5,9,11,12,17,21,22,23,25,28,33,38.   I really need to get this by tomorrow.  Please use the rentroll_1215 file to input the correct information on all these tenants.  And email it to me tomorrow.  You should have all this information on their leases and applications.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  Here is a new file for 12/15.     For the rentroll for 12/08 here are my questions:  #23 & #24 did not pay.  Just late or moving?  #25 & #33 Both paid 130 on 12/01 and $0 on 12/08.  What is the deal?  #11  Looks like she is caught up.  When is she due again?   Please email the answers.  Phillip 
 Yes you can use this chart.  Does it make sense? 
 Mr. Buckner,  For delivered gas behind San Diego, Enron Energy Services is the appropriate Enron entity.  I have forwarded your request to Zarin Imam at EES.  Her phone number is 713-853-7107.  Phillip Allen 
 Lucy,  Here are the rentrolls:    Open them and save in the rentroll folder.  Follow these steps so you don't misplace these files.  1.  Click on Save As 2.  Click on the drop down triangle under Save in: 3.  Click on the  (C): drive 4.  Click on the appropriate folder 5.  Click on Save:  Phillip 
 Dave,  Here are the names of the west desk members by category.  The origination side is very sparse.      Phillip 
 Paula,  35 million is fine  Phillip 
 Brenda,  Please use the second check as the October payment.  If you have already tossed it, let me know so I can mail you another.  Phillip 
 I think Fletch has a good CPA.  I am still doing my own. 
 Brenda,  Please use the second check as my October payment.  I have my copy of the original deal.  Do you want me to fax this to you?  Phillip 
 raincheck? 
 Liane,  As we discussed yesterday, I am concerned there has been an attempt to manipulate the  El Paso San Juan monthly index.  A single buyer entered the marketplace on both September 26 and 27 and paid above market prices ($4.70-$4.80) for San Juan gas with the intent to distort the index.  At the time of these trades, offers for physical gas at significantly (10 to 15 cents) lower prices were bypassed in order to establish higher trades to report into the index calculation.  Additionally, these trades are out of line with the associated financial swaps for San Juan.  We have compiled a list of financial and physical trades executed from September 25 to September 27.  These are the complete list of trades from Enron Online (EOL), Enron's direct phone conversations, and three brokerage firms (Amerex, APB, and Prebon).  Please see the attached spreadsheet for a trade by trade list and a summary.  We have also included a summary of gas daily prices to illustrate the value of San Juan based on several spread relationships.  The two key points from this data are as follows:  1.  The high physical prices on the 26th & 27th (4.75,4,80) are much greater than the high financial trades (4.6375,4.665) on those days.  2.  The spread relationship between San Juan and other points (Socal & Northwest)  is  consistent between the end of September and October gas daily.  It doesn't make sense to have monthly indeces that are dramatically different.   I understand you review the trades submitted for outliers.  Hopefully, the trades submitted will reveal counterparty names and you will be able to determine that there was only one buyer in the 4.70's and these trades are outliers.  I wanted to give you some additional points of reference to aid in establishing a reasonable index.  It is Enron's belief that the trades at $4.70 and higher  were above market trades that should be excluded from the calculation of index.  It is our desire to have reliable and accurate indeces against which to conduct our physical and financial business.  Please contact me anytime I can assist you towards this goal.  Sincerely,  Phillip Allen 
 No can do. Are you in the zone? 
 Nymex expiration is during this time frame.  Please reschedule. 
 Randy,  Can you send me a schedule of the salary and level of everyone in the scheduling group.  Plus your thoughts on any changes that need to be made. (Patti S for example)  Phillip 
 Let's shoot for Tuesday at 11:45. 
 Greg,  How about either next Tuesday or Thursday?  Phillip 
 Please cc the following distribution list with updates:  Phillip Allen (pallen@enron.com) Mike Grigsby (mike.grigsby@enron.com) Keith Holst (kholst@enron.com) Monique Sanchez Frank Ermis John Lavorato   Thank you for your help  Phillip Allen 
 any morning between 10 and 11:30 
 Chris,  What is the latest with PG&E?  We have been having good discussions regarding EOL. Call me when you can. X37041  Phillip 
 I would support Matt Lenhart's promotion to the next level.  I would oppose Ken Shulklapper's promotion. 
 Greg,  Happy B-day. Email me your phone # and I will call you.  Keith 
 Kathy,  Regarding the guest password for gas daily, can you please relay the information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at gas daily today.  I will be out of the office on Friday.  thank you  Phillip 
 John,  Denver's short rockies position  beyond 2002 is created by their Trailblazer transport.  They are unhedged 15,000/d in 2003 and 25,000/d in 2004 and 2005.  They are scrubbing all their books and booking the Hubert deal on Wednesday and Thursday.  Phillip 
 George,  Below is a list of questions that Keith and I had regarding the Westgate project:  Ownership Structure  What will be the ownership structure? Limited partnership? General partner?  What are all the legal entities that will be involved and in what capacity(regarding ownership and liabilities)?  Who owns the land? improvements?  Who holds the various loans?  Is the land collateral?  Investment  What happens to initial investment?  Is it used to purchase land for cash?Secure future loans?  Why is the land cost spread out on the cash flow statement?  When is the 700,000 actually needed? Now or for the land closing? Investment schedule?  Investment Return  Is Equity Repayment the return of the original investment?  Is the plan to wait until the last unit is sold and closed before profits are distributed?  Debt  Which entity is the borrower for each loan and what recourse or collateral is associated with each loan?  Improvement  Construction  Are these the only two loans?  Looks like it from the cash flow statement.  Terms of each loan?  Uses of Funds  How will disbursements be made?  By whom?  What type of bank account?  Controls on max disbursement? Internet viewing for investors?  Reports to track expenses vs plan?  Bookkeeping procedures to record actual expenses?  What is the relationship of Creekside Builders to the project?  Do you get paid a markup on subcontractors as a general contractor and paid gain out of profits?  Do you or Larry receive any money in the form of salary or personal expenses before the ultimate payout of profits?  Design and Construction  When will design be complete?  What input will investors have in selecting design and materials for units?  What level of investor involvement will be possible during construction planning and permitting?  Does Creekside have specific procedures for dealing with subcontractors, vendors, and other professionals? Such as always getting 3 bids, payment schedules, or reference checking?  Are there any specific companies or individuals that you already plan to use? Names?  These questions are probably very basic to you, but as a first time investor in a project like this it is new to me.  Also, I want to learn as much as possible from the process.  Phillip 
 George,  Here sales numbers from Reagan:     As you can see his units sold at a variety of prices per square foot.  The 1308/1308 model seems to have the most data and looks most similiar to the units you are selling.  At  2.7 MM, my bid is .70/sf higher than his units under construction.  I am having a hard time justifying paying much more with competition on the way.  The price I am bidding is higher than any deals actually done to date.  Let me know what you think.  I will follow up with an email and phone call about Cherry Creek.  I am sure Deborah Yates let you know that the bid was rejected on the De Ville property.  Phillip Allen 
 Jeff,  What is up with Burnet?  Phillip 
 Jeff,  I need to see the site plan for Burnet.  Remember I must get written approval from Brenda Key Stone before I can sell this property and she has concerns about the way the property will be subdivided.    I would also like to review the closing statements as soon as possible.  Phillip 
 Lucy,  I want to have an accurate rent roll as soon as possible. I faxed you a copy of this file.  You can fill in on the computer or just write in the correct amounts and I will input. 
 Brenda,  I checked my records and I mailed check #1178 for the normal amount on August 28th.  I mailed it to 4303 Pate Rd. #29, College Station, TX 77845.  I will go ahead and mail you another check.  If the first one shows up you can treat the 2nd as payment for October.  I know your concerns about the site plan.  I will not proceed without getting the details and getting your approval.  I will find that amortization schedule and send it soon.  Phillip 
 please remove my name and information from the registered user list.  Do not sell my information.  Phillip Allen 
 Lucy,   You wrote fewer checks this month.  Spent more money on Materials and less on Labor.   June  July  August  Total Materials  2929  4085  4801  Services  53  581  464  Labor   3187  3428  2770       Here are my questions on the August bank statement (attached):  1.  Check 1406  Walmart    Description and unit?  2.  Check 1410  Crumps     Detail description and unit?  3.  Check 1411  Lucy      What is this?  4.  Check 1415  Papes      Detail description and units?  5.  Checks 1416, 1417, and 1425  Why overtime?  6.  Check 1428    Ralph's   What unit?  7.  Check 1438    Walmart?    Description and unit?   Try and pull together the support for these items and get back to me.  Phillip 
 http://www.hearme.com/vc2/?chnlOwnr=pallen@enron.com 
 Jeff,  I received the rent roll.  I am going to be in San Marcos this weekend but I am booked with stage coach.  I will drive by Friday evening. I will let you know next week if I need to see the inside.  Can you find out when Chelsea Villa last changed hands and for what price?  What about getting a look at the site plans for the Burnet deal.  Remember we have to get Brenda happy.  Phillip 
 9/8  9/7  diff  Socal  36,600  37,200  -600  NWPL  -51,000  -51,250  250  San Juan -32,500  -32,000  -500   The reason the benchmark report shows net selling San Juan is that the transport positions were rolled in on 9/8.  This added 800 shorts to San Juan and 200 longs to Socal.  Before this adjustment we bought 300 San Juan and sold 800 Socal. 
 why is aeco basis so low on the list?  Is NWPL mapped differently than AECO? What about the correlation to Nymex on AECO? 
 Jeff,  You would clearly receive a commission on a deal on the sagewood.  I am surprised by your request for payment on any type of project in which I might become involved with Creekside.  Are you in the business of brokering properties or contacts?  Is your position based on a legal or what you perceive to be an ethical issue?  Did you propose we look at developing a project from scratch?  I am not prepared to pay more than 2.7 for sagewood yet.  Phillip 
