o hear from you.  I am glad to hear things are going well. This consolidation in the markets and the economy has been quite severe. I can tell you it has not been fun working with a 50 multiple company either as the p/e contracts to 7.  But nevertheless this had been interesting times.  We ramped down DealBench in good time. It was a good decision and precipitated some good thinking. Practically, everyone moved out of ecommerce. Its just crazy when you think how things were 18 months ago. . Power trading has been immensely interesting. I am running the options desk and we have had a decent year.  Energy trading is fascinating and coupled with my macro background from bond trading,it becomes lot of fun.  Say hi to Loreli. Do let me have your Hong Kong phone number.   Harry 
 Greg  1. Who made these prices ?  2. Is this a into TVA product  3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?  4. How much size are they interested in ?  5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?   Harry 
 Shaka man  Hope you are having a good time.  Things did indeed move out of control sooner than anyone could have imagined.  Its been one heck of an experience watching the situation and learning about how leadership works and how markets can make you and destroy you.  As to what next, my first idea is to just take time off and chill out for a few weeks and then see what to do next.  Talk to you soon   Harry 
 Hi Nik   This is the nasty side of American business.  There is nothing to be embarassed or discouraged about.  These are hard times and I think your graduation timing is no help either.  People graduating '98 through '00 had it goood.  But hang in there, opportunities are fewer, but they are out there.  You might want to broaden your search into energy and healthcare.  Enron is one heck of a story. What a ride !  The only conclusion I have is, next time I see some professor about efficient stock markets, I am going to smack him bad. As hard it is to manage businesses in trouble, it is not easy to manage businesses which are over-valued either. There is huge propensity for management to be complacent and attribute it to themselves, while it might be the investors folly and nothing more.  I have been on the ride up and down and all I can say is you live and you learn.  I will look out for opportunities out here. Enron is trying to stay close to core businesses but the energy industry in general is still hiring and complacent. You keep at it bud, and things are going to get better.  This market economy beast can be hard to handle at times but in the end it works out. Say hi to Cindy and Noah.    Harry 
 Iris   The power prices are not financially settled, they are settled by physical delivery, the gas prices are settled against 'Gas Daily' index. What we will need to also look at is, the contractual provision, for 2003 onwards, when the RTO is expected to kick in.  Also, lets look at some other term sheets and make a more robust one. What might be a good idea is to call John Llodra and see if he has any old ones he could mail us.   Harry 
 This is for energy only, i.e, its an into product, but we may source it from anywhere in the market.   Harry 
 What is the exact location (in terms of LMP) - is this a PJM east or PJM west hub ? Is it connected to NY, either Zone G or Zone J ? 
 What I heard was this was being handled by Exelon guys, so it makes sense.  These guys prefer dealing with old utiliity guys and so we will need to break-in to get access to some of these deals.   Harry 
 Thats wierd. 
 Greg  There has been just too many rumors flying around here to quote real long term deals.  Give me a day or so to put numbers on long dated deals.   Harry 
 Ben  1. Bruce Sukaly did call me and I am having  lunch with him tomorrow. 2. Could you share more of the presentation you have? It is very informative about their thought processes and ideas. It would be nice to gloss through that whole thing (I dont need to keep a copy or anything)  Harry 
 Greg  As you know, following the downgrade, there is total inability for us to trade.  I dont think it makes any sense to put any numbers anywhere.  Give me a call and I would like to chat about various stuff should trade and where the current markets are.  Hope you are doing well.   Harry Arora 
 Yolanda  I will be attending the ski outing - I am not sure about my arrival and departure dates, but I did put tentative dates. Once I make my bookings I will update you on my final dates. I might stay an extra day, and will pick that up. Thanks   Harry 
 Suresh  For the next two weeks, I'd like you to focus on the following.  1. Development frame-work and getting Zach upto speed Specs for Syndication report & testing & production date Finalize questionnaire and production date Modifications to Invitee and User stats 2. EnronOnline auctions - structure, and hash out details to enable kick off 3. Legal frame-work , shorten contracts for both deal-rooms and auctions 4. Marketing materials for procurement - and leasing, mail to top 100 list. 5.Complete transfer of operations to Networks group (Sherri Thomas's group) 6. Budget changes 7. Finalize hiring needs for Q1 and Q2 8. Focus each of the marketing leads on revenue, client lists, outreach, marketing and sales strategy Ross - procurement Don - Banks Toby - Data rooms Miguel - leases, legal and other data rooms 9. Dataroom development frame-work   Harry 
 Dave  Find enclosed the business plan and the valuation model for DealBench.  Feel free to call me with questions.       Harry Arora 
 How does 3 pm look ? 
 Jocelyn  New Power Company and Azurix are other affiliate companies of Enron. EDS is a totally different company, to which we have outsourced some stuff - so they have a number of employees on our premises ( on EDS contract).  I personally do not work out at the bodyshop. So would be unable to help you on how it might be in the morning.  I am sure you can call the BodyShop and they can help you out.  If you have questions, our HR co-ordinator (Lauren or Ben) should be able to provide further assistance.   Harry 
 That sounds good.   Harry 
 EB2762 ! 
 Cool ! 
 Rob   Find enclosed the business plan and the valuation model for DealBench.  Feel free to call me with questions.       Harry Arora 
