acramento. I will be reachable by cell phone if necessary.  Bob 
 Rob, We have the meeting set up for 1:30 pm. See you then.  Bob 
 Thanks Keoni 
 Kim, Have you seen the fax I sent to Amy regarding this deal? It has all the terms and conditions in it. Let me know if you need me to send it to you again. Thanks.  Bob Badeer 
 sue, can you give me the conf. call number and pass code? also, setting up a system to send text messages, let me know your cell and pager numbers. thanks.  bob 
 please look at with coopers graphs 
 Dave, Attached are the bullet points we talked about.  Bob 
 No problem Tom. I'll get it to you today.  Bob 
 sue, lets do 1015, call me bob 
 yes it is 25 mw and we are taking care of it.   Bob 
 Sue, Could you please send me your cell phone number. Thanks.   Bob 
 Melba, The following list of people need acces to see financial products on EOL. 1. Robert Badeer 2. Tim Belden 3. Mike Swerzbin 4. Matt Motley 5. Jeff Richter 6. Sean Crandall 7. Diana Scholtes 8. Tom Alonso 9. Mark Fischer  Please expedite this as we are putting financial products on EOL.  Thanks,  Bob 
 that would be great. thanks  bob 
 Mary, I will be out of town this weekend and therefore unable to attend. Sorry and thanks for the invite. Bob 
 you're the man 
 This guy looks like he would be great on the services desk. But he says he is looking for a position with a company with that is a "progressive generation owner" in the WSCC, we don't fit that mold. It might be a waste of time if we don't have what he's looking for.  Bob 
 Listened in this afternoon. Essentially this is the capacity market that was discussed at the meeting I went to last week. Nothing solved or implemented, lots of arguments and whining.  Bob 
 any day works 
 Monaco, Traders speculate, pure and simple. At least that what I do. The new team in Houston is the Texans. I don't really care who they are. The knicks stink. Talk to you soon.  Badeer 
 thanks Ina 
 Grigs, Ina said it would be on the 5th floor of the new building. Which is right? 
 ok 
 Thanks 
 Monaco, Whats up with you? Great SuperBowl. I hate the Rams, so glad they lost. I'm going down to Houston to work for UBS on the gas trading desk. New commodity for me, should be fun. Looking to get back to NY at some point in the future. I know you'll still be there, stinking up the joint. Anyway, will let you know how things go. Talk to you soon.  Badeer 
 Paul, =09I hope this is the right address. I ran into Kristian and Monica the oth= er day, got Kristian's card, and promptly lost it. I am going solely on my = formidable memory of the address. Sounds like you guys had a bigger freak s= how there than we did here. What an incredible story. Hopefully neither of = us will have to go through that again. I'm out of the office here and headi= ng down to Houston to trade gas. It's west basis, so I should be able to dr= aw on my power knowledge a little bit. Things got a little crazy here, will= have to tell you more over several beers, I think that is the minimum it w= ill take. Erica is excited for a change, although Houston is not her first = choice, she's a trooper and will find fun things to do. How is Sarah doing?= I hope she and the baby have made it through all the changes. There is a w= oman here who I think would be interested in coming to London. She is young= (only 23) but has raw talent. She started here last summer working in the = California book. Let me know if you could use a hand, as I said, she has ra= w talent and drive. Thats all from here. Stay in touch and say hello to Sar= ah.=20  Bob  ps my home email: rbadeer@msn.com 
