n I-bank to place some more stock so that is somewhat encouraging.  You are going to have to make your own call on this one.  If you like the idea and you think they can execute, then go for it. 
 Jill,  I was wondering if I could get some information on the Costilla deal, specifically the repurchase option.  I need to know the term, locations, volume and strike price of the call.   Thanks,   Eric x3-0977 
 i will go 
 What do I look like - a key map?  Take Allen Parkway to Shepherd.  Make a right on Shepherd and a quick left on Memorial.  Follow Memorial all the way to the park.  I don't know which side you will play on b/c both sides have fields. 
 Hey,  I tried to call you.  I need Brandi's Work #, Home # and Social Security #.  E 
 Tom has come to a decision on what to do with the ubiquitous accrual value. 60% of this value should be credited to Greg's Transport expense on a monthly basis.  Tom, in turn, will cover Ed on this portion of the expense.  For example:  Accrual Value comes out to be $300,000 for the month of April.  This means that:  Greg's portion of this value is 60% of $300,000 = $180,000 Tom's portion of this value is 40% of $300,000 = $120,000  Greg's Transport Expense is ($700,000) So, Tom will cover                      $180,000 of this expense Greg's adjusted Expense is   ($520,000)  Greg's P&L is net better off by the $180,000 of accrual value Tom's P&L is net better off by $120,000  of accrual value which had not been previously recognized. Ed's P&L is net unchanged from all of the above.   Call with questions.  Eric x3-0977 
 Did you make your reservation? 
 The new product will be a day product like our current Katy and HSC Pool products, so it will be a fixed price product for next day gas delivered at the Corpus location.   Call with questions.  x3-0977   Dale Neuner   04/03/2000 04:35 PM 
 what's up with the migraines? that is two weekends in a row!  the concert was good - we left a little bit before the goo goo dolls finished - i got to hear black ballon and name - so i was happy.   i felt sick this weekend too - so mine was pretty uneventful - i just lounged most of the weekend.  I did get to go to a game at my new field (Enron).  It is a great place to see a ballgame.  You really can appreciate the difference between Enron Field and the Astrodome.  I left early on Friday b/c I am a shooter :)  The Fam is great and Jason has not found a new job yet.  Phew! I think I got all of them (the questions, that is).  -e 
 I don't know.  I haven't heard anything.  You might want to talk to superfan ( aka  Chad) 
 Dale,  The Texas Desk needs to get a new product created.  We already have a baseload Index Corpus product.  We need to create a DAY Corpus product with the same parameters as this baseload product.   Also, anything new on the 5 X 24?  Thanks,  Eric 
 Tonight's game has been cancelled 
 Hey  I just got your msg from friday.  I left at around three.  How was your weekend?  Did you make it to earth day?  Talk to you later. 
 I don't know the YMCA's policy on rain outs so  I will assume that we still have a game tonight.  Our game is at 7:45 tonight.  Please let me know if you will be there.   Eric 
 Thought you might find this interesting! 
 I will play if the street thug doesn't 
 It doen't matter to me. 
 I would like to sign up for the lottery for all four days.   Thanks,  Eric    Enron North America Corp. 
 sorry 
 FYI 
 Dale,  Ed Gottlob would like to set up a meeting with all of the necessary counterparties in order to discuss this product.  Can you find out when a good time would be?   Thanks,  Eric   Dale Neuner   03/28/2000 10:56 AM 
 Dale,  Have you heard anything more on the 5 X 24s?  We would like to get this product out ASAP.   Thanks,  Eric 
 no, we are fine 
 FYI 
 Our first flag football game is tonight! Are you in? 
 Please try to make it tonight by 7:45 to go over some things. 
 The game is at 8:45 at the Post Oak YMCA.  The Post Oak YMCA is outside the loop at the corner of San Felipe and Augusta.  We have eight as of now, so make sure and let me know if you can't make it for any reason. 
 We have seven as of now.  If you want to play, you will play the whole game.  Let me know. 
 Will you be able to make it to the game tonight?  It is at 8:45 at the Post Oak YMCA.  Let me know.   Eric 
 The game is at 8:45 on Monday@ the Post Oak YMCA.  Let me know if you can make it. 
 Our first game of the new season will be Monday night.  I do not have the time yet, but will let you know.  Please let me know if you are still interested in playing and whether you will be available Monday or not.   Thanks,  Eric 
 last again... 
 Hey Lisa,  Long time no hear!  I guess you are too cool for all of us little people now.  Brenda is looking for someone to fill Bryan Hull's spot in risk when he leaves.  I know that you are looking for a rotation, so I was wondering if you have an interest.  Let me know.   Eric 
 Yea.  I will be there.  What time again? 
 i'm getting really freaking tired of being last on your e-mail lists! 
 What the fuck is up with that? 
 aren't we presumptious.  of course i want to see you tonight.  but i have to work out before coming over!  what are you making me for dinner?  and do you want me to bring over a movie?  and, by the way, you have my permission to go to your little crawfish boil on sat. e 
 Have you heard anything on the sitara issues?  Thanks,   Eric 
 Luis,  I haven't heard when the season is supposed to start, but it should be in early April.  So, I will try to schedule a practice.  Let me know when you are back.  Eric 
 i will go if you want me to - does that sound familiar? 
 do you want me to go? 
 Dolores,  I have signed up for the CFA exam in June.  Who do I need to talk to to get a reimbursement?   Thanks,  Eric 
 what sounds good. next week or thurs? 
 I'm sorry, I forgot that you were clairvoyant.  I don't think you can make a case that you were smart for betting me without the points.  That's like me saying that Enron's stock is trading at 70 why don't I buy it for 80 b/c I am confident that it is going to 90.  That's real smart.  No wonder EES loses money!    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sorry about the headache.  I hear that slamming your head against the wall is good for getting rid of migraines.  Oh wait that's what I do at work to help me think about something other than losing lots of money - never mind.  Thurs is probably best then - if not then maybe next week. e 
 i  have his marathon pictures up as wallpaper on my computer.  he is so sexy with his shirt off.  did you have a good weekend?  do you still want to get togehter after work sometime this week?  lemme know 
 how was the well this weekend?    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI.  There might be some back office issues with this. 
 Everything is working.  Thanks for the help.   Eric 
 Market deals are only captured in accrual value calculations if they are in the wellhead portfolio.  I do not recall any sales currently in the wellhead portfolio.  However, I do not see a problem with the market deals unless they were marked improperly (e.g. accrual adders).  -EB    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here is my bracket.  I will bring the money down around 10:30. 
 When is graduation?  And, of course I will show up.  Although, if I recall, you didn't show up for mine! You can send the announcement to 2512 Milam St. #5216, 77006. I haven't heard of the advertising firm.  What kind of projects do they work on?   I am going to Earth Day. Are you?  Are you bringing Rebecca again this year? We will probably go out to Kenneally's, Griff's or Birraporetti's for St. Patty's day.  What about you?  e 
 Things are going well here.  I have been pretty busy losing lots of money at work. Brian and Hector are going to Europe at the end of the month, but I can't go because of work.  It doesn't bother me that much though.   I will probably try to take a trip over there in May.  On top of that I am thinking about a cruise this summer some time. Brian and I are actually moving this weekend to a new apartment within the Park at Midtown.  Brian recently got his bike stolen from the balcony, so we are going to move to an interior apartment.  Of course, I wouldn't expect you to relate to any of this because you have never seen my apartment.  Oh well, I guess you have your priorities.  Other than that, not a whole lot going on.  How are things with you and the fam?  e 
 Phil,  Can you provide me with the most recent Entex Deferral Balance?   Thanks 
 I don't know about meter 4486, but the other three are good.  In addition, meter 5792 is another meter that is serviced in the Lufkin-Diboll area.    Enron North America Corp. 
 lets make it worthwhile - how about $500?    Enron North America Corp. 
 asshole    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tim is once again proving how hard work is over there at EES.  Keep holding the stock price back. I am, however, impressed that you were still at work at 3:50 though.  By the way, I am taking bets from all comers.  So, put your money where your mouth is!  Hook 'em      Enron North America Corp. 
 Check out the outlook.  "A couple of  wins" means a sweet 16 berth. Doesn't look good for LSU!   http://www.finalfour.net/stats/bko/bkc/mentexascapsule.html 
 BRUTAL!    Enron North America Corp. 
 i don't think so 
 can't make it 
 what - you can't tell me this over the phone - so you have to write a chicken shit e-mail. what's that about? 
 kentucky is #2    Enron North America Corp. 
 no - i'm looking fwd to you shacking tonight 
 looks like i'm going to have to drink a lot on your date tonight.  i do have something to look fwd to - that is another longhorn victory tonight.  HOOK 'EM e 
 The world is treating me ok.  It's just that I can't stop losing money.  It hasn't been a very good start to my trading life.  What is going on in your world?  I hope to make it out to the house sometime soon.  Love, Eric 
 brutal! 
 I guess that feeling is similar to the one you get whenever you are around me.  You just don't know what to say. 
 we won both games, of course.  i was 3-6 with a double off the fence - and you missed it!  One guy on our team hit a home run in back-back at bats. 
 tell your roommate to shut her big mouth! 
 i can probably get together around 4:30 ish    Enron North America Corp. 
 thats it 
 Hey Brett,  Not too much going on in H-town.  I just recently started trading Natural Gas Futures.  I have had three heart attacks, a stroke, and have bitten off all of my fingers in a week.  Other than that things are going pretty well.  I should be in town for easter, so if you want to get together, lemme know.  How is artillery school going?  out 
 -.0125    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tom can you copy this e-mail and forward to Toorey Moorer.   Toorey,  Can you please change the book mapping of Cary Metz's EOL ID to GD-Texas?   Thanks 
 Did you get this? 
 I have been to see brooks & dunn, jo dee messina, and ahem rod stewart.  i am going to steve miller and kenny rogers.  i am actually too cool to hang out with brian now - just don't tell him i said that.   i don't know about earth day yet but i suspect that i will go b/c goo goo dolls are playing. 
 Hey,  work is going great.  i am trading now - wooohoooo!.  I am really enjoying the new position.  a lot more responsibility. i am going to the rodeo tonight and tomorrow , so that should be fun.  that will bring the grand total to 5.  how are things going with you and the fam? 
 Costilla 
 Do you hear that?  ... the smallest violin in the world is playing tune.  see ya tonite 
 no, but your best friend, ami, will 
 probably, but talk to the guys down there 
 What, am I last on your list?  We'll have to remedy that situation real quick - it could be a dealbreaker! 
 Can you set up a meeting? 
 Here is the completed form.  Is it possible to have this set up by tomorrow?  Thanks,  Eric     Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey Tobin,  I need to set up a new firm book for gas.  Can you please send me the required documentation?   Thanks,  Eric x3-0977 
 Do I have a Login ID and Password?  Thanks. 
 shut the fuck up!    Enron North America Corp. 
 i'll give you a call after trading 
 no bitch - you don't keep in touch with me either.  I actually have been pretty busy with the new job.  I have a friend in IT here who said that they are looking for 200 people to fill slots.   It's a hot job market over here.  How's compaq doing? 
 Hook 'em! 
 the concert will not start until 9:00 - i would say go get something to eat around 7:30-8 and then go to the concert 
 are you getting a little attitude with me - you better watch your step! 
 that could be a dealbreaker! 
 i can but have never done it before 
 backing him up on what - bryan will be in, correct? 
 It lasts until I become sweet or you admit that you were the aggressor when we met - whichever comes first.(ha!) 
 Remember - No Kisses! 
 I still don't have any info on the schedule, but I do need to collect dues for the upcoming season. Dues are $5 and that includes a jersey and cost of the league.  Let me know if you are still in for the season.   Eric 
 Hey Danny,  I will get the dues to you sometime this week. The extra guy is welcome to play on our team.  Keep me posted on Uni's and schedule.    Thanks, Eric 
 you might want to save yourself the agony of having to listen to me sing! 
 you mean you don't want me to sing it anyway? 
 If you want me to take care of her, let me know.  I'm not scared of her either! 
 What are you talking about?  You sent me some gay e-mail with a hyperlink.  I never read those.  What's up with you?  I have been really busy with my new job but I cna't complain.  I am really enjoying work again. 
 Per my message, here is the info on those mappings  Meter #        Current Trade Zone       Current Curve Mapping      New Trade Zone      New Curve Mapping  1009            14            IF-THOMPSONVILLE           11 IF-CORPUS 1175             5   IF-AGUA DULCE           11 IF-CORPUS    Please change both Intramonth and Mid Mkt mappings.  Thanks,   Eric  3-0977 
 here is what started it 
 i thought you might enjoy this! 
 Don't get testy. I wasn't trying to get you upset.  I thought we were having a normal conversation.  It just didn't seem like you were talking as much as usual. 
 I'm fine. I think you read too much into me. Besides, I'm just trying to find the best way to deal with your attitude! (ha! ha!)  e 
 Nothing much over here. Just trying to make a living 
 3139a - i think people are going to woody's 
 Today at 3:30 - 4? 
 thats fine - just let me know when.  Afternoons, 1-2 and after 3 are better for me. 
 She's probably fucking wrong! 
 Could you please take a look at this and coordinate with Joanie to fix?  Thanks,  Eric 
 I just wanted to RSVP for the Chinese Archaeology Exhibit on March 1.   Thanks,  Eric 
 Howard,  Per our conversation, these are the meters that I need historical flow information on.  Info for 2 years back would be helpful.   #1008 #1007 #1358 #1009 #1175   Thanks,   Eric x3-0977 
 I can't make this meeting today - bid week! 
 i can't make the 9 o'clock game 
 I forgot my password to the statistical database.  Who should I contact to find this info.?  Thanks,   Eric 3-0977 
 position impact? 
 Can you take a look at these deals this morning? 
 things are going fantastic.  i am now knee deap in my new job and i am really enjoying it.  i have a lot to do.  this is a good feeling after being bored for the last 3 months. 
 Hey, what's up?  Are you having a good week? 
 You will probably have to reschedule this because Pre-Bid meeting is the same bat time. 
 Here is the revised version. 
 Janet,  Here is the model.  I have added unit costs.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  I still need to get the delivery locations for the CSW deal.   Thanks,   Eric 
 Then, just order for 3.  Bryan Hull, Dave Baumbach, and I will attend.  Thanks,  Eric 
 fyi 
 done 
 This is strictly for the Intramonth P&L, correct? 
 No! Don't leave us 
 Got any good stock picks?  I will probably be able to make valentine's day.  -e 
 can't play - maybe we can pick someone up there 
 Hey Mitch,  Just got your e-mail address.  Read Below.  -Eric 
 i think i am going to bail on happy hour. shanna isn't feeling well.  but plan on coming by my place for the game on sunday.  -eric 
 http://www.provider.uhc.com/enron/ 
 whatever babe - i am concerned but not to the point of worrying my brains out - like you.  i tend to trust the doctor in matters such as these- like when i had chest pains, the doctor ran tests to rule out significant problems and did notice an abnormality on one test.  instead of running out and panicking i waited and took the tests again and they were normal.  now i am not advocated waiting for the next test if that makes you uncomfortable - you should do what you want to do. but i guess what i am saying is that YOU ARE NOT GOING TO DIE !!! so stop worrying and let the tests confirm or deny any problem.... 
 http://www.medscape.com/CPG/ClinReviews/2001/v11.n07/c1107.03.deme/c1107.03.deme-05.html 
 http://health.yahoo.com/health/dc/003517/0.html 
 http://health.yahoo.com/health/dc/003688/0.html  maybe this is it? 
 supposedly i have "reversible airway disease" which is not asthma but similar.  they have given me an inhaler and some claritin (for allergies).   i haven't been able to find anything on the internet about it though. 
 what do you want for eddie? 
 moulds for alstott? 
 Rika,  Here are the user names that you requested for the ERCOT website:  dbaumba, ebass, vweldon, tmartin, molsen2, gbryan, mlarubb.    Thanks,  Eric 
 alright what do you want for warrick dunn? 
 ok alstott and troy brown for holt? 
 not my fault - like i knew that jamal was going to blow out his knee - i didn't offer terrell davis.  what do you want for torry? 
 torry holt? 
 that sounds great.  i am always interested in a free meal.  friday night is probably better for us if you guys want to come into town.  if not, then saturday is fine.  -e 
 no . . . you are going to go dancing with me! 
 hey sheila, thanks for the invite. my mom's b-day is this friday as well.  i still don't know if we are taking her out on friday or saturday.  so we will try to make it.  we stayed at the marriot at the capital last year in austin.  -eric 
 hey mom, thanks for the info. tough break for rush.  i was sorry to hear about that.  things are going well.  just kind of slow.  i have my asthma test today - it is called a pulmonary function test.  what do you want to do for your birthday.  do you want ot get together on friday or saturday and where?  let me know  L - Eric 
 sorry no tkts. it was a good game though 
 he told me that he wasn't sure if he would be in town.  i guess there is no need to have two. so i won't have one then 
 http://maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?BFCat=&Pyt=Tmap&newFL=Use+Address+Below&addr=2201+Stemmons&csz=Dallas%2C+TX+75207&country=us&Get%A0Map=Get+Map 
 it goes by record then points 
 go ahead and put it in the add/drop on the website and i will go through them at noon.  eric 
 i don't have any tickets sorry.  are you going to make it up there and try to scalp some? 
 just put it in the system.  the league has a waiver process.  you need to have your transactions in by noon thursday 
 Happy B-day punk!  How old are you now? 30?  Oh well, I guess we will see ya tonight.  I don't think you are at work today but if you are shoot me a line.   -Eric 
 we are on 32  -e 
 do you want the ticket?   i got this ticket from a broker - it is going for like $600 now  call me @800-97ENRON or 713-853-0977 and let me know 
 ive got a 50 yd line seat for the game this weekend with your name on it pal! what do you think? 
 Just a little something to get you fired up about this weekend! 
 yep 
 If you haven't paid your dues by Sunday you will begin to forfeit.  Total dues are $140. 
 1.74 
 sure, just call me the bank that delivers.  we will probably be out around 6:30-7  do we need to bring anything?  -e 
 out 
 hey dad,  austin was fun.  michael ballases and i went up for the day and met up with his family b/c it was parent's weekend.  it was good to see them again.  i am anxious to see how we play against OU.  i am starting to have a good feeling about this team. they looked really sharp on saturday - especially the offense.  shanna and i will come out for jason's b-day on wednesday. i don't know what time yet but it should be around 6:30.  see ya then 
 http://www.debka.com/ 
 we are heading over to the Front Porch after work today for some drinks if you would like to join.  -Eric 
 http://breeders.dogbreedinfo.com/index.php?a_id=20020120191036 
 the system won't let me for some reason, i will keep trying 
 Here is our detail for October.  Unfortunately we are unable to provide you with blanket counterparty level detail on our transactions due to legal issues.  However, just as last month, if you have specific questions on any location or transaction, we can examine those on a case by case basis.  Thank you. 
 When does the next league start and who is it run by (i.e. city, YMCA, etc.)?  Thanks,  Eric 
 yep 
 section 6 row 8 is your brother going to bring a friend? 
 http://www.ticketcity.com/ticketbuy.asp?unique=UT100601&teamreq=tlong 
 what do you want for antonio freeman? 
 right now i guess we have 6 - i have not heard back from boone.  val said he would stop by if they were back in town by then.  i didn't have mitch's e-mail so you may want to forward to him and i will talk to hull.  i guess we could have about 10 people.  what do you think? 
 good call guys.  i am not sure but i believe that i signed contract with you guys that double indemnified me from loss - prior to payment  let me know when i can pickup my check for $8000. 
 http://www.dailytexanonline.com/vnews/display.v/ART/2001/09/26/3bb16e9faf847 
 tom brady - bishop was cut a long time ago 
 they think bledaoe will be back in 2-3 three weeks.  no injuries to internal organs ( that is what they were concerned about) 
 did you get a chance to look at anything last night? 
 volumes are still down - i have no clue on the merger. you hear something new each day 
 do you have any big 12 tkts? 
 i am just kidding - just giving you a hard time.  i think i am going to sit this one out anyways.  that was a tough loss for you guys 
 <http://www.har.com/search/condo/indexdetail.cfm?MLNUM=518049>  this one has 4.5% financing 
 hey. long time no hear. how is everything going with you? how is the family doing?  Eric 
 my family is doing really well.  jason is getting married in february in fairfield.  he seems very happy.  things are a little sketchy at enron right now with the debacle that has occured, but everything should work out for the best.  don't worry about all of that stuff, you can do what you please with it.  eric 
 i thought you were back in houston for good as of the last time we talked (8 mos. ago)?  did you leave after that?  where are you working now?  i will relay your msg to jason  eric 
 where are you working now - i know you worked for that motorcycle company - do you still work there?  jason's fiancee (sorry no fancy accent) had been a friend of his for awhile. They started dating about a year and a hlaf ago and got engaged about 6-7 months ago.  She is very nice and we get along just fine. Thanksgiving was good - I stayed out at the the parents house for a couple of days and went up to college station on friday for the game.  How about you? Glad to hear that Lucky is well. 
 Since you never gave me the $20 for the last time we bet on CU/Texas, I figured I would give you the chance to go double or nothing on the second round.  I think the line is Texas -9.  Let me know. 
 that sounds good 9 it is.  we will go for beers regardless 
 Hey Brett, What's been happening?  I hope you didn't buy any enron!  It is looking good for the Horns.  It seems like fate is on their side.  Every week we get closer to a Rose Bowl berth.  If we get to the Rose Bowl I will have a ticket with your name on it if you can get away.  Are you going to be able to catch the game this weekend?  BTW, are you still in Hawaii?  Hope all is well.  Your Pal,  Eric 
 what is your commission? 
 then you are done 
 sounds like a good job. i am glad you are enjoying it.  i haven't taken any big vacations lately, mostly to austin.  i did go to new orleans for a wedding recently but other than that nothing.  the girls sound like they are well.  tell them i said "hi".  good talking to you -e 
 I was thinking of having a get together at my place but I wanted to gauge interest first.  Let me know if you are interested.  I will send out another e-mail if I get enough responses.   -Eric 
 go ahead and buy on that news.  you know its going to be bullish!!! 
 whatever you think - just let me know 
 thought you might enjoy 
 Also, in bankruptcy, who is the first to be paid? Specifically, are employees first in line?  Thanks 
 http://www.mackbrown-texasfootball.com/pages/releases/006/112701_02.html 
 thanks for the offer.  i think some guys at work are going to get drinks today.  you are welcome to join if you like.  if not, i will take a rain check on your offer. 
 Tom (my boss) does not have any documentation with regards to the bonus, but will make an effort to get it when things quiet down.  He did, however, tell me that it is clear to him that this money cannot be touched by Enron because there were discussions in the past few days about trying to get at the money for credit issues and that was not an option available to the company.  What do you think?  _Eric 
 Hey Brett,  Good to hear from you.  It is pretty bad at Enron.  I still have a job for the time being but things are in limbo right now.  The good news is that my division (trading ops) is the most valuable and desirable for any acquisition.  The bad news is that we could declare bankruptcy at any time and that would leave our fate in the hands of the creditors and the courts.  It is sad to see a good company like this fold despite the fact that we make a great deal of money. Oh well, things will work out.  As far as the Rose Bowl, I think we have a pretty good shot.  Currently we are 3rd in the BCS rankings (the top two go to the National Championship game -- which is the Rose Bowl this year).  The two teams ahead of us are Miami (1) and Florida (2).  If either one loses (Miami at Virginia Tech this week and Florida vs Tennesee and possible SEC championship game) we should get into the top 2.  Of course, we have to win on Saturday as well.  This has been a wacky year in college football, so I think our chances are pretty good.  Good luck on the proposal.  You are about to venture to the Dark Side.  Telluride should be fun.  We went there last year for a ski trip (again).  I might be venturing down that path soon.  I should be here when you are in town so drop me a line or give me a call (H: 713-661-2601 or Cell:713-628-3104 or Work (hopefully): 713-853-0977).  Take Care.  Eric 
 I don't have your work #.  What is it? 
 hey dad, baxter was the ceo of enron north america at one time.  he was regarded as one of the founders of the wholesale trading business.  he resigned in may. whenever i see the media a say no comment to them.  about dinner on saturday,  we already have plans to see a musical but we are free tonight.  would you like to move dinner up to tonight?  let me know.  -eric 
 You are invited to join in the excitement of Texas in the Big XII Championship game this Saturday at 7 PM at my apartment.  We will provide the food.  Let me know if you guys are interested.  My apartment is at 4848 Pin Oak Pk.  #1503  Houston 77081.  goto mapquest.com for directions.  -Eric 
 you are a dick! 
 I got the cashiers check for the full amount and deposited it at Fidelity.  I am just waiting for it to post to my account now.  -E 
 A friend and I were debating about payroll in a bankruptcy type situation.  I said that there were no guarantees with regards to payroll until the courts approve it.  He said that payroll was an administrative expense and therefore should be guaranteed?  What do you think?  -E 
 you are an asshole ! 
 and where did you see that? 
 i doubt they will show 
 sure.  have you decided on what you would like us to bring? 
 that is nice to hear.  i will look forward to speaking with her. 
 what do you think? 
 I like issey miyake and acqua di gio.  -e 
 Hey,  How are things going with you guys?  We really enjoyed Saturday night out at the house.  We should get together more often.  How is Mr. Hamilton doing ? I was thinking of sending some flowers to either the hospital (if he is out of ICU) or the house.  Can you give me the address of either?  Love, E 
 Harry,  Sorry it has taken me so long to get back to you.  Things are so bad at work right now. I have nothing to do whasoever.  I get in to work around 9 am and leave around 12:30 every day.  I hope all is going well in the job search.  I saw your add/drop request for the Pats. If you want me to add the Steelers as well just let me know.  Also, you might want to practice, "Would you like to SuperSize that?"  -Eric 
 www.laydoff.com 
 we need a fourth again 
 I am ok with tomorrow.  Sorry I haven't been able to set lunch up. These crossword puzzles have really kept me busy.  -Eric 
 I have some good news and some bad news.  The good news is that I invested all of the league dues in the stock market over the last few weeks.  The bad news is that I invested it in enron stock.  So, needless to say I am going to have to default on this year's payouts.  Sorry guys 
 Hi Amy,  My numbers are home: 713-661-2601 and cell: 713-628-3104.  Call me if you have questions about the offer letter.   -Eric Bass 
 Any news?  Which night do you want to get together?  -e 
 sounds good - i will make the reservations for sat.  is 7 o'clock ok? 
 the card was though  :0) 
 7 o'clock it is - see you then.  -e 
 redwood grill! 
 that is good to hear.  i was driving through west u last night and saw quite a few.  i hit a couple of kids so i figure that netted me a few points.  i look forward to seeing you on saturday  love, e 
 Anybody up for happy hour after work?  I was thinking Kenneally's at around 5.  Let me know 
 thought you might be interested 
 For some reason your e-mail to Shanna and I was quarantined by enron b/c of virus issues.  What did you send?  It looked like links to Fairfield and Waco weather.  Let me know.  -Eric 
 no problem - thanks for joining us.  we enjoy spending time with you guys.  love, e 
 tkts are hard to come by but its looking like we can get in to the game - sect 144 row 25 
 I am taking friday off - Do you want to together for some golf? 
 that's fine ditch me for another tourney.  but i undsertand you have to find alternative forms of income with enron's recent performance. the greatest football team in college history plays kansas on saturday -e 
 I got your card.  Thanks for joining us on Saturday night.  Shanna and I always enjoy your company.  Love, E 
 no special occassion really, just burning vacation.  i have 12 days left.  whats going on in your world? 
 that sounds good -  i am taking that friday off. the mood is pretty somber around here today.  love, e 
 i agree with your comments about managament.  it seems like they are caught like a deer in a headlights.  i have bought some more shares today.  my view is that the company will not fold.  the worst case scenario is a buyout. so, it seems like we should bottom out shortly.  right?  good news on uncle george 
 what is your logon and password for the-university - i am having some problems with mine  thanks,  eric 
 Is this the old enron building or the new one?  Eric Bass 
 i'm fine nothing new to report other than the stuff in the news.  i think everything will work out  L, e 
 Anybody up for happy hour at Ruggles Enron Field after work? 
 i thought it was ruggles DY-ENRON Field 
 so now that we have had this witty banter back and forth - is anyone coming to happy hour? 
 what is jason's phone # at work and at home? 
 we are going to happy hour at Ruggles Enron - dynegy  Field after work. any interest? 
 we'll be there all night 
 you are welcome to invite chance and anyone else down there 
 change of plans.  we are going to front porch.  so meet up if you can/want 
 everyone else paid up front 
 what do you think? 
 you don't care 
 Brian.   Things are pretty hectic right now.  There is a lot of uncertainty about the future.  Dynegy acquired Enron (it is so odd to say that) for its trading business and EES so I think my position is safe for the time being.  Up until the acquisition was formalized it was pretty depressing at work, but things have started to pick up again.  I am glad to hear that classes are going well - keep the seat next to you warm because I may be forced up there pretty soon.  Of course, now that Enron's name has been dragged through the mud it will probably be a little more difficult to go to a good B-school.  Good luck on finals and keep in touch.  Your Pal,  Eric 
 i like it - how much? 
 he should have been 
 you are weird 
 what's up?  things are pretty hectic here.  you lucked out by getting out of dodge.   are you still coming to see the 2001-2002 nat'l champs on T+1?  -eric 
 i think things will be ok at enron.  it is pretty depressing right now though.  how is school for you?  just to let you know - i got seats on the 40 yd line for the game.  right now it is going to be  me, you, matt lenhart, and my dad.  i will be out of the office next tuesday and wednesday.  so give me call at work before then or you can call me on my cell (713)-628-3104 or at home (713)661-2601.  let me know  -e 
 that sounds good.  i will see you then -eric 
 It will just be the two of us on Sunday.  Thought you might like to know.  L, E 
 http://atlas.spaceports.com/~cfarley/tbs.htm 
 don't you feel better about the whole situation now? 
 all i can say is "house of cards" 
 do you have msn messenger set up ? 
 i will let you know over thanksgiving -e 
 yeah why dont you set it up under start - programs- system utility applications - msn messenger and do the exchange system 
 interesting . .  thanks for the update 
 If wanted to play golf at sugar creek next wed, can I get on without you and how much does it cost?  -e 
 we would love for you to join us.  -eric 
 I'm trying to get a feel for everyone's desire to play PAINTBALL in the next few weeks.  This would obviously not be sponsored by Enron b/c Enron doesn't have enough cash to buy anything right now.  So let me know if you would be interested and, if so, when you would be available to go.   The cost should be around $30-40 a person.  Please forward to anyone I have forgotten or might be interested.   -Eric 
 i will just come out tomorrow and we will celebrate.  we will get together some other time with shanna 
 they won't be playing but they will be tied up to a post for our enjoyment 
 hey dave - we are on for noon tomorrow.  i will try to make it out to your house tomorrow. i have to go pick up the clubs at the parents house.  so give me directions.  by the way, my dad offered to buy us all lunch at sugar creek so, lets try to meet up a little early.  -eric 
 That sounds great.  I will be able to make it.  Thanks,  Eric 
 but you will only go if charlie goes? 
 you are one sick fuck 
 You owe $80 for fantasy football.  When can you pay? 
 FYI- since you didn't take care of business 
 surprising . . . 
 How about we all go to dinner at Mark's on Sunday night?  How does that sound?  -Eric 
 as we talked about yesterday, i am still at enron.  while i have a job, i am trading natural gas futures and other derivative instruments.  i am living off of newcastle and 59 in the Gables Pin Oak.  it is very nice - especially since i don't have a roommate any more. glad to hear that the family is doing well what are you doing at your new job?  accounting? what about the firls - what are they doing? 
 are you telling me that you want me to buy and you will pay me back? 
 so bob hebert's finance committee more important? 
 thats fine just let me know what i owe 
 Who should I contact with questions about my 2001 W-2?  I think that mine is misstated.   Thanks,  Eric Bass x3-0977 
 why can't dad make it? 
 Hi Aunt Bonnie,  It is great to hear from you.  We really missed the fact that your trip was delayed because of 9/11.  Things will be pretty hectic this weekend with Jason's bachelor party and my birthday.  We are going to dinner tomorrow night for my birthday to a restaurant that I have never tried. It should be good.  On Saturday, we will be celebrating Jason's bachelor party.  We are going on a casino cruise out of Galveston.  I am looking forward to it.  When do you think that you are going to make it down for a visit?  How is the weather treating you up there?  It was nice to hear from you.  Love,  Eric 
 OK the final plans have been made for the bachelor party.  We will meet at 5 pm SHARP at Cinemark Theaters on Richmond and Sam Houston Parkway (Beltway 8).  This is the movie theater across the street from Jason's apartment.  You need to be there on time so that we can make the cruise.  Let me know if you have questions.  -Eric 
 can you send the e-mail about the mexican resorts to dominator128@hotmail.com <mailto:dominator128@hotmail.com>?  Thanks,  E 
 Thanks.  Of the two - I think UBS is better.  It seems like they are a smaller, more specialized company that is more similar to our culture from a risk tolerance perspective.  It should be good.  Of course, anything is better than the way it has been.  We are not going to be able to go to Tahoe anymore b/c of scheduling conflicts with my boss, so we are planning on going to Las Vegas from Feb 13-16.  The airfare is $200/person roundtrip and we can stay at the aladdin or rio for about $100/night (or the bellagio for $200/night). We were wondering if you guys would be interested in joining us?  Let me know.  -Eric 
 There will be 8 total.  It should be fun.  See ya then 
 8 - one person is not on the e-mail 
 I have made reservations for Jason's Bachelor Party.  You are the chosen few.  The cruise is set for Sat. Jan 19 at 7 pm out of Freeport.  Transportation will be arranged for you.  We need to leave at about 5 pm on the 19th.  I will arrange a meeting place and relay it to you in a future e-mail.  The final tally will be $32 a person. I have paid for this already so you can reimburse me on the 19th and I can promptly blow all of that money on gambling.  Sadly, the gourmet dinner was not available on the Freeport cruise so we will have to suffer through a buffet dinner.  Let me know if you have any questions.  -Eric 
   <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 well i know that charlie was promoted and he hasn't done jack 
 I think you gave me a bad e-mail address for tom so can you find out if he is coming or not? 
 Are you coming? You are the last one to RSVP.  I need to know so I can make= the reservation.  -Eric 
 Are you coming? You are the last one to RSVP.  I need to know so I can make the reservation.  -Eric 
 Hey Brian,  The auction process concludes today and we should no who the winning bid is tomorrow.  It looks like it will be either UBS or Citigroup.  As far as our friends go: Bryan Hull got laid off and is looking for a job - he actually got offered to move back to risk but decided not to take the job b/c he thought he had something else in the bag - it turned out that he didn't;  Matt Lenhart - is still here and is in the same boat as I am; Tim Boucher - is still here and is handling the liquidation of EES' retail book - he may or may not continue on with EES depending on whether or not another company is willing to take a chance on EES - apparently there are some pkg deals in the works - he is also interviewing with other companies; Chad got laid off and is touring Europe for a month; Gillette got laid off and moved to India to teach English to young Indians (how crazy is she?); and Shanna still has a job at Enron in tax (the gov't always gets there $$) she is also looking for another job.  I think that just about covers everything.  I am sure that you have talked to Lenny and know his situation.  How is Hector holding up? I never hear anything from him - tell him I said hello.  BTW, Jason (my bro) get married in February.  Keep in touch- Eric 
 We are still wating on Bankruptcy court to decide our future.  The Dynegy deal fell through a couple of months ago.  My division (trading ops) will most likely be sold to either UBS or Citigroup.  Keep in touch.  Eric 
 did he tell you if he was coming or not? 
 I haven't heard back form Tom yet, but everyone else is going. Can you get in touch with him? 
 Hey Dad,  Did you get the link I sent on the Def Ann?  If so, what do you think?  Is there anything I missed?  I am still waiting on a couple of RSVPs for the bachelor party so I will let you know on the transport.  How are things otherwise? -E 
 Mom said you needed it:  2210 W. Dallas St., #212 Houston, Texas, 77019 
 Alright last e-mail:  We got clarification on the rooms.  The Pkg deal stays the same but if you want to get just the room with 2 breakfasts each day it is $79/night - if you want the Premium Room ( the only difference is that the Premium room has jets in the tub) then it is $103/night with no breakfast $115/night with breakfast. 
 no i am just hearing that most everyone got promoted 
 I forgot to mention that if you do not buy the pkg then lift tickets are about $55/person per day. I think we will probably just book the room and worry about the lift tickets ourselves. 
 Here is the info:  Mar 10-14  Caesars Tahoe Pkg rate is $300 for the first two nights and $172 for each additional night so - $644 total for 4 nights. The Pkg includes two lift tickets per day (3 total per person), voucher for the use of the spa daily, 2 daily brucnh buffets This is for the Regular Room  Regular rate for regular room is $79/night  Regular Rate for Jacuzzi Room is $89/night Sun through Tues and $145 for Wed  the regular rates do not include anything but the room   Airfare Continental offer nonstop for $370/person - flight time is 3.5 hours Other airlines offer 1 stop service for $275/person - flight time is 7 hours    Let me know when you decide  -Eric 
 I have not heard back from tommybomb or scott re: your bachelor party.  Maybe you would like to try them to see if they are going. I need to book the cruise ASAP though.  So let me know.  -E 
 Do you want to go to dinner on Friday with us and some friends.  Lil' Papasitos on Kirby. 
 Hey Mom,  Things are going well.  I heard you guys had a good time at the shower. I don't know Michael's address but I will get it.  When are we going to get together?  -Eric 
 We are going to Lil' Papasito's with some friends on Friday.  Just wanted to know if you wanted to join us.  -eric 
  I still haven't heard from you guys regarding the Bachelor Party. Let me know 
 Hey Brian,  Long time no hear.  How are things at Harvard?  I trust you had a good holiday period.  Are you still in Kentucky or back in Boston? How was the first round of finals?  Things are good down here.  I stayed in Houston for the holidays.  I still have a job.  The big date for us (in the trading group) is this Friday. That is when the bankruptcy court decides who is the best bidder for the trading group.  Hopefully we will get back to work sometime soon after that.  I really have done now work for the past 2 months.  Mostly just sitting around and researching mutual funds and doing crossword puzzles.  I have been coming in to work around 9 and leaving at about 2 everyday.  What oral surgeon did you go to to get your wisdom teeth out? Tim needs to get his out and was wondering if you recommended the surgeon that did yours?  Drop me a line when you get a chance.  -Eric 
 actually- i forgot to take the $40 out- so $184.50 
 Hey Harry,  How are things?  Have you found a job yet?  I trust the holidays went well for you.  Anyways,  I have a check for $74 for FFL - where can I send it?  -Eric 
 just wondering - mainly i was wondering if matt smith is a manager now? 
 your net payout is $224.50  how do you want me to get the check to you? 
 you owe $80 for the league.  $120 for dues minus $40 for winning the league pool one week. do you agree? 
 hey brian, the holidays were good.  it wasn't really that big of a break for me b/c we are still doing nothing at work.  how were your's? and how is the job search going? i am still trying to figure out the payouts for the league.  i think that you get 25% of the pot for 2nd place. the tigers' future looks pretty bright - esp with spurrier gone now.  how do you think they will be next year?   oh well, i hope things are going well.  lets try to get together for drinks sometime soon.  -eric 
 i haven't really thought of that yet.  i guess i will wait on the response that i get.  L, e 
   The time has finally come for us to mourn the loss of another one of our fallen brethren.  Yes Jason Bass, my brother, will be getting married Feb. 2.  So, with that in mind it is time to set up the festivities for the bachelor party.  The party will be Saturday, Jan. 19.  I was thinking about taking the gambling/drinking cruise out of Freeport (about 30 mins south of Houston) called The Texas Treasure (www.txtreasure.com).  The cost should run about $50 a person for the cruise - drinks and "gourmet" dinner included or $35/person for drinks and buffet dinner.  Let me know which one you would prefer.  I personally prefer the better dinner.  Gambling expenses are not included in the above calculations.  The cruise sails from 7PM - 1AM.  Let me know if you can make it and, if so, what choice of dinner you would like ASAP so I can make arrangements.  -Eric 
 you need to forward the invite to your buddy that you didn't provide me with e-mail 
 The time has finally come for us to mourn the loss of another one of our fallen brethren.  Yes Jason Bass, my brother, will be getting married Feb. 2.  So, with that in mind it is time to set up the festivities for the bachelor party.  The party will be Saturday, Jan. 19.  I was thinking about taking the gambling/drinking cruise out of Freeport (about 30 mins south of Houston) called The Texas Treasure (www.txtreasure.com).  The cost should run about $50 a person for the cruise - drinks and "gourmet" dinner included or $35/person for drinks and buffet dinner.  Let me know which one you would prefer.  I personally prefer the better dinner.  Gambling expenses are not included in the above calculations.  The cruise sails from 7PM - 1AM.  Let me know if you can make it and, if so, what choice of dinner you would like ASAP so I can make arrangements.  -Eric 
 Congrats on the engagement. Sounds like a great evening.  I hope your holidays went well otherwise.  Sorry I didn't get to see ya.  Next time perhaps.  -Eric  PS I hope you caught the Holiday Bowl - the best game I have seen in awhile. 
 my address 4848 Pin Oak Pk #1503 77081 
 <http://www.txtreasure.com/>  what do you think about this.  and you still need to send me a list of invitees (with e-mail)   and the date of the party.  -e 
 who all got promoted on your desk? 
 <http://personal400.fidelity.com/products/annuities/> 
 Hey Joe,  Tom said you were looking for Missy's and Donnie's numbers.  Missy is 502-327-1406.  I think you already talked to Donnie.  I hope your holidays went well.  -Eric 
 http://crosswords.about.com/library/features/dailyxwd/wed/blxwdwed.htm 
 No problem.  Thanks for playing.  Hopefully we can keep in touch and have the same people next year.  I will be settling the league up shortly and will send you a check.  How are things going otherwise?  -Eric 
 i changed it 
 I booked your honeymoon. 
 Now keep in mind that you have $2300 to spend via me.  If you want to pick up the incremental cost yourself then I will book it and you can reimburse.  Or you have two options, you can remove the travel insurance to lower the cost to you or you can book for one less night.  Let me know.  -e 
 which al's formal wear? 
 do you want me to book this or what? 
 Linked to this e-mail is a spreadsheet that breaks down weekly pool winnings and the playoffs.  Let me know if I have screwed something up.  -Eric 
 that is disgusting - you are a pervert 
 that is fine with me 
 trying to gauge interest for a get together at my place for the saints tonight.  let me know 
 Do you still think that Colorado is going to win straight up? 
 i'll ask 
 i doubt it - he usually shops in town for his 
 new orleans was fun.  the wedding was nice and it was good to get away for the weekend.  how was your weekend? as far as enron, i think long term it is a buy, but wall street has no confidence in managament and there is definately a negative sentiment.  i think in the short term we will definately see the teens. -e 
 sorry i am so late in returning the e-mail, but have been on vacation since last wednesday.  as far as enron, it looks like another down day today on the open.  i hate to tell you to sell now, but i wouldn't want to own enron right now.  i could see enron moving down to the teens much easier than moving up to the thirties.  i might just sell now and look to buy back lower.  let me know what you think  -e 
 Hello,  My W-2 seems to be wrong.  My Wages appear to be significantly understated.  What do I need to do to rectify the problem?  Thanks,  Eric Bass x3-0977 
 i just found that you could stay at highland lodge for 4 nights starting dec 13 and receive 4 lift tkts for that time period for $1600 total.  that is not bad ehh? 
 <http://vail.snow.com/pb.ldg.book.asp>  how about highlands lodge for Dec 13 for 5 nights?  it says something about buy one night get one free 
 we have eaten at urbana, ibiza, and masraffs. i have heard good things about zula and benjy's ( benjy's can get crowded though) 
 due to the early game this week, please have your add/drops in the system by noon tomorrow (wednesday).  thanks,  eric 
 brett, just wanted to drop you a line to tell you that my new e-mail address is eric.bass@enron.com.  hope all is well  -eric 
 i have yet to get my cipro.  when i get a spare $700 i will run out and get some.  keep me posted on the trip.  i probably need to plan it soon so that i can plan for vacation time.  love, e 
 Are we going to plan one for Dec? 
 it is his spitting image.  maybe he can grow up to be an overrated nfl qb just like his dad 
 not as cute as a lab :)    Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't know if you got these. 
 Can you spell S-N-O-O-T-Y?  e 
 The new deal #s are 147888,147889.  -E 
 I think I sent this to the worng e-mail address the first time(selliott rather than shelliott), but we are going to Woody's tonight if you want to join us.  -E 
 We are going to Woody's tonight if you are interested.   -e 
 Third again? And behind coffman? You can drink your cosmopolitans alone tonight!     Enron North America Corp. 
 Can you invalidate these deals so I can change the counterparty?  Thanks,  Eric 
 Your P&L tonight was down 7,500, including Elsa and Carey.  Storage was 9,000 up.  The AGA was 133 withdrawal.  Your position is short 40.  We'll see you tomorrow.  Dave and Bryan 
 bet you wish you had toomer now 
 a little snooty huh? 
 Are you sure this is Gas Mktg?  I have a deal ticket that shows Reliant.  -Eric 
 Hey Danny,  When does the next flag football season start at the YMCA?  We would like to play in the next league.  Also,  are you planning to have another flag football tournament this summer?  If so, when?  Thanks,  Eric 
 I think you are just trying to avoid me!  It's been two weeks, huh?  I'll be up late tonight watching the national championship, so give me a call when you get in.  -e 
 Same to you! And I hope you and your family have a HAPPY NEW YEAR!  -E 
 SCREW YOU!!! 
 Hey Melissa,  Sorry I haven't gotten back to you sooner but I have been using up my last bit of vacation.  I have been keeping track of the accrual value estimate but I want to get some confirmation from the transport and marketing groups on how we want to account for it.  I'll let you know soon.  -Eric    Enron North America Corp. 
 Are you going to return my e-mail? Toomer, Freeman, and Mcnabb for Bruce.   That is a great deal for you. 
 Thought you might like to know! 
 Hey,  Friday is fine with me.  Just let me know what time you are available.  I will be off tomorrow and Friday, so you can reach me at home.  If not, I'll give you a call tomorrow night.  -e 
 Thought you might like this.  -e 
 vacation! 
 Things are really good.  I am enjoying work b/c I have assumed a lot more responsibility.  I am looking forward to some vacation time, though.  How are you doing?  -Eric 
 DONE! Anything else Entex man?  -E    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hey Janet,  Here is the info you requested.  The deal started in Oct -1997 and ends in June - 2002.  Daily Quantity is 28,500 MMBtus.  See attached.    -Eric 
 Imelda,  Those people that require a Risk Management Role are: Eric Bass Michael Walters O'neal Winfree David Baumbach Bryan Hull Heidi Withers   Those people that require a Trader Role are: Thomas Martin Cary Metz Elsa Villareal William Falbaum   -Eric 
 You can send future lists to me.  Thanks,  Eric 
 I am in Risk Management for the HPLC/Texas Desk 
 The ticket numbers are 108210, 108058.   -Eric 
 are you going to go to this with me? 
 http://www.denverpost.com/broncos/brnx0408sa.htm 
 if you get a good deal - i will throw in toomer 
 in 
 thanks 
 Brett,  Just thought I'd drop you a line.  Cool site, I guess you have too much spare time on your hands. Nothing too exciting is going on here in h-town - just working.  I am trading gas futures and other derivatives for Enron- it can get exciting at times (lots of $ flying trading hands), but I haven't got to blow anything up like you, so I feel that my life is somewhat lacking. Big news on Marilyn - I had thought that you broke up before your foray to Ft. Sill.  Do you get to see each other much?  Where are you currently stationed?  Drop me a line next time you come to houston?  -out 
 Hey Gillette,  The heat rate is going to depend on the type of fuel and the construction date of the unit.  Unfortunately, most of that info is proprietary.  Chris Gaskill is the head of our fundamentals group and he might be able to supply you with some of the guidelines.  -Bass    Enron North America Corp. 
 can you make reservations for 7:00 at beef and bird?  thanks, e 
 yeah i will be there  who all is going to sierra and what time? 
 yeah i mentioned that you are looking to rotate.  i would give him a call 
 my address is : 2302 Travis St. #8225 77006 
 Mcnabb and Freeman for Bruce 
 no. i didn't know that.  i guess it will be like def comedy jam 
 we will get there early and get a table.  it is on 59 feeder in between kirby and shepherd (north side of 59) 
 we were thinking lupe tortillas @ 6:30 
 i got your tickets 
 That sounds good. I don't care - just tell me what kind of food and price range you are looking for. You need to go to ticketmaster and but tickets for the show. Let me know if you need me to get the tkts for you.  -Eric 
 gosset is going to fire me? 
 hey mom,  yeah, my tires were flat and the wheels slipped out from under me, so I ate it.  how have you been.  it has been a long week.  love,  eric 
 I will give you Bill Schroeder/Darnell Autry and Kyle Brady for Frank Wycheck 
 in 
 Shanna and I would love to come.  -e 
 This is not me.  Sorry,  Eric 
 My location is EB 3211D.  Thanks,  Eric 
 that sounds great     Enron North America Corp. 
 That's it.  Thanks to plove I am no longer entering my own deals. 
 you like that 
 you and your pussy gmat class 
 whats the skinny on tonight? 
 you know i'm out and dave is out of  town 
 the bucket - that is a great name 
 Does anybody want to go see him on Friday March 30?  Let me know. 
 Just a reminder to you basketball freaks!   http://www.sportingnews.com/voices/tom_dienhart/20010312.html 
 For your viewing pleasure . . . 
 it is a complex on revere street which is just east of kirby on westheimer. it is where james used to live. they have 1bedroom/studies so that is nice. 
 Anybody up for going to Keneally's tonight to watch the Rockets game.  Beer, Golden Tee, and cheap pizza.  Let me know. 
 hey mom,  things are going well.  not much new though.  how are you?  i am planning on moving but probably to an apartment in the river oaks area.  -e 
 Here is my info:  logon id : ebass password: horns6champs lotus pword : epbass  Thanks,  Eric 
 plove has a pool 
 the st regis looks nice. http://houston.citysearch.com/profile/11355508/ also, the westin galleria, wydham warwick, the hyatt regency downtown.  as far as the limo - just tell him to go to houston.citysearch.com.      Enron North America Corp. 
 http://houston.citysearch.com/profile/9867948/ 
 There are no rainouts in this league - so try to show up by 8:30 
 anthonys sounds good to me - 7 it is 
 they wrote an article on us?    Enron Capital Management 
 7:00 preferably 
 Hey Dad,  Did you talk to the better half?  I was thinking Trulucks but if you can't attend I understand.  Let me know,  Eric 
 friday is better but that is fine    Enron North America Cor