 native Americans, need to understand.  First of  all, it is not our responsibility to continually try not to offend you  in any way. This idea of America being a multi-cultural community has  served only to dilute our sovereignty and our national identity. As  Americans, we have our own culture, our own society, our own language,  and our own lifestyle. This culture, called the "American Way" has been  developed over centuries of struggles, trials, and victories by millions  of men and women who have sought freedom. Our forefathers fought, bled,  and died at places such as Bunker Hill, Antietam, San Juan, Iwo Jima,  Normandy, Korea, Vietnam.  We speak English, not Spanish, Arabic,  Chinese, Japanese, Russian, or any other language. Therefore, if you  wish to become part of our society -- learn our language!  "In  God We Trust" is our national motto. This is not some off-the-wall, Christian, Right Wing, political slogan -- it is our national motto. It is engraved in stone in the House of Representatives in our Capitol and it is printed on our currency. We adopted this motto because Christian  men and women, on Christian principles, founded this nation; and this is  clearly documented throughout our history. If it is appropriate  for our motto to be inscribed in the halls of our highest level of  Government, then it is certainly appropriate to display it on the walls  of our schools.  God is in our pledge, our National Anthem,  nearly every patriotic song, and in our founding documents. We honor His  birth, death, and resurrection as holidays, and we turn to Him in prayer  in times of crisis. If God offends you, then I suggest you consider  another part of the world as your new home, because God is part of our  culture and we are proud to have Him.  We are proud of our heritage and those who have so honorably defended our freedoms. We celebrate Independence Day, Memorial Day, Veterans Day, and Flag Day. We  have parades, picnics, and barbecues where we proudly wave our flag.  As an American, I have the right to wave my flag, sing my national  anthem, quote my national motto, and cite my pledge whenever and wherever I choose. If the Stars and Stripes offend you, or you don't  like Uncle Sam, then you should seriously consider a move to another  part of this planet.  The American culture is our way of life,  our heritage, and we are proud of it. We are happy with our culture and  have no desire to change, and we really don't care how you did things  where you came from. We are Americans, like it or not, this is our  country, our land, and our lifestyle.  Our First Amendment gives every citizen the right to express his opinion about our government, culture, or society, and we will allow you every opportunity to do so. But once you are done complaining, whining, and griping about our flag, our pledge, our national motto, or our way of life, I highly  encourage you take advantage of one other great American freedom, the  right to leave.  Barry Loudermilk If you agree, pass this  onto other Americans!! It is time to take a  stand!! 
 COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) - Football practice was delayed on Tuesday for nearly two hours at Texas A&M University.  One of the players, while on his way to the locker room, happened to look down and notice a suspicious looking, unknown white powdery substance on the practice field. Practice was immediately suspended by Coach R.C. Slocum while the FBI was called in to investigate.  After a complete field analysis, the FBI determined that the foreign white substance that they found was the goal line. 
 Congratulations!  That is FANTASTIC!  When is the date?  When will you next be in town?  I'll buy you a beer in celebration.  Take care,  Don 
 Hey y'all,  Please, comply with the following request from Eservices.  Let's run throug= h the paces every a.m.  In addition, please review the previous Manitoba Bu= siness Procedures. =20 Thanks, Don   An extension of the Services contract with Manitoba (MHEB) has been signed = and begins tomorrow, November 1st.  In addition to purchasing from MHEB, we= need to focus heavily on selling to MHEB.  With the change of season, MHEB= may frequently be short.  As with purchases, EPMI will split any net savin= gs with MHEB and adjust their Reference Price accordingly- see 'M:Eservices= /MIDWEST SERVICE DEALS/Manitoba/Manitoba Hydro Services Deal Procedures.doc= . I realize that  market conditions have not been favorable for doing much = business with MHEB, but we need to give this deal more attention.  We are w= orking on other business opportunities with MHEB, and how we handle this de= al will affect future relationships with them.    In an effort to generate = information with which to formulate strategies to better service MHEB, plea= se maintain the price log located at: M:Eservices/MIDWEST SERVICE DEALS/Man= itoba/MHEB Price Log/MHEB November'01.doc. In addition to prices, both hour= ly and next day, record any relevant market information (see the log for ex= amples). Include responsibility for handling MHEB in the daily transition t= o the night shift.  Dean will coordinate these efforts. Please call me (cel= l - 713-962-0526) with any questions.  Thank you!=20  JD 
 Thanks Marci!  DB 
 Absolutley!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Sorry Lisa, No trades done at CINergy yesterday.  I thought there were.  Don 
 Chuck,  I have been on vacation since the middle of last week.  I have now received your multiple emails and vmails.  As you are well aware Enron is dealing with a multitude of challenges at the current time.  I appreciate your and Miles' patience regarding the possibility of Enron creating and trading a TradersNews Cinergy product on EOL.  We are currently still evaluating the TradersNews historical data and market conditions pertaining to the viability of such a product.  I will contact you as soon as I am able to move forward with this project on this side.  The best way to reach me is currently via e-mail.  Thanks,  Don Baughman Commercial Manager Enron Power Marketing, Inc. 713-853-0392 
 Daniel,  Sunday afternoon sometime.  Can be down for an hour or so.  Drop me a line if you need anything else.-  Don 
 Got it!  Thanks, Don 
 Frank was excited about his new rifle. So, he went bear hunting. He spotted a small brown bear and shot it. There was then a tap on his shoulder, and he turned around to see a big black bear. The black bear said: "You've got two choices. I either maul you to death or we have rough sex." Frank decided to bend over. Even though he felt sore for two weeks, Frank soon recovered and vowed revenge. He headed out on another trip where he found the black bear and shot it. There was another tap on his shoulder. This time a huge grizzly bear stood right next to him. The grizzly said: "That was a huge mistake, Frank. You've got two choices. Either I maul you to death or we have REALLY rough sex."Again, Frank thought it was better to comply. Although he survived, it would take several months before Frankfinally recovered. Outraged he headed back to the woods, managed totrack down the grizzly and shot it. He felt sweet revenge, but then there was a tap on his shoulder. He turned around to find a giant polar bear standing there. The polar bear said: "Admit it, Frank, you don't come here for the hunting, do you?" 
 24 Hour Group,  OATI has a new website for the testing of the NEW Etag 1.7.  Please run through common & uncommon hourly transaction paths in order to help OATI work out the bugs and so that we may become proficient at using this new tagging format.  We have four usernames so play with, when you have time.  Website:    http://www.oati.net Username: Enron1-4 Password: colddays  Thanks,  DB   The OATI Etag 1.7 User Interface is under continuous development. Feedback and ideas from customers is appreciated! Please send all comments, concerns and complaints concerning the Etag 1.7 Demo system to ideas@oatiinc.com <mailto:ideas@oatiinc.com>. 
 Lyle,  Thanks for the note.  How did the hunt go?  Did you have to bring decoys?  How did the guides do callin' in the ducks?  Looking forward to hearing from you.  Thanks,  Don Baughman Commercial Manager Enron Power Marketing, Inc. 800-349-5527 
 Anytime after the AGA is fine. Say 3:30 or so.  Thanks,  Don 
 Amigo, Good to hear from you.  Yeah, the pending merger with Dynegy will greatly impact our business.  We are not sure what the power trading desk will look like in the new structure.  Dynegy has a sizable real-time trading desk due to it's assets.  The good thing is that I just signed a two year contract, about a month ago.  How is your gig?  Best wishes,  Don Cliff Baughman Jr. Commercial Manager Enron Power Marketing, Inc. Desk:	(800) 349-5527 Cell:	(281) 787-0029 
 Thanks, amigo!  I needed that!  Bad day!  Feel like shit, and Enron is melting down around us!  Bev.s tomorrow sounds great!  Maybe backgammon later.  Adios,  DB 
 Dear Friends and Family  Come Join the Fun!  Don Baughman Jr. Will be 31!  Sunday November 18, 2001 3:00 P.M.  Baughman Home- Iowa Colony  Bar -B-Q by Travis  Given by: Mom, Dad,Travis,Andrea, Troy, and Shelby  RSVP: 281-431-2987  See Ya'll Soon! 
 Deal will not close until Q3 2002.  Good, just got back from Mexico, hunting dove.  Shannon got an apt. We are still talking, trying to figure things out.  How have you been?  Talk to you soon.  Don 
 Due to the pending merger with Dynegy and regulations pertaining to this transaction.  The 24 Hour group will NOT transact with Illinois Power (IP) in the realtime power market.  If you have any questions, please send me an email or call.  Thanks,  Don Cell:	281-787-0029 Home:	281-557-2068 
 Hey Bobby,  Here's all the good stuff:  dbaughman@houston.rr.com Cell: 281-787-0029 WK: 713-553-0392  Hope all goes well.  Don 
 Realtime power interchange schedule paths to be considered for analysis/beta testing for OATI Webtrader:  Paths: NSP(G)-MAPP-AMRN-TVA-SOCO-GTC-JEA-FPL(L) MHEB(G)-MAPP-TVA-SOCO-JEA-SEC-FPC(L) IP(G)-AEP-ATSI-PJM(L) PJM(G)-NYISO-NEEPOOL(L) PJM(G)-AP-AEP-DUK-SCEG-SOCO-JEA(L) EES(G)-TVA-AEP-MECS(L)   Potential Long/Short positions. IP(G)-AEP-ATSI-PJM(L) DPL(G)-AEP-TVA-SOCO(L) WR(G)-SWPP-MAPP-ALT-CE-ATC-WEC(L) AECI(G)-AMRN-TVA-SOCO(L) MHEB(G)-MAPP-AMRN-AEP-AP-PJM(L)  EPMI Hourly completes approxmitly 5 tags per hour.   Have a safe trip.  Give me a call if you get there and need some help.  Don 713-853-0392 
 I'm ready for the fishing!  I was able to ride on Joe's boat after he got it, very nice.  It should run very skinny.  I hope all is well.  Later, DB 
  Subject:	FW: Happy Birthday Don Jr.  > Dear Friends and Family > > Come Join the Fun! > > Don Baughman Jr. Will be 31! > > Sunday November 18, 2001 3:00 P.M. > > Baughman Home- Iowa Colony > > Bar -B-Q by Travis > > Given by: Mom, Dad,Travis,Andrea, Troy, and Shelby > > RSVP: 281-431-2987 > > See Ya'll Soon! 
 It's about time you got your email to work!  I called several times this weekend on your cell, no reply.  I hope your hunting trip went well.  Thanks for my birthday supper and present, I had a great time.  Talk to you soon.  Don 
 Bad-dream Shotwell,  I got your e-mail address from Andrea Korth Walters the other day.  I tried to get a hold of you earlier in the year, to no avail.  Just wanted to catch up, and go drink a beer and eat a cheeseburger.  Doing fine down here in Houston.  I bought a house in League City.  In addition, I asked Shannon to marry me but that fell through during the summer.  We are trying to see if we can salvage any of the relationship.  I am doing well at Enron, managing the real-time power trading desk and trading.  Enron, as you have seen in the paper, is experiencing some trouble.  We are reasonably sure we will merge with Dynegy in mid to late 2002.  Family is doing well; my sister is about to have her second baby.  Travis is back from his year and a half tour in Europe, and took a position with Cemex as an account manager.  Dad is about 3/4 retired and he and mom are doing a fair amount of hunting & fishing.  Travis & I are gonna spend Thanksgiving in West Texas, deer hunting.  How's life in Hooterville?  I heard that you are full on retired! FANTASTIC!  What are you doing these days to keep yourself busy?  Hopefully consuming large quantities of beer & tequila and blowing you eardrums out with Jimmy Buffett!  Tell when you are not busy and I will drive up, or have you down to the house and the bayhouse.  Hope to hear from you soon.  Drop me a line when you have a chance!  Adios,  Don C. Baughman Jr. Commercial Manager Enron Power Marketing, Inc. Office: 713-853-0392 Home: 281-557-2068 Cell:    281-787-0029 
 TJ, Please advise Carmen and other relevant staff of the following Real-time Traders and Schedulers working during the Thanksgiving Holiday for payroll purposes:  Thursday and Friday (2 days Holiday Pay) Alex McElreath Maricio Trejo Jason Berlin Brant Reves  Thursday or Friday (1 day Holiday Pay) Jason Choate Gretchen Lotz Larry F. Campbell Ashish Mahajan Andrew Greer Jay Blaine David Maskell George Phillips John Kinser SUENG-TAEK Oh   Thank you for your help on this matter.  Best Regards,  Don Baughman 713-853-0392 
 TJ, Please advise Carmen and other relevant staff of the following Real-time Traders and Schedulers working during the Thanksgiving Holiday for payroll purposes:  Thursday and Friday (2 days Holiday Pay) Alex McElreath Maricio Trejo Jason Berlin Brant Reves Joseph Stepenovitch Brian Terp  Thursday or Friday (1 day Holiday Pay) Jason Choate Gretchen Lotz Larry F. Campbell Ashish Mahajan Andrew Greer Jay Blaine David Maskell George Phillips John Kinser SUENG-TAEK Oh Miguel Garcia David Ingram Brian Terp Dean Laurent  Thank you for your help on this matter.  Best Regards,  Don Baughman 713-853-0392 
 Kim, please disregard the fist message, I missed a couple of guys.  Thanks, Don 
 Hola, FYI, if you need to contact a scheduler regarding preschedule checkout, here's who to call.  Hope all is well.  Drop me a line or call if y'all need anything.  Thanks,  Don Wk.: 713-853-0392 Cell: 281-787-0029 Hm: 281-557-2068 
