are several months of data we will be better able to identify which activities were stressed by increased business and which activities seemed to absorb increased business more easily.  I also think that Jeff will be the best source of information about ideas on streamlining, opportunities to simply life at Enron and perhaps create value externally.  All of the advances made over the last several years (auto-confirm, the DECAF system, auto-faxing, digitized signatures, document scanning, etc. ) in our confirm group have been ideas generated by the business group and led by them for implementation.  No doubt, Jeff has some good ideas on where to go next. 
 I will be out of the office from Wednesday, July 26 through Friday, July 28. I am taking my older daughter on a preliminary look at colleges.  I will have my cell phone with me -- the number is 713-417-1591.   My assistant, Patti Thompson, will have hotel phone numbers where I can be reached as well.  The following persons will be key contacts for trading operations while I am out:  Natural Gas Operations  Brent Price   x37647   (7/31 & 8/1:  Steve Jackson x37070) Power Operations   Stacey White  x31870   (7/31 & 8/1:  Kristin Albrecht x34763) Financial Products Operations Sheila Glover  x33210 Coal, Pulp & Paper, LNG  Scott Earnest  x31746 Weather     Todd Hall    x31957  DPR      Mike Moscoso  x35242 MPR      David Maxwell  x316983  I will be working in ENA's and MG's Chicago offices on Monday and Tuesday, July 31 and August 1.  Patti has contact numbers for me at both offices. Key contacts in Houston are those listed above, with changes noted for Gas and Power Operations on July 31 and August 1.  I will be back in the Houston office on Wednesday, August 2. 
 I will be in the Chicago office on Monday, July 31.  I will be sorry to miss a lunch at Brennan's!  Enjoy  it without me.  --Sally 
 Brenda,  Per my earlier email, Sally will be out of the office Wed-Fri of this week, so she will be unable to attend.  PT 
 Joya,  I put in on Sally's calendar.  Patti 
 FYI 
 The following persons will be in attendance at 11:30 am in EB50M on July 21st for lunch, in addition to the two of you:  Enron Employees:  Shawn Cumberland - President and COO, CALME (UT BBA; UT JD) Sally Beck - VP, ENA and Global Risk Management Operations (UT BBA; UT MBA) Brent Price - VP, ENA (UT PPA) David Mitchell - Associate (recent grad - UT MBA) Jennifer Martinez - Associate (recent grad - UT MBA) Luis Mena - Analyst (recent UT grad) Catherine Pernot (recent UT grad) Lexi Elliott - Analyst Program - UT Recruiter Christy Young - Associate Program - UT Recruiter   UT Summer Associates: Cantekin Dincerler Steven Luong Michelle Sandner Adam Thomas  UT Summer Analysts: Brenton Baxter Matt Davis Eric Efron Katherine Jett Jiyeon Kim Joanna Li Dana Lipp Amy Mohan Denise Olson Neil Rajan Angelique Woods  Thanks for making the time to attend.  This should be a great opportunity to meet with these UT students as they near the end of their summer internships with Enron. 
 Sounds like fun, and you are definitely planning ahead! 
 Flight times are good.  Please insure that my hotel reservation is for a non-smoking room.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 FYI - My reply to Peggy 
 I got your message and I have asked Brent to get with me when he is back in the office on Friday ( he has been in New York re: MG since Monday night). Together we will do two things:  (1) devise a foolproof plan to insure an excellent level of service to Calgary starting immediately, and (2) work with Mark Taylor to understand his concerns over the movement of confirmation preparation to Calgary and to eliminate his concerns.  We will keep you posted on both items.  --Sally     Peggy Hedstrom 07/19/2000 12:02 PM 
 How do we get the right focus on support for Calgary?  Mark Taylor wanted to hold up transferring confirm responsibility to Calgary, so we still need to provide excellent service to them.  While I can appreciate that Diane is out, that should actually be a red flag to us to pay even closer attention to the Calgary stuff.  Every screw up looks big to them, and they can't understand how mistakes continue to happen.  While I know that they can't appreciate the vast number of transactions that the group is currently handling, we still need to be able to deliver top notch service.  Unfortunately, we stub our toe enough with Calgary that they view of our operation is one that delivers pretty poor to average service.  That is a terrible internal PR issue.  Let's put our heads together on not just the confirm issue but all of our dealings with Calgary so that we quickly turn around our error rate (and/or their perceptions) and  can sustain excellent service. I am copying Susan because she has dealt recently with an issue brought to our attention by  Rob Milnthorp (president of Enron Canada).  She responded to Rob quickly and handled things professionally, so she may not have shared the details with you at the time.  But now we need to look at all of our outstanding, potential or past issues with Calgary and get a solution in place.  She can fill you in on the details in that situation.  Susan:  Do you have any ideas on how we can reshape our image with Calgary? 
 I have been traveling on business and also have just returned from vacation, so I have not yet seen the proposal that you referenced.  I will hopefully discover it as I go through my inbox in the next few days. 
 Thanks for including me.  Congratulations on Emily.  I know that you and she will be getting used to one another over the next few weeks, and that sleep will definitely be a scarce commodity.  Those first few weeks can be both wonderful and terrible at the same time.  Savor the baby stage as much as you can, and before you know it Emily will be cooing and responding to you in a way that makes all of the sleepless nights just melt away.  Enjoy your new role as mom -- it is a wonderful, life-long experience!  --Sally 
 Please join Sally Beck, Rick Causey, David Haug and all the UT Summer Interns for lunch this Friday, July 21 at 11:30 AM.  Location will be EB 50M Dining Room.  Please RSVP to me by email or phone.  We look forward to seeing you!  Thanks, Patti x39106 Sally Beck's Assistant 
 Confirmation of date & time for UT Summer Analysts & Associates Luncheon:  Date:  Friday, July 21 Time: 11:30 AM Location: EB 50M Dining Room 
 This is my first day back from vacation.  We need to augement e:mail so that requests sent when someone is on vacation can be routed elsewhere if urgent.  This is request is approved.  Why are there so many different formats for granting systems access?  Some have an approval button, some don't.  You requested a return e:mail.  It seems as if each time I look at one of these it is different.  The status button and detail button below contain no information. 
 Bobbie,  Sally is on vacation this week, but she can be available for that meeting unless she has to travel to NYC next week.  I will put it on her calendar & will confirm with you as soon as I know more (Monday at the latest).  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Per Sally's instructions - I am forwarding this document to you.  Patti x39106 
 Is there anything that I can do to help you and Jo?  Tyler has school on Tuesdays and Thursdays, but my nanny is at home with him on the other days. Would it help for her to take Albert?  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/28/2000 05:46 PM 
 James,  I didn't see your name on the distribution for this so I'm forwarding it to you.  Patti 
 Today's ENA PRC was a pre-ranking session for VP's.  All VP's will be reviewed at an Enron-wide PRC scheduled for early August.  Representatives at that Enron PRC from ENA will be Janet Dietriech, Dave Delainey, John Lavorato and Greg Piper.  They will use information from today's ENA PRC meeting in representing you at the Enron-wide VP PRC.  I have provided copies of your accomplishments and consolidated supervisor feedback forms to Dave Delainey for reference during that process.  Your reviews will be given after the Enron-wide VP PRC, and will not be completed before the end of July.  I will schedule an August date with you for your review as soon as I know the exact date of the final PRC meeting.  Separately, you both should sign up for the Executive Influence and Impact course that is required of VP's.  I thought that the course was very good. All VP's are strongly encouraged to complete this course.  It is a 2 or 3 day course that is offered every month or two here in Houston.  I would contact Dick Amiable to inquire on how to sign up for this. 
 I will be hosting a cookout at my home for OU summer interns, recently hired OU grads and the OU recruiting team on Sunday, July 30th in the late afternoon.  More details will follow soon, but I wanted to let you know the date so that you can hold this on your calendar.  I will look forward to hopefully seeing all of you there.  And my husband will be glad to be surrounded by many fellow Sooners! 
 Thanks for the update.  I am confident that with leadership from you and attention from Bryce that AEC will be satisfied soon.  --Sally 
 Rob:  Let me know if you get feedback from AEC that does not indicate that they are getting what they need.  Susan and Bryce are both very capable and responsive, so I am confident that AEC's questions can be resolved quickly. --Sally 
 Please join us for an informal lunch on Friday, July 21st in the dining room in EB50M.   Rick Causey, Enron's executive lead for the Analyst Program, and David Haug, Enron's executive lead for the Associates Program, have been invited to join us as well.  We are interested in renewing acquaintances with those of you whom we met on campus and in getting to know those of you whom we did not see in the interview process.  We hope that you are enjoying your summer assignments at Enron and we look forward to the opportunity to visit over lunch.  Please let me know by return e:mail if you will be able to attend the lunch. 
 Today was the final ENA PRC.  Relative ranking results up through the Senior Director level are final.  You and your management team can begin the process of giving performance reviews to your employees.  I spoke with Sheila Walton today to inquire about an expected time frame for completing and conducting the employee reviews.  She indicated that the target completion date should be the end of July.  Promotions will be effective August 1st.  It is Dave Delainey's intent to announce ENA promotions sometime after he returns from vacation on July 24. This drives the end of July target completion date for reviews.   I do not yet know if Delainey wants all ENA promotions to be announced in a single memo, or if each group within ENA will prepare such a memo.  I will keep you updated on this as I get direction from him.  Please note the following change since our Energy Operations PRC in June.  In order to place focus on the qualitative feedback during this mid-year review process, we will not share performance clusters with employees when conducting their reviews.   It is very important for all of us to be consistent in this process, so please communicate this to all in your groups who will be giving performance reviews.  It is important to note, however, that the content of an employee's review should be consistent with our view of that employee's relative ranking.  In other words, an employee in the Satisfactory category should not be given a review that simply states that the employee is doing a great job.   Clearly, a large number of employees performed at a higher level than those employees in the Satisfactory category, so the feedback to that employee should include some specific areas of improvement needed in order for the employee to make a stronger impact in the organization, help you achieve the groups goals, etc.  Also please note the following:  Performance reviews for anyone in the Satisfactory, Needs Improvement or Issues categories must be reviewed by HR prior to these reviews being given to the employees.  This will ensure that our feedback is commensurate with the relative performance of that employee.  (This has been the stated process for the bottom two categories, and we are adding Satisfactory to this process as well.) Please remember to include a more experienced member of your management team, yourself, or an HR professional in reviews being conducted by inexperienced members of your management team, or those management team members where you have a concern over their ability or willingness to deliver candid and perhaps tough performance feedback.  I believe that we have spent some time in identifying these situations.  I ask your help to ensure that we follow through on this commitment.  Thanks for all of your efforts in making this mid-year PRC process a meaningful one.       It is Dave Delainey's intent to announce It if 0 
 Just a reminder for Monday to get this for me.  Too bad they didn't deliver these!  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Brenda:  I mentioned to Tom that I will be on vacation the week of July 10, so I will not attend the July 12th meeting.  Please remind him of that. Thanks. 
 I heard from Andrew regarding the status of a business continuity plan. Attached is a short presentation that he sent me that I thought you would like to see.  Any interest in meeting with Andrew to get more detail?  I plan to get with him.  Let me know and I will be glad to set something up. 
 FYI 
 Just wanted to let you know where we will be over the next week.  I am still at the office hoping to get away before dinner so that I can head home and pack.  I will call when we are back in Houston on Sunday, July 16.  Mom and Dad, hope that you have fun if you are going on your trip!  Love, Sally  Saturday, July 8, 2000  Holiday Inn - Covington, LA Telephone:  504-893-3580 Confirmation #:  68123379  Sunday - Saturday AM July 9-15, 2000  Beachside II Condominium Unit #4300 Sandestin Resort Destin, FL Telephone:  850-267-4300  Saturday PM , July 15, 2000  Holiday Inn - Lafayette, LA Telephone:  800-942-4868 Confirmation #:  68127270   SALLY'S CELL PHONE: 713-417-1591  DAVID'S CELL PHONE: 713-299-1436 
 Just a reminder about my being on vacation next week.  I also wanted to let you know that I gave your names as contacts while I am out!  --Sally 
 As mentioned, I will be out on vacation next week.  This contact list should be helpful if you need anything while I am out.  --Sally 
 Lunch on August 2nd works well for me.  I have it on the calendar.  I am planning a cook-out at my house on Sunday, July 30th for Enron summer interns from OU and recent hires from OU.  Mike McConnell and his wife plan to join us.  If you are in Houston, I hope that you will be able to join us too. Probably around 5:00 PM -- invitations should go out in the next few days with specifics.  Wanted to get the date on your calendar, however.  Let me know if you will be in town.  --Sally 
 This looks good.  Please send this wherever it should go.  Thanks. 
 Home and cell phone number are correct.  I do not have a pager.  --Sally 
 I will be out of the office on vacation from Monday, July 10 through Friday, July 14.  Patti Thompson, my assistant (x39106), has telephone numbers where I can be reached if needed.  In my absence, please contact the following persons in Houston with questions.  Peggy Hedstrom is the appropriate contact in Calgary.  Natural Gas Operations  Brent Price   x37647 Power Operations   Kristin Albrecht  x34763 Financial Products Operations Sheila Glover  x33210 Coal, Pulp & Paper, LNG  Scott Earnest  x31746 Weather     Todd Hall    x31957  DPR      Mike Moscoso  x35242 MPR      Todd Hall   x31957  I will be back in the office on Monday, July 17. 
 What do these changes do to you?  --Sally 
 Attached are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000.  I should have had these for you on Tuesday for your PRC.  Hopefully, better late than never.  I am not certain how the coporate-wide PRC process will work in late July for VP's.  I have provided a copy of this to Dave Delainey for the ENA PRC which will take place on July 7.  I thought that I would provide you a copy as well.  I will also have Patti deliver a hard copy to Sharron next week. 
 Attached are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000.  I will also ask my assistant to deliver a hard copy to you on Wednesday, July 5.  Let me know if you have any questions or need more information.   Thanks. 
 Thanks for including me.  Unfortunately, I will be out of town at an offsite meeting with the ENA management team from December 13 - 16.  --Sally 
 End of July should be fine.  I am planning to be out July 26, 27 and 28, taking our 16 year-old on a tour of some college campuses before she starts her junior year.  Motivational, I hope!  --Sally 
 Welcome to Enron.  I'm glad that you made the decision to come here. Hopefully, that decision will feel right to you in a very short period of time!  Look for Kristin Albrecht and Leslie Reeves in power on 31.  They know more about our power business than almost anyone on the floor.  They both report to me.  Kristin heads risk management and Leslie leads operations. They can help you on any details about our power business.  My office is on the 30th floor - EB3015.  Stop by if you get the chance.  I will be moving to the 33rd floor during the week of July, actually while I am on vacation.  Have a great long weekend.  --Sally 
 Esther,  Thanks for forwarding documents for Sally.  She is also interested in Chicago - are there Chicago documents you can also forward to her?  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I am not sure that I have a high-resolution photo.  Since I'm not sure what that is it probably means that I don't have one!  So we probably do need to schedule a photographer.  I will be in the office next week, Wednesday through Friday.  Then I will be on vacation the week of July 10th.  Let me know when the photographer will come, so that I will know what to wear! Thanks, and have a great long weekend.  --Sally 
 Esther,  Sally would like to view these documents now - is this on an "S" drive?  If so, how does she access.  Patti x39106 
 Tangela,  I have listed your assignments for the summer below.  You will need to check with each supervisor when you begin assignment to determine appropriate work hours.  In addition, please review your school schedule with each supervisor.  Week of: Work Area Supervisor Ext. Location June 26 Power Operations Leslies Reeves x37962 EB 3121F July 3 Operational Pricing Model James Scribner x39641 EB 2118A July 10 Operational Pricing Model James Scribner x39641 EB 2118A July 17 Operational Pricing Model James Scribner x39641 EB 2118A July 24 Global Data Mary Solmonson x36079 EB 3750 July 31 Global Data Mary Solmonson x36079 EB 3750  Please note:  Enron will be closed July 3rd & 4th in celebration of 4th of July holiday.  Sally 
 Attached is Bob Superty's summary of the impact on the late noms today.  We do not anticipate any pipeline penalties.  On those pipes where the nom type is "Intraday", there may be some pipeline imbalance created for us to work through.  The logistics staff will have a lot of work to do on Thursday morning to contact customers asking them to renom on the pipes where our noms were late.  Overall, these pipelines worked well with us today. Let me know if you have any questions.  --Sally 
 There are five summer interns and six recent full-time hires from OU that I will invite to the cookout at my house on Sunday, July 30th.  I asked Jody's opinion on whether or not they would like to bring along a guest, and his answer was yes.  So I will invite all to bring a spouse/guest.  I thought that I would also include Lexi Elliott, the recruiter from the Analyst Program that will be covering OU.  Have you decided on the make-up of the recruiting team at OU in the fall?  If so, this might be a good event in which to include them as well.  I left you a voice mail message about James Scribner as a potential good member of the team.  Let me know your thoughts and I can include anyone else that you would like.  I plan to get invitations out to everyone by July 7. 
 Since receiving your e:mail message last Monday on your needs in power, I have spent three (!!!) full days in PRC meetings since then.  I have shared your needs with both Todd Hall and Kristin Albrecht (my power business controller here in Houston) and have gotten their thoughts on how we could be of help.  Sorry that I keep missing your calls.  I will be meeting with Fernley, but I will also try to reach you by phone tomorrow. 
 It is too late in the day in London for me to catch you by phone today.  I will call you tomorrow and would like to throw out an idea regarding an on-going resource for operations in London.  If you are comfortable with my idea, then I can discuss it in person with Fernley while he is here this week.  We have time on the calendar plus dinner this week. 
 Bruce,  Just a reminder, this Wednesday (Dec 13) is the Associate PRC meeting in which Sally will be representing Cheryl Ingstad.  She really needs your input in order to properly represent Cheryl.  Please email information to her ASAP or call Sally with information Tuesday between 9:00 - 9:30 AM (3:00 - 3:30 PM London time).  Thanks for your assistance, Patti x39106 
 I had to report for jury duty today (along with 500 others from Harris County), and to my surprise I was selected to be a juror in a felony case. The case will continue on Wednesday, so our scheduled time for a conference call may not work.  I will try to reach you from my car while I am on my way in for jury duty - probably around 8:30 or 9:00 Houston time. 
 Let's book Friday, July 21 for this lunch.  I will work on further details. Thanks, Sharron. 
 Thanks for the input.  It is just in time -- I attend Rick Causey's cross functional PRC for Directors and above tomorrow.  I think that we have lunch coming up on the calendar on July 6.  I look forward to catching up then.  --Sally 
 I would like to invite you as University of Oklahoma summer interns to join me for lunch on Friday, June 30.   I have made reservations for 11:45 am at Nino's on West Dallas.   I hope that you will be able to attend and can meet me in the Enron lobby at 11:30.  We will provide transporation to and from lunch.  Please call me at x35926 as soon as possible to let me know if you can attend.  Mike McConnell, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Enron NetWorks, will join us for lunch.  Many of you may have met Mike, a fellow OU grad.  He will serve as the Executive Lead for our continuing recruiting efforts at OU.  Two other Enron employees will join us for lunch.  James Scribner, a Senior Director in ENA Energy Operations, recently joined Enron after seven plus years with a Fortune 500 company in Edmond, Oklahoma.  James will be helping us with our OU recruiting efforts.  Lexi Elliott, a new recruiter with Enron's Associates and Analysts Program, will be coordinating Enron's recruiting efforts in the future at OU. 
 Thanks for the update.  I want to send her some flowers at the house.  Can you let Patti know if she is headed home on Friday?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 FYI - This came as a surprise to me.  Didn't know whether or not you knew about GInger's departure.  --Sally 
 UGH!!  I am happy for you, but know that Enron will be losing as you leave. I am pleased that the opportunity at Reliant is an exciting one for you, and I know that you will do a great job.  It has been fun to work with you, Ginger, and I too will miss that.  Best of luck to you!  --Sally 
 I know that Amanda will enjoy seeing you next week.  Thanks for making some time for her.  Let's definitely schedule a return trip for the two of you with some golf/cart time! 
 Looks as if this date will work for Mike McConnell and his wife, too.  I thought that I might also invite Ted Jacobs if he plans to be in  Houston that weekend.  Do you have an e:mail address for him?  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the response.  I will look for your list so that I can send out invitations.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your front-end research on this.  It's too bad that the training provider can't be as responsive!  In a trading organization, 2 to 3 months is an eternity.  Sounds as if they are inflexible as well.  Our audience for this training would be risk book adminstrators and traders, so 2 days away from the desk is not very workable either.  After I get over my irritation at timing and inflexibility, I may want to book them for September, although with a much smaller audience than would be desireable if they insist on sticking to their 2 day method of delivery. Could I get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this decision?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 I think that it is a great idea to compare recommendations for promotions. Our meeting will take place on December 8th, so we can be ready to discuss promotion recommendations as early as Monday, December 11.  When would be a good time for you?  The invitation to attend our December 8th meeting still stands.  I know that it is along way to come for a single meeting (although it will most likely be a fully day), but if there are other things that you could accomplish while here, it could be worth it.  --Sally 
 Enjoy the time off!  Just let us know when that week comes who your in charge person will be.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for the offer.  I will take you up on it.  Can you get a list of recent OU grads hired at Enron?  I have the list of summer interns from OU. I thought that I would invite both full time and summer interns to the cookout.  I am looking at Sunday, July 30th as possibly the best date -- probably starting about 5:00 in the afternoon.  How does that date work for you?  I assume that summer interns will still be with us then.  What is your opinion on dates/friends to accompany you?  David will of course be there, and Mike McConnell and his wife will be there if the date works for them.  We can make this work either way.   Do you think that people would prefer to bring someone along, or simply attend solo.  I will take your suggestion on this one.  After you get me the list of OU full timers, I will combine it with the list that I have of summer interns and we can make sure that it looks complete.  Thanks for the help.  --Sally 
 Bob is a good, solid player.  He won't change the world, but he is diligent about getting a prescribed job done.  I personally like Bob a lot, and am very interested in making sure that he is in the right role for him.  His wife has MS in its most severe stages.  He was a manager previously, and we jointly made the decision to reclassify him as a senior specialist in order to reduce the expectations on him in his role at work.  He needs to be able to leave work at a very reasonable hour each day in order to relieve a caregiver who is with his wife while he works.  I made a personnal commitment to him to make sure that his work load would allow a reasonable and predictable end to his work day, and as long as he is in my group I will personally make sure that works for him.  I would hope for him that if he ever considered a change that a new boss would be able to do the same.  Danny contacted me about Bob, more from the standpoint of asking me what impact it would have on gas if he moved.  I suggested that Brent would be better able to address that.  I did tell Danny that the onslaught of EOL transactions has been a challenge for gas confirmations, and I am sure that they are not long on people.  I assume that Danny is following up with Brent.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 06/13/2000 03:47 PM 
 I have heard through the grapevine that you produce a weekly status report on the MG aquisition and assimilation.  Would you please include me on that distribution list effective this week?   I believe that it is assumed that Fernley Dyson will have day-to-day responsibility for this business once the aquisition is completed.  However, in my role over Global Risk Management Operations, I find myself fielding questions regarding our assessment of operations and any issues surrounding assimilation.  Brent Price, who reports to me and is on temporary assignment in the London office, has been keeping me updated on progress to date.  His return soon to Houston, however, will create a potential information gap that the weekly status report may help to fill.  Thanks in advance to your attention to this. 
 They all made me laugh out loud.  I am glad that they all were able to get up!  Thanks. 
 I am not close enough to know Bob's exact role within the group to know the impact of the prospect of losing him.  I am forwarding this to Brent to get his assessment of the impact.  I do know that the number of deals that we do currently has skyrocketed with EOL, so I feel sure that the group is stretched right now.  Again, though, Brent would best be able to address this.  As you are probably aware, I personnally made the commitment to Bob several years ago to help in managing his workload so that he is available as needed at home for his wife.  For Bob's sake, I would want to make sure that he is in a situation where that is understood and appreciated.  Thank you for contacting me first before going to Bob.  --Sally 
 Our mid year PRC meeting will be held Monday, June 19, at the Doubletree's Grainger "B" room.   Please plan to be there to start the meeting at 8:00 AM, with a continental breakfast available starting at 7:30.  We will take the time necessary to do a good job, but will also try to be time efficient. Patti has lunch and snacks ordered, so I would hope to be finished sometime in the afternoon.  I am broadening the Energy Operations PRC committee beyond my direct reports to also include all directors in the organization.  I look forward to everyone's participation and will be sending out more information later.  Included below are the attendees for the meeting.    PRC Attendees Energy Operations	HR 	Outside Kristin Albrecht	Sheila Walton	Wes Colwell - Business Analysis & Reporting Scott Earnest	Norma Villarreal	David Oxley - Human Resources Sheila Glover	Hector McLoughlin	Jim Bouillion - Global Risk Markets (Insurance) Todd Hall	Toni Graham	Brad Blesie - Global Risk Markets (Origination) Susan Harrison	Janet De La Paz (to run computer) Peggy Hedstrom Brenda Herod Steve Jackson Scott Mills Mike Moscoso Eugenio Perez Brent Price Leslie Reeves Stephen Schwarz James Scribner Mary Solmonson Bob Superty Sheri Thomas Steve Venturatos 
 This reporting tool looks very useful.  I am glad to know that you are managing with this on a regular basis.  Do we have a well-defined follow-up process to ensure that the outstanding confirms do go out soon?  This is a great tool to share with other groups that are doing confirmations.  It would be nice to have a standard format that all groups would use to track this. Have you shared this with other groups within Energy Operations that are doing confirmations?  I would include Global Products as well.  --Sally 
 I will be out of the office after noon on Friday, June 9, headed to the hill country to pick up one of my daughters from camp.  I will not attend the Friday afternoon meeting.  You will be able to reach me on my cell phone, 713-417-1591, as needed during the afternoon. 
 Approved.  Please process.  Thanks, Sally Beck 
 I apologize for the late notice, but Sally has just been notified that a cross-functional PRC meeting w/ Rick Causey has been set for this Friday, December 1.  She will need a compilation of your accomplishments by Thursday.  If you have directors reporting to you, please request that they also have data in to Sally by Thursday.  Thanks for your help, Patti x39106 
 Hi, Mike.  It is almost 2 pm Houston time as I am reading your message, so my hope is that you have already headed home today.  I would love to visit with you.  Would it work for us to talk at 9 am (3 pm London time) on Friday? Another good time for us to talk my be during my commute into the office.  I would expect to be in my car from about 7:00 to 8:00 am (Houston time) tomorrow.  My car phone number is 713-417-1591.  A few weeks ago I put together a list of key individuals for you to meet when you do come to Houston.  Once you have scheduled a trip, my offer still stands to set up these meetings for you.  It may be easier for my assistant to coordate these things in Houston than for you assistant to attempt that from London, given the time difference.  I will look forward to speaking with you.  I understand that your value in the office is already felt.  --Sally 
 Buried with Shankman today.  I will e:mail you tomorrow. 
 Thanks for the info on your trip.  Have a great time -- I will be anxious to hear about the presentation in Natchez.  Love, Sally 
 I meant to send this to you.  --Sally 
 Thanks for confirming Mark's participation.  Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, will be sending information to your attention on the following:  Specifics on location of meeting at Rice Hotel Attendee list (names, titles, operating companies) Brief background on Mary Solmonson's Global Database Management Group Suggested  talking points for Mark's talk Agenda for the meeting  We will be sure to get this informaiton to you by Friday of this week, so that you can provide Mark with a copy when he is in the London office on Monday.  Thanks for your help--Sally 
 We will look forward to seeing you on the 17th.  Glad we could work out a date. 
 I left a voice mail message for Dave Delainey this morning asking for clarification around the LNG business.  As soon as I hear back from him I will let you know, and then based on that info we can decide on best next steps. 
 I interviewed Analyst/Associate candidates in the office on Saturday, as did four other directors/senior directors from Energy Operations.   I completed the evaluations of the four candidates that I interviewed and submitted those, but was unable to stay for the decision meeting after lunch due to commitments to attend a funeral.  I talked with Ted Bland this morning and he suggested that I provide you with a list of candidates that could be a fit in Energy Operations.  Analysts  Tara Piazze - potential fit in one of my risk management operations teams  Joseph Piotrowski - AA consulting background; would be a good fit for my operations team focused on EOL (these are ENA employees) -- I need to add more  strength to this group  Charles Ames - currently works in back office for a brokerage firm; wants  to trade; would like to have him in risk to learn the business and Enron's risk books;  we  could immediately benefit from his background, while he learns Enron and how we manage risk; then he could add even more value in moving to a trading  role, if appropriate   Better Fits as Direct Hires (not analyst or associate, based on work experience and fit)  Mike Perun - VP of small bank; Ted brought him in with my group in mind; two of my directors interviewed him on Saturday; we'd like to consider him as a direct hire  Jason Sukenik- Undergrad and masters degrees in accounting, plus MBA; could be good fit as direct hire in as manager/director based on experience   Associates  Ryan Ngo - I believe that Kevin Presto suggested him for my group  Adele Pickens - She's on my list; need to research interviewers comments who suggested my group for an assignment for her (I don't think that anyone from Energy Operations interviewed him or her)  Jennifer Bagwell - Apparently remarked to two interviewers that she did not want to trade; would like to see if there is a fit for her in managing risk or operations   Let me know about next steps in this process.  I would be glad to talk about any of this in more depth. 
 I got the memo from Naomi that you sent.  First, who is Doug Imrie?  Does he have a strong background in trading operations?  Will he be  able to coordinate effective reviews from a controls perspective, and will he be able to be the front-runner on how MG runs its business so that we will get a jump start on how best to assimilate the business?   I think that this effort should be much broader than deal testing.  It should encompass assessing people, processes, controls, systems support, etc.  To do this quickly and effectively will require persons who are knowledgeable about daily trading operations.   I don't know Naomi's background, but I wonder if she will be the right person to lead one of these efforts since she does not work in operations on a daily basis.  Patrick Conner left me a message today to be certain that we are plugged in with an appropriate team from ENA to review the Chicago and New York offices.  From the sound of Naomi's memo, it looks as if Andy Cornfield is assume to have the US responsibility. Again, I don't know Andy.  Should we circle the wagons and develop a plan for doorstep reviews that includes some others in the process, particularly those that have been involved in some doorstep reviews to date and those that have daily operational experience?  I have also mentioned Shona as a good resource as well. 
 Scott Earnest announced in the staff meeting today that in a meeting he had earlier today with Jeff Shankman and Vince Kaminiski that Jeff announced that he had gotten the nod from Mark Frevert to manage the LNG book of business. (This sentence structure is bad, but you get the drift.)  That is probably what Shankman has alluded to in terms of increased responsibility.  I will assume that is in addition to gas, but I don't know that for sure.  Scott has been working on setting up the risk books for LNG, working closely over the last several weeks with Vince Kaminski.  We need to talk about this business and the best way to support it.  Have you had any conversations with Jeff on this? 
 I still agree that this is not the time for promotion to VP.  Kristin certainly did an outstanding job in her role within ENA during the first half of the year.  I would like to see her develop a broader view across the organization and be able to be more effective in working with others and sharing her knowledge and experience before she is promoted to VP.  I guess that the one caveat that I would put out, is to wait and see if there are other names brought forth from other parts of the organization that would make it seem that Kristin should be in that pack.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/27/2000 06:21 PM 
 We willl consider that a rain check.  Just let know in a cooler month when you will be around and I know that David will make his schedule work to play.  Separately, I didn't get time to speak with you individually when I was in Calgary the last time.  If you have a few minutes amidst the SAP training while you are in Houston, I would love to visit face to face to hear from your perspective how your interactions with my Houston operations group are going and to see you have any suggestions on areas of improvement.  Just give me a call at x35926.  --Sally 
 We have lunch scheduled for June 22, according to my calendar.  I am looking forward to it.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 I didn't know that you were talking to Jennifer.  I had put her on the list of attendees at last Thursday's meeting with Tom Gros.  He had asked about someone being included that had been involved with Enron Online, I felt that she might be perfect to be involved in Networks with her exposure to EOL.  I don't know whether or not you realized that she was in the room for that conference call.  What is she going to do for you in gas?  We may be hardpressed to find another strong candidate for the Networks project who has been as involved with EOL.  --Sally 
 I didn't know about this one.  I'm going to follow up with Brent on this one and I will get back to you in a day or so.  We'll save the Scott Mills discussion for a later date!  On another note, I enjoyed lunch today.  Let me know when you want to get out of the building again sometime.  --Sally 
 My  trading operations team, under the leadership of Mary Solmonson, is sponsoring a working session on Thursday and Friday, June 15 and 16 in the ballroom at the Rice.   Mary leads the team that manages Global Databases, our global contract, counterparty and facilities databases that create the common platform that facilitates the consolidation of information for credit aggregation, risk exposure, customer information, feeds to SAP for financial reporting, etc.    In addition to managing these databases, Mary has harnessed information from these databases in a new way to create an effective prospecting tool for use by originators and traders.  This tool can help measure and increase coverage by industry segments.  This project, Entelligence, has been endorsed by Greg Whalley and Jeff Shankman and is currently under development for delivery later this quarter.  We invite you to speak to the group of Enron employees from offices worldwide who will attend the working session next week.  Please let me know if you are interested and if June 15 or June 16 fits your schedule.  Thanks for considering this speaking opportunity. 
 Please pring attached presentation for me in color.  Thanks. 
 I did walk out of the room with the two booklets (employee profiles and pre-review rankings) that had been distributed, and I left a message with Sheila Knudsen as soon as I got back to my office on Wednesday night to let her know.  They were delivered to Sheila on Thursday morning.  Can you verify that Sheila received those from me?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 That meeting was about my 13th of the day that began at 7:30, and that was day three of the week with that kind of scheduling.  I apologize if I seemed impatient in the meeting.  I know that you are working for the best interests of Energy Operations and  Enron.  By the end of the day I was probably looking for crisp, clear solutions to an issue that probably doesn't lend itself well to that.  Why don't we set up a lunch so that you and I can have the opportunity to talk separate from immediate issues at hand?  I will have Patti get a date on the calendar.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have entered the following names into the Performance Review System as suggested reviewers:  Commercial Customers  Jeff Shankman Jim Fallon Gary Hickerson   Direct Reports  Brent Price (Business Controller -Natural Gas) Kristin Albrecht (Business Controller - Power) Todd Hall (Business Controller - Merchant Portfolio)   Others  Rick Causey Ted Murphy Fernley Dyson (London) 
 Happy anniversary!  I hope to leave the office soon and am planning to call you to wish you that over the phone on my way home.  Not much unpacking yet -- our main focus up until Sunday morning was getting Amanda ready for camp.  There was still a good bit of painting going on this week, so this weekend I do hope to get quite a bit unpacked.  We got our first letter from Amanda yesterday , and it sounds as if she is having fun.  Said that she was homesick and missed us, but was not sad.  Has some of the same girls in her cabin that she had last summer.  I plan to shop this weekend for your birthday gift for Amanda.  As we discussed, she will have a continuation of her birthday when she gets back home next weekend.  So by the end of the weekend I should be able to give a total for gifts for both girls.  Love, Sally 
 I have completed preliminary rankings on the attached sheet.  You had included my name, and I did not put in a preliminary rank.  Brent Price's name is missing.  I would put him in the Excellent category at this time. Let me know if you need anything else.  It is possible that I may change a few of the preliminary rankings as I get more information from my direct reports who supervise certain directors.   I will let you know.  --Sally 
 Scott's name is not familiar to me and the only person from my group who is in the London office now is Brent Price.  I looked up Scott's name on our Enron People Finder, and it would appear that he is in the IT department.  I assume that he is someone who is on assignment in the UK, so I would suggest that you contact Beth Perlman in Houston who leads IT for ENA or talk with Mark Pickering in IT in London.  My role in Houston is over the trading operations groups, but does not include IT.  I wish that I could answer your specific question for you, but I think that referring you to IT will get you the answer that you need. 
 Ditto. 
 I assume that granting access for someone for whom Lorraine Becker is the supervisor should be approved by you.  I get hundreds of these, many for employees outside Energy Operations.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Please print for me on legal size paper.  Thanks. 
 Per my voice mail...somehow my intent to copy you on this didn't work. Shona's extension is 39123 and she is sitting on the 30th floor.  --Sally 
 I asked my new hire to suggest names of people that she knows that would be good for to consider hiring.  Here is her response.  Tony Vasut had called her and asked for this list as well.  Do you have him keyed in on our blitz effort for hiring of risk personnel?  Or is he working on some other initiative?  I have not reviewed the names nor Shona's comments in detail yet, but I wanted to pass these along for inclusion in our efforts.  --Sally 
 FYI - I believe that Shona will prove to be a great asset to Enron.  We are following up on her leads for talent.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on the new role.  I think that it will be an interesting challenge and that you will do a great job.  How soon do you start?  --Sally 
 I have signed up for June 1st.  There is no indication on the e:mail that you forwarded of the location for the focus group.  I assume that more details will follow. 
 I will be attending Wes Colwell's PRC meeting on December 7th.  It starts at 8:00 and may not take the entire day.  I will talk with Wes and see what he anticipates for timing to let you know if it makes sense to schedule me to interview.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have this on my calendar for September 7 and I am looking forward to it. Thanks. 
 Hi Ted,  It's Patti.  An all day meeting has been scheduled for Wednesday, May 31 - the day you and Sally were scheduled for lunch.  Any possibility of rescheduling to another day?  Sally is available Thursday, June 1.  Just let me know.  Thanks, Patti 
 My new employee who will be working with me on global standards for operations for all trading/origination locations started with Enron yesterday.  Her name is Shona Wilson, and I do not know her extension.  She was in orientation yesterday, and I will be meeting with her today from 9:30 to 10:30 to discuss her initial assignments, of which working with India is one.   I will have her contact you later today.  Although she is new to Enron, she has had extensive experience with Price Waterhouse Coopers in internal audit, controls and process redesign for trading firms, both in the US and in Europe.  She will work with other seasoned professionals on my team to set up the infrastructure that is needed in India.   --Sally 
 I will be out of the office for one vacation day on Monday, May 22.  My assistant, Patti Thompson, has home and cell phone numbers where I can be reached throughout the day, if needed.  Primary operations contacts while I am out are as follows:  DPR   Mike Moscoso   x35242  MPR   David Maxwell   x36983  Gas Operations  Susan Harrison   x33960  Power Operations Leslie Reeves   x37962  Financial Products  Sheila Glover   x33210  I will be back in the office on Tuesday, May 23. 
 According to records from the Analysts Program, the following interns will be working within Energy Operations during the summer.  The assignment stated below is as reflected in the program's spreadsheet.  Name   School   Start Date Assignment  Luna Carlson  University of Florida  July 5  ENA - Risk Reporting and Analysis  Joshua Koenig  University of Florida  May 22  Energy Operations - Gas Operations Management  Jolly Jose  University of Houston  June 5   Energy Operations - Gas Operations Management  Michael Taylor  LSU    May 22  Central Desk Logistics  Daniel Graham  Morehouse   May 15  ENA - Financial Settlements  Angelique Woods University of Texas  May 22  ENA - Risk Management    First, please respond to me today and let me know to whom the analyst will be reporting and what their responsibilities will be for the summer.  Hopefully none of this is a surprise and the appropriate arrangements have been made for desk, phone and computers for all.  Secondly, please make a point of seeking out these interns and welcoming them to Enron.  Finally, after I know where these analysts are placed, we will have a brief meeting with the analysts' managers and any of you under whom they will be working to discuss ideas on making the analysts assignments meaningful this summer.  I welcome ideas on this from any of you. 
 FYI  -- Let me know who Angelic will report to and what she will be doing. Thanks. 
 Lunch probably won't work in that time frame.  I will be out on vacation on Monday.  Tuesday's lunch is a standing Risk Forum Meeting and Wednesday I will be out of the office during the lunch hour for a school function for one of my daughters.  I will check with Ted Murphy on the Tuesday Risk Forum meeting, as occassionally the meeting is cancelled.  I will get back in touch if the Tuesday lunch does open up.  Would Amita like to meet at another time during those days?  There is a possibility that I could do an early dinner on Tuesday evening.  How does that work with Amita's schedule?  --Sally 
 I agree that discussing the numbers in person with AA would be the right way to handle this.  And, I am looking to Brent in managing the current reconciliation process so he can best address the timing of the meeting.  My expectation is that the vast majority of the $49MM variance will be explained and finalized by Monday at 11:00 am.  This finalization obviously involves both the gas operations group and gas accounting.  I will be on vacation on Monday while my parents are in town for a visit, but I have carved out time during the day at 11:00 to be in the office for an update on the reconciliation, as it is very important to me.  --Sally 
 Mary,  Sally says this is okay.  Patti 
 Sounds as if you will have a full day on Monday.  I am glad that you are eager to get together to kick off your role -- we will have to save that for Tuesday, however.  I am taking the day off on Monday to be with my parents who will be in from Austin for one of my daughter's piano recital.  9:30 to 10:30 on Tuesday would be a great time for us to get together.  There are two other meetings that day that I would like to have you attend with me.  One is a weekly Risk Forum luncheon from 11:30 to 1:00 and the other is a meeting at 3:00 on trading operations for Tokyo.  I will give the details on location and list of attendees when you and I meet on Tuesday morning.  Enjoy your next few days.  I hope that orientation is helpful on Monday. Check with my assistant, Patti Thompson, on where you will be sitting.   I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday.  --Sally 
 Tara,  Sally says Todd's London project is under Barry Pearce (related to Continental Power) - Barry would need to designate London RC (or James New in his absence, since Barry is in Houston).  Regarding the "extra" housing costs, this would need to be charged to Todd's RC in Houston, which is #2182.  Please let me know if you require additional information.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Approved.  Please process. Sally Beck 
 Thanks for the update and attachment.  It will be great to have you back here in Houston.  I have heard lots of good things about your assignment there, however, so I know that the London group will miss your presence.  I will try to call you Wednesday morning on my way into the office.  I. 
 Sally has changed the time of her Thursday morning meeting to 8:30 - 10:30 AM (previously scheduled 8:00 - 10:00 AM).  Please let me know if you can't make this new time.  Topic for meeting:  information from her ENA Executive Offsite and also a brainstorming session.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Thanks for the reminders.  Hopefully, this will take care of this. 
 Irena,  Can you attach file?  Patti    Enron North America Corp. 
 Mary,  As Brent Price is out of the country until July & I am travelling out of the country more frequently, I would like to temporarily designate Susan Harrison as a signer.  Susan is the Director of our off-system Settlements & Volume Management groups.  This temporary designation will ensure that we maintain appropriate signing coverage while Brent & I are unavailable.  Thanks, Sally 
 Ted,  I checked with Sally and she says Wednesday, May 31 is good for lunch & she looks forward to seeing you.  Patti 
 Fernley,  Sally asked me to forward this to you to outline what she is doing with Arthur Anderson to get ready for SAP, specifically, Global Products.  Patti 
 Congratulations on your added role of CEO for Enron Europe.  I look forward to continuing to work with you and the staff in London on risk management operations initiatives.  I talk with Brent Price several times a week.  I know that Fernley has appreciated his participation in London, and I hope that you have found his involvement to be beneficial as well.  We are almost at the half way mark on his assignment, so I will talk with you next week when I return from Calgary to get your input on his role to date. 
 I have been summoned for jury duty onTuesday, November 28 at 8:00 am.  While wanting to fulfill my civic duty, I am also hoping to be an unlikely juror this time around so that I can be back in the office sometime on Tuesday.  I will call in and let Patti know my status. 
 Congratulations on your added role of Chairman and CEO of ENA.  I didn't realize that when I said hello in the elevator last week that we would be seeing more of you in Houston.  I look forward to working with you when you arrive. 
 Congratulations on your new role as Chief Strategy Officer.    Your leadership in ENA was appreciated and I will miss your active participation in ENA's business.  However, I hope that we will have opportunities to work together in the future.  --Sally 
 This makes great sense - glad to have you as a true ENA resource.   Thanks again for meeting with my expanded staff yesterday.  Let me know how I can best support you as you make the changes that you outlined.  I was impressed with my brief glimpse of Jeff at yesterday's 5:30 meeting.  --Sally 
 Well done!  Beth will be a great resource.  --Sally 
 I will be in the Calgary office from Wednesday afternoon, May 10 through noon on Friday, May 12.  I can most easily be reached through Peggy Hedstrom, whose phone via tie line is 820-6753.  My assistant, Patti Thompson, has a copy of my itinerary and phone and fax numbers at my hotel, if needed.  Primary operations contacts in Houston while I am in Calgary are as follows:  DPR   Mike Moscoso   x35242  MPR   David Maxwell   x36983  Gas Operations  Susan Harrison   x33960  Power Operations Leslie Reeves   x37962  Financial Products  Sheila Glover   x33210 
 Laura,  I am attaching resume of Mark Mixon that Sally left you a voicemail regarding on Monday.  If you are going to be in town and would like to see Mark, please let me know and I would be happy to make arrangements.  Thanks, Patti Thompson x39106 Sally's Assistant 
 I am sorry that I will not be able to join you tonight for dinner and to hear Julie Andrews speak.   Tonight is the induction ceremony for the high school drill team members for next year, with parents being introduced as well as our daughters.  So the place that I most need to be tonight is at Klein High School with Meagan.  Thanks to Mary for arranging the dinner.  I hope that all of you enjoy the evening.  The final speaker in the series is Jane Goodall, and that will be next Tuesday, May 16.  Please let me know if you have any suggestions for a spot for dinner.   That night is Meagan's 16th birthday, so I have asked her to be my guest that evening for dinnner and the lecture.  I can't think of a better idea for this birthday than to expose her to a group of very bright, motivated women!     I will look forward to introducing her to those of you whom she has not yet met. 
 I heard this morning from Susan Harrison that Sandra had submitted a letter of resignation to Bryce Baxter, who reports to Susan.  I have not talked directly with Bryce and I have not seen the resignation letter to date this afternoon.   I have left a message for Bryce and I will get with him on Tuesday morning to see a copy of the letter and then can leave you a message after that.  --Sally 
 Below is the name and phone number of the woman that I worked with to arrange our tour of Enron  Field.  She may not be the person to talk with regarding displaying a boat, but  will very likely be able to give the correct contact.  It was nice to meet you.  I have enjoyed getting to know Bethany through NCL.  Good luck!    Jill McCormick  713-259-8965 
 I made the assumption when you said that Jim Fallon had said that Kristin's name was "in play", that he and Kristin had coordinated a transition with Kevin Presto that made him comfortable.  At an ENA offsite meeting on Wednesday and Thursday last week, I talked with Kevin during a break to see if was comfortable with Kristin's number two as his risk lead. Unfortunately, Kevin knew nothing about this.  So rather than discuss the transition, Kevin had to react to and absorb this as a possibility.  He had some very valid business reasons as to why Kristin's movement over the summer months would be risky for ENA.  You and I can discuss those if you would like.  His reaction was not "never", but instead was "not now".  He and Kristin talked on Friday and agreed to a transition in mid August.  Let's discuss.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the heads up.  I get so many of these requests and never can tell what is being requested!  Your note made this one fast and easy to handle. Thanks. 
 Amanda is at camp from Sunday, May 28 until Saturday, June 10.  Then Meagan leaves on Sunday, June 11 and will return on Saturday, June 24.  If we decide to do a family vacation, it would be either the week of June 26, July 3 or July 10.  After that, Meagan starts Bearkadette practices through school start in August, with a few days at Bearkadette camp July 20-24.  Looks as if we will have one girl or the other with us at any point during the summer, unless Amanda schedules her Austin visit during one of Meagan's two stints at camp.  Let me know when you want to talk dates. 
 Please print the attachment for me in color.  Maybe three copies.  Thanks. 
 Stephen joined Enron on January 29, 1996.  Is there any other info that you need?  Are you still planning to be in Houston next week? --Sally 
 He has been focused on Sitara for a long time.  He reports to Scott Mills, who is the user lead for the project.  I am copying Scott on this message, as his Sitara team is small and he would know best what deliverables are on the horizon and how critical Tom's involvement is to those deliverables.  I suggest that we involve Scott in these discussions.  --Sally 
 You have the right earrings -- they are tiny!  But that's what she would like.  She will be really pleased.  She loves her silver ones, but they are not great for everyday wear -- gold is better for her ears.  Sounds as if your weekend was fun.  Ours was nice --errands and stuff on Saturday and the Enron picnic at Astroworld on Sunday.  Otherwise, just camping out in the mess at our house.  I did talk with Mom on Saturday night about a psychologist vs. psychiatrist. Sounds as if from her ER buddy at the Heart Hospital that she has decided that they need both -- one for counseling and one for meds.  I believe that she and Dad will each see a counselor type on Tuesday this week.  I hope that they will begin to find some relief.  Sounds as if they are really having a hard time - at least Mom.  We would still like for you to come visit.  Let's talk dates when you're ready.  --Sally 
 FYI - Let's talk.  I am already booked for Tuesday AM - could you attend and would you want to?  Let's talk before getting back to Margaret.  --Sally 
 FYI - Sounds as if we can't delay Tom's residence in the flat any longer.  We have pushed the date several times.  If there are some other delays, you may want to consider flying back with your family back to Houston, and then returning on your own to finish the project.  You could stay in a hotel from that time period.  What do you think?  Can we assure Tom that you will be out of the flat by the 18th of May?  --Sally 
 I understand that Ashley Worthing has been hired by Enron to start work this summer.  I think that she is graduating from Texas A&M.  She is my cousin's daughter, so I am just curious whether or not she is coming in as an analyst.  Please let me know if that is the case.  Thanks. 
 I gave a copy of this document to Wes Colwell immediately following last week's meeting with a note that he needed to respond to you.  He is the most appropriate respondent from ENA.  --Sally 
 Did you mean to have an attachment to this e:mail ?  There was not one attached. 
 She was Superior - top of the table.  Her written review should be in the file.  Let me know if HR can not produce that for you and I can get you a copy.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/27/2000 12:46 PM 
 Have fun in Wharton -- remember that Hines BBQ is the best bet in town. Leave room for the pie!  Let's review calendars so that we can pin point a time for you or you and Chris to visit.  ( I will keep that date confidential, so that it will be reserved for you.)  --Sally 
 Glad you sent a note - as crazy as life is at our house right now, I did not get the message from Tammy.  Lots of catch up in the office last week, which will continue this week.  I think that Chris is home by now, and I am sure that you and Erica are glad to have the additional company.  We are starting to talk birthday with Meagan now.  I will get back with you in a couple of days after Meg and I have gone through the JA catalogue.  Thanks for asking. --Sally 
 Hi Clare,  How about:  Tuesday, May 9th 1:30-2:30 PM or 3:00-4:00 PM  Sally has tentative plans to go to Calgary May 10-12, so Tuesday is best for her.  If neither of these time slots work, just let me know and I can move things around to accommodate James.  See ya, Patti 
 Barry sent me a copy of the draft memo announcing his role within EBS.  Since Scott Pleus is currently in that role and does have people reporting to him in EBS that are in trading operations, I would suggest that the memo contain a mention of the transition:  Example:  Scott Pleus is currently Director of trading operations for EBS.  He will be transitioning to an origination role within EBS in mid May as Barry Pearce assumes his responsibilities for EBS.  The current trading staff for EBS will report to Barry effective with his start date in May.  I also heard from Barry today that Todd Lindholm let him know that he is out of the picture with regard to commercial support for bandwidth trading operations and that Barry will report to John Echols.  So sounds as if that is clarified. 
 Barbara,  Will this be at 4:00 PM on Monday?  Sally has meeting w/ Louise Kitchen from 3:30 to 4:30, so she will probably be 30 mins late to Jeff's meeting.  Patti 
 It is hard for me to say how this would work on behalf of all of my direct reports.  Sometimes it is tough to have all assistants out at once.  To meet at 3:00, you all would have to leave around 2:30, which could be early in the day for some groups to lose assistants.    Would it work to start a little later in the afternoon?  If before 5:00, I think that all assistants will have to check with their managers on the convenience of an earlier departure time.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 We will look forward to seeing you in Rick Causey's CAO Staff Meeting on May 9th at 8:30 in EB46C1.  I listened to your voice mail message --thanks for the clarification around the recruiting process for one analyst program.  My dad was released from the hospital on Saturday, following what seemed like a very long ten day stay.  He lost a lot of weight while being fed only by IV for 8 of those days, so he is under orders to eat everything in sight! Hopefully, this most recent operation will result in overall better health for him going forward.  Thanks for asking.  --Sally 
 Tara,  When I tried to approve this request (Sheri gave verbal approval), I got message that it had already been approved by another access approver.  Patti x39106 
 Thanks for your note.  Between meetings today, I will construct a loose job description and e:mail that to you later today.  I realized after you left that we did not talk about compensation.  It would help me in creating this role with our HR group if I knew ballpark figures on compensation.  We have a good comp team that can research that for me, but a short cut would be to know from you what you are currently making and what you would be looking for  in making a move.  Feel free to call me or respond via e:mail.  My number is 713-853-5926.  --Sally 
 I would enjoy being involved in the kickoff for the first Gas Ops program. Keep me posted on date and time.  Thanks for attending the meeting yesterday.  I hope that you will let me know when and how I can best be involved and provide support for your efforts.  --Sally 
 Here it is! 
 I have this on my calendar.  I have jury duty on Tuesday starting at 8:00 am.  I hope to make that short and sweet and be back here as soon as I can.    So I should be able to make the meeting at 4:00.  I will call you if I get hung up at the court house.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 You have a ticket - we will see you there, with you pager on!  Patti will get your ticket to you before Thursday. 
 Do you want to give your tickets to someone in your group and join the management team?  Up to you...    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sounds interesting, and Scottsdale is supposed to be nice.  Enjoy! 
 Sounds like a good idea.  I am glad to Theresa is getting some benefit from the program.  --Sally 
 Sheila,  I'm sorry I haven't responded to this before, but Sally has been out of the office with family illness & I haven't been able to check with her.  I will be out of the office until Tuesday, so if you need this information before then, please call Chantelle Villanueva at ext.36279 on Monday and she can check with Sally then.  Thanks, Patti 
 Joe,  Sally is out of the office, but wanted me to forward the message that she had reviewed the draft that you put together regarding power trading and she doesn't have any comments.  Patti x-39106 
 Approved.  Sally Beck 
 Charlene:  Outlined below are the points I promised to send you before our meeting on Wednesday morning.  I don't know your agenda for the meeting, so it may or may not be appropriate to discuss all of these items tomorrow.  Background:  As a long-time supporter of the analyst program, I became concerned over the last several months as frustration emerged from other supporters of the program.   Many of those expressing frustration are heavily involved in the recruiting process.   It is their commitment to both recruiting and providing analyst rotations that has been key in attracting talented candidates to what has been the Merchant Services Analyst Program.  I initiated a meeting, announced at Rick Causey's staff meeting, that would bring us together so that we could consolidate our concerns and then discuss them with you in a constructive manner.  Our intent is continued support and improvement of the program.   The meeting took place on March 28 and included the following:  Brenda Herod   ENA - Energy Operations Executive Lead - LSU  Brent Price  ENA - Energy Operations Executive Lead - UT  Jeff Sommers  CALME    Executive Lead - Univsersity of Florida  Ed Coats  Corp. Tax    Core Team Member - UT, A&M, LSU and University of Florida  Sally Beck  ENA - Energy Operations Executive Lead - UT and OU  Carolyn Barrett  EBS  Howard Selzer  Enron Global E&P   Summary of Concerns and Discussion Points:  One program, or two:  Prior to campus recruiting in the fall 1999, an announcement  was made that there would be one analyst program.  Not much materialized from that point to clarify what that meant or how that would be managed.  In fact, those of us involved heavily in the recruiting process saw that the MSAP and the Commercial Anlayst programs were managed separately and differently in terms of campus recruiting, rotations and orientation.  We feel uninformed and therefore are hampered in discussing the analyst program on campus.  SIngle start date:  The single start date of July 17 for analysts is impractical and inflexible; a concern from our points of view for an innovative company.  The July start date does not consider December graduates and is not necessarily practical for undergrads whose graduation dates are in May.  Lack of communication:   We are some of the most involved and committed senior managers in the MSAP, and yet we have received little information or communication about the program.   We hear rumors of "tracks", but no facts or details.  Some of us had heard about the single July start date, and some had not.  Commercial focus too heavy:  Presentation materials, the attitudes of support staff in the Associates/Analysts Program and interview processes are heavily focused on commercial needs, without understanding support needs.  Lack of input from biggest supporters:  Given the time and effort that many of us put into the MSAP, we are concerned that we haven't been asked to join with you in some of your plans for the program.   We are concerned that decisions (example:  the single start date) are being considered in a vacuum without what could be some valuable input from some of us.  MSAP has taken a step backward:  Previously, with a dedicated leadership team and staff, the MSAP had made great strides in the consistency of our on campus efforts, the quality of candidates, the acceptance rate of top candidates and the pride of participants in the program.  We feel that the focus on the MSAP has diminished considerably over the last nine months, and we are anxious to work with you to renew excitment for the program.   Summary Concerns/Discussion Points:  Disc 
 Kim,  Sally says that Wes Colwell will be assigning ENA representative.  Patti x39106 
 I read the applications, letters of recommendation and resumes on the plane to Austin and in the hospital this weekend.  Below are my suggested seven appointees to the Analyst Advisory Board.  I made the selections based on their answers to the application questions, plus I attended to get a mix of male and female, commercial and merchant service analysts rotations, current operating company assignments, undergraduate schools, etc.  I am sorry that I will not be able to join you in the meeting today.   Analyst  School  Current Rotation Rationale  Ilan Caplan  UT   CALME Structuring Both MSA and Commercial Analyst rotations  Erin Rice  Trinity   CALME Structuring Vocal; good to be part of the solution; female minority  Brian Hoskins  Vanderbilt  ENA Trading  I will trust Jeff Shankman on this one  Carrie Southard  Texas A&M  ENA - EOL  Current MSA rotation  Alejandro Veiga Rice   ESA - Venezula  Good ideas; diverse background  Courtney Votaw  Pepperdine  Corp. - PR  Adds interest to the mix with her rotation & background  Adrian Woolcock Rice   EES   Sounds mature; good ideas 
 Can you coordinate the Scott Tholen's team to do this ASAP?  Thanks.  Keep me updated on when Fernley will have access.  Thanks. 
 Approved. Sally Beck 
 I do know Susan so I could probably approve this request.  However, in my staff meeting on Monday ( I know that Katherine was there, and not you), one of the major points that I made centered around my approval of requests for EOL access.  We can discuss when we get together on Friday morning.  Susan needs to put her managers name at the bottom of this form, and the manager should  okay this as well.  --Sally 
 Please incorporate these changes into the 2000 plan.  Thanks. 
 We would love to see all three of you.  Sounds as if you might arrive on Friday around 5:00 or 6:00, so we will plan on dinner together.  You can see the kitchen in progress!!  The upstairs is untouched, however, so you can make yourselves at home.  I will let everyone know tonight, and they will all be glad to see you.  I haven't talked with Cara since the weekend, so I didn't know that she might change her plans.  I will try to catch her tonight.  Just let me know on the $'s.  I can send that whenever you might need it. And I would suggest that we start a repay program after another few months as you all get caught up on other things.  No rush.  Love, Sally 
 I tried to call you back today, but was told that you had left the office. Tried to leave you a voice mail message, but no one in the office knew how to transfer my call into voice mail.  They were good about answering your phone, however!  I will call you tomorrow morning before my first meeting at 8:30.  If I miss you, I will ask my assistant to interrupt me when you call back.  I will be in meetings with operations people from London and Sydney tomorrow, but can easily step out to talk with you. 
 Please incorporate the management contact changes per Sheila Glover for the 2000 plan. 
 Approved. Sally Beck  System would not allow me to submit request electronically. 
 Thanks for the update.  I am glad that you and Fernley were able to get together.  Let me know what you hear from Mark or Tim about their discussion.  When that is set, I will put out a memo that outlines the changes that we are making as Scott Pleus devotes full time to EBS.  Hope your weekend was a good one.  Have you seen Brent yet?  --Sally 
 Willie Harrell Security Request approved. Sally Beck 
 Thanks for sending the announcement to me.  You will be a great asset to EBS.  And you will probably be working with some of our old Energy Operations staff members!  Stay in touch and I wish you the best in your new role. --Sally 
 Fall sounds good to me.  In talking with Sue today, she stated that Dr. Rao would like to inform the winners of the scholarships by letter from him and that it will most likely be another week before he does so.  I asked her to contact me when the letter is going out to the students so that we can follow up with either a letter or phone call from some of us at Enron.  I will keep Rick Causey, the other interviewers and you (or someone in your office) updated on the timing of notifying the winners.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 The scholarships, while sponsored by Enron, are technically awarded by UT.  I will be talking with Sue White today, and I will get her take on whether or not the university wants to contact the winners or whether Enron should do it.  I will let you know.  The 24th is a great day for me for the dinner in Austin.  So if that works for recepients and faculty, then that would work our well.  Keep me posted. --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have asked Patti to get us together  to discuss your e:mail message as soon as possible.  Hopefully, we can work that out this week.  I llok forward to talking with you and I will be glad to help you in any way that I can. 
 Energy Operations will enjoy participating in this program.  I would like to bring this us up at my staff meeting on Monday, April 10, so I will get back to you with the number of students and the contact person(s) next week. --Sally     Susan Skarness 03/31/2000 04:37 PM 
 Glad you enjoyed the game.  The field will make baseball much more fun in Houston. 
 I already have this date on my calendar.  Count me in.  --Sally 
 We interviewed the 12 finalists in Austin yesterday.   Interviewers were Gene Humphrey, Thomas Suffield, Roger Ondrecko and me.  The four of us met this morning in Houston to decide on our suggested scholarship receipients.  Based on my conversation with Sue White yesterday in Austin, I called her today with the names of the three suggested award winners.  I conveyed this via voice mail, as Sue was not in her office.  She had told me that her schedule would be tight today, so it is likely that she and I will talk tomorrow morning.  She wanted to be able to discuss our recommendations.  I would not anticipate any changes as a result of my pending conversation with Sue. However, I think that it will be best to withhold the names of the recepients until after that conversation.  She will most likely then contact you to confirm their names.  I have phone numbers, addresses and e:mail addresses for all three, and I will provide you with those as soon as the official notification from the University takes place.  Gene, Thomas and Roger are all interested in attending the dinner in Austin if schedules permit.  The week of April 24th is a good one for me for the dinner.  Obviously, many schedules have to be coordinated.  I know that Rick Causey will want to attend (he will have been in London the week prior, so he may be available).  I have also talked with CIndy Olson and I know that she would like to be included if her schedule permits.  Today was Brent's last day in the Houston office for several months.  Let me know how I can help with these arrangements.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will look forward to meeting you during your visit to Houston next week.  I will work with Carol to schedule a time that will work for both of us.  Have a nice flight.  --Sally 
 Glad you enjoyed the game.   It was certainly a panoramic view from up there!  I am that you continue to be pleased with your decision to come to Enron, and I am  certainly glad that you are here. 
 Below is an announcement that was sent to employees within Enron Europe tod= ay=20 from Fernley Dyson and me.  Most of you have probably become aware of the= =20 assignment that Brent will have over the next few months in London.  We=20 anticipate that he will be back in the Houston office by the end of the=20 second quarter.  I thought that you would like to see how we have described= =20 the role that he will play in London. =20  Brent will retain his current role within North America, and will be=20 conducting his Houston staff meetings via conference call from London.  Sus= an=20 Harrison and Steve Jackson will play leadership roles for his gas team whil= e=20 he is in London;  Susan with a focus on operations and Steve with a focus o= n=20 risk and interfacing with Jeff Shankman's on daily p&l and position=20 information.  needs. =20  Please wish Brent well in this additional assignment in London.  I would as= k=20 that you help defeat the "out of sight, out of mind" syndrome, and that you= =20 keep Brent informed of ENA issues as you would if he were in town, via e:ma= il=20 or telephone.  Also, please work closely with Susan and Steve when you are= =20 dealing with issues that cut across commodity lines.  Susan will be attendi= ng=20 the Monday afternoon staff meeting. =20 
 Meant to copy you on this reply to Mike, but forgot to do so before my initial send.  Here it is... 
 Glad you enjoyed the game.  That was quite a climb to those seats!  I did it a couple of times with my two year old in arms, and wasn't sure that I would make it!  That's good that you could watch from a lower level. --Sally 
 Per my voice mail message, attached is a draft memo regarding Brent's role in London.  Any comments would be appreciated.  Fernley and I plan to send this out sometime next week, prior to Brent's assignment starting on April 10. 
 Do you know what this is?   ISO makes me think power.  Any clues?  --Sally 
 Energy Operations has two sets of season tickets for Astros games this season.  One set is four tickets in the field box level, and the other set is two tickets in the terrace level.  I have also purchased one parking spot in a lot that is a couple of blocks from the stadium.  I have divided the tickets among you, with my husband's help.  He identified "good games" (i.e. teams that everyone likes to see), and those are distributed equally across my direct reports.  Tickets for the other games have been distributed based your percentage of Energy Operations employees.  For most games, you will receive all six tickets.  You can use these tickets for yourself and for a small reward for a job well done by someone in your group.  The parking information will accompany the group of four field box tickets.  Patti is including a map of downtown with the parking lot pinpointed.  Your tickets will be distributed to you this week.  I hope that you and your staff will enjoy these.  I also received over 100 tickets from Cliff Baxter, Greg Whalley and Dave Delainey for the exhibition game on Saturday, April 1.  I have chosen to distribute two tickets a piece to all directors and managers in Energy Operations who are not my direct reports.  SInce you will have first call on the season tickets going to your group, I thought that it would be nice to make these tickets available to the next tier of leadership.  I wanted to make you aware of this before these are distributed tomorrow.  Finally, I have purchased a block of tickets for two upcoming games, one a weekday afternoon and one a weekend.  I will let you know these dates soon, as I would like for my direct report group to join me at these games. 
 Approved.  Please note that Co. # should be 0342 for Misc. Expense on Todd032400LondonSAP expense report. Thanks, Sally Beck 
 Sorry that we have missed one another by phone.  I agree that the challenge= s=20 of EBS are going to be very exciting.  Enron has certainly made a commitmen= t=20 to make communications a large part of our future success.  I would suggest= =20 that to get more details that you talk with Scott Pleus.  He is one of my= =20 direct reports, who most recently has been the business controller for=20 Emerging Products, including bandwidth.  Scott's focus will soon shift to= =20 focus full time on trading operations for bandwidth.  Give Scott a call at= =20 X36577 and I am sure that he would be glad to visit with you about the=20 industry and opportunities that he sees within EBS. =20 
 Sorry, I can;t help you on this one.  I don't have a copy.  --Sally 
 I will be at the meeting on Thursday.  I have asked Brenda Herod to attend as well.  Can you add her to your distribution list so that she receives notice of these meetings as well?  That way, one or both of us will be able to attend.  Thanks. 
 I will plan to attend.  Can you attend as well?  --Sally 
 Definitely take off and meet Scott at the airport.  I know that you will be glad to see him.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have attached a listing of planned PRC meetings for Operations that will be held in Houston.  There will be a number of pre-review meetings that will be held over the next two weeks in preparation for an Energy Operations PRC meeting to be held on Friday, December 8th.  The pre-meetings are necessary due to the sheer size of the groups.  (In addition to the meetings detailed in this schedule, Brent's team in EGM is having pre-meetings as well.)  The December 8th meeting will include all operations personnel from ENA, EGM and EIM.  We will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior Specialists and below.  I have asked that the results from the pre-review meetings mirror the "preferred distribution", which as you probably know suggests that 15% of the population will not receive a bonus and should therefore be in the bottom two categories.  Assuming that appropriate work has been done at the pre-review meetings, this review on the 8th should not be too lengthy.  We will take considerably more time as we review the managers, who will have been pre-ranked as well.  This will give us a good jumping off point for the cross calibration discussions.  We will then review and rank the directors and senior directors.  We will also be discussing suggested promotions during this meeting as well.  Finally, assuming that I still have David Oxley and Wes Colwell captive and attentive, I will discuss my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me.  (We will of course pare down the list of attendees as we move up the ladder on levels that we are reviewing -- initial make up of the December 8th PRC is me and my direct reports within ENA, Brent and his direct reports within EGM and Brenda Herod from EIM.)  I have also extended an invitation to Louise Kitchen to attend the December 8th meeting.  I do not know yet if she will attend.  Do you have some suggestions for cross-calibrating on a global basis this year?  I think that next year we can put some plans in place early in the year to help facilitate this.  Would you like to attend the meeting here in Houston on December 8th?  Is there a planned meeting in London that would make sense for me to attend?  Let me know your thoughts.    -Sally 
 DISCUSSION DRAFT     TO:  Enron Europe Employees=20  FROM:  Fernley Dyson, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, EEL Sally Beck, Vice President =01) Global Risk Management Operations=20  SUBJECT: Trading Operations Resource for London   Enron Europe Ltd. has played a vital role over the last few years in the=20 global expansion of  Enron=01,s  business.  Now, EEL is taking a strategic = role=20 in setting the standards for global operational performance.  Accordingly,= =20 EEL will work closely with Global Risk Management Operations to assess our= =20 operational policies, procedures and internal controls.  This will be a=20 collaborative effort to establish and implement standards and measurements = to=20 be used world-wide.  This strategic initiative is critical to Enron=01,s=20 performance, in insuring that trading operations services are delivered=20 consistently across all commodities and all locations. =20  We are very pleased to announce that effective April 10, 2000, Brent Price,= =20 Vice President of Global Risk  Management Operations, will office at Enron= =20 House, reporting to both of us.  Brent will have the responsibility and=20 authority to facilitate this global initiative for Enron Europe.  Brent=20 brings a wealth of operational and risk experience.  His most recent=20 assignment included heading Gas Operations for Enron North America. =20  Brent will have the responsibility to assist and guide us through the proce= ss=20 of assessment and development of global operational standards and=20 measurements.  This will include evaluating the operational processes,=20 procedures and controls for all commodities and locations managed by EEL.  = He=20 will also advise us on any critical issues requiring immediate action to=20 insure that we are fully aligned in  the delivery of global consistency=20 throughout all of our operations.  He will work actively with the operation= s=20 staff in Enron Europe to achieve this goal. =20  (FERNLEY =01) This would be a good spot to perhaps make a reference to the= =20 timing of Mike Jordan=01,s arrival and the role that Brent would play in hi= s=20 assimilation, assuming that when this goes out that you have already sent o= ut=20 an announcement about hiring Mike and his role.)  We ask your full co-operation in supporting Brent and the success of this= =20 initiative. =20  We remain committed to our mutual efforts to develop our people, build=20 business knowledge, leverage talent across locations and insure the integri= ty=20 of our global services. 
 I am in London this week and have picked up your message with the attachment.  If you could let me know what it is that you are trying to do with this, then I will be glad to help you where I can.  Are you trying to create  a job description to be used to search for a local candidate in Japan?  Do you need a job description for internal purposes to create a position on the Tokyo team?  Is this a job description that you want to use in discussions that we may have with Eugenio Perez in a start up role for the risk books?  These three options would all require slightly different descriptions of the role, so it would be helpful to know how you will use this.  Please let me know and I will be glad to work on this for you. 
  Ted Murphy, Tom Bauer, Jim Brown and I met yesterday to schedule the next series of operations/controls reviews of Enron offices or certain companies in which Enron holds an ownership interest.   Attached is a copy of that schedule.  Please contact Ted or me if you have any questions.  You will note that the full make-up of the teams is being worked on currently.  We have identified the lead on each review, however, from RAC, Operations and AA. 
 I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday, March 15-17 to be with my children during part of their spring break.  We will be in town, so I can be reached either at home (281-370=8568) or on my cell phone (713-417-1591). I will check voice mail messages during this time period, but probably once or twice a day.  I will be in the London office next week.  I will be in that office from about noon on Monday through the end of the day on Thursday.  Patti will have a schedule of my appointments while I am there, and she will have an international cell phone number that I will have with me throughout the trip.  Contact her if you need to speak directly with me.  I will be responding to voice mail frequently throughout the week.  I will be travelling back to Houston on Friday, March 24 (leaving my hotel in London around 1 AM Houston time).  I will see you back in the office on Monday, March 27. 
 The e:mail system never recognizes Rick Causey, so you were dropped from the first distribution.  I have to remember to type your full first name! 
 I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday this week (March 15-17).   I will be with my children while they are on Spring Break.  I can be reached those three day either at home (281-370-8568) or on my cell phone (713-417-1591).   The following persons will serve as key operations contacts in the office while I am out: Key Operations Contacts March 15-17  Brent Price   Business Controller, Gas  x37647  Kristin Albrecht   Business Controller, Power  x34763  Also, I will be in the London office during the week of March 20th.  I am working with Fernley Dyson and John Sherriff to structure training and orientation for a new head of trading operations that has been hired in London.  I am also working to provide transition resources to London for operational controls unttil the new guy is on board.  My work on this should be completed by the end of next week.  I will return to Houston on Friday, March 24.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106),  will have a copy of my schedule while I am in London as well as an international mobile phone number where I can be reached. Please don't hesitate to call.  I will be responding to voice mail messages throughout the week.   The following persons will serve as key operations contacts in the Houston office while I am working from London:  Key Operations Contacts  March 20-24  Brenda Herod   Business Controller, Gas  x35778  Kristin Albrecht   Business Controller, Power  x34763  Kristin Albrecht will attend the Monday, March 20th staff meeting at 9:30 in my absence. 
 Per my earlier e:mail message, I am forwarding to you the draft of the report on the operations/controls review of Singapore.  (It is an attachment to the message from Scott Earnest to me.)  The most current drafts of the reports on Oslo and  Frankfurt were compiled by the AA team in London.  Nick Swingler is apparently out on vacation this week.  I have asked AA personnel from Houston to coordinate with their London office to get you a copy of those two draft reports.  Given the time difference, you should receive thos reports via e:mail from AA on Wednesday.  --Sally 
 I'll look forward to seeing you.  Since my first note, I have scheduled a dinner with Richard Sage on Thursday evening - the only time that he and I can meet, since he is in Helsinki through Wednesday, in the office on Thursday but booked that day.  With the Tuesday dinner with Fernley, that leaves Monday or Wednesday.  I hope that one of those days works for you and Frank.  I will try to call Mo - I think that she is still in Houston today. --Sally 
 1)  I just talked with Scott Earnest and asked him to send you and John Sherriff copies of the lastest draft of the report on Singapore.  This draft now incorporates comments from Bill Bradford that were pending last week (he made the trip to Sydney and Singapore, but had to be in New York last week, meaning his imput was delayed until yesterday.  You and John should receive those drafts today.  2)  I sent an e:mail message to John Sherriff after you and I talked, simply to clarify the several purposes of my trip to London (since you said he was asking).  I have scheduled a brief meeting one-on-one with him while I am there.  3)  To outline for you the primary points on my agenda for the week, they are the following:  Iron out with you the trading operations support that Brent and I can provide for you during this transition period Finalize details with Tara Rozen on work permits, accomodations and all of the details on having support personnel in London  Map out with you how we can provide training, orientation and contacts for Michael Jordan when he arrives to help make his assimilation a smooth one (which as you and I discussed, may involved a short stint in Houston)  Meet with you, Barry, Richard Sage and anyone else that you feel is appropriate to collect their ideas on working collectively on effective trading operations and controls world-wide  I look forward to seeing you next week. 
 Attached is the list of PRC meetings that will cover operations for ENA, EIM and EGM.  Location, times and attendees are listed for each meeting.  There are five pre-review meetings that will take place starting today through December 5 in preparation for the Energy Operations PRC meeting that will be held on Friday, December 8.  I invite you to sit in on any or all of these meetings if you would like to do so.  The most meaningful meeting will be on  December 8th.  In that meeting, we will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior Specialists and below.  I would anticipate that if at each pre-review meeting the preferred distribution is met as instructed, then this portion of the meeting will not take too long.  We will then review in more detail the managers, who will have been pre-ranked in the pre-review meetings.  We will also review and rank the directors and senior directors.  I can also be prepared to review my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me, with you, Wes Colwell and David Oxley in attendance.  Call me if you have any questions.  --Sally 
 Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week, arriving Monday morning and returning to Houston on Friday.  The purpose of my visit is in regard to my Global Risk Management Operations role,   I believe that Rick Causey met with you regarding some operations support that Brent and I will provide to Fernley during a transition period prior to the arrival and during the assimilation of Michael Jordan, the JP Morgan staffer that Fernley has hired.  Brent and I will be working with Fernley next week to iron out the details of our support for Fernley during that transition period.  We will also map out an Enron trading operations introduction  for Michael Jordan, which may involve a short stint for him in Houston.  My goal is to provide a strong resource to Fernley during this transition period and to work with Fernley to provide whatever assistance, training, and orientation to Michael in his role so that his assimilation can be as smooth and effective as possible.  Another purpose for the trip is to spend some time with Fernley and his business controllers  to get their ideas on specific goals that as a group we would commit to for 2000.  I know that Barry and Richard Sage have many good ideas on how we can leverage knowledge and best practices across all Enron locations with trading operations.  My earlier trips to London this year were focused solely on Helsinki, and did not allow time to positively focus on leveraging worldwide operations experience.  I value input from other trading operations professionals and I look forward to the ideas that can be generated in working with Barry, Richard and some of their direct reports.  I also contacted Tani Nath about my trip to see how I could support her as she moves into her role in Global Products.  I have not heard  from Tani, but I understand from others that she will be in the Houston office next week. It will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip, but based on my commitments in Houston and Rick Causey's desire to move forward on providing trading operations support to Fernley, next week is the best for me to be in London. I did meet with Tani for an hour when she was here week before last and offered to help her in any way if she made the decision to accept the role over Global Products.  I trust that she will contact me for that support as needed.  I have scheduled a short meeting one on one with you while I am there to discuss how my global role can provide support and resources for your business efforts in London.  I look forward to meeting with you next week.  This trip is not a leg of the worldwide operations/control review that we are conducting at Joe Sutton's request.   By circumstance, as you know, we have taken a look at Helsinki and subsequently Oslo and Frankfurt.  There will be a similar review of Continental power, UK gas, UK power and global liquids. The review teams are currently focused on operations/controls reviews of North American locations and some entities in the US in which Enron has a large ownership position.  It is likely that the continuation of this effort in London will occur in mid April.  Copies of the drafts of the findings for Oslo and Frankfurt were provided to Fernley as soon as the team returned to Houston.  We hope to finalise those drafts this week as we receive comments from Fernley and the business managers in Oslo and Frankfurt to whom those drafts were provided.  Fernley suggested that you would like to see the drafts as opposed to the final copies, so I will have those forwarded to you today.  The Sydney and Singapore trip was a lengthy one, as it also involved a last leg of the trip in London with regard to support for SIngapore.  The Houston team returned the middle of last week and worked with AA on an early draft last Friday.  I can also provide you with a draft of that report, the completion of which was pending input from Bill Bradford early this week (he made the trip but was out of the office last week).  We did do a preliminary review of the Sydney and Singapore findings with Rick Causey and Rick Buy on Friday afternoon, to accommodate the fact that both are out on vacation this week.  They understood the preliminary nature of the draft that was reviewed with them. 
 I didn't get a response from you regarding my e:mail that I sent last week, but I have heard through the grapevine that you will be making a trip to Houston next week.  My plans for being in London next week are firm, so it looks as if we will miss one another.  My offer stands to help you in any way as you take on your new role, so I trust that you will take me up on that offer as needed.  I will look forward to working with you as we develop common standards for operations worldwide, with effective exception reporting.  This is a key initiative for 2000 and will involve trading operations in all locations for all commodities. 
 I have asked my assistant Patti to help me in setting up meetings for next week and I had asked her to arrange  a lunch with you and Brent, plus some time for just the two of us to get together.  We are continuing the worldwide operations/controls review at the request of the two Rick's (Causey and Buy).  That will include a look at Continental power, UK power, UK gas and global products.  Looks as if sometime in April will be the date for that, however, not next week.  --Sally 
 Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week.  Wanted to see if you, Frank and Mo might be available for dinner one evening.  We arrive on Monday morning (March 20th) and will return to Houston on Friday morning. Our Tuesday night is booked, having dinner with Fernley.  But Monday, Wednesday and Thursday are available.  Does it work for you with the baby to do evenings?  Let me know. 
 Have fun in San Antonio.   It is a very popular spring break destination. Enjoy it! 
 3PM sounds great.  I will look forward to meeting you. 
 We are working on the details of Todd's accomodations.  I view this as a business trip on which we are allowing him to bring his family.  ENA is picking up the cost associated with the family.  Sounds as if I need to make sure we moderate expectations on those accomodations, but we will get that handled.  That is great that Edith will be in London for part of Todd's stay.  Your notes ask for Astros tickets for Wed., April 10th.  Monday is actually the 10th; Wednesday is the 12th.  The Astros play St. Louis on both of those days., both evening games.  I would be happy to give you four tickets for either one of those games.  Just let me know whether you actually want the 10th or the 12th.  We will definitely plan to get together while you are here in April.  I would love to see Jo as well.  We will have to work the details.  I am planning to be in London next week, arriving the morning of the 20th (Monday) and staying through Thursday, so we should see one another before April.  I am working on an agenda right now for next week, so I will be back in touch within the next day or so to confirm some time with you there.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your homework on this.  We will definitely take a look at these two places next week while we are in London.  Let us know what we need to do to schedule this.  I look forward to meeting you.  One of your earlier messages suggested meeting on Monday morning.  Monday is great, but we would have to make that an afternoon meeting.  Brent and I will be on the flight that leaves Houston at 7:00 PM on Sunday evening, arriving at Gatwick around 10:00 AM.  By the time we clear customs, take the train, check in to the hotel and shower, we will not be in the office before 12:30 or 1:00.  Do you have a time available to meet with us that afternoon?   Thanks.  --Sally 
 Attached is a referral and resume on an HR professional that I thought might interest you.  The referral comes from James Scribner, a guy that has just accepted a job offer from me.  James and I worked together previously at a bank, and he is very discerning in his evaluation of talent.  When I asked if he knew of any other talented people at Fleming (his current employer) that we should know, he immediately suggested Tana.  His read is that she is very bright, creative, and innovative.  She has worked on many special projects at Fleming, but James believes that she would certainly consider a generalist role as she learned Enron and would then "earn" her way into managing special projects.  I thought that I would give ENA a first look at this candidate. If you are not interested or do not have a need, please pass this referral along to other HR groups.  FYI - James will start work here on April 3. 
 I was forwarded a copy of Fernley's announcement regarding your new role fo= r=20 Global Products Trading Support.  Your discussions in Houston last week mus= t=20 have swayed you to accept the challenges that are there.  Congratulations o= n=20 your new role.  As you step into your new position, please let me know how = I=20 can best support you in my role over Global Risk Management Operations.  I = am=20 forwarding  a copy of the announcement regarding my expanded role that was= =20 sent out in January.  Assuming that you were not paying particular attentio= n=20 to trading operations issues at that point in time, this may be one of thos= e=20 e:mail messages that you skipped.  I thought that it might be helpful for y= ou=20 to understand the focus that I will have in working with trading operations= =20 groups around the globe.  I certainly will look forward to working with you= ,=20 Tim and Kevin. =20  I understand that Kevin will move into a role that is focused full-time on= =20 systems implementation.  Who will assume the day-to-day lead responsibility= =20 for Global Products trading operations in Houston and how will that=20 individual report in to you? =20  I will be in the London office during the week of March 20.  I will leave= =20 Houston on Sunday evening, so that I should be in the office by noon on=20 Monday.  I plan to be there through Thursday evening.  Let me know if you= =20 will be in town that week, so that we can schedule some time together.  =20 --Sally=20 
 The responsibility for granting access to the DPR and associated reports available through the Executive Viewer on line is being shifted from Scott Tholen's team to my operations team.   (This makes a lot of sense, since it is our group that prepares all of these reports.)  Fernley Dyson has requested access to this information via the Executive Viewer.  In insuring a tight distribution list for these reports, please let me know via return e:mail or voice mail (x35926) that you would like for Fernley to have access to the Enron-wide DPR.  Thanks. 
 FYI - This should make things easier in London as there will be one point person to focus on global.  I am not sure that her background will bring a lot to the table in the early stages, but she did seem sharp when I met with her last week.  This announcement did surprise me a bit, as when I last talked with Fernley he was not leaning in the direction of utilizing Tani in this role.  ---Sally 
 Kevin Sweeney forwarded this message to me.  Fernley may have made you aware of his decision with Tani when you and he talked yesterday.  If not, I thought that you might be interested in this.  --Sally 
 http://www.oanda.com/converter/cc_quotes 
 Approved. Sally Beck 
 Am just back from Disneyworld (Tyler loved it, so you will have a great time in a few weeks) today, and I did get your message.  I will talk with Kristin this afternoon.  I agree that Edith would be great.  I will let you know if there is someone else that we can make available if Edith doesn't work.  I will leave you a message tonight before I go on status.  --Sally 
 Please print 3 copies for me in color.  Thanks. 
 I would definitely talk with Wes Colwell about doing the presentation on Business Analysis & Reporting.  I think that he would do a great job! 
 Please share this info with Mom and Dad:  Hotel: Hotel Royal Plaza (with Klein High School Bearkadettes)  Phone:  (407) 828-2828  Air Travel: Miami Air charter leaving IAH at 4:30 PM on Thursday, March 2  Miami Air charter leaving Orlando at 4:30 PM on Monday, March 6 
 Hotel in Orlanda: Thursday PM through Monday AM Hotel Royal Plaza Phone:  407-828-2828  Flight is charter on Miami Air, leaving IAH at about 4:30PM on March 2 (Thursday), and returning about 6:30 PM to IAH on March 6 (Monday).  I do not plan on checking messages, so if something critical comes up, please leave me a message at the hotel.  We are there with the Klein High School Bearkadettes, in case you need to know that to get a message to me. 
 Thanks for making the arrangements in Boerne!  It's interesting to know that the mustard men are real and not just a made up story for tourists. I am glad that I avoided them! 
 Is this what you have from AA as a format/information that they are comfortable with?  --Sally 
 I will be out of the office on vacation on Thursday, Friday and Monday, March 2, 3, and 6th.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106) will have telephone and fax numbers for the hotel where I will be staying.  I will be at Disneyworld with my family and 90 members of my daughter's high school drill team, so it is not likely that I will be available during the daytime.  However, I can be contacted at the hotel in the evening, if needed.  While I am out, please contact the following for any operational needs:  Brent Price   Business Controller for Natural Gas  x37647  Kristin Albrecht *   Business Controller for Power   x34763   *  Kristin will be in the office in the morning only on March 6: she will be in route to Portland in the afternoon.   I will be back in the office on Tuesday, March 7. 
 Rick:  Sorry, I should have sent this to you several days ago.  Is the level of detail correct on these goals as you look to assimilate these with others?  I have stated the goals, but not the action plan to achieve the goals.  I am working on those in some detail right now.   --Sally      Goals for 2000 Global Risk Management Operations   I.  Build/Enhance Operational and Controls Infrastructure to Support:  A.  Merchant Activities  Japan Southern Cone Continental Europe Other regions as identified  B.  Emerging Businesses/Products  Enron Broadband Services Credit Trading Other products as identified  C.  Joint Ventures   II.  Strengthen Mid and Back Office Talent and Controls for Global Risk Management Operations  A.  Establish common operational standards,with effective exception reporting  B.   Strengthen and support the controls mindset in key operational personnel  C.  Develop a plan to identify, develop and provide rotational opportunities to key operations employees  D.  Continue to coordinate with IT to develop mid and back office systems that allow for timely and accurate compilation of data across  systems for risk and business reporting 
 Was it not January when we were back and forth and back and forth to London/Helsinki?  And despite the fact that the date sequence from London looks funny, it would seem that Nigel on the 17th of February is talking about beginning the process (actually debating the process) of background checks? 
 With my recent travel, I am days (maybe weeks) behind on e:mail.  I didn't see my name on the attachment.  Do I have access to this? 
 Please print a color copy for me of the two attachments to Kate's memo. Thanks. 
 Ted Murphy and I met with the Arther Andersen team this morning that accompanied us on our trip to Buenos Aires.  We reviewed the observations and recommendations in written form that we had discussed briefly with you on our last day your office.  After making a few changes, AA should be forwarding to you a copy of the draft document later this afternoon.   We would welcome your comments and your additions on anything that you think we may have missed.  Ted and I will be meeting with Rick Causey and Rick Buy within the next couple of days to discuss our operations and control review, so your responses would be welcomed prior to that meeting.  I look forward to working with you and others in your office in my role over Global Risk Management Operations.  In addition to overseeing common standards and controls for opeartional practices, I will work as your advocate for system and resource needs in order to insure success for your business plan in Buenos Aires. 
 Ted Murphy and I met this morning with the Arthur Andersen team that accompanied us to Sao Paulo.  We reviewed a summary of our observations and recommendations as a result of our visit.  After a few suggested changes, AA should forward a copy of this draft to you via e:mail later today.  We would welcome your comments on the document, and input on anything that you think we may have missed.  Ted and I will be reviewing this information with Rick Buy and Rick Causey as soon as a meeting can be scheduled, so your prompt comments or feedback would be welcomed. 
 My travel lately has not allowed time to interview.  Gretchen Jennings in HR is supposed to be setting up interviews with appropriate candidates for me. She has a stack of all of the resumes that either I have received or those that responded to the posting.  I hope to start interviewing next week, although I will only be in the office Monday through Wednesday.  Feel free to move forward with whatever you need to do.  I trust that I will have several good candidates to consider, and Patti is doing a great job, also.  I need to find out if she would like to  be considered for the fulltime position. 
 Thanks for this info.  I will call the students this week.  With your notes, it looks as if we may be on target in terms of acceptances and the desired number of 6.  Keep me posted on what we hear from the students.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Peggy Hedstrom will be out of the office from March 1 - 11 for vacation. Our spring break week is March 13, so I have sent Peggy a note asking about sometime the week of March 20 or 27.  I will let you know her reply and then I would love to do a joint trip! 
 I have not been able to schedule a review with Peggy yet, as I am still trying to schedule a trip to Calgary so that Peggy and I can do her review. She will be out of town from March 1 through March 11, so I will have to come to Calgary sometime after March 11.  I was in South America last week, and have been to London and Helsinki twice since mid-January, so scheduling reviews is a challenge this time around.  I will certainly get you a signed copy of the review as soon as I can. 
 Clare,  Barry left me voicemail saying 1:30-2:30 pm would probably be okay - I will tentatively put that in Sally's calendar.  We can change later if need be.  Thanks, Patti 
 Barry, Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI.  A lot of people will be tied up all day Feb 29 at this offsite.  She would, however, like to set up time to meet with you in Houston on Wednesday, March 1.  Sally is available from 1:30 - 5:00 in the afternoon.  Please let me know if there is a one hour slot that will work for you.  Thanks, Patti Thompson x39106 (Sally's Assistant) 
 Ted,  Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI.  Patti 
 Another FAS 133 Offsite meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, Feb 29 (all day).  Sally asked me to forward this to you - would like you to attend if at all possible.  Scott, this is an FYI for you - I know you will be overseas on this date.  Patti 
 Sally asked me to forward this to you.  Patti 
 Paige,  Sheila Glover and Scott Earnest will be attending for Sally.  Mike Moscoso is out of town.  Patti 
 Mike & Scott,  Sally asked me to forward this to you & wanted to know if there was any way possible you could attend. I apologize for the short notice, but with Sally going out of the country, things have been really hectic.   Sheila Glover will also be attending.  Please let me know as soon as possible & I will let Paige know.  Thanks, Patti x 39106 
 Kent,  Please forward this to Sally Beck.  Thanks, Patti 
 Thanks for the resume.  She has had some good experience.  Do you know much about her performance here at Enron?  Can I call and talk with her directly? I would certainly keep the conversation confidential at this point.  --Sally 
 I have asked Patti to send Sharron a list of all employees within Energy Operations (a BIG list) and another one with managers and above (perhaps a more manageable list) for this effort.  Since you went to the meeting I didn't know whether or not you were following up on this.  Just wanted to let you know that I have asked Patti to do this.  Thanks. 
 I think that this was great, too.  I look forward to the next one.  Would you like to coordinate dinner plans for the next lecture? 
 Approved.  Please process. Thanks, Sally Beck 
 FYI - I had included Diane Seib and Melinda Whalen (from Calgary) in my promotion memo from Energy Operations.  I believe that they both work under Peggy Hedstrom in operational roles.  I am sure that they didn't mind having their names included twice in promotional memos!  Peggy says that you and Juanita are headed to Calgary next week, and she wondered if I would be coming.  I will be in South America in what should be summer there.  I do plan to make a trip to Calgary soon.  In addition to other things that Peggy and I have to cover, I plan to host a happy hour in Calgary to honor Peggy's promotion and Diane and Melinda, also.  I hosted a happy hour in Houston for Energy Operations employees who were promoted last week, and I wanted to do the same thing for the three in Calgary. 
 I won't be able to join Wanda and Juanita in Calgary next week.  I will find myself in South America next week, in Sao Paolo and Buenos Aires.  Should be interesting, but a long flight.  I am cross referencing my calendar with your vacation days, and I will get back with you later today on a suggested date for a trip north. 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director, a promotion that is very well deserved.  I follow your career within Enron with interest. 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director.  That makes all of the life juggling seem a little more worthwhile, doesn't it?! 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director, a promotion that is very well deserved.  You do an amazing job of balancing children and work, and contributing so much on your work on 133. 
 Please print a color copy of this for me.  Thanks. 
 Friday at 2:00 pm  --does that work for you?  --Sally 
 How about our resources?   Is there someone working on Entelligence now for us that could at least temporarily be redirected to work on updating GCP appropriately? 
 Thanks  -- definitely not too late.  --Sally 
 Thanks for keeping me posted on this.  Do let me know if there are further problems. 
 Friday won't work for me for lunch this week, but Thursday is open for me at this point.  Would that day work for you?  If lunch won't work, then we will plan some time on the calendar for Thursday or Friday.  Let me know.   I will look forward to seeing you. 
 The draft of the memo looks good.  However, your memo says that the memo will be sent to all US employees of ENA.  ENA by definition includes Canada and Mexico.  Therefore, please send the memo to all ENA employees, not just those in the US.  Several of those referenced in the memo as being promoted work in our Calgary office, so the memo should certainly be sent to those employees in Calgary.  I am at x35926 if you have any questions. 
 Please distribute attached memo to all Enron North America employees.  If you need additional information, please call my assistant, Patti Thompson at ext. 39106.  Thank you, Sally Beck Vice President of Energy Operations 
 This made it!  We are still waiting today to find out if we can get a Visa today.  If so, I will be on the way to South America on Sunday evening.  If Chris' associate has any recommendations, I would love to hear them. Thanks.  --Sally 
 It does work!  We enjoyed seeing you, also.  Thanks for letting us crash temporarily at your house. 
 Brent & Peggy,  Memo complete with exception of last paragraph write-up of your promotions. Sally made a beginning stab at it, but would like you to read over your segment and make any corrections or additions that you see fit (Peggy, in your case, can you fill in the blank).  When these are received back from you, I will call her (if it's this afternoon), and final copy will be distributed.  Thanks for your help.  Patti x39106 
 Approved.  Please process. Thanks, Sally Beck 
 The attachment on Ted's memo contains the list of students who will attend the luncheon tomorrow.  Thanks again for doing this! --Sally 
 I will be attending a funeral in Austin on Thursday.  I can be reached on my cell phone (713-417-1951) in the morning and afternoon while driving to and from Austin.  If you need immediate information and I can not be reached on my cell phone, please contact Brent Price at x37647.  I will be back in the office on Friday. 
 I will be out of the office on Tuesday, so have a great time without me. Have a great Thanksgiving. --Sally 
 FYI...Thanks for going.  --Sally 
 Approved.  Please process.  Thanks. Sally Beck 
 David, Can you resend 1/26/00 MPR?  I mistakingly deleted file before all worksheets were printed.  Thanks, Patti (Sally's assistant) 
 Please join us for a celebration of Energy Operations promotions, hosted by ENA Energy Operations Management Team.  The following people will be honored at Irma's (22 N. Chenevert @ Franklin) on Thursday, February 3, 2000 from 5:30 pm - 7:30 pm.  Brent Price  Kristin Albrecht   Brenda Herod Leslie Reeves  Mary Solmonson  Scott Pleus Sheri Thomas  Bennett Kaufman  Richard McKeel John Postlewaite Sylvia Campos   Kam Keiser Phillip Love  Anthony Campos  Kori Loibl Trang Le  Donnie Vinson   Imelda Frayre Amy Degeyter  Michael Nguyen  Sherlyn Schumack Karie Hastings  Leslie Smith  Please RSVP by Friday, January 31 to Patti at ext. 39106 or e-mail reply. Directions will be available Monday at Patti's desk (3012f). Hope to see you there! 
 I can not attend as I will be in the London office for the remainder of the week.  Hope that all is well with you.  We will have to catch up soon. 
 Please forward to James Scribner.  He will call with his e:mail address. = =20 
 Thanks for your note!  --Sally 
 Thanks for forwarding mail to me.  I apologize for the inconvenience of this.  My current e:mail address is sally.beck@enron.com, as suggested within the past few months by the technology group that all addresses use the long name.   HOWEVER, my e:mail address prior to that was sbeck@ect.enron.com. That was printed on my business cards, many of which are still in circulation I am sure.  When ECT became ENA, I changed my e:mail address to drop the ect reference and to use my long name rather than sbeck.  So I can see why you would receive my mail on occassion if someone is either making an educated guess on the address or referencing my old card.  SInce there are at least 2 sbeck's here, have you thought about adopting use of your long name address rather than the shorter version to help in further differentiating between us?   That might help eliminate confusion going forward. 
 Thanks for the note.  While most of my focus will be on ENA, it will be interesting to look at operations around the world. 
 Please find out location of this conference call and put the details on my calendar.  Thanks. -- Sally 
 I am out of the office all day on Wednesday. --Sally 
 Please put my name on the list to attend this forum on Wednesday, January 26.  Thanks. 
 Thanks-- I think! 
 I always have time for lunch!  I will ask my assistant to call you to set something up.  Thanks for your note.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the note.  I am glad that you are enjoying Portland.  I am still on the 30th floor, so do drop by sometime when you are in town.  I would love to see you.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the note.  I hope that you are enjoying your role in EES. 
 Thanks -- I now know that you read notes mail messages very promptly! --Sally 
 Thanks for the note, Sherri.  I know that you read notes mail messages very promptly!  --Sally 
 Two of you had to leave the staff meeting before this final discussion point and three of you were not in attendance, so I wanted to send you the attached memo that I distributed at the end of the meeting.  This memo will be sent by Rick Causey via notes mail regarding an additional role that I will assume with regard to global operations.  I shared this in the staff meeting so that you would be the first to know.  I will still fulfill my role within ENA as VP of Energy Operations.  I will not be going away!  This expanded responsibility should create addtional opportunities for operations personnel and will validate some of the global functions that we already provide to the organization. 
 It is officially on the way!  We will see how long it takes to get=20 distributed.  --Sally=20 
 I liked the new signs for the new hire network this morning, as opposed to the signs for new hire orientation.  Just wanted to let you know that I noticed the difference!  I will be curious to hear about changes to the content as well.  Hope your are doing well.  We will have to have lunch after you get through January!  --Sally 
 Could there be other counterparties that have the same concern as Hess?  You will have to explain to me what the issue was.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 This is the most immediate response that I have ever gotten on notes mail! Just let me know and I will be there.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the note about the video conference.  I have put that date on my calendar and I am very interested in the discussion.  Any details on where I need to go in Houston to join in?  --Sally 
 Please take these meetings off my calendar.  Thanks! 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  It is wonderful to see your contributions recognized in that way!  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your new role in the communciations company.  Building that business will be exciting and how great for the company that you will be there! 
 Attached is a memo that Rick plans to send out - I hope that attaching this makes it easy for you to take care of this.  I am delivering to him a highlighted copy of the memo so that he will know about a few wording changes that I have made since the last time that he saw this in draft form.  He is certainly free to make any other changes before it goes out.  Call me with any questions. 
 John and I haven't talked about this need, but I will certainly think about any likely candidates.  Danny Clark, who used to work in Deal Clearing & Documentation for ECT a couple of years ago, is in EES as far as I know.  He was knowledgeable and meticulous, understood trading as he was a risk book administrator in a previous life.  Have you considered him?  Give me a couple of days to think about potential candidates from within ENA, and I will get back with you.  --Sally 
 This includes OU and UT -- you can ignore the OU names, but there are some good students that I can introduce you to when they arrive! 
 Cecilia, pls forward attachment. Thx. 
 I believe that we may have a potentially good fit for Avril, but my direct report who would have to add her to his staff is on vacationing out of town until Monday.  I will talk with him on Monday morning and I will have him visit with Jeff Sorenson, who previously interviewed Avril (he liked her and was favorably impressed, but had no position for her).  We may then want to be able to talk with Avril by phone, since a face-to-face interview will not be possible.  We should have a decision then very early in the week.  Since you will be in Houston I can update you in person.  I would not panic! 
 I will be out of the office tomorrow and I have asked Mary Solmonson to attend in my place.  Have a great Thanksgiving! --Sally    Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON 
 Preview of info request before targeted 4:30 PM meeting in my office today. 
 The industry quote below is interesting.  I have a call in to Bob to ask him to get you key measurements on EOL business to date.  --Sally 
 Please  update my listing for direct reports.  Do you distribute a copy of this to my direct reports?  If so, please get an updated copy to them as well.  Thanks! 
 THE ATTACHED IS THE CORRECT VERSION.  Please disregard an earlier version of this form sent to Chris Shenkman by Dawn Doucet.  That version was not complete. 
 Attached please find a completed employee profile for Brent Price for consideration for promotion to Vice President.  Please call me if you have any questions. 
 The address list on the memo below contains the names of all ENA Energy Operations employees who worked in the offices in Houston, Denver and Calgary on January 1st to test our systems.   Does it work for you to copy and paste this for Cliff's note?  Let me know if it would be better to provide this to you in a different way.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Thanks for being so prompt. 
 These dates look fine -- I hope that you have something fun planned!  The only slight glitch is that I will receive the bonus sheets on Monday, January 10 and that our turn around time is one day.  If it is convenient for you we can talk by phone on Monday night to review bonuses for your group or we can plan on meeting first thing on Tuesday, the 11th.  I do not yet know at what time on Tuesday we will have to have final changes made.  --Sally 
 Thanks for keeping me posted on the PRC meeting.  I will make travel plans for the afternoon of December 13th accordingly.  --Sally 
 Reference for future months. 
 Does the info as provided from HR indicate MBA's from UT?  I know that Enron probably has a number of undergrads from UT.  At this point, I am specifically interested in UT MBA's, as it is the Houston Chapter of UT's Graduate Business Network for which I will now serve on the steering committee.  Thanks!  --Sally 
 1) Y2K Team:  Let me know if you would like to send a notes mail message from you to the individuals that were here on Saturday, January 1 for the Y2K testing.  I have created an address list that contains those names that I could forward to Susan Skarness to use for that purpose.  2) Draft Memo from Rick Causey:  Attached is a draft memo that Rick Causey proposes to send this week that describes a coordination role that I will play on certain operational policies and procedures that should be coordinated in all trading locations.   I have left you some comments regarding this on my voice mail.  I would welcome your comments or questions. 
 Is there one for this week? Pls. let me know.  Thx. 
 I am resending the original message that I sent to Kevin regarding Rick Causey's memo.  Please refer him to the second point in my e:mail, as well as the attachment.  Thanks. 
 We are wrapping up several hours in the office and have tested all commodities front to back.  We found a few minor issues, primarily reports with report dates that were incorrect.  The content and underlying calculations in the reports were correct.  These were really just query and formatting issues.  All were quick fixes of five minutes or less.  So at this point we feel confident about our system situation.  More will unfold with counterparties next week, but hopefully all found this as uneventful as have we.  Hope your new year's celebration was fun.  We saw pictures of the London festivies on TV as we were cooking our New Year's eve dinner last night at home.  See you soon. 
 I wanted to extend my thanks in advance to all of you who will join me in the office on January 1, 2000.  I appreciate your willingness to devote part of your holiday weekend to the continuing success story at Enron.  As a company, Enron has spent much time and effort to ensure that business will continue smoothly as we move into the year 2000.  Ken Walther, in working with many of you, has done an excellent job of preparing a work plan for January 1.    Your  work on the first  will be the final step in this process.  Your efforts that day will allow all ENA employees to return to the office on January 4th with confidence in our ability to continue business as usual.  I wish each one of you a happy new year.  I continually feel privileged to work with this dedicated and talented group of  employees.  I look forward to all that we will accomplish in 2000. 
 I know that over the past few weeks you have been handling your daily responsibilities and working on the transition of business from our aquisition of CES's wholesale business.  I realize that balancing all of this has been demanding, especially with the holidays, bid week and other end of year actitivies.  Thank you for the extra effort that you have given to effectively absorb the CES book of business.  It is noticed and appreciated.  As we look forward to the new year, I thank you for your accomplishments and contributions in 1999.  It was a challenging and rewarding year for ENA and Energy Operations.  I hope that each one of you enjoys the New Year's celebration.  I look forward to all that will be accomplished by working together in 2000. 
 FYI -- As a result of a discussion that I had earlier in the week with Georgeanne... 
 Approved.  Pls. process.  Thx.  Sally Beck 
 Thanks for the note.  The family is doing well -- keeping us busy with a=20 teenager driver, one in junior high and Tyler who is almost three.  Hope th= at=20 you and your family are doing well.  I know that you must be busy at EES. = =20 Enjoy this upcoming holiday season.  --Sally=20 
 I am not especially surprised that you and Kristin did not get a copy of this report.  My "assumption" in my message was wishful thinking and not conviction that the sign-off meeting between you and AA had occurred. 
 Cindy:  My schedule was so hectic before going out on vacation on December 17 that I am only now reading your message regarding a business owner sign-off for Unify/SAP integration.  I have asked Stephen Schwarz to give me his recommendation on the most appropriate person to do so.  I think that is a good idea.  As soon as schedules normalized following the holidays, I will be back to you with a name. 
 Whom would you recommend play this role for Energy Operations?  Let me know your thoughts.  --Sally 
 Did you get a copy of this?  It looks as if in September that our=20 intercompany balances were relatively low (EES and ENA), with an increase i= n=20 October with Enron Europe.  Do you have details behind this?  Are EES=20 balances gas only, or gas and power?  How do we have imbalances with=20 ourselves?  What kind of reporting do you get from financial ops on a regul= ar=20 basis that gives you the details behind this?  I am assuming that these=20 imbalances are created from commodity transactions, so that we would really= =20 be closer to the details than would financial ops.  Is that a good=20 assumption?  --Sally=20 
 I hope that the two of you received a copy of this. Although Jennifer;s message doesn't mention it, I assume also that she reviewed the findings with you. 
 What is the latest on this? 
 Please note change in red on Key Contact List for week of December 27, 1999= . Attached please find a Key Contact list for Energy Operations for the weeks= =20 of December 20 and December 27, 1999.  Note the following schedule for risk= =20 book reporting to accommodate the holidays.=20   Trade Date  Enron Status NYMEX  Equity Market  Consolidated Risk Reporting= =20  Thursday, 12/23 Holiday  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule **  Friday, 12/24 Holiday Closed Closed DPR not published  **  Monday, 12/27 Open * Open Open DPR includes 12/24 & 12/27 P&L  Tuesday, 12/28 Open * Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule  Wednesday, 12/29 Open  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule =20 Thursday, 12/30 Open Open Open DPR published =01) normal month-end schedule  Friday, 12/31 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  ** (closed 1PM EST)  Monday, 1/3 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  **  Tuesday, 1/4 Open Open Open  DPR includes 12/31, 1/3 & 1/4 =20  Notes:    *  Canadian holiday **  Trader P&L and Position reports will be produces for traded products = =20    Distribution:=20 ENA Office of the Chairman Commercial Pulp & Paper  Energy Operations Cliff Baxter  Greg Whalley Edward Ondarza  Kristin Albrecht Kevin Hannon    Sheila Glover Natural Gas Financial Products  Todd Hall ENA - Other Jeff Shankman Gary Hickerson  Peggy Hedstrom Philippe Bibi John Arnold   Brenda Herod Wanda Curry  Tom Martin Merchant Portfolio  Mike Moscoso=20 Jordan Mintz Scott Neal Andrea Reed   Scott Pleus Bob Shiring   Brent Price Enron Canada Hunter Shively  Weather  Leslie Reeves John Lavorato  Linda Clemmons  Stephen Schwarz=20 Power   Bob Shults Enron Corp. Jim Fallon Bandwidth  Mary Solmonson Rick Causey Tim Belden Tom Gros  Bob Superty Ted Murphy =20 =09 =09 =09 
 Attached please find a Key Contact list for Energy Operations for the weeks= =20 of December 20 and December 27, 1999.  Note the following schedule for risk= =20 book reporting to accommodate the holidays.=20   Trade Date  Enron Status NYMEX  Equity Market  Consolidated Risk Reporting= =20  Thursday, 12/23 Holiday  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule **  Friday, 12/24 Holiday Closed Closed DPR not published  **  Monday, 12/27 Open * Open Open DPR includes 12/24 & 12/27 P&L  Tuesday, 12/28 Open * Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule  Wednesday, 12/29 Open  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule =20 Thursday, 12/30 Open Open Open DPR published =01) normal month-end schedule  Friday, 12/31 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  ** (closed 1PM EST)  Monday, 1/3 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  **  Tuesday, 1/4 Open Open Open  DPR includes 12/31, 1/3 & 1/4 =20  Notes:    *  Canadian holiday **  Trader P&L and Position reports will be produces for traded products = =20       Distribution:=20 ENA Office of the Chairman Commercial  Pulp & Paper  Energy Operations Cliff Baxter    Greg Whalley  Edward Ondarza  Kristin Albrecht Kevin Hannon         Sheila Glover Natural Gas  Financial Products  Todd Hall ENA - Other   Jeff Shankman  Gary Hickerson  Peggy Hedstrom Philippe Bibi   John Arnold     Brenda Herod Wanda Curry    Tom Martin  Merchant Portfolio  Mike Moscoso=20 Jordan Mintz   Scott Neal  Andrea Reed   Scott Pleus Bob Shiring     Brent Price Enron Canada   Hunter Shively   Weather   Leslie Reeves John Lavorato      Linda Clemmons  Stephen Schwarz=20 Power      Bob Shults Enron Corp.   Jim Fallon   Bandwidth  Mary Solmonson Rick Causey   Tim Belden  Tom Gros   Bob Superty Ted Murphy =20 
 This is what we sent to A/P. Let me know if we need to resend.  Thx.  G. 
 I will commit to writing the three items that I had hoped to discuss with you today.  Feel free to get back with me via voice mail (x35926).  If you would prefer to discuss any of these with me, you can reach me at home from December 20-23 while I am on vacation.  My home number is 281-370-8568.  I will be back at work for the week between Christmas and New Years.  1)  January 1:  Do you want me to call you that day after we have tested all systems to give you a status update?  I can leave a voice mail for you at your Enron number.  Or if you prefer, I would be happy to call you if you will provide me with a number where you will be.  Cliff Baxter and several key commercial personnel have asked that I call them after we have completed our testing of all systems that support each commodity and product that we trade in North America.  I will make these phone calls myself, and will naturally treat all phone numbers that I have been given as confidential. Please let me know your preference for notification.  2)  Definition of a global focus for trading operations:  Attached is a draft memo that Rick Causey proposes to send.  This memo describes a coordination role that I will play on certain operational policies and procedures that should be coordinated in all trading locations.  Please let me and/or Rick know if you have any comments or suggestions.  I had hoped to briefly discuss this with you in person, as I would want you to understand two points:  (1) This role will not prevent me from continuing a very strong focus on the needs of ENA.  I have worked very hard to assure a level of accuracy, control and service in ENA operations.  Through that hard work, I believe that I have your confidence in my ability to deliver results.  I  would do nothing to jeopardize that.  (2)  There is a need for this coordination function, and some one will play that role.  If I play that role, I can be in the best position to influence outcomes with ENA's needs in mind.    3)   Gas Logistics:  I will talk with Whalley about my thoughts on this, but I had wanted to make you aware that Jeff Shankman believes that he wants logistics to report to him.  His stated reason to me is that he wants it to "look like power".  I had wanted to discuss with you your thoughts on what the criteria should be on which we make that decision.  I will propose to Greg and Jeff that gas logistics should be located in direct proximity to the regional traders in order to facilitate the flow of commercially viable information about the pipes and capacity.  ( We have that now for the Central and West desks, and should be able to make this happen as the 32nd floor is built out for gas.)  I believe, however, that gas logistics should now report to Brent Price, my business controller over gas for the East, Central and West regions.  Brent would then have operations truly front to back (risk, confirmations, scheduling and invoicing) and he sits on 31 and works very closely with Jeff.   Also, Brent would be in the best position to ensure that the logistics team meets requirements for timeliness and accuracy of volumetric information so that we can achieve our target headcount reduction in gas operations of 52 by year end 2000.  Without a continuing focus in logistics on the downstream information needs, I will be concerned about our ability to deliver our projected cost savings.  I also believe that Brent will be in the best position to ensure minimal flash to actual variances. While Greg and Jeff were certainly both with ECT in 1996 when we had an earnings hit as a result of flash to actual variances, I am not sure that either one was involved closely enough to appreciate the need for a strong front to back focus to prevent these problems, and that includes holding logistics accountable for their part in this.  I will let you know the outcome of my conversations with Greg and Jeff on this issue. 
 Please print and put this in my folder for PRC.  Thanks. 
 We are working very diligently to accommodate the need for space on the 30th floor.  Unfortunately, we are not able to do any major construction to densify the floor during the next several months while Enron Property Services is completing the build-out of levels 29, 31 and 32.   In the mean time, we are going to build out the window spaces on 30 to increase the capacity on the floor.  While these locations are not prime spots, people will need to occupy them as our business continues to grow.  Once the window seats have been constructed (estimated to be 2-3 weeks), we will realign groups on the floor and people will need to move once again.  I am requesting your cooperation and patience to work with Lisa Cousino while she works with space planners to coordinate the location of Energy Operations personnel on the newly-constructed Commercial floors.  Susan Harrison is working with Lisa to manage the space planning on 30 during this transition period.  Chantelle Villanueva will be coordinating all moves of people and equipment on the 30th floor.  If there are any problems once a move has occurred (i.e., missing or non-working phones, boxes, computer equipment, printers, etc.), please contact Chantelle at Ext. 3-6279 as she will also coordinate the follow-up on all move-related items.  If Chantelle is not available, Maria Sandoval will be her backup.  Maria can be reached at Ext. 3-5586.  I would also appreciate your help in cleaning up the floor, including the window spaces.  We can no longer maintain unnecessary boxes, paper and supplies on the floor.  Please coordinate with your assistant to have your area cleaned up by December 31.  During this clean-up process, if you have any documents that need to be filed and/or archived, please contact Carolyn Gilley in the Information and Records Management group at Ext. 3-5237 and she will make arrangements to pick up the information from the 30th floor.  Thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation in maintaining a neat and professional work environment.  Between now and the summer of 2001 when we will relocate to the new building, please keep in mind that we are all working in a temporary and makeshift environment.  I would greatly appreciate your patience and good humor as we struggle to use the available space effectively.  If I have missed anyone on the distribution list that has just recently moved to the 3oth floor, please forward this message to them. 
 Approved.  Pls Process.  Thanks.  Sally Beck 
 FYI:  Effective today, the schedulers for HPL have relocated from the 42nd floor to the 30th floor.  This team reports to my direct report, Brenda Herod, who is the Business Controller for the Asset Group and Texas trading region.  They are on the west side of the building, just outside my office.  While room for this scheduling team was not available on the 31st floor, this move was made to improve communications with the Texas desk traders.  By being within the same elevator bank, we can now employ "squawk" boxes between the traders and this scheduling team.  As we look at space usage on the 32nd floor, this team should be included in space requirements.  We are working with Liz Taylor on those requirements. 
 I will attend the Houston Chapter GBN Winter Reception on Thursday, January 6, 2000. 
 Thanks for the invitation.  Unfortunately, I will be on vacation next week and will not be able to attend.  Have fun!  --Sally 
 Yes.  I would handle this through expense reimbursement. =20 
 Please schedule a meeting for me with Jim Cole for the week after Christmas. Thanks. 
 Thanks for the contact names.  You are right - no staff meeting on Monday, Deceber 20.  Have a merry Christmas!  --Sally 
 Please give Gretel a final list of dates that you plan to be out of the office from December 20 through the end of the year.  For the dates that you will be out, please provide the name and number of the key contact person in your group that will be in the office on the days that you are out.  As I have in past years, I will compile a list of key contacts through the holiday period that we can use internally within Energy Operations.  I will also provide this list to others outside Energy Operations who may needa contact list during this time period.  Please get this info to Gretel by Wednesday at noon, so that I have time to finalize the contact list before I am out on vacation.  FYI:  I plan to be out of the office the week of December 20.  I will be at home during that week and can be reached there if necessary.  I will be back in the office on Monday, December 27 and I will be working through the end of the year. 
 I would love to visit with you about a rotation.  I plan on being on vacation next week, but I will be working between Christmas and New Years.  What are your plans?  With a PRC tomorrow (Tuesday, December 14) and the crunch of finishing a number of items before I go on vacation, it may be tough to get together this week.  So get back to me with your schedule.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 You are right -- we are all in the same boat.  Or plane - or not on a plane. I have tried to get the Associates PRC meeting date switched with the Analyst PRC meeting (scheduled for December 12th).  This switch actually was arranged last week by working with Jana G. in the AA Program.  However, Charlene Jackson has apparently taken exception to that and is reportedly talking with Dave Delainey about this.  Keep me posted, and I will let you know if I hear anything new.  --Sally 
 FYI - I need to talk with Shona tomorrow to get a read on what Rick wants here.  Do you have any ideas given your on-going conversations with David Port?  --Sally 
 Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea.  I would like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues". My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that vary with need.  A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the appropriate team members there, and I hesitate to add an additional meeting to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum. --Sally 
 I have asked Bob Superty, Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens to attend.  I don't have confirmation yet on whether or not all three will be able to attend.  I thought that if asked three, that this should work on one of their schedules.  I will let you know later who will attend.  I will be out of the office that day.  --sally 
 Three weeks ago I started a 15 minute meeting in my office on Monday mornings for a key group working on the commercialization effort of mid and back office services.  Attendees are my key operations personnel involved, Todd Busby (for a preview of what's to come), Rahil and Fred Philipson.  The purpose of the meeting is to review progress on items agreed to for the previous week and to establish priorities for the current week.  I have been capturing all of this on the white board in my office to date.  Today I decided to recap in writing for everyone.  Thought that you might be interested.  Open the attachment to the e-mail below.  This way you will know more of the details of our efforts each week.  --Sally 
 The attachment below recaps our meeting from this morning.  Highlights from last week are noted and commitments for this week are detailed as well.  Let me know if anything has been left off the list.  --Sally 
 I will have that to you by the end of the afternoon.  I have set aside my afternoon to complete the timeline and resource needs, rewrite the presentation to originators, recap our Monday morning meeting on commercialization efforts for this week, work on my game plan for EES and get with Bob Hall to do an update for Brian Redmond on the HPL sale before his Tueday meeting with Louise.  I will share these items with you as I get them checked off my list this afternoon.  --Sally 
 I will be out of town on Thursday.  I think that it would be great if you could attend this info session on CommodityLogic - it would be good to hear how this project is being described to a wider audience within Enron.  If you can make it, please try to attend.  And I would love to have a voice mail message afterwards with your feedback from the info session.  Thanks. 
 I have put this meeting on my calendar.  You don't need to forward to anyone else.  Chantelle should handle that for Brent's EGM team.  Thanks. 
 Latest update - FYI 
 As a follow up to our discussion earlier this week on commercialization of mid and back office services and managing those responsibilities for EWS, I will have a timeline for your review on Monday that will pinpoint key dates: Unify conversion, EES absorption, HPL sale, commercialization, Todd Busby's arrival, etc.  I will also have details of resource needs.  We can use this to set internal expectations on the timing of successfully handling all of these initiatives.  I will welcome your comments on the timeline.  --Sally 
 I will be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday this week.  I can be reached at home (281-370-8568) or on my cell phone (713-417-1591) if needed.   I will be checking and responding to voice mail messages while I am out as well.  In my absence, please contact the following persons regarding trading operations issues:  Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306 Leslie Reeves x37962  Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982 Leslie Reeves x37962  DPR    Shona Wilson x39123  MPR    David Maxwell x36983 
 Thought you'd like to know.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on the birth of Emma.  I hope that everyone is doing well. Enjoy your time off and the opportunity to hold and hug that new baby.  I will look forward to seeing pictures the next time that we get together. --Sally 
 I have my list at home, but I know that we need Dad's sister Jane and her husband, Homer and Karen, Sarah in Austin (whose kids are independently dell-wealthy) and I can't remember who else.  I know that there were ten invitations needed, including Mom and Dad.  The list below plus those in this paragraph total 8 - so we must be missing 2.  I will try to catch David and have him look at the list that I copied from Mom.  Thanks for these.  I will do invitations this weekend.  Do you have the address for Josephine's House?  And do we have a time?  --Sally 
 Hadn't talked with you in a while and thought that I would send a quick note to say hello.  Saying it is busy here sounds a bit like a broken record, but it is busy here!  Big challege currently is juggling our huge day-to-day business for Enron Americas, starting the absorption of some pieces of EES (my part alone looks like an additional 120 employees, with the intent to find ways to assimilate that business and ultimately reduce overall support costs for Enron), the sale of Houston Pipeline to AEP that should conclude in June or July and the commercialization of mid and back office services. All of these of course with top priority!  I am really enjoying having Beth Apollo on the team.  She has already made  a very positive impact, while she is learning the details of the operations side.  How is life treating you?  I know that their is a lot going on in the London office, as well.  How has Ted Murphy's assimilation into the London office been?  Do you have plans to be in Houston any time soon?  Keep me posted tomorrow on any news that you hear from Mike Jordan regarding their baby.  Hope that all is well with you.  --Sally 
 I will need a rental car in Oklahoma - looks like National is the one to use.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Thought you might be interested in these two changes.  Mary has actually been out of the office since late February.  All of her global database responsibilities were transferred in late 2000 to James Scribner and his team, under Beth Apollo.  Mary's effectiveness on CommodityLogic had been lessened over time, and beginning with her absence in February I have relied on my business leads (Bob Superty, Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens) for their evaluation of the NomLogic, ConfirmLogic and InvoiceLogic modules. --Sally 
 Keep me posted on the impact of losing that day.  Thanks. --Sally 
 I assume that Kathryn has communicated this to you.  I have only read Kim's e-mail - I will talk with her later today.  --Sally 
 ??  Will IT resources make a difference in what we need to deliver and how quickly we can do it?  Someone must be giving credit the idea that "if only we had IT resources..." and that those resources are active on Entelligence but are not helping us on other business basics.  --Sally 
 I will serve as your representative in the year end 2000 Associates PRC Meeting.  ENA Management Committee  I represented some of you during the mid-year PRC meeting, and some of you are new to my list of Associates to represent.  I have copied you on an e:mail message that I sent to your supervisor of record as of October 1, according to the records of the Analysts and Associates Program.  You will note that I have asked your supervisor to provide a list of your accomplishments for the second half of the year, as well as a description of your job responsibilities.  You may want to take charge of creating this information.  In addition to the input that I have requested from your supervisor, it would be helpful for me to have a copy of your resume (not necessary to repeat, if you gave me one at mid-year).  While the PRC process will focus on your accomplishments during the prescribed time period at Enron, it enhances my ability to represent you in the process if I have some background information on you.  My assistant will contact you during the next few days to set up a time for me to meet with each one of you, if you would like to do so before the PRC meeting.  These meetings will be scheduled during the weeks of November 27 and December 4.  I will also meet or talk with your supervisor during those two weeks in preparation for the PRC meeting.  Feel free to call me if you have any questions about the process.  I will be out of the office the remainder of this week and most of next week, but I will check and respond to voice mail messages.  My number is x35926. 
 I will meet with Kim this afternoon on her comments on ConfirmLogic.  Bottom line, no sign off from Kim at this point.  Thought you might want to know. --Sally 
 Mary Solmonson has made a personal choice to resign from Enron.  It is with regret that I have accepted Mary's letter of recommendation.  Mary has contributed greatly during her tenure at Enron, particularly in the development of global information that has been critical in supporting our effective systems development and information gathering.  I do appreciate Mary's personal decision, however, and I know that you will join me in wishing Mary well.  Also effective April 16, we have made a realignment within Enron Net Works of the group led by Sheri Thomas.  Sheri will now report directly to Andy Zipper, who leads EnronOnline.  The Operations Product Control Team in its early stages was focused primarily on making our transition to EnronOnline a smooth one for operations.  Much time was spent initially on the bridges necessary between EnronOnline and our legacy systems.  The role of the team has evolved today to one that is intimately involved in the day-to-day operations of EnronOnline.  With this evolution, it makes sense to have Sheri's team as an integral part of the larger EnronOnline team.  Sheri's team will continue to support other e-commerce initiatives, such as Clickpaper, DealBench and CommodityLogic, so that we can leverage the experience of her team and avoid duplication of internal infrastructure. Sheri, Andy and I met with Sheri's team yesterday to announce this organizational realignment.  Sheri has done a great job of leading the Product Control Group over the past 14 months.  Sheri is committed to see that her team continues to work closely with Operations to ensure that any changes in Enron's e-commerce businesses that may impact trading operations are shared with us.  We look forward to continuing to work closely with Sheri and her team. 
 Here is final presentation.  I worked with Fred and Stephen this morning to make final changes.  --Sally 
 Thanks for following up on this.  We will incorporate you numbers for offices and spots in the Tower. 
 I am taking Good Friday as my discretionary holiday for the year.  I will be in Austin with my daughter for her official tour and info session at UT, plus a look at dorms.  Patti will have numbers where I can be reached in Austin.  We are making final changes to the orig presentation today - I will be reviewing those tomorrow in Austin.  I am e:mailing you a current draft version, although it does not yet reflect all of the changes needed.  I am still trying to eliminate some pages to make it more a more manageable size. I have taken the work that Rahil and Fred have done on the services and have made that into an appendix - nice work, but way too much detail for a presentation. 
 Memo on floor meetings, plus my reply to Greg and Philippe. 
 Please print for me - Black & white okay - I can't seemt to get this printe= d=20 from my printer.  Thanks. =20 
 This will be an important meeting for me to attend.  Let me know when this gets scheduled.  Thanks. 
 This is the note that I mentioned that I sent to Philippe today about space in the new building.  You can take up the cause with Philippe when he returns.  I am meeting with Tammy Shepperd at 1:30 tomorrow on some space planning details.  I will tell her that Sheri's group should be located with yours, and by that time I should be able to tell her that Sheri's group will be reporting to you.  I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am. --Sally 
 Here is another one... 
 I will serve as a representative to the  Associates PRC meeting that will take place on December 12.  As a PRC rep, I have been assigned the Associates to represent in the meeting as indicated below.  The Associates Program has provided me with your name as the supervisor of record as of October 1 of the Associate as listed.    Please send the following information to me by December 1.  Associate's accomplishments for the second half of 2000 (prepared by the associate or summarized by you)  Description of associate's current responsibilities/assignment (and any additional rotational assignments during this last six months of the year)  Pre-ranking of the associate from your business unit PRC , or your suggestion on ranking if no business unit PRC process has been completed (Superior, Excellent, Strong, Satisfactory, Needs Improvement or Issues)  Any other information that you believe will be helpful in accurately representing the associate in the PRC process  Recommendation for promotion, if any  I will receive a copy of the Consolidated Supervisor Feedback from the PEP system through the Associates Program.  I will be at a management conference Thursday and Friday of this week, then on vacation until Monday, November 27.  My assistant, Patti Thompson, will be contacting you next week to arrange a time to meet or talk by phone during the week of November 27 or December 4 to discuss your associate and his/her performance in more detail.  I will also contact the Associates and meet with them individually in preparation for the PRC meeting.  Thanks for your attention to this.  If you are not the appropriate PRC supervisor for the Associate listed above,  please reply by e:mail as soon as possible and my assistant will research where I should go next for this input. 
 Back on the calendar this afternoon with Andy Zipper to get his comments on the presentation - should be able to get you and John a copy following that meeting. 
 In re-reading this, I noticed that Todd Hall was included in the distribution list.  He is the only one from Brent's team included.  Do you want to copy Brent as well, or was Todd's inclusion due to his previous responsibility over the MPR, which now is managed by Susie Ayala.  Either way, you may want to include Brent on the message just so that he and his team know about the creation of this common drive.  What about Georgeanne Hodges?  Should she be notified as well?  You may also want to copy Wes as an FYI.  Thanks. 
 Good idea.  Is there a way to monitor usage of this folder is insure that everyone has  read and complied with your message? 
 I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams. We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we will try to make up for time lost yesterday. 
 According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Beth Apollo has recently joined the team and Brenda Herod has recently married.  February and March were gone before I could get organized enough to try to celebrate both of these occasions.  In honor of Beth's arrival and Brenda's marriage, I hope that you can join David and me for drinks and appetizers at our house on Saturday, May 5, followed by dinner at Champions Golf Club.  Please include your spouse or a guest, and know that we will also be happy to just have you attend.  Let me know if that date will work for you. 
 I would recommend floor meetings on 37 (we occupy almost the entire floor) and on the operations end of floor 32.  That would cover everyone pretty well.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Patti will be distributing Astros tickets to you for the 2001 season.  We used a process that gives you tickets for games in proportion to the number of employees on your team.  I hope that you will enjoy the games and that you will also be able to use some of the tickets to reward employees for a job well done.  We have improved our tickets this year.  Thanks to Patti, who scoped out options for new tickets, and to my husband, who studied advantages and disadvantages of each option, we  have some good seats for the year.  The new tickets (4 together) are Dugout tickets, located between home and third base, about 28 rows up from the field.  Not aisle tickets this year, but I sat in the seats for the pre-season opener, and they are a big improvement over last year!  We will work on the aisle for next  year.  We also still have the two Terrace level tickets as we did last year.  For some games you will get all 6 tickets, and for others you may get either the Dugout Tickets or the Terrace tickets.  Not a bad start to the season so far, so hopefully the new ballpark jinx is history!  --Sally 
 Patti:  I left Cindy a message last week about attending the NCL convention later in April.  She says that Ken and Jeff encourage board membership in community activities and that taking time during the business week is part of that.  So according to Cindy, the days at convention will not be counted as vacation days.  I guess I would view this as if I were in LA on business, so no notation on time out of the office.  Thanks. 
 Please let Brent know that I will be on vacation on Monday, November 20th.  I will actually be in the office for meetings from 12:00 to 5:00 that day, but I will be vacation that morning!!  Thanks. --Sally 
 Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization.  We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment. 
 I won't bury you with constant examples, but am copying you on this note regarding floor meetings.  While operations is now a part of Enron Net Works, I believe that the only meaningful piece of that to Philippe and Greg is our commercialization effort.  They are not in the habit of considering the 500 people who provide critical services to EA, EGM and EIM daily.  Floor meetings set by Greg and Philippe were apparently aimed at the IT teams, and yet my group has added over 500 employees to Net Works in Houston alone with our reorganization late last fall.  I will diligently work with Philippe and Greg on this on an on-going basis.   While not fully embraced as part of Net Works, my operations team now is organizationally separated from the key Enron businesses that we support.  I suspect that motivating and managing in this environment will become increasingly challenging.  This is an FYI more than anything else.  --Sally 
 The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams. Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees):  29th Floor (trading) 67 employees  EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk  30th Floor (trading) 35 employees  EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products)  31st Floor (trading) 52  employees  Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR           and MPR teams  32nd Floor (trading) 117 employees  Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis   37th Floor   148 employees  Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
 Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar.  I may or may not attend, but want to have that on the calendar just in case.  Thanks. 
 This date change means that I won't be able to make it to the open house.  I will be out of town on April 27. 
 We'll see you the next time.  Thanks. 
 I have talked with Jeff Gossett, Leslie Reeves and Stacey White to let them know about the Saturday effort and the Sunday meeting.  They all will be in town this weekend and will be on call.    Their contact numbers are listed below:  Home Phone   Cell Phone  Jeff Gossett   281-358-7546*   713-825-6094  *Kingwood exchange - may be long distance Leslie Reeves  281-476-4408   713-907-6554  Stacey White  281-894-0468   281-382-5215  Sally Beck   281-370-8568   713-417-1591 or 713-299-1436  (Kim Theriot reports to Leslie, so she will talk with Kim.  I don't have contact numbers for Kim.) 
 I am hosting drinks at my home and dinner at Champions Golf Club on Saturday, May 5 for my operations team and their spouses.  Greg and I talked about this today.  He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well.  If he and his wife are available, I will let you know details as it gets closer. Thanks for your help.  --Sally 
 Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 
 Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks! 
 Andrew  Parsons is currently leading a project to define and quantify the costs for several different alternatives for disaster recovery.  We should get an update from him to see if there is anything applicable.   There is sheer disaster that impacts many companies/locations (which may require one approach), and then there is nusance stuff (frozen freeways in Houston, etc.) that really requires an updated contact list and set of notification procedures.  And then there is system failure and the requisite back up. 
 I was really looking for the list of attendees to see we wanted to share rides to Neiman's.  Can you get that list form Vanessa?  Thanks. 
 Is it lunch or dinner on May 10? 
 Is this going to be a shower?  If so, I would like to get my own gift for them, if that is okay.  Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute to the gift basket?  What time on the 20th - I'd like to put that on my calendar.  Does Louise know if it is a boy or girl?  Thanks.  --Sally 
 What does "completed" mean?  My first request was to give me access to review all e-mail messages that Mary has received since March 1 through yesterday's date.  I asked if they could be transferred to my mail box to simplify my review process.  Has this been done?  I don't see any new messages that have been transferred from Mary's mail box to mine.  --Sally 
 Please print in color for me.  Do we have a file set up for these?  Thanks. --Sally 
 Imagining that for myself, it would not be a pretty site.  Was it just a lot of movement, or was there noise as well?  --Sally 
 In a meeting with Louise Kitchen today, she mentioned that Bob Superty was very impressive in a presentation that he made to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors on Wednesday.  She was very complimentary.  I have let Bob know about Louise's praise.  Thought that you would like to know as well. --Sally 
 This is a copy of the presentation that Bob Superty made to the Peoples Energy Board this week.  Lousie Kitchen told me that he was very impressive in the presentation (not a surprise to me, but it is nice when others recognize the talent that is in the operations organization).  We may be able to incorporate some of this into our presentation to originators for internal purposes, and there may be parts of this that could be used in external marketing tools. --Sally 
 Please print in color for me.  Thanks. 
 Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon, then he, Beth Apollo and I will meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise.  I don't want to "mass mail" this on Friday.  (None of these guys will read it on Friday afternoon or over the weekend anyway.)  Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).  They will likely come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presentation could be tweaked.  With revisions from this session, then it makes sense to set up one on one meetings with each orgination team (we spread the word to the whole team, rather than just hitting the origination lead).  We can start those next week and finish most next week.  I think that the logistics of any offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really think that we need one.  Calgary will need a special message, and we may have to go to Calgary to deliver it.  You and I can discuss that in more detail.   Max will be in from Mexico on April 20, and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him on that day for us to cover this information.  Laura Luce is here today and will be back in Houston next Wednesday, April 11.  I have booked time with her that afternoon to cover the presentation.  That will leave Portland as the other "out of towner" to schedule.  I am planning a trip there the next time that Stacey White heads up there.  Right now we are looking at April 17, 18 or 19.  We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with him perhaps in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west power risk team.  I would  welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.  You and I can discuss the appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentations at lunch tomorrow.  I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage and input.  Are you comfortable with this plan of attack?  --Sally 
 Pecan pie would be great - I have tried but do not do that very well, but I love it.  I will probably make pumpkin chiffon and lemon/raspberry pie, so pecan would be a great addition.  Mom is going to do the rolls.  We will put the reserved sign on the guest room for you  -  improvements in those quarters as well.  I recently cleaned out the guest room closet, bought new towels and have ordered new luggage racks.  We will use the old luggage racks in the media room.  Cool new blanket for the sofa bed in there, however, so Cara and Chris won't suffer too much. 
 Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:  Gas   Frank Vickers (East) Laura Luce (Central) Barry Tycholiz (West)  Derivatives  Fred LaGrasta  Power  Dave Duran Ozzie Pagan Ed Baughman Bruce Shuckley  Portland  Chris Calger  Calgary  Ladain  Mexico  Max Y.  When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 
 I didn't read through all of the names, but wanted to make sure that we are including Beth Apollo on invites to participate in recruiting.  I think that I mentioned her to you.  She is a VP who joined my team in January after spending four years in Enron's London office.  She graduated from Trinity and worked in public accounting before coming to Enron.  She would be great to have on a team.  I would love for her to join us at UT, but if she has another preference that is great, too.  If she is not on your list yet, why don't you call her for an introduction and give her the rundown on the schools that you are responsible for so that she can make a choice.  Thanks. --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for the info on the recruiting expo.  Sounds like fun, but I won't be able to make it.  I am taking the day off on Friday, April 13th to take Meagan for her info session and tour at UT.  We will be driving to Austin after she gets out of school on Thursday afternoon, April 12.  You know that you can count me in already as a team member!  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for the update.  I am forwarding your message to Beth Apollo.  She is the VP on my team that manages our Global Services, and this Executive Report Viewer falls in that arena.  She will be closer to this than I.  You may want to get her feedback as well.  --Sally 
 Great idea to run this by Louise.  She ususally has some good ideas on how things should look and feel online.  I would love to see it, too.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business voice mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:  1)  Please grant Vanessa Schulte access to Mary Solmonson's voice mail so that she change the access code for retrieving messages so that she can review any incoming voice mail messages and deliver appropriate business responses.  2)  Please work with Vanessa Schulte on the process of forwarding all incoming calls on Mary Solmonson's line (713-853-6079) to Vanessa's line (x35565) if she so chooses.  She may prefer the ability to check voice mail messages on Mary's line to having Mary's line automatically forwarded to her line.  If she chooses not to forward Mary's line to hers, she will create a new message on Mary's line that can direct callers to Vanessa.  Thanks in advance for you help on this. 
 Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:  1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle. Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?  2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."  3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to Vanessa Schulte's mail box.  Thanks in advance for your help on this matter. 
 Per my memo below, please enroll Brenda Herod, James Scribner, Thresa Allen= =20 and Shona Wilson for the May session.  Thanks for the reminder and for your= =20 help!  --Sally=20 
 The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session call= ed=20 Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP lev= el=20 and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the cla= ss=20 was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is us= ed=20 in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two = to=20 three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the=20 participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees. = =20  Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior=20 Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our= =20 organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't= =20 find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot= =20 out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want t= o=20 work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will = be=20 offered in May, September, November and February (2002). =20  However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first= =20 session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to ha= ve=20 several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion=20 would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors an= d=20 that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as=20 directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these=20 names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know an= d=20 we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would ha= ve=20 to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that= =20 the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know= =20 your recommendation on a substitution. =20 Thanks.=20 
 Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results? 
 Please put this on my calendar.  I can't get this to print and it is too small for me to read! 
 Got your note.  It's a little premature to forecast now - we will have a better idea by April 15 - our timeline for completing our look at a revenue model.  Can we delay until then?  We do have a monthly fee of $16,000 that we are receiving from Bridgeline that, while small, you could include in our revenue line to date.  I am not sure why it is not showing up as income. Probably because we have been considered a cost center to date.  I suspect that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost centers.  By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich, could you and he figure out where that income is and classify it appropriately so that it shows as revenue?  Since our costs are fully allocated to business units, this should be pure margin.  Hey, you have to start somewhere!  I have a lunch meeting scheduled with Greg Piper on Friday this week. One of the items that I want to discuss with him is how we want to treat expenses that we are incurring while researching the feasibility of this business.  I don't have an answer for you today on what if any costs will not be allocated to the business units.  Next week I can give you more info on that. 
 FYI - Let's discuss.  --Sally 
 Tight time frame for Mike & co. on metals deliverables.  Raises the question around the timing of next week's visit on metal.  Will we divert critical resources from these efforts.   --Sally 
 It didn't occur to me until seeing Richard's message that we might have a hole in communications with Mary being out on an extended basis.  We should probably create a message on Mary's phone that refers callers to someone else - ditto on e:mail messages.  Beth, does it make sense for that referral to be James, or you, or Vanessa?  Others within our organization that may try to reach Mary could have questions about global databases, projects that Joel's group had been handling, etc.  I am not trying to put this off on you if you don't think it is appropriate - but James and/or Vanessa came to mind as possible contacts.  By copy to Hector, I also wonder if we should review incoming e:mails that have come to Mary over the last several weeks to see if there are some internal requests to which we need to respond.  Let me know what you think.  --Sally 
 I am following up with someone that was on Mary's team that now works for Beth Apollo.  We will get back with you on this shortly.  --Sally 
 Does Vanessa know anything about this?  I know that we had a definite interest several years ago in a system from Siebel.  We shelved it at the time due to IT resource constraints and Philippe's concern over costs.  In the meantime, EES bought a license and uses this system.  I know that Mary was resurrecting this with someone on her team.  She had recently reviewed it with Brenda Herod, I believe.  This is one of the items that we listed in Dallas as a need if we were to get heavily into providing services for others.  --Sally 
 Last summer we hosted a lunch for summer interns right at the end of their assignments with us.  We had other UT alums attend the lunch.  Feedback from the summer interns was favorable.  Their key comment, though, was that it would have been great to have had that get together earlier in the summer so that the interns could have networked with other Enron UT alums throughout the summer.  Can we plan something for the UT interns earlier this summer? It would probably work well to include the summer associates as well.  I will be glad to help in any way.  Just let me know.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will be in the office the whole week of April 9.  I will ask my assistant to call yours to set up a 30 minute meeting for us next week to discuss the candidates that we saw during the scholarship interviews.  --Sally 
 Sally has arranged Brian Wood with Avistar to demo a desktop video conferencing product tomorrow (Wednesday), April 4, 1:00 -2:00 PM.  Brian will meet at Sally's office and take whoever is interested to another office location in the Enron Building for demonstration.  If you are interested in attending, please call me at x39106 so I can give Brian a headcount.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications.  I don't recognize the names.  The name noted as manager is Loyd Will, who is a commercial employee reporting to Kevin Presto.  Thanks. 
 I am glad that the information that I sent was useful to you.  I had originally planned to be at Wellesley for the interviews on campus.  I now have business commitments in Houston that will keep me from making the trip. But I am certainly glad that you are included in the interviews.  Please feel free to call me if you have any questions either before or after the interview process.  --Sally 
 Please put these dates on my calendar and let Lexi know that at this point the calendar is open and that I will be happy to participate in both the information session and the interviews.  Thanks. 
 I was at the pre-seasoner opener at Enron Field last Friday night and saw you throw the first pitch.  It was a nice one - never a chance of it hitting the dirt!  -Sally 
 Thanks for putting this together.  I will look forward to reading the details later today. --Sally 
 Can you print this for me?  Thanks. 
 You are kind - and that's one of the things that I love about you!  I suppose that we should get serious about the dinner for Mom and Dad, since it is two months away.  I will be glad to handle invitations.  I will look for some this week and coordinate with Mom on final names and addresses.  Cara had sent an e:mail a few weeks ago with some detailed questions to answer.  I still have a copy of it, but haven't focused on it to date.  I will call you tonight and we can go through it and offer to Cara to follow up with Josephine's House if that would help her given her current charge at home. --Sally 
 Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of myself and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally 
 Looks like this is back in the right spot for discussion... 
 Thanks for your note and resume.  I have sent a copy to our Managing Director of Global Financial Trading.  He is in our London office this week, with a pretty demanding schedule, so it may be early next week before I hear back from him with regard to his interest.  I look forward to talking with you tomorrow.  Best time to reach me would be around 2:00 pm.  --Sally 
 Resume attached per my voice mail to you.  This guy is currently at Compaq, but wants to do something else.  Any interest?  As I said in my voice mail, I will be glad to call my friend Dave Schempf to get more info on this guy if you would like.  --Sally 
 TO:  All EGM and EIM employees affected FROM: Sally Beck, Managing Director of ENW-Global Risk Management Operations  Last fall, the Enron Wholesale Services organization was created and announced in an organizational memo from Jeff Skilling.  All wholesale companies (Enron Americas, Enron Europe, Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets) plus Enron Net Works and Enron Global Assets were included in the Enron Wholesale Services umbrella.  In that organizational memo, the Energy Operations team (now Global Risk Management Operations) was moved into Enron Net Works to align our operational services, information technology and e:commerce platforms in order to offer the best quality services to Enron wholesale customers.  This alignment also positions us to evaluate the prospect of packaging these services for other customers as well.  With this reorganization, we continue to maintain dedicated operations teams that support each of the wholesale businesses.  Since this reorganization occurred so close to year end, I suggested that we wait until January 1, 2001 to move employees under Enron Net Works.  Senior management, accounting and HR agreed with this date for effecting the move to Enron Networks.  Unfortunately, however, the January conversion to Networks did not get fully executed.  To correct this, effective April 01, 2001, all EGM and EIM  employees  and non-employees who provide risk management operations services and ultimately report in to Brent Price and Brenda Herod, respectively, will be transferred to ENW - Global Risk Management Operations under  company 083E.   Starting April 1st, you should start using new cost centers for coding and timekeeping purposes.  This will formalize the ENW-Global Risk Management Operations' structure.  There are some direct effects that surround the conversion to Enron Net Works. Because you are transferring between Enron payroll companies, IRS requirements state that FICA withholding must start over.  This applies only to the OASDI (6.2%) which has a maximum wage base withholding of $80,400.00 for 2001.  Medicare tax withholding of 1.45% has no cap and therefore does not start over but continues as usual.  The excess OASDI withholding that you incur for the year will credit to you on your 2001 tax return as withholding.  Therefore, to alleviate the burden of starting over, you can adjust your Federal income tax withholding down by filing a new Form W-4 and claim additional allowances which will reduce the withholding to adjust for the excess OASDI withholding.  Be sure to ask your tax advisor what additional steps you can take to balance out these changes. You may also contact the Payroll Department @ 713/345-5555 to assist you with any questions.  We will continue to have dedicated HR reps who will work directly with you and your team and who will coordinate among themselves to share best practices that can positively impact all teams.  If you have questions, please call the HR representative who supports your organization, as identified below relative to the business unit to which your team is dedicated:  Business Unit HR Contact Phone# EGM  David Hill 713/853-4218 EIM Kathy Neal 713/345-7803 EA/Global Services Frank De Jesus 713/345-3662 EA/Global Services Hector McLoughlin 713/853-6703  Thanks for your continued hard work and dedication to the success of Enron Wholesale Services. 
 Thanks for the suggestions for Richard.  Let me know if you think of other ideas - I need b'day and Christmas ideas.  Probably the easiest thing to bring for Thanksgiving could be a dessert -- or something else that is a favorite of your family.  I know that it is really kind of hard to travel with food -- particularly since you will probably be working on Wednesday morning.  I have made Thanksgiving dinner for so many years (one of the few times that I really like to cook), that I will be glad to cover it.  Your company will be the very best thing that you can bring. We are looking forward to having you all here.  (The sleeper sofa for the media room will arrive this Friday!) 
 Gwynn,  Sally wasn't quite sure what you wanted.  She put together a little something - if you can use it fine, if not, that's fine too.  Opportunities for accounting professionals in traditional and in non-traditional roles, such as transaction structuring, risk analysis and commodity operations.  Patti x39106 
 FYI - People tend to forget that we have some parts of the business that run 24 hours a day.  We often get notices like the one sent on March 29 below without much lead time and without regard to potential business impact.  Bob Superty has done a good job in scrambling to provide business solutions for us in gas scheduling.  This is a good team that knows how to react quickly. --Sally 
 Please approve. 
 I talked with Anne Koehler in Legal today to determine her understanding of what is required from Energy Operations prior to the effective sale of HPL. Anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term "protocol" into these discussions.  To clarify, according to Anne, the "protocol" is not anticipated to be a formal legal document.  Instead, Anne envisions simply e:mails or memos between Enron and AEP with regard to any sharing of information, agreements on processes to be followed in the transition, etc. Operational details to be decided between Enron and AEP have been handled exactly in that manner to date, with e:mails being sent from Bob Ball (Enron) to Steve Jackson (AEP).  Only critical changes to the Purchase and Sale Agreement will be formally documented.  Bob Hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the original Purchase and Sale Agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for gas to be delivered in the month of May.  He has worked with Enron's treasury group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with Sandi Braband in Legal to document this change to the Purchase and Sale Agreement as an Amendment to that agreement.   As of today, Legal has completed revisions to that amendment and Anne Koehler is sending it to Mary Perkins in Enron's Treasury group for her review.  Upon Mary's review, Anne will forward the amendment to AEP for their review before final signatures.  We devised this week a new format for incorporating the AEP-HPL transition issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of you.  This new format incorporates the various memos and e:mails which have to date captured the status of transition issues.  Items that only require actions by Enron will be our "to do" list.  Each item has a due date and we will update you weekly on progress.  Those items that fall under the AEP list or which appear in both the Enron and AEP list will be the items to which we will evidence communication to AEP and/or their agreement via the e:mails or memos as suggested by Ann Koehler.  I believe that this should satisfy your requests earlier this week for written "protocol".   We will also update you weekly on the status of those e:mails and/or memos between ourselves and AEP.  I understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update on the HPL sale.  To provide clarity for these update meetings, may I suggest that we incorporate one of the following two approaches:  1)  Brian and I hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so that Brian has a full   understanding of operational transition items and their status, or  2) I attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a firsthand update to the two of you.  Please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can incorporate that into our schedules for next week. 
 Big ticket item on here is the group dinner in Dallas for the ASE.  I can view the entry and can click on attendees - but only see a list of 10 or 12 attendees.  There were 30 or so, plus Greg Piper and Lisa Petruska.  I am missing a second page of attendees, or were only a few listed?  If I am not missing a page, please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees (all who were at the ASE plus Greg and Lisa).  A $4,000 meal for 10 attendees looks funny.  There were many more in attendance.  The cost of the meal makes more sense with a complete list of attendees.  Thanks. 
 We will get you back on the official distribution list.  For now, I am forwarding our weekly report to you.  --Sally 
 I would like to have my directors and senior directors take this course. = =20 There is just one course date noted in the attachment in May.  Will there b= e=20 other dates during the year?  I can't have everyone go at the same time.  I= =20 would like to get the list of dates in 2001 and then send a memo to directo= rs=20 and senior directors requiring them to attend one of the sessions.  Can you= =20 also get me a list of the director and senior directors that I have in EIM,= =20 EGM and EA?  Will this course also be offered in London for directors? =20 --Sally=20 
 Good response, Bob.  Thanks for leading the way on the format for that meeting.  --Sally 
 FYI - See attachment for latest attempt at satisfying the "ill-defined".  If this is not on target, we will keep working until it is!  - Sally 
 All eight students that we interviewed for the Enron Scholarship were great and we should actively be sure that we get them on our interview schedules next year when they are in the second year of the MBA program.  I don't want to simply leave that to chance by encouraging them to consider us.  Karen's letter (noted below) is a good idea, but we should augment that by getting these students names on our radar screen for next year.  I will find out who the recruiter is for UT MBA's and I will get copies of the students' resumes and my notes on where they could be a good fit to that recruiter.  --Sally 
 I have tried but cannot get the attachment to open to look at the report produced by London.  Do you have a hard copy that I can see?  I can get it from you during the Risk Forum luncheon today.  Thanks. 
 Are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester?  The dinner with Dean May and others from the University is great in the fall. But last year, we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from Enron.  This can be simple and we don't have to coordinate around the schedule of any UT faculty or staff.  But it does allow Enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen.  --Sally 
 Bob,  Sally is out all day w/ UT recruiting function.  She will not be back into the office until 8:00 Thursday for CommodityLogic meeting.  I am forwarding this to Bob Hall - please check with him regarding how he would like this handled.  Thanks, PT 
 In a recent CommodityLogic staff meeting, I took stock of the number of people and projects that I have provided from Energy Operations to that team.  From conversations that you and I have had, I get the impression that perhaps others have led you to believe that my commitment to CommodityLogic has been limited.  The truth is that I hand picked key members of the team and transferred projects that we were already undertaking in Energy Operations to round out the suite of products to be offered through CommodityLogic.  I just thought that it might be helpful for you to have the facts so that you are fully informed whenever you are involved in conversations around CommodityLogic.  Staffing Contributions CommodityLogic Project Manager (NomLogic):  Carrie Slagle, Manager CommodityLogic Project Maanger (Integration):  Susan Harrison, Manager CommodityLogic Project Manager (ContactLogic)  Mary Solmonson, Senior Director CommodityLogic Team Member (NomLogic):  Molly Sumrow, Specialist  User Requirement and Testing Staff:  Energy Operations Gas Schedulers, Power Confirmation Team and   Financial Settlements  Projects Transferred to CommodityLogic  NomLogic (previously known as Contract Exchange in Energy Operations) ContactLogic (global databases in Energy Operations)   Two of the Project Managers on the team, Carrie Slagle and Susan Harrison, were transferred from Energy Operations to CommodityLogic.  Both had worked in managerial roles in our natural gas business, reporting to Brent Price. Both had been significantly challenged in the first half of 2000 by roles where they were charged with managing large teams of people.  But knowing both Carrie and Susan well, I viewed them as valuable members of the operations team who know a lot about the business.  Both have proven in the past to be good project leaders. Therefore, identifying them as project managers for CommodityLogic made a lot of sense -- providing gas operations experience to the CommodityLogic effort and utilizing their skills most appropriately .  Brent Price and I worked together to sell Susan and Carrie on the assignment and to transition them to their CommodityLogic roles very quickly.  One of the key team members working under Carrie Slagle on NomLogic was a scheduler on our gas team (Molly).  Bob Hall, our opeartions controller over natural gas, suggested that a scheduler on the team would be valuable, since Carrie and Susan have actually never scheduled gas themselves.  NomLogic was already a project that was underway in Energy Operations.  We started the project shortly after the tremendous ramp up in natural gas volumes due to EOL transactions.  We called the project Contract Exchange, and Bob Superty, who is the daily manager over gas logistics, was the project sponsor.  Tom looped in our Contract Exchange project into CommodityLogic and subsequently renamed it NomLogic.  Molly had been a member of the Contract Exchange project team, and we transfered her along with the project to CommodityLogic.  Many of my key employees in gas scheduling, confirmations and settlements work very closely with the various CommodityLogic project managers.  It is input from my group that has created the modules by defining user requirements and they have served as the testing teams as well.  In the fall, I assigned Mary Solmonson to focus full time on CommodityLogic. I recognized that we needed more senior level involvement and I viewed Mary's participation as a good way to leverage my time.  Previously, she was a senior director managing our Global Databases group.  With an IT development background and a very thorough knowledge of our operations business, Mary was the perfect candidate out of my direct report team to focus on CommodityLogic.  Unfortunately, her recent health problems will curtail her involvement going forward.  During the five months that she was assigned to CommodityLogic, Mary developed a plan for ContactLogic that Tom feels is excellent and notes that it is an important complement to the other modules.  Early in the project, I had also selected two very key and knowledgeable operations professionals to be part of the  CommodityLogic team - Leslie Reeves, who played a significant role in building Enron's power business from day one, and Todd Hall, with experience in natural gas and emerging products.  They were part of the  CommodityLogic team in the early days, and both made personal decisions to exit the team and return to managing mid and back office operations.   Susan Harrison and Carrie Slagle were their replacements on CommodityLogic. 
 Thanks for your list.  I will add these to our Hot List.  Let me know about the A/R.  Thanks.  Would love to hear about your trip in more detail.  --Sally     Peggy Hedstrom 03/26/2001 01:54 PM 
 FYI - sounds as if Michelle is accepting.  Do you have anything firm from her?  --Sally 
 FYI  I will be out of the office on Wednesday, March 28.  I will be in Austin interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships.  This will be the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top MBA students for use in their second year in business school.  It's great PR for Enron on campus (largest MBA scholarships given) and it has helped in our recruiting efforts as well.  We hired one of the first scholarship winners and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron Americas.  Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview team.  Now that is me.  This is just a day trip, and I will check messages during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon.  I will also be in New York on Friday, March 30.  Steve Kean asked that I be the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia School of Business.   I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is a short one. 
 Frank & Hector,  Here is the list of contractors that Kymberly sent Sally - please compare to list from Peggy McCurley that Sally gave you last week.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I am so glad that you will be able to interview.  I will look forward to seeing you in Austin on Wednesday.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron. --Sally 
 Bob & Leslie,  Sally asked me to set up several meetings for next week.   1st one - subject:  exactly what CommodityLogic is going to mean to us and how it will work for us.  She wants the two of you plus:  Leslie - can you designate your best person for ConfirmLogic & InvoiceLogic and Bob your best person for NomLogic.  Probably 1 &1/2 hours Monday.  Please let me know your availability.  2nd one:  Will probably be Thursday morning - can you check availability for this one also (2 hours).  Participants would be all of the above + Greg Piper, Tom Gros, Carrie Slagle, Project Managers for InvoiceLogic, ConfirmLogic, & BankLogic + Mark Taylor in Legal.  Purpose:  Discussion between Project Managers and end users on CommodityLogic.  I will wait to hear from you Monday morning re: 1st meeting.  I will talk to Greg's assistant re: his availability on Thursday and get back with you on 2nd meeting.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Please print for me.  Thanks. 
 I will be in New York on business on March 30th.  Sorry that I will not be able to attend.  The other person that I would send in my place is Beth Apollo.  However, she will be on vacation next week.  Can you give me any info that may be made available?  Thanks. 
 Hi Dierdre,  I got your name from Christie Patrick as a contact for the Columbia Women in Business Conference.  Sally Beck will be attending in place of Christie Patrick.  Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can include on Sally's itinerary.  I read in your note to Christie that you would be sending invitation w/ directions and address - can you send me a copy also?  If not by e-mail, is it something that can be faxed? My fax number is 713-345-8100.  Thanks for your assistance.  Sally is excited about participating in your conference and looks forward to meeting you.  Patti Thompson Sally Beck's Assistant 713-853-9106 patti.thompson@enron.com 
 FYI - 
 Did you get the changes that we discussed yesterday included before the response to the RFP went to CMS?  Also, please send me a copy of the complete response to the RFP, assuming you have that.  You mentioned yesterday that the document we were reviewing was only part of the package.  I would like to see the whole thing.  Thanks. 
 I didn't search this long list of addressees to see if you were included.  In case this is going only to Peggy, I thought that I would forward this since she is still on vacation.  --Sally 
 Have you heard any more about this?  I didn't see it on my calendar.  This does conflict with Philippe's Thursday staff meeting I believe.  Maybe Philippe will cancel that.  Let me know.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Murray,  Sally Beck and Leslie Reeves are both on vacation this week.  Sally will need to discuss this with Leslie next week when they return to the office and get back with you then.  Patti Thompson (x39106), Sally's Assistant 
 FYI per my longer e:mail update message... 
 I got the message that you couldn't meet this afternoon.  Thought I would do a quick note to bring you up to date on some things.  Commercialization Efforts- Services:  Delayed by several days due to the unexpected absence of Mary Solmonson for health reasons.  I learned about this when I returned to the office on Tuesday, and have worked to replace her as best we can during this market sizing phase.  Jennifer Denney (who was in Dallas with us and works under Sheri Thomas in the EOL Product Control Group) will partner with James Scribner in Mary's absence to help us run down additional data on potential customers.  Beth Apollo will be working closely with James and Jennifer.  They will welcome Rahil's help and will continue to work with Jennifer on developing the revenue model.  Commercialization Efforts - Consulting:  Bjorn Hagelman in the RAC group made a presentation at the Risk Forum luncheon last week outlining a plan for providing risk consulting services to external customers.  Some of his ideas overlap the ideas around consulting that we fleshed out in our Dallas meeting.  Some of his ideas included providing services from my risk operations team.  I want this to be a concerted and not disjointed effort. Bjorn's vision is to create an Enron sub that will be the consulting company.  Our team in Dallas saw wisdom in partnering with an accounting/consulting firm - established marketing arm, existing customer contacts, proven consulting skills, depth of resources, etc.  There could be a play to get a hefty sum up front from a consulting firm to partner with us - we impart our risk knowledge, they get the edge in the marketplace from pairing with us, we take our upfront payment, they do most of the grinding work - not necessarily a bad model.  Bjorn seems to be in a hurry, as he has identified a shipping company in Europe that is in need of risk consulting and is ready to pay.  Probably okay for him to start this effort in that way.  Prove concept, and then we can consider the wisdom of partnering with someone else.  I spent some time with him today.  I want to be sure that he doesn't commit my team to provide a service without our understanding and being in agreement with the fee structure.  We are okay for right now.  I will be following what Bjorn is doing and looking for ways to work together if there is a good upside.  I will keep you posted.  Commercialization Efforts - Internal Marketing:  We have to change some business practices within Enron and create a mind shift when originators are selling operational services to their customers.  We must price those and we must have a mechanism for granting the appropriate income to Operations. Deal is in the works through power origination team - they priced our services to customer without our involvement- pricing may not even be sufficient to cover our costs.  We are researching.  To do's here are to create an internal marketing document to review with lead originators and to change DASH process so that Operations has a sign-off.  I met with Louise today on this.  I will plan meetings with origination teams during the week of March 19.  Would love to get your input on our presentation to the orig teams.  I will get you a draft for your comments.  Operational Risk:  Key focus this week has been on rebuilding a risk team in Portland.  Have worked with Stacey White (my power risk director) and Tim Belden to make sure we have a short term and long term plan that will work. I am comfortable that we have devised a good plan.  (We lost the manager of that group last week - a planned move to London to follow her husband to an Enron job there.  Our unexpected change this week was the resignation Monday of another risk book administrator from Portland.)  Operational Risk:  Another key area that we are focusing on is the HPL sale. End of day today we will know which employees are going to AEP.  We are working on a smooth transition plan and how we will handle trailing issues with customers after the sale effective date.  We expect to eliminate 46 positions with the sale.  This number was much larger earlier in the year (around 70), but have had a lot of attrition with the news of the sale.  Bob Hall is focused on the details around this issue.  Operational Risk:  We completed a Doorstep Review on the Monterrey office last week.  (This is the review of operational controls and procedures.) Went well - Max was skeptical about the process at first, but pleased in the end.  I will forward and e:mail to you from Max proclaiming his support of these reviews.  We overhauled this week the Doorstep Review schedule for the remainder of the year and reviewed that today with Rick Causey.  He likes the revisions that we have made.  Beth Apollo on my team is leading this effort.  Spring Break Plans:  My children are on Spring Break the week of March 12 and the nanny has the week off.  We will be out of town through Wednesday, March 13 with the whole family looking at colleges for Meagan.  Patti has contact numbers for me if needed.  I may decide to come back into the office on Thursday and Friday.  I will let Patti know when we get back in town.  I will either see you the end of next week, or back on Monday, March 19.  See separate e:mail for contact names and numbers in Operations while I am out. 
 Meant to copy you on this note.  I will either see you on Thursday next week, or on Monday the 19th.  --Sally 
 I certainly agree that updated information from the wider company database should flow to update GCP.  I assume that you have talked with both Mary Solmonson and James Scribner about this process to understand the details. They are the logical experts for that discussion.  Your memo is a little vague on that, so if you are getting information from someone else and have not taken the time to talk with the best sources, I would suggest spending time with James and Mary so that you and they are appropriately informed.  Absolutely there are procedures in place to handle these updates to GCP.  I believe that these are pretty manual, as there are no systematic feeds from Entelligence into GCP.  James and Mary (I refer to both because James has only recently assumed Mary's duties within Global Databases) can best discuss how this process works.  If you are aware of specific concerns around this, I know that James and Mary will want to hear that from you.  As is to be expected for any business that has experienced a 600% increase in the number of transactions year on year, there are challenges that we face daily in all of the tasks that we do.  Your input will help James in making sure that priorities are set and personnel are deployed to tackle the biggest issues that we have.  I recognize the challenge that Credit must be facing in aggregating exposures in our market environment today.  With your input, we will do our very best to be certain that the data surrounding the 5.000+ deals that are done daily is as accurate as possible. 
 Thanks for the note.  I will definitely look for you in San Antonio.  I would love to hear about your new role.  We miss seeing you in ENA.  (I guess that is now Enron Americas!)  --Sally 
 I will be on vacation the week of March while my children are on Spring Break.  We will be out of town Monday through Wednesday, looking at colleges with Meagan.  We should return to Houston on Wednesday night.  I have planned to be out of the office for the balance of the week, but may decide to return to work on Thursday and Friday.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), will have contact numbers for me while I am out of town in case something urgent arises.  I will also let her know during the week whether or not I will be back at work on Thursday and Friday.  In my absence, the following persons are key contacts:  Commercialization of Services:  James Scribner   x39641 Beth Apollo   x35014  Enron Americas Operations:   Gas:  Bob Hall   x36956 Jeff Gossett   x37306  Power:  Stacey White  x31870  Enron Global Markets Operations:  Brent Price    x37647  Enron Industrial Markets Operations: Brenda Herod   x35778  Enron Europe Operations:   Mike Jordan   7830-34703  Global Services:     Beth Apollo   x35014 
 I will be out of the office on vacation the week of March 12.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), will have contact numbers for me if you need to reach me while I am out on vacation.  Below are the key Operations Contacts for Enron Americas for the week of March 12:   Gas Operations    Jeff Gossett   x37306 Bob Hall   x36956  Power Operations   Stacey White   x31870  DPR      Shona Wilson  x39123 Chris Abel   x33102  MPR      Shona Wilson  x39123 
 Buried somewhere in these e:mail messages is a resume.  Please print for me and put it in a resume folder (along with some others that I have in my outbox).  I will need to review them when I am back.  Thanks. 
 FYI - Beth Apollo led the doorstep review in Monterrey last week.  No problems discovered - but Beth did find some communications and system access issues that could be improved to make it easier for Max's team to do their jobs.  She has quickly identified a point person within Operations in Houston who is bi-lingual (Gordon).  Max's note addresses his pleasure over Beth's responsiveness and the doorstep process in general.  Just wanted to pass this along.  --Sally 
 Thought you might like to see this note from Max on the doorstep review in Monterrey.  Beth is a great addition and has made a very positive impact already.  --Sally 
 I think that this sounds like a good plan.  Since Michelle, Clay and Nadege are still pending on their fulltime offers, this should help us in the cultivation effort.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 I was promoted effective February 1, 2001 to Managing Director of Global Risk Management Operations for Enron Corp. in Houston.  In this role I manage all mid and back office services for all commodities markets within Enron's wholesale businesses: Enron Americas, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets and Enron Europe.  I received my BBA from UT-Austin in 1975 and my MBA in 1977.  My maiden name while attending school was Sally White. 
 Wes' memo finally went out to Sherriff.  DPR won't change at this point in time.  --Sally 
 Cindy had to change lunch to March 30, which conflicts with Bob Shults. I moved Cindy to March 30th- can you try to move my lunch with Bob to March 28th?  Thanks.  (FYI, CIndy's last names has only "O's" in it - Olson and Bob's last name has only "S's" - no "Z".) 
 Yes, I can make March 30th work.  I will put that on my calendar.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your comments on the standards.  Our approach in creating a global exception reporting mechanism is to start simply and build from there.  Our initial cut is to have effective exception reporting on a handful of critical standards by the end of this year.  That will be a first, to on a daily basis have a view into the exceptions outside the global  standards.  Many of the measurements that you mention are great management tools for accessing the level of excellence of the services that we are delivering and the competence of those that are managing these services.  Some of these may be more appropriately contained in a monthly operations report that I have instituted within ENA and which we are working to proliferate across all of the wholesale merchant services companies.  Give me a call and we can set a time to get together for a few minutes and I can review this operating report with you.  We spent some time at our offsite in late October with all operations controllers reviewing and discussing these standards.  Shona has taken a stab at the format of these exception reports.  It is likely that we will have a rep from each of the operating companies participate in the final design of these reports, so that all feel as if they own the intended output from these reports.  Yes, we are gleaning this information from those that are responsible for these activities.  My purpose is not to use this info to punish or prosecute, but instead to use this exception report as a tool to garner resources as needed to clear the exceptions.  It is invariably the deals that are exceptions in some way that create the problems.  For instance, small power deals that were done in Calgary before they had a power book set up.  These were "on the side" and not captured in total power exposure because they didn't have a book to put them in (a discovery during the doorstep review). If this goes on the exception report, then we can highjack someone in risk in Houston to help Calgary set up a new book, or get IT resources focused quickly on any solution that may require their input to fix.  By having a prescribed elevation of these exceptions, we should get the appropriate attention to correct them.  The spur for making sure that all exceptions are appropriately noted, will be that if there is a problem with any deal that was an exception (not in the books, no confirm, etc.) and was not included on the exception report, that this will be grounds for termination for the appropriate operations controller.  I will make sure that as we start this reporting process that this is well understood.  The other impetus will be that during doorstep reviews the operational activities will be gauged against these standards.  The AA internal audits should also access adherence to these. 
 Great follow through!  Thanks for managing the doorstep process in Mexico so that Max and his team saw that as a plus for them.  Perfect approach and outcome.  --Sally 
 I will be out on vacation next week while my kids are on spring break.  I will make the next meeting.  --Sally 
 I took the Executive Influence and Impact program in May 1999 and also took the follow up Communications program in 2000.  Is this another program that you are contacting me about, or would Enron like for us to repeat the program?  Hopefully HR records indicate that I completed the two programs in 1999 and 2000.  Just let me know if I need to sign up for anything.  --Sally 
 Thanks for sending me your thoughts from the meeting you attended.  These are interesting, and definitely can relate to some of the things that we discussed in Dallas.  Please continue to send me any thoughts you have on the subject.  I will organize a recap of the recent work we have done in trying to "size" the market for our services and get that out to all attendees within the next week or so.  --Sally 
 Still checking kids schedules at home for the 19th.  I will let you know tomorrow.  --Sally 
 I suspect that you meant to include Bob Hall, the VP that reports to me, on this mailing list.  His assistant (Heather Choate) is included in your mailing list.  The "Robert L Hall at ET&S" to whom this is addressed is not Bob Hall in Networks who reports to me.  You should address this to "Bob Hall" - if you do this the e:mail address should pop us as Bob M Hall/NA/Enron.   Thanks.  --Sally 
 Unfortunately, these new dates don't work for me.  My children's spring break is next week, March 12-16,  I will be out of the office that week on vacation, taking my own daughter to look at colleges!  --Sally 
 Please get with Tina and work out how we will handle expense reimbursements for Greg's approval.  If Tina and Greg are not yet using the online format, then simply sending him original receipts probably won't do anything for him.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your message.  I thought that John did have responsibility for risk, and I am glad to have that clarified.   Kristin worked for me for several years as the risk lead for ENA power and joined Barry at EBS last August, so I knew that you all had a great resource there!  I will look forward to a follow-up conversation to explore where we may have potential solutions for EBS that can be borrowed or modified from EWS.  Just give me a call when you are ready to get back together.  --Sally 
 Please print the attachment for me in color.  Thanks. --Sally 
 You have the right Sally Beck.  I grew up around the corner from your dad and used to eat Thursday fried chicken lunches at Tattie's house (now your house) with Jim and the whole family.  Plus your mom and I used to spend the night at each other's houses when we were in elementary school.  I had heard through my sister Cara (who interviewed your grandad for a USTA publication) that you were heading to Enron upon graduation.  I would love to visit with you about your experience so far at Enron.  Call my assistant, Patti Thompson, at x39106 and let's set up a time to get together.  Monday or Tuesday next week would be good.  I look forward to seeing you.  By the way, our oldest daugher, age 16, is Meagan Worthing Beck.   --Sally 
 Count me in - I have really enjoyed doing this during the past two years.   I will review the 16 applications and will rank order the top eight for you by the end of this week.  For your planning purposes, I will be available to interview at UT during the week of March 26.  Best days for me are Tuesday, March 27 and Thursday, March 29.  I can make other days work as well.  For the luncheon during the week of April 16, I am available on April 16, 17, 18 or 19th.  Hope this helps.  If you do not have enough response from your list below, let me know and I will help put together a team to interview potential scholarship recepients on campus.  --Sally 
 I was out of the office Friday and Monday - just back today.  I am having to rearrange some things that Mary was focused on.  I will get back with you later today and let you know who the best contact person will be.  --Sally 
 Please keep this number handy just in case.  Thanks. 
 Was this memo just to inform me of this meeting, or did you cc me to invite me to the meeting?  I am not available on March 9th from 12:00 to 1:00.  Does this meeting pertain only to IT personnel?  If so, I will ignore this.  If you did want someone from my group to attend, let me know and I will ask an appropriate person to attend.  --Sally     Khymberly Booth @ ENRON 03/02/2001 02:50 PM 
 Any feedback or interest?  Please let me know.  --Sally 
 We got back from Dallas yesterday about 5:00 and it was a fun and very fruitful trip for the team. Schools are categorized by size - small, medium, large and super.  Klein is super-sized.  The Bearkadettes won first place and the grand champion trophy in the super category.  Best in Category awards are given for each category of team dance entered, regardless of school size.  Klein won best in category for all four team dances entered - kick, pom, military and jazz - a clean sweep.  Klein also had the first place winner in the solo category and first place in the duet category.  Also won first place in officer dances for super sized schools.  They also won two special judges awards - not given out every time, but only when the judges want to especially recognize achievements. They got a special judges award for Creativity and Originality (commentary on both our fabulous costumes made by a group of Bearkadette moms and the choreography) and a special judges award for Perfect Score (a score of 100 awarded by all 3 judges for a particular routine - apparently very rare). The Perfect Score award was for their pom routine, where they are dressed like penguins (one of the ones that Meagan was in).  The girls were pretty excited and the moms were cheering a lot, too.  They all work so hard and spend so many hours practicing that it is nice to see that pay off!!  I am ordering the video from competition, so we can show you the routines sometime.  I had a lot of fun.  The girls are cute and I enjoyed getting to know some of the moms who were chaperoning as well.  But it was nice to get back to Houston yesterday. 
 Thanks for the update.  Good to know that the current due date still looks likely - always give or take a week or so!  I have just returned from drill team contest in Dallas - lots of fun and the Bearkadettes did great!  First place in their division (super sized schools), best in category for all four team dances, first place solo, first place duet, first place officers dance, and two special judges awards - one for a perfect score of 100 from all three judges on one team routine (which Meagan was in) and one for creativity and presentation.  Keep me posted on baby news!! --Sally 
 Since Sally is out of the office today, March 5 and will be out next Monday, March 12, the OpRisk Forum Luncheon has been cancelled for both dates. Please adjust your calendars accordingly.  The 10:00 AM staff meeting, however, will be held as usual.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Approved for Patti Thompson. Sally Beck  XMS (Expense Management System)  For New Users Session Dates & Times: 03/02/2001  1:00:00 PM-4:00:00 PM Location: EB3321 No Show/Participant Fee: $ 135.00 
 An update on two of the items that we discussed before you went out of town:  Due Diligence Teams for Acquisitions Identified  I have worked with my operations controllers in EWS and have identified a short list of individuals that we could use in the due diligence efforts on potential acquisitions.  We have identified our target teams for due diligence efforts around commodities.  While each person on the list has other duties currently, all have back ups that would allow them to be devoted to projects as they arise.  I will review this list continually and update it as I identify other qualified operations personnel who could do an excellent job as part of a due diligence team.  I mentioned that Kristin Albrecht had created a due diligence check list while she was in London on the MG acquisition.  We will hold a session in the next 10 days to review this checklist so that all are prepared.  Let me know if you are interested in the names on my list.  Also let me know if there is a pending due diligence effort.  Dedicated Support Named for Transportation Business  I met with Dan Reck and Chris Kravas week before last and have reviewed the executive summary from the consulting team.  I followed up with Brent Price (my operations controller for EGM) to review his plan for creating an appropriate infrastructure to support that business.  Currently, Todd Hall and Mike Perun on Brent's team are assessing what needs to be done.  Todd has other responsibilities and Dan Reck was concerned about the amount of time that Todd would have.  Brent has since recruited Shelley Stubbs to play the lead role over operations integration for Webmodal.  She will be returning to Houston from the London office by the end of March.  She will be able to split her time starting next week to focus on Webmodal.  Todd will stay involved until Shelley is devoted fulltime at the end of March.  We will also keep Mike Perun on the assignment working for Shelley.  Shelley is expected to be in Houston next week, and I will sit in on meetings with her next week regarding our plans.  I will keep you posted. 
 Tried you this morning from the car and missed you.  Do you want to talk Thursday morning during my commute?  I will be out of the office Friday, March 2 and Monday, March 5.  I will be a chaperone for my daughter's high school drill team to state competition in Dallas - really a Texas experience!  A great time to support her and be around her friends.   And nicely enough, she asked me to be a chaperone.  With 81 girls on the team, it will be loud, but fun.  --Sally 
 Shona and Mike Jordan had talked last week about pushing back the Doorstep review on the metals business in London and had agreed to take that out of the plan for Q1.  As of last week, we have redirected Shona's reporting line to Beth Apollo.  I have asked Beth to review the doorstep review plan for all of 2001 and to recommend any changes in timing and approach.  Beth is in fact in Monterrey, Mexico today and tomorrow, completing a review of that office.  Soon after she returns, she will review and update the suggested doorstep review schedule.  After that has been updated, she will review the revised schedule with Rick Causey for any additional input and concurrence on the selection of key offices/businesses to review and the timing of such.  With Beth's knowledge of the businesses in London, I am sure we will benefit from her eye towards effective scheduling of the reviews. 
 I will be out of the office on vacation on Friday, March 2 and Monday, March 5.  I will check messages at the end of both business days.  My assistant, Patti Thompson ( x35926) will have contact numbers for me.  Since I will be a chaperone for my daughter and 80 other girls from the high school drill team at state competition in Dallas, it is unlikely that I will be easily reachable during the day.  I will be back in the office on Tuesday, March 6. 
 I made the decision last week to disband the Strategic Initiatives team which reported to Mary Solmonson within my organization.  The group was led by a director, and consisted of 2 managers, 1 senior specialist and 4 specialists.  The employees were made aware of this decision last Friday afternoon.  My HR rep was on hand to explain the help that all will receive in finding new assignments within Enron through the Enron Corp. Re-deployment Team.  Mary Solmonson continues as one of my direct reports, focused on CommodityLogic and our business development efforts regarding the commercialization of mid and back office services.  As part of my on-going effort to deliver both the best value and quality of service within Energy Operations, I reviewed core versus non-core activities within my team.  I am committed to investing appropriately in people resources to support core activities.  And I believe that we can become even more effective if investments in non-core activities are eliminated.    The role played by the Strategic Intiatives team in coordinating systems projects will be more appropriately shouldered by the IT project leads and the respective business sponsors/end users.  The "middle-man" role played by the Strategic Initiatives team had ceased to deliver appropriate value.  I wanted you to be aware of my decision in case you hear anything about the re-deployment effort. 
 Certainly if we are able to generate revenue, that will be a great offset to our expenses.  At this point, we are working on a best, worst and most likely case for a revenue model, plus getting some teeth behind our up front costs. With this info, we can size the potential and then decide how to proceed.  My first note to you around disbanding Joel's group was the best overall summary of reasons to disband the team.  In addition, Joel and his team had recently spent a couple of hours updating my direct report team on the projects in which they were involved.  The update had the exact opposite effect that Joel wanted, I am sure.  After the two hour session, it appeared to me that the team was probably overstaffed and still adding to its girth, fulfilling IT's roles in some cases, not communicating with the rest of my direct report team (if your role is be a liaison, then communication is a necessary component of the role), struggling to create a role for themselves, etc.  If my reaction had been to say "what a talented group - we have to figure out how to best utilize them", then the outcome might have been different.  But I also had concerns over quality of staff as well.  That two hour exposure created so much concern on my part that we were incurring costs for the team without commensurate value, that I couldn't in good conscious make any other decision after further investigation.  --Sally 
 I have a stretch goal for the operations budget under Enron Americas to reduce costs by the end of the year.  To this end, I have recently studied possible options for reaching the targeted savings.  To make the best decision on this, I have reviewed functions within my team on the basis of core versus non-core functions, and the inherent cost versus value proposition.  As a result, I made the decision last week to disband Joel Henenberg's team. To fulfill the role of Joel and his team in leading IT initiatives, we will lean on the appropriate IT project managers and the business sponsors/end users.  Joel and his team were told of this decision on Friday afternoon last week. Our HR rep spent some time with the team explaining the corporate re-deployment service that they all will be working through over the next few weeks. Let me know if you have any questions regarding this.  While it was a tough decision, I feel comfortable having made it. 
 As part of the modelling process, Marc is going to meet with James Scribner on Tuesday morning at 9:00 am to review our operations pricing model.  If you can join them, you might find it interesting.  They plan to meet in James' office - EB3756.  --Sally 
 Saturday was fun - it was nice I think for all of us to go to the shower together.  That was a nice group of women - and fun.  Cara did tell me about the scrapbook idea and I think that it sounds good. Tell me what I can do to help you, but I am probably shorter on time than anything.  But if I can get you get addresses or whatever, let me know.  Payment plan sounds fine.  I am not worried about the timing on that, so don't start this until you feel that it makes sense for you and your family. With the Viviance thing, you may prefer to defer the start of this until a little more certainty is on the horizon.  I can't think of a better place for the money to be invested than in you and your family.  Austin would be fun - but I am glad that Houston is a reasonable distance for a day or weekend trip.  Not quite the same as being in town, though.  Maybe someday we will be there!  --Sally 
 As a result of the reorg announcement a couple of weeks ago, this report should now go to Philippe Bibi (or his assistant, Peggy McCurley).  Louise is now in the office of the chair of Enron Americas.  Philippe has assumed the role as chairman of Enron Net Works.  Since this report is a Net Works report, please remove Louise from the distribution list and add Philippe and Peggy effective immediately.  Also, I would like to review and perhaps edit the principal projects/deals section each week before distribution.  What would be the most efficient way to get this done and into your hands in a timely way?  --Sally 
 LaRence,  Please note interview schedule below.  Please call me if you have any=20 questions.  Thanks, Patti x39106   TIME=09INTERVIEWER=09LOCATION=09EXTENSION  1:30 =01) 2:00 PM James Scribner,  Sr. Director EB 3268 x39641 Enron Net Works Global Database Mgmt, Operational Pricing Model  2:00 =01) 2:30 PM Jeff Gossett, Director EB 3268 x37306 Enron Net Works Risk Management  2:30 =01) 3:00 PM Beth Apollo, VP EB 3747 x35014 Enron Net Works Global Risk Operations Mgmt  3:00 =01) 3:30 PM Brenda Herod, Sr. Director EB 3748 x35778 Enron Industrial Markets Operations Controller =01) Pulp, Paper, =20 Lumber & Steel  3:30 =01) 4:00 PM Brent Price, VP EB 3015 x37647 Enron Global Markets Operations Controller & CAO 
 Thanks, Patti 
 Marc,  Unfortunately, today is not going to work for the revenue model for mid & back office services meeting.  How about this coming Monday, Feb 26 from 1:00 - 2:30 pm?  I have penciled in that time for Sally, Mary Solmonson & James Scribner.  Please let me know if that will work for you.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 Laurel,  FYI, Sally will only be available on Monday and 1/2 day of Thursday (AM). She has business travel Tuesday & Wednesday, and vacation 1/2 Thursday and Friday.  Patti 
 Thanks for your note. 
 Thanks for your nice note.  The promotion did get the year off to a nice start.  I am glad that you were pleased with the year end PRC process.  While time-consuming, I have appreciated the opportunity to get to know Associates like you whom I would perhaps otherwise not know.  Keep me posted on what you are doing.  --Sally 
 Thanks for much for your nice note.  Where are you working now?  I hate to say that I have lost track.  --Sally 
 This is the replacement meeting for the Hot List meeting.  I have asked that you be included on the list of attendees.  --Sally 
 Brenda Herod is in charge of Energy Operations for EIM and should be included in the invitation list.  Brent Price fulfills two roles for EGM - CAO and head of operations, so he is appropriately included covering both fronts. Also, I had added Bob Hall to the previous Hot List meeting.  He is a VP in Energy Operations for Enron Americas.  I would like for him to be on the list for this meeting as well.  He and I will cover for each other on this Wholesale Deal Meeting.  You may get both of us in attendance on occassion, but usually it will be one or the other of us to cover operations for EA. Thanks. --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Looks like a permanent cancellation to me - at least for now!  We can work with Wes on the best ways to stay abreast of developing deals that impact Enron Americas. 
 Thanks, Marc.  I would like to get together with you, Mary  Solmonson and James Scribner to begin work on the model for scoping high, low and expected cases around the commercialization opportunities for mid and back office services.  Mary has just returned today from a week's vacation.  I will work on schedules and call you later this afternoon to see if we can have a kick-off meeting.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your note.  It has been a nice way to start the year!  --Sally 
 I have only taken a quick look at the attachment, but thought that I would forward it to you.  Does it make sense?  $8MM in equipment charges for us???????  Does that include depreciation (which is not equipment)?  Can you give me the detail again on everything that falls under the "Consultant" line?  What is it and which RC's and RC owners have items there.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Thanks for your note.  I am glad that you and Kristin are getting together. --Sally 
 E:mail messages says to check website to determine whether or not DSL is available at my home.  However, I don't see a spot on the website to check that information.  Can you provide more details? 
 Just remember that the DPR is used as an accounting tool as well. despite my constant reminders that it is a tool for reporting daily trading results and positions against board approved limits.  So do approach this as fact-finding; and then I would suggest reviewing any recommendations that you may have with Wes Colwell and the RAC group before any changes are made.  Looks like a good group.  I hope that all will attend and participate.  Did Pam do some due diligence for you before sending this e:mail so that you know this date and time works for everyone?  Keep me posted on progress.  --Sally 
 I need your help with a quick survey of how many interns you'd like to have this year.  Sally needs to forward this number to Rick Causey by noon tomorrow.  Please send me your rough count by 11:30 AM (Wednesday).  Thanks for your help, Patti x39106 
 Depending on others' schedules, Feb. 23 is good for me.  I will be out of the office on March 2.  --Sally 
 I am looking forward to involvement with the NABA and the prospect of hiring some strong candidates.  If you want me for the photo shoot, February 23 looks good.  I will be out of the office on March 2nd - two days of vacation on March 2 and 5 to chaperone Meagan's drill team to state competition in Dallas.  With 90 girls on the team, that should be fun but exhausting!  It was great to see you and Grady last night at the rodeo.  Let's definitely plan on a ball game in April as a chance to catch up.  I just checked the calendar, and it looks like we are on for lunch on March 28!!  A few weeks away, but at least it is on the calendar!  If your schedule were to free up suddenly, just give me a call and I can see if I could change mine to have lunch sooner.  --Sally 
 Please change location of this meeting for this week only.  I would also change the notation for this recurring meeting to ENW Staff Meeting with Philippe with Peggy McCurley as the contact.  Thanks. 
 You and Frank can best decide how to organize this.  I am comfortable with your decisions, so feel free to go ahead with this.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Don't I know...they are smart and loving, but a little short on the details sometimes, aren't they!  --Sally 
 Save the date note would be great if you can do that.  --Sally 
 TJ,  Sorry, please disregard last email - I did not see this follow-up notice. Unfortunately, Sally is not available on Thursday either - she will be at the Enron Management conference in San Antonio Thursday & Friday.  All Enron VP's are invited (Cassandra & Kevin?).  Please call & I can give you Sally's available time if she needs to attend.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I think that this looks pretty good, and don't know if we could better the cost too much by looking around.  Cara, would you like for me to hold the reservation on my credit card?  Don't know how much baby stuff may be hitting yours, so I would be glad to do so.  I am real comfortable with sharing the costs of this dinner, but don't necessarily feel that we have to split it in thirds.  This is a good year for me to cover a large portion of the cost - when we did the 40th anniversary party, David and I  were not in such good shape and I think that Cindy and Richard covered a lot of the costs.  Things ebb and flow - 2000 was a good year at Enron and this would be a good time for me to put some of my reward to good use.  --Sally 
 Thanks for lining this up.  I am glad that they were available on the 2nd. --Sally 
 Please process this request ASAP.  Thanks, Sally Beck 
 Please print attachment for me.  Thanks. 
 I will be at a meeting in Dallas next Monday and will be unable to attend. --Sally 
 Thanks for your vote of confidence.  I don't think that it is out of the realm of possibility.  As we know with all Enron reorg's, what we can count on is that this will change!  We'll miss Delainey in Enron Americas, but as a shareholder I am glad that he will be at EES.  Have already had some discussions with him about some involvement there.  I will keep you posted.  --Sally 
 Wouldn't it be the four of us?  - You, me, Cara and baby to be named?  Good idea.  I'll call you this weekend.  Sorry didn't reply earlier - was in Calgary. --Sally 
 Doorstep reviews are by design a quick look at commercial activities and the mid and back office support for those activities in our wholesale businesses.   (EBS and EES will be included in 2001.)  The controls around mid and back office activities are best understood by conducting a deal test - i.e. following the process and documentation around a series of transactions from the inception of a deal through the collection of cash. Asking someone to explain their processes and controls is more the act of explaining what we think happens.  Doing a deal test tells us what does happen.  And it is when there are differences between the controls that we believe to be in place and what actually happens, that we identify where operational, and perhaps financial, risk is created.  These reviews are not designed to replace the internal audit work for which Enron has contracted with Arthur Andersen.  As such, they are purposely designed to be conducted in a shorter timeframe than AA's reviews and to produce less paperwork.  It is both the quick assessment of control gaps and potential operational risk, and the quick solutions to correct these, that are valuable in these reviews.  These reviews also look  for ways to leverage success stories from one office to another in terms of best in class practices or practical solutions to shared problems.  Briefly, the doorstep review process would follow this set of steps:  1)  Cross-functional doorstep review team arrives at subject office.  This is usually unannounced, but key personnel in the subject office may be notified of the review a few days prior to the team's arrival to be certain that key individuals in that office will be not be out of town.  2)  Doorstep team lead will meet with the head of the subject office to tell them about the parameters of the review and to ask their co-operation in making information and personnel available to complete the review.  3)  The review is conducted, including information sessions with key commercial personnel to understand the business conducted in the office and key control/operations personnel to understand the business processes.  The deal test is conducted on a relevant sample of deals to verify the process and controls that were followed in the life of the transactions.  4)  The doorstep team usually has a rough draft of key points by the end of the review, which includes both controls that are working well and those which may not be working as designed.  Potential action items are suggested. This information is reviewed with the head of the office, as they are usually very interested in knowing what can be done to improve controls to support their business.   There are times when the head of an office will suggest an additional point to be added to the list of action items, knowing that with this focus he/she can get help in accomplishing certain efforts to support the growth of their business.  The doorstep team lets the head of the office know to whom this information will be communicated and the timing for doing so.  5)  Starting late in 2000, the findings from doorstep reviews would next be reviewed with Ted Murphy and me.  Ted's viewpoint would be from Risk Controls and mine from the mid and back office operations point of view.  Ted and I, assisted by Cassandra Schultz and Shona Wilson, would work with appropriate personnel in the subject offices to understand who would assume responsibility for addressing action items noted from the doorstep review and to determine the appropriate time period for completing these action items. Then on a quarterly basis, Ted and I would meet with Rick Buy and Rick Causey to give them a recap of doorstep reviews completed during that quarter, doorstep findings that had been handled, updates on any outstanding doorstep findings and plans for the next quarter.  Through most of 2000, the doorstep teams met with Rick and Rick within a few days of returning from each doorstep review.  This immediate feedback step was passed to Ted and me sometime late in 2000.  We did agree that we would meet with Rick and Rick before the quarterly review if certain doorstep findings were of particular concern or if we felt that they needed to be informed on an issue in a more timely manner than quarterly.  Steps 1 through 4 were followed in the review of the scrap metals business in Germany.  Shona did conduct a debriefing session with the managing directors in charge of the scrap metal business.  Her impression was that they were not concerned over the length of time that it was taking to implement the integration plan nor over the somewhat irregular payment methods that were discovered during the deal test that are not in keeping with Enron's practices.  Shona also debriefed with Mike Jordan, and I believe that Fernley was involved in that session as well.  At my suggestion, she also contacted Joe Gold to inform him of her findings.  I do not know what the timing was for Joe to get back to Shona, relative to Rick Buy's e:mail message.  Michael, I understand that you may have felt blind-sided by the e:mail from Rick Buy on his concerns over the scrap metal business.  And if that was the case, I apologize for that.  While Shona did debrief with Mike and Fernley, I know that she did not review the teams findings directly with you.  If you would like to be included in a direct debriefing with the doorstep team when they review businesses that are managed by EEL, we can certainly add that as a clear step from this point going forward.   The out of the ordinary step in this doorstep review was Shona's call to Rick Buy and Rick Causey to alert them to the doorstep team's concerns over irregular payment methods and the level of interest in controls that she perceived from the commercial managing directors.   I attribute that to a miscommunication between Shona and myself.   Although we had changed the process at year end so that the download after doorstep was to be with Ted and me, as Shona and I voice mailed back and forth she thought that I had asked that she initiate a meeting with Rick and Rick.   This meeting should have been with Ted and me. In leaving a voice mail for the two Rick's about setting up a meeting, Shona mentioned some concerns.  Rick Buy is the one that called her back and asked for more detail.  She definitely covered both the teams findings and the integration plan that was underway with Rick Buy.  We don't, however, control which points Rick chooses to focus on or those to which he chooses to react.  To reiterate, the findings from these doorstep reviews are shared with the heads of the subject offices at the close of the reviews.  The effort here is to help identify control issues that could create risk to a business and to offer solutions and resources that may be available from across the entire Enron organization.  The key is quick discovery and quick resolution.   The findings create a dialogue between the business units, RAC and Operations, which I believe is healthy.  We purposefully have chosen not to "over-wordsmith" the findings or to delay discussing concerns that can be surfaced through these reviews.  Frankly, I believe that these reviews can reveal things that are sometimes missed in AA's reviews from a practical perspective and afford us the opportunity to mitigate operational risk.  I would be glad to discuss any details of the doorstep review process with you.  We certainly want you to be informed and to view this process as valuable input for you in managing EEL's business.  Mike Jordan and certain members of his team will be involved with doorstep reviews for other businesses outside EEL later in the year.  We are certainly open to any suggestions you may have on getting the most out of this process. 
 I will be working in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 and 8.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106) has numbers where I can be reached.  I will be back in the Houston office on Friday, February 9.  Key contacts in Houston over the next two days are:  DPR   Chris Abel    x33102  MPR   David Maxwell   x36983  Gas Operations Bob Hall    x36956 Jeff Gossett    x37306  Power  Leslie Reeves   x37962 Operations  Stacey White    x31870 
 Please change this on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 I know that there was a pretty serious set of audit findings from the TX RRCommission earlier this year.  I suspect this is a result of that.  Brenda Herod was involved in the download meeting with the rep from the TRRC.  If she hasn't already told  you about that meeting, you may to visit with her on that.  --Sally 
 Entelligence is being used in Houston, so they must have done training here.  Patti is setting up my meeting with James for Friday.  I just left her a message and asked her to let you know the time that is scheduled for - plus I will leave you a message after I have talked with him.  I hope to have that meeting with James at 10:30.  Interruptions have been rampant - and I am still not finished with reviews. Shona will actually be in Calgary at the same time that I will be, so we will do her review on the plane, in the airport or at the hotel - and I will tell her about the reorg.  Again, I will leave you a message to let you know that we have had that conversation.  That's great to have dinner with Lou.  I think that it would be good to find out from him what sort of interaction he has with the London office, what's working, what's not working - in an informal way.  Are they on an Enron network?  Do they get Enron e:mails?  How often does Lou go to London or someone from London mid office come to New York?  I still suspect that New York is somewhat neglected just because of the distance between London and New York and the fact that there seems to be plenty for Mike and his team to chew on in London.  Particularly now with a renewed focus on the scrap metal business.  Enrjoy the OpRisk Conference.  They tend to be heavily attended by bankers and there focus is that direction as well, but there is a lot that we can glean from what they are doing.  It snowed there a lot yesterday.  Of course, according to Peggy Hedstrom, it is 0 degrees (daytime temp reading) and snowy in Calgary.  I look forward to seeing you in Dallas.  --Sally 
 Kathryn Corbally (Senior Director currently in Investor Relations) is moving to Connecticut soon to join her husband.  He has been working up there for the last six or eight months - he was one of the group that defected from our weather derivatives team about a year ago.  She hopes to continue to work for Enron - has been talking with Investor Relations and some other groups that I can't remember - and to do so either out of her home or in Enron's New York office.  It struck me that depending upon needs at MG's New York office, that Kathryn could be someone for you to consider.   She came originally from the London office - you may or may not find anyone still there that could give you some feedback on her.  In London, she ran mid and back office - that was in very early days for EEL, so most of the job was probably accounting.  She came to Houston and  has done a number of different things.  I think that she is well organized and control minded.  Understands Enron's business.  Managing a group of people is probably not her strongest attribute.  I am not sure that people enjoy working under her.  That could be old news, however.  There are a number of people here in Houston that could probably give you a read on her based on very recent experience.  Do you know of her?  Just thought that I would mention her as a potential resource in New York. Don't know what your short and longer term needs are there.  She would definitely represent an Enron point of view.  They have two small daughters - she might be interested in something part time even.  Could mean lower cost that way.  This idea may not have any merit or you may not have a need around metals. If you do want to consider this, I will be glad to help identify who you could go to for some fact finding around her.  Let me know.  --Sally 
 Itinerary for Sally Beck Calgary, Alberta, Canada February 7, 2001   Wed, Feb 7 Continental Flt. CO 1563 (Seat 14C) =20 9:20 am Depart Houston-IAH 12:43 pm Arrive Calgary International  Time Difference in Calgary (-1 hour from Houston)  2:00 PM Video Conference to Dave Delainey staff mtg Call Nella Cappelletto x6971 to confirm room=20 =20 3:00 PM Operational Risk Meeting w/Peggy Hedstrom Millinium Tower, 2nd Floor Boardroom (behind Second Cup Coffee Shop) =20 Hotel: Sheraton Suites YYC Eau Claire 255 Barclay Parade SW Calgary, AB  T2P 5C2 Canada=20 Phone:  403-266-7200 Fax:  403-266-1300 Confirmation:  C675106591  Enron Canada Corp. Suite 3500, Canterra Tower 400 =01) 3rd Avenue S.W. Calgary, Alberta T2P 4H2  Contact: Peggy Hedstrom Phone:  403-974-6753  =20 Fax:  403-974-6707 Cell:  403-850-4893 Pager:  403-294-5371 =20 Thurs, Feb 8 Continental Flt. CO 1562 (Seat 14C) =20 1:19 pm Depart Calgary International 6:10 pm Arrive Houston - IAH 
 Yes - let's plan on my house on Sunday.  I have to leave for the airport after the meeting (off to exotic Dallas) and that will just make it that much easier for me if the meeting is at my house.  Sarah would be great if the dads are not available for car care.  Hearing it from a woman's point of view would be interesting!  I agree that it is too close to plan a dad's event for this weekend.  Another thought, continuing the baseball theme from last year, is to get tickets to an Astro's game.  I have season tickets through Enron and can buy blocks of tickets for games.  I have the schedule at home and I will check tonight to see if there is perhaps a pre-season game in March that would work.  We could discuss that and other suggestions at the meeting on Sunday.  I will also bring info on other symphony dates - in case we have a large number of girls who will take the SAT on March 31.  If not too many are tied up, we could go ahead with the open rehearsal at 10:30, and then the girls who take the SAT could join us for lunch if they would like.  Thanks for making the calls.  I am making up this quarter for only a little travelling at the end of the year.  Report from the Calgary office today is that it has snowed at that it is about 0 degrees (that is a daytime tempurature reading!).  I will call you on Thursday night when I am back in town.  I will leave with David the spreadsheet on offices held by the girls in past years in case that is needed while I am out of town.  --Sally 
 FYI - I will meet with James on Friday when he is back from London to go over the change in reporting for him.  I gave his review the end of last week, but didn't get to review the reporting change.  I will ask Patti to let you know when I am meeting with James on Friday.  Wanted you to be in the loop on this - particularly when we are getting in front of commercial guys, I want this to be well done.  The training may be great - I just wanted to make sure that James knew about Avril's trip and that he was aware of the content and delivery on the training.  Looks like he still has some homework to do. --Sally 
 Please print memo and attachment for me to review on the plane tomorrow. Thanks.  --Sally 
 Please put Mike on my calendar for Thursday lunch next week. Steve and Richard are coming as well.  You might tell Mike that we can provide the two of them with desk space as well, but that we will reserve the spot with the computer and phone for Mike.  And schedule some time for me to meet with him on Thursday as well.  I will deal with Louise's meeting in another way.  You might e:mail Mike and let him know that we have a spot for him with computer, network connection and phone on 33.  You might also offer to set up any appointments for him while is here.  Thanks. 
 No memo out yet on the Doorstep process.  I am still in the throws of completing the 13 reviews that I have to give - should be finished by 5:00. I will send the memo on Doorstep process to you, Fernley and Michael Brown before I leave for the day.  I will be in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday with Peggy Hedstrom and her team.  Back in the Houston office on Friday.  Hope that James' visit is going well.  Thanks for getting appointments organized for him.  I look forward to seeing you in Dallas next week.  I am glad that you, Richard and Steve will be able to participate.  Are you still planning to come back to Houston after the meeting in Dallas?  I fly from Dallas to Austin on Tuesday night, so that I can do a full day of interviews at UT for summer interns on Wednesday.  I will be back in the office on Thursday and Friday that week.  Let me know if we can help in setting up any appointments.  We can do lunch on Thursday or Friday, if your schedule allows.  I can also set some time aside to perhaps download from our Dallas meeting and to follow up on some other issues.  I would offer dinner on Thursday night, but that is my birthday and I think (hope) that my family will have dinner plans for me that evening.  Is there someone else in Houston that you would like to have dinner with while you are here?   --Sally 
 Please note time and location for Promotion Luncheon for Managers:  Location: EB 32C2 Time: 11:30 AM Date:  Today, Tuesday, February 6, 2001  We look forward to seeing you there.  If you have any questions, please call me.  Thanks, Patti x39106 
 I will not be able to attend.  -Sally 
 Good memo.  I will be curious to see if you get any comments or response from the commercial guys.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the info.  I am going to have to miss the luncheon tomorrow. Despite what seems to be a definite scheduling challenge, I am trying to do two lunches this week - one with operations personnel promoted to manager (about 15 of those) and one with operations personnel promoted to director or senior director (smaller group).  To make this work while the promotion announcements are still timely, we have had to schedule on Tuesday this week for one of the lunches.  I will get an update from Shona. 
 Thanks for the weather report.  I bought a good coat a couple of months ago with London and Calgary in mind.  Worked well in London two weeks ago, so I will come equipped with coat, gloves, scarf, etc.  I can go either way on dinner for Wednesday night.  If it would be good for you to get home at a reasonable hour, then we can all three have an early supper.  (If I get in bed early my body would probably be in shock, but would adjust!)  Or if we don't want to feel rushed, then a drink with Laura sounds great.  Ask if her pronunciation in Spanish class is improved or impaired by alcohol.  I will let you all decide based on your commitments both inside and outside work - either way will work well for me.    --Sally     Peggy Hedstrom 02/05/2001 04:19 PM 
 Please print Wellesley schedule - I think that I have a conflict with the date that they need me.  Let's discuss. 
 Please print the attachment at end of e:mail in color for me.  Thanks. --Sally 
 Have you seen the training tools that Avril uses for such things?  --Sally 
 I will be in Calgary Wednesday and Thursday this week.  Tuesday is tough, because I am trying to finish giving performance reviews.  I can make time on Tuesday, but would prefer that we hold this to an hour.  --Sally 
 I had the same reaction.  We didn't get much of a break between the January and February meeting!  Was it car care and car safety that we had planned for Feb?  And do we have a volunteer to host the meeting?  I could certainly host if needed.  Did you have a constable or someone in mind to talk with the girls about car safety?  I would be glad to call them and make arrangements if you let me know.  Any ideas on car care?  Seems like Joy Martin mentioned her husband as a possible "expert" there.  Or should we try to call Firestone or Jiffy Lube or one of those spots to get a speaker?  I am headed to Calgary for Wednesday and Thursday this week, but can make plenty of phone calls before I leave.  On nominating committee, I have a list of offices held over the years by the girls that will be needed by the nominating committee.  I would be glad to meet with the girls on the committee either Thursday night (I land from Calgary around 6:00 pm), Friday night or Saturday.  I can get you this list if you need to meet with the committee before then.  It may be tough to get the girls together, but am I correct in assuming that they need to present a slate at our Feb meeting and then they vote in March?  The symphony open rehearsal sounds good - 10:30 am on Saturday, March 31; buy tickets at the door ($4).  Problem is that SAT's are given that day.  Meagan is signed up to take them.  I wonder how many others may be taking the SAT that day?  If there are only a few conflicts, we could go ahead and it's okay if Meagan misses.  If we have a lot of conflicts, then this may not work. Maybe we could get Merritt to e:mail this question to the girls when she contacts them about this weekend's meeting.  They could check their schedules and then we could get a count.  I will also look into other possible dates and get availability and prices on tickets just in case.  I will try to call you after a lunch time meeting today.  --Sally 
 FYI 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Manager.  Brent Price, Bob Hall, Leslie Reeves, Brenda Herod and I would like to invite you to a luncheon in recognition of your promotion on Tuesday, February 6.  We appreciate your contributions to the continuing success of Enron's wholesale services business.  We would like the opportunity to help you celebrate your promotion.  Please RSVP to Patti Thompson (x39106).  Details on time and location will follow.  --Sally 
 Brent Price, Bob Hall, Leslie Reeves and I would like to invite you to lunch on Friday, February 9 in recognition of your promotions to Director and Senior Director.  We appreciate your contributions to the continuing success of Enron's wholesale services business and feel that these promotions are worthy of celebration.  Please RSVP to Patti Thompson (x39106).  Details on time and location will follow.  --Sally 
 I couldn't agree with you more.  Mike missed the point of our phone call this week.  It was not to discuss the fine points of doorstep process or etiquette!  The point was ownership of an integration process and deadlines that were missed.  And how telling that when asked bluntly about his comfort level with controls for US operations that Mike's response was a deferral to Marcelo.  I have a one-hour conference call set up with Mike tomorrow.  This is one of the things that we will discuss.  --Sally 
 I will be in the Calgary office with Peggy Hedstrom and her team next week on Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 and 8.  Do either one of you have a specific issue that needs to be addressed that I could handle while I am in Calgary?  My agenda with Peggy and her team is pretty full, but I can add to that anything that you know of that we need to address.  Just let me know.  That puts me in Calgary for the staff meeting on Wednesday.  I will sit in with Rob Milnthorp on the video conference for the first hour of the meeting.  I already had a meeting scheduled with all of Peggy's team during the second hour of your staff meeting.  Due to location constraints, we will have to keep that meeting as scheduled.  So I will have to step out of the staff meeting for the second hour. 
 Seattle sounds nice.  Haven't made it there myself.  Enjoy the trip.  If you have time, I would love to get with you late next week to discuss my thoughts about next steps for Joel's team.  --Sally  Also, when you are back, I would love to set up a meeting with you and some of my direct reports so that we can get an update on IT priorities.  We are addressing some issues that create operational risk that may require some system enhancements to help us mitigate those risks, and we would like the opportunity to share those with you in the context of priorities for systems work. 
 In my new role as social secretary for James, I wanted to let you know that he will be in London next week on business.  He will arrive on Monday morning (February 5) and should be in the Enron office  most of the day on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.  He will fly back to Houston on Thursday.  He has dinner plans for Wednesday evening, but would love to get together with you for dinner on Monday or Tuesday, if you are in town and available.  He will be staying at the Sheraton Belgravia Hotel - walking distance to Enron House.  Best way to contact him at Enron's London office would be through Mike Jordan or his assistant.  Mike's number (don't know how many of these digits you actually need to call from there) is 011-44-207-783-4703.  Hope you guys get to see each other.  Have a great weekend.  --Sally 
 Julie called me immediately after getting my e:mail message about you.  Her role has changed once again at  Enron!   She is running more of a fundamentals group at present.  Wanted to know if you would be interested in that.  Told her that I couldn't speak for you.  I'd suggest that you contact her and talk with her even if at first blush that may not be your first interest.  Can't hurt to hear about what she is doing and spend some time with her.  You may not then be interested in her rotation, but you'll know more and she will know you.  FYI - she is a University of Nebraska graduate.  --Sally 
 I asked Mike this week if your baby was here, and he said that you had just returned to the office.  Congratulations on the birth of your little girl.  I hope that all three of you are surviving those first few weeks of adjustment and that sleep is not too short a commodity in your house!   I will look forward to seeing pictures of Lauren when I am next in London.  You do know that now that you are a dad that it is a requirement to be armed with adorable pictures at all times?! --Sally 
 Enjoy a well-deserved afternoon off.  I appreciate your notes when you are out on who to contact.  Have a great weekend.  --Sally 
 Just a quick note to see how you are doing.  I mentioned your name today to Kristin Albrecht.  She is a Senior Director over Risk Management for Enron Broadband Services (EBS).  Kristin and I used to work together in Enron Americas, and we had lunch today to catch up.  She grew up in Wharton and is an A&M graduate, so it occurred to me that you two have at least two things in common.  I wanted you to know that I have given Kristin your name.  She can be another contact for you here at Enron.  If you are interested in what is going on at EBS or want to get Kristin's impressions on rotations within or outside EBS, she would be great for you to visit with.  Drop by soon to give me an update on life at Enron for you.  --Sally 
 Along with Mike McConnell, I am active in recruiting for Enron's Analyst Program at the University of Oklahoma.  We became involved in recruiting there two years ago when I learned about a targeted undergraduate program that seemed like it could be a good fit for our program.  OU transformed their old PLM (Petroleum Land Management) program into the Energy Management Program in the School of Business.  This undergraduate degree retains the geology, business law and other specialized classes that were part of the PLM program, but adds additional finance hours with a focus on derivatives and a trading floor course.  With the added plus of many of these students growing up in or around "energy" families in Oklahoma or Texas, I thought that recruiting top graduates from this program could be beneficial to Enron.  Our recruiting efforts at OU continue to be successful and our OU Energy Management graduates have done well at Enron.  Our first hire from OU (and the top Energy Management student) was Jody Crook.  He joined the analyst program last February after a December 1999 graduation.  His first rotation has been on my team, working as a risk book administrator in gas trading.  He is in the process of looking for a second rotation at the end of February, and I think that he is someone that you should consider for a rotation on your team.  In addition to this last year's risk experience at Enron, Jody worked as a landman for two summers for Burlington Resources.  I was very involved in recruiting Jody to Enron.  I think very highly of him, and want to be sure that he has good rotations while in the Analyst program. His background and your business seem to be a good fit.  Please visit with Jody as he contacts your group about a rotation.  It will be well worth your time.  Thanks.  --Sally   x35926 
 Along with Mike McConnell, I am active in recruiting for Enron's Analyst Program at the University of Oklahoma.  We became involved in recruiting there two years ago when I learned about a targeted undergraduate program that seemed like it could be a good fit for our program.  OU transformed their old PLM (Petroleum Land Management) program into the Energy Management Program in the School of Business.  This undergraduate degree retains the geology, business law and other specialized classes that were part of the PLM program, but adds additional finance hours with a focus on derivatives and a trading floor course.  With the added plus of many of these students growing up in or around "energy" families in Oklahoma or Texas, I thought that recruiting top graduates from this program could be beneficial to Enron.  Our recruiting efforts at OU continue to be successful and our OU Energy Management graduates have done well at Enron.  Our first hire from OU (and the top Energy Management student) was Jody Crook.  He joined the analyst program last February after a December 1999 graduation.  His first rotation has been on my team, working as a risk book administrator in gas trading.  He is in the process of looking for a second rotation at the end of February, and I think that he is someone that you should consider for a rotation on your team.  In addition to this last year's risk experience at Enron, Jody worked as a landman for two summers for Burlington Resources.  I was very involved in recruiting Jody to Enron.  I think very highly of him, and want to be sure that he has good rotations while in the Analyst program. His background and your business seem to be a good fit.  Please visit with Jody as he contacts your group about a rotation.  It will be well worth your time.  Thanks. 
 Here is the info on the meeting in Dallas.  I am glad that you will be able= =20 to join us. --Sally=20 
 I will call you tonight! 
 Thanks for your help on getting Chris Hanz lined up to talk with Chris Hoyle.  If you don't get anyone to talk with John Rodgers, don't worry about it.  I may have someone that could talk with him from the EnronOnline team. _Sally 
 I agree - he does look like a good candidate.  Please do go ahead with a phone screen and let me know if we should then interview him.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Please put the dates referenced below on my calendar.  You may need to get more details from Lexi.  Thanks. 
 Watch for her call.  Ask her to send me a resume to review and set up a meeting when convenient.  Thanks. 
 I will look forward to talking with Norma.  Thanks for suggesting that she contact me. --Sally 
 Can you upgrade me to first class? 
 This looks great.  Do you need me for either of those two dates?  How was dinner last night?   Sorry that I couldn't stay, but I know that the students were in good hands.  Who else attended from Enron?  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI - The details below take care of the Hess "sharing arrangement" that we discussed yesterday.  --Sally 
 Glad to hear that we are getting there.  Josephine's House (Jeffery's annex) is really good.  They do a great job of serving.  At past Enron dinners, they have printed menus specific for the occassion - really nice looking and a nice keepsake.  Maybe we can do this.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your note.  I do believe that this indicates a recognition within the organization of the importance of the work of the whole group.  That is nice to see!!--Sally 
 She will check with Dad and let you know?????  I don't quite get all of this either.  Do you think that she might have been hoping that Dad would come up with a plan?  (Despite her comment that they were not "celebratory" about the occassion.)  Who knows...  Keep me posted - and please do me the favor of shaking me if I get like that too.  --Sally 
 I do know Jana.  She has worked in various positions within my group for years since she joined us in the analyst program.  She has not been the strongest player.  Her level of accuracy has not been what we would have liked in many of the roles that she has played for us (confirmations and settlements).  And despite feedback, she is one of those players that just has never quite viewed her performance level in the same light that we see it.  She currently supports trading operations for South America, reporting to Martha Stevens under Scott Mills.  Let me check with Scott on his thoughts about her current performance and on her in an HR role.  I will let you know what he thinks.  It may be to date that we just haven't had Jana in the right role for her.  If I remember correctly, she was originally a teacher who went back to school to get a business degree.  Very sweet, pleasant to work with and personable.  I will get back with you after I have talked with Scott, or I may have him leave you a message. 
 FYI - Check my voice mail message that I left for you and call me when you can. 
 Not sure that this reached you the first time.  My address was flawed. 
 Just checked with Richmond Hill Inn in Asheville and they are open over Thanksgiving.  Not filled yet for that time period.  They are sending me a brochure.  Only potential draw back there is that most of their rooms have only king size beds and sleep two persons.  There are 2 rooms that have two beds, and two cottages that have sleeper sofas.  They do have baby beds. Families of 2 or 3 can be accomodated fine.  I would probably take two rooms, one for the girls and one for Tyler, David and me.  But we would probably do that in New York or San Francisco, too.  As we all know, five is almost too many in one room and bathroom.  I think that dinner in Austin on June 2 and a trip at Thanksgiving sounds like a good plan.  Do you guys want to cover that with Mom and Dad and ask about the San Antonio/Sun City crowd? 
 I hear that Dad was in the emergency room for some hours earlier this week. Glad to hear that it just seemed to be a virus.  Mom does seem to like that Heart Hospital...  Check out the website for the place in Asheville, NC that I mentioned to you.  Address is richmondhillinn.com - if I knew how to hotlink for you I would, but I am not the techie!!  We had dinner there one night while in Asheville and had a great meal and though that the place was pretty -  a lot better than the overpriced, under-delivered Grove Park Inn.  Our friends the Tylers spent several nights at the Richmond Inn that same summer.  It looks pretty good in the photos, and you can see the mountains!!  Only airlines that fly from here into Asheville are Delta and US Air. Continental flies to Greenville/Spartanville, SC which is about 60 to 70 miles from Asheville - not impossible, given that we would want some cars.  I will get info on prices and stuff for lodging and airfare - then we can decide if we want to show this to Mom and Dad as a possibility.  Hope all is well with the three of you.  Are you making the trip to Halletsville on Saturday, assuming no rain out?  I am not going to make it - need a little r&r at home and to wash some clothes!!  Love, Sally 
 Congratulations to you and Lanettte on the birth of Nicole Mackenzie.  What a pretty name!  I was in London last week and got the news while I was there.  I hope that everyone in your household is doing well, although I know that you are probably a bit sleep deprived.  That will pass - although with your first one that is really hard to believe.  Please stop by as soon as you have pictures.  I would love to see them.  --Sally 
 Melissa Allen, formerly with Arthur Andersen and assigned to the Enron account, has taken over Beth Apollo's role for EEL.  She reports to Fernley Dyson, as did Beth.  I was in the London office last week.  As a result of some of my discussions, Mike Jordan asked that James Scribner make a visit to cover the operations pricing model and to discuss some issues around global counterparty database.  Mike has suggested that James come to London during the first week in February, which sounds as if it will coincide with your trip.  Please coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync (in case of potential overlap) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of coordination.  Since your agenda mentions GCP, there may some meetings that you are planning that would be appropriate for James to join.  By copy of this memo, I am asking James to do the same with you.  Thanks. 
 FYI on VNG... 
 Thanks for your help.  I will be in touch tomorrow on details.  Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you.  If not, let me know, and some of us who interviewed on campus may have them still.  --sally 
 Thanks for your note and welcome back to Enron.  I am so pleased that you have returned.  I, too, look forward to working with you.  --Sally 
 And you and your bride haven't set Dallas as a honeymoon destination???? = =20 Your excuse seems to be a good one.  We will miss your presence and=20 participation, however.  Enjoy the wedding!!--Sally=20 
 Please mark your calendars for this reoccurring luncheon that Sally will be hosting:  Date: Every Monday (at least thru March), beginning Jan 29 Time: 11:30 - 1:00 PM Location: EB 30C2 Subject: Operational Risk for Enron Americas  Lunch will be served. 
 FYI.  Forgot to cc: you on this.  PT 
 On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel i= n=20 downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and= =20 back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete= a=20 plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20 integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at= =20 their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20  I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this desig= n=20 session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13t= h=20 in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called = a=20 DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is compos= ed of=20 various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you= =20 have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20 regard this session as different from any working session you have previous= ly=20 experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven= =20 to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20 methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.  A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were= =20 selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in th= e=20 DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as= =20 little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results= =20 depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the= =20 entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to suppor= t=20 and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. = =20 This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods s= o=20 that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20 necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during= =20 these two days.  Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,= =20 and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment= =20 has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning= =20 the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.  I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendanc= e=20 for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00= =20 p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone= =20 else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to= =20 take your place until you and I have discussed this.  I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing yo= u=20 in Dallas! 
 Please put attendees on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your note.  Sorry that all we managed last week was a wave.  My last trip to London was March of 2000, so I certainly had a very full agenda.  Mike Jordan kept my schedule very full, but productive, and even lunches and dinners were filled with business meetings.  Do stop by when you are in the office next week.  I should be in town all week.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
 Thanks for the congratulations.  David of course is pleased about the promotion but is most anxious to see what dollars come along with it! Thanks, too, for your comments on the OpRisk session.  It is always a risk to pull together an audience of 90 and deliver something worthwhile.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 If my full e:mail address is not used, Steve Beck gets my e:mails.  He has forwarded this one.  Does it make sense to you?--Sally 
 Thanks for making this time change. 
 Peggy,  Is it the 4 Points or Eau Claire Sheraton?  I'm trying to book her a room for Tuesday evening.  Thanks, Patti x39106     Peggy Hedstrom 01/20/2001 09:23 AM 
 During the budgeting process for 2001 I gave Dave Delainey an estimated cost savings for Energy Operations assuming the sale of HPL. Since this is clearly on the horizon, we need to take a close look at opportunities for cost savings and our estimated timing on those savings.  I will ask James by copy of this memo to set up a meeting late this week to cover this.  I want to be able to get back with Dave with more detailed estimates of cost savings. 
 Audience for the report?  Is it you and Philippe, or will the report be distributed to all on your memo distribution list?  May make a difference in information provided.  We can update you on progress toward commercialization of mid and back office operations in the report.  Would you also like some operating data - # of deals, bcf scheduled, etc.?  We can come up with a format and suggested content this week.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
 This is some of the data that we need... 
 Can you get me info on the options with Dell?  I won't make it by to speak with them myself today.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your note. 
 Thanks, Sarah!  I was so focused on getting that in the mail that I obviously didn't proof the content very well.  Thanks for looking out for me!  --Sally 
 Janine,  When  is Beth's last day in London?  I need that date before I can proceed. I think it might be today, but I need to confirm that before I have everything switched over.  Patti 
 Janine,  I can handle that.   I will put in request today.  Patti x39106 
 The name of the restaurant that I liked for lunch was Christophers.  It is at Victoria Station, or in the lobby of what was or is a hotel at Victoria Station.  Quick walk from the office.  Apparently, there is another location at Covent Gardens.  Dinner last night was fun.  It is always great to see you either in Houston or London.  Sorry that our goodbye was so abrupt.  I think that the taxi driver was afraid that we would get him killed!  I called home last night and told Amanda about our discussion on a day in Paris.  She is ready!!  Let us know when you will next be in Houston.  I should be here quarterly - probably head back in March or April.  --Sally 
 Please check the dates for that OpRisk seminar in New York and put those on my calendar tentatively.  I got a message from Shona trying to schedule a trip to Mexico and she thought that the week of February 5th looked good.  I assume that she checked with you and that my calendar looked clear.  While I have not yet made a decision on attending the NY seminar, I do need to hold those dates.  I left Shona a message telling her that the week of February 19 would be better.  --Sally 
 Thanks.  This will definitely help me.  --Sally     Enron North America Corp. 
 Silly as it may seem, have Brian Heinrich dig up a copy of the form that we used last year for headcount addtions.  Let's complete those for these positions and have Fred and Scott Neal sign them.  They need to understand the addtional cost associated with these requests.  They will forget later in the year if they aren't making much money.  Do you agree that these positions are needed and will add value?  --Sally 
 Haven't had the chance to look at the UT presentation yet.  That will make good airplane material tomorrow.  If I make any changes I will try to fax pages to you after David picks me up at the airport tomorrow.  If I don't make chanages, I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you know that.  My schedule has been really full here, but very productive.  Thanks for your comments.,  I must admit, I am really excited about the promotion.  We can talk next week about what I hope to accomplish during this next year and where my major focus will be.  It will be helpful for you to know and understand that as we work together to make that happen.  I am certainly glad that you are here - my flight to London reminded me of your arrival about this time last year as I was heading to London.  Luckily a different reason for the trip this year, but still hectic.  I expect it to be a busy year.  You will notice that I have blocked some times on my calendar to get reviews written and delivered.  Target is to be finished  by the end of January .  I will talk with you on Friday afternoon and see you on Monday.  --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for your note.  I will copy Patti on this reply and ask her to set us up for lunch when I am back from London.  --Sally 
 Technology is wonderful - I can log on here in the London office just as I do in Houston.  I feel very in touch.  Sounds like you have been busy - I think that the variety of items for the Sunday meeting sounds good.   Thanks for taking care of all of this.  London is cold but sunny - so very nice.  I do love coming here - hope to make the trip once a quarter this year.  I will be back at home by Friday evening, so let me know if there is anything that I can do before the meeting.  Otherwise I will see you on Sunday.  Too bad that Nancy doesn't want the input from  the girls on presentation.  I think that taking likes and dislikes would be good - no commitment to make changes that the girls' might suggest, but I think that it would be wonderful to have their input.  They are the honorees.  Oh, well .....as you say, this is volunteer work and probably not worth getting too worked up over the whole thing.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  It is always interesting to scan the list and do a count of other females names.  Were not too many on this latest list.  We will have to work on changing that.  --Sally 
 The flight was uneventful, although I didn't sleep very much.  Weather here is cold but clear, so I am enjoying it.  Very useful trip - they have my schedule very full, including dinners every night.  I will be in the office through end of day Thursday, and then dinner with Fernley Thursday night.  I will be in route to Houston on Friday - catching a 9:00am flight (told the kids that I would be at the airport at 2:00 am Houston time to start back home).  We are not going to follow the Kean/Olson memo on communicating ratings.  We will only communicate Needs Improvement and Issues.  There will be differing messages for needs improvement which fit the situation - some need to hear that they are not performing at a high enough level relative to peers to help us achieve business goals or for them to considered for a bonus (may need to find another role within or outside Enron which is a better fit).  Message to someone new to Enron in that category should be different.  Glad they are here; believe that as they learn the organization and their job that they will be able to make significant contributions; doing the right thing to learn the business, but that contributions to date are not significant enough to warrant payment of a bonus...  Thanks for getting everyone on the same page on this.  --Sally 
 This will work well, assuming Steve and Chris are available.  Hopefully, Lexi will have their resumes for you tomorrow.   Thanks for your help.  I will be in touch on details. 
 I assume that this request relates to corporate functions under Rick.  As of this moment, my team and I have not yet been granted access to merit information in the comp system.  I am in London this week, but have been in touch with my HR rep each day.  Latest word is that he aniticipates that we will be able to access merit worksheets sometime today.  Our deadline to submit merit increases is Monday, January 22.  SInce it is already after lunch on Wednesday here in London and we do not yet have access to the system, it is likely that my direct reports will work on merits over the next two days.  Since I will be in the air on Friday, it will be Monday before I have the opportunity to review all inputs from my direct reports and finalize merits.  --Sally 
 I am in the London office this week, so I won't be able to attend. 
 Congratulations on the baby - August seems like  a long time away, but given how quickly time passes at Enron, you will be there before you know it.  I would be glad to visit with you about other opportunities at Enron sometime. I am in the London office this week, but will be back in the office the week of the 22nd.  Give Patti a call if you would like to get together and visit about options.  --Sally 
 Hopefully, those guys would stand out in the Woodlands like a sore thumb and would choose to go elsewhere.  Would be nice to have them behind bars, however. Doesn't make George W.'s record on executions look like such a bad idea, does it?  I left Houston on Sunday afternoon.  Any new news on those 7?  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/16/2001 12:53 PM 
 For now, have her boxes delivered to the spot behind your desk.  I sent Wes a message and copied you on that.  I can't remember the name of the person who works for Wes that handles moves.   Lisa filled in for her while she was out on medical leave.  She is back.  Can you get with her right away and see what you can come up with?  Best situation would be for Beth to sit near me.  Also, Bob Hall has someone who is coordinating space needs for us now that Lisa is gone.  Can you check with her, too?  Also, Jeff Shankman called me last week to ask how we could speed up our (Energy Ops) move off of 30.  I don't know who is left on 30.  Can you get the person that reports to Bob Hall to give me an update on our moves from 30 so that I can get back with Jeff this week?  Thanks. --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Any room at the inn?  I am looking for a spot for Beth Apollo.  She will be working with me, starting on January 29th in Houston.  --Sally  I am in London this week, but if you have any ideas Patti can follow through while I am out. 
 Thanks for your e:mail message and your voice mail at home.  I appreciate your nice thoughts.  I am in London all week - is there anything that you or Jo need that I could bring back for you?  Just let me know.  I will be back in the office next Monday, the 22nd.  --Sally     Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/13/2001 11:38 AM 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that everyone in the group sees this as a recognition of the value of the role that we play within Enron.  That will help us in attracting and retaining talented people, which makes my job easier and more fun.  --Sally 
 I have reviewed my section of Causey's presentation ( to be given by Brenda) and all looks fine except for page with world map.  Can we add Portland to the map?  That is the true trading location that is missing.  If it is tough to do, don't worry about it.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I have fun being here, which makes all of this even better!  --Sally 
 I am so sorry about the fire.  That must be awful -- but I am so glad that no one was hurt.  I had not heard about it until Mo called me today.  Please let me know if there is anything that I can do.  Do you need me to get you anything over here and ship it to London?  I can certainly understand that you will reconsider the trip to Houston next week.  I know that you must have hundreds of details to handle.  My plan right now is to be off the week of Thanksgiving.   My nanny will be on vacation that whole week so that she can make a trip out of town.  I may do some work early in the week, but likely from home.  The week after Thanksgiving I am supposed go to Wellesley College (Boston area) to interview for the analyst program.  I am due at a reception on Monday night (November 27) and I will interview on Tuesday (November 28).  Assuming that I can get a flight back on Tuesday night, I will be in the office here in Houston Wednesday through Friday that week.  Would that work?  Sorry I am out so much in the next few weeks.  Just let me know.  --Sally 
 Please check on those marked below    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for doing this.  I plan to come to London once a quarter.  I will have to choose my dates well in advance since these flights seem to be so full! --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks - a nice start to the year.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I certainly follow your career with interest.  I have been meaning to call to tell you how much we enjoyed getting the wedding picture with your Christmas card.  What a great picture - you look beautiful and happy.  Meagan and Amanda particularly enjoyed seeing it.  My best laid plans for Christmas cards became a limited vision this year - only managed to get them in the mail to people outside of Houston.  Maybe next year...  I am in your old stomping grounds this week -- London.  I will see Mo tomorrow night for dinner and to catch up on her life.  See you next week!  --Sally 
 Thanks for your note on the promotion.  This was definitely a goal and is very rewarding to get there.  I would love to talk with you about your second rotation.  In fact, I mentioned you to Jesus Melendrez just last week.  He works with John Thompson and Scott Josey in the upstream capital markets group (producer finance).  I filled him in on the Energy Management degree and told him that I thought that his group should talk with you about a possible rotation.  I am in the London office this week.  Call Patti and ask her to schedule  a time for us to get together next week when I am back in the office to talk about rotations.   I will look forward to it.  Definitely put January 31 on your calendar for a tour of Enron Field and dinner (someplace downtown with heat -- any suggestions?).  Patti is working on some of the details this week for us to host Ted Jacobs and about 14 of his students while they are in town for NAPE.  --Sally 
 Let's try the last row window seat.  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for your note on the promotion.  Patti is beginning to work on details for the 1/31 tour of Enron Field and dinner for Ted and his students from OU.  She should contact you for a list of recent OU grads so that we can get the invitation list together.  I hope that you have that date on your calendar!   I will ask MIke McConnell if he would like to join us, too. 
 Michelle:  This is a stab at something to include in the newsletter.  Will you or someone on your team rewrite as necessary?  I am in the London office this week, so e:mail is probably the best way to get in touch with me. Thanks.  --Sally Beck   Operational Risk Management was the topic of an information session held last week for all managers, directors, senior directors and vice presidents in ENW supporting trading operations for EA, EIM and EGM in Houston, Portland and Calgary.  Operations professionals who manage risk book reporting and anaylsis, confirmations, physical product scheduling and cash management reaffirmed their roles in effectively accessing, managing and mitigating operational risk.  This focus on operational risk management  will ensure the quality of EWS' earnings and support a platform for continuing growth across all commodities in 2001. 
 Thanks for you nice note.  I miss seeing you on 33.  Hope that all is going well for you.  --Sally     Susan Skarness 01/16/2001 09:07 AM 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I do hope that everyone on my team sees the promotion as recognition of the value of the roles that we perform.  All that should make it easier to attract and retain talented people that make my job easier and more fun!  I will ask Patti to schedule some time for us to get together when I am back in the office next Monday.  Have a good week.  ---Sally 
 It's late and I am out of paper.  Please print message and attachment for me for Tuesday morning.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that within my team that they see the promotion as an indication that the work that we do is recognized as meaningful.  All of that helps me in recruiting and retaining talented people that make my job easier and more fun! 
 Thanks for your nice note.  Haven't seen you in a while - hope that all is going well for you.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your note.  I hope that things are going well for you at EBS.  I know that it must be busy.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  What a nice recognition of your contributions to the success of EnronOnline.  --Sally 
 Had trouble finding your e:mail address the first time around for this memo. 
 I can access the global compensation system from London.  Today I have been able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday for bonus and LTI.  I assume that I will be able to access the screens for merits as well.  Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.  I will want to give my direct reports access to the system so that they can input their recommendations.  I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions and expectations.  Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool, I would like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases.  Outside this process, we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market data gathered by Todd Burke.  We can process those agreed upon requests, but will not include those dollars within our merit totals.  That way, won't have to request additional dollars for these worksheets.  Better not to ask for exceptions on everything!!!  What is the word on bonus dollars?  Is everything finalized as I submitted? Let me know.  If we need to talk directly, contact Patti for a number where you can reach me.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that you are having fun in your new role. We will have to schedule lunch so that I can catch up on what you are doing now.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I am pleased for all of us at the increased recognition of the roles that we play within the organizaiton.  My ability to do my job well is very dependent on those of you who play key roles in operations.  Thanks for your part in that and for your continued support. --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for your note.  Yes, this definitely starts the year off nicely.  Hope your holidays were wonderful and that 2001 is a good year for you and your family, too.  --Sally 
 Enjoy the trip.  Two of our most fun vacations were at South Seas Planatation on Captiva Island.  Sorry that I didn't have time to respond to your e:mail from last week.  It will be great if you can use some of the baby stuff.  Yes, the bed and changing table match -- maple with a small amount of blue (not bright) trim on the bed and maple only on the changing table.  Our bedding could probably go either way, boy or girl.  If I remember correctly, the bumpers are red ticking trimmed in blue chambray and the dust skirt is red ticking with blue chambray and red bandana trim.  It's not as loud as it sounds - just take a look when you are here.  We also have a beautiful cradle (with bedding) for you to look at and a great baby swing.  As the baby gets older, we also have an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers.  I am mailing you a Martha Stewart magazine on babies (yes, she does those, too!), as well as several cataloges that we get that have cute nursery items in them.  Yes, good news on Dad.  I hope that in the next few weeks that his medication will kick in and he will see some improvement.  It is highly likely that the infection could be a cause of many symptoms that he has had.  It is just great to have a good diagnosis and the proper treatment started.  I think that he dodged a bullet on this one.  We will look forward to seeing you and Chris for Thanksgiving.  No big plans yet.  I assume that everyone will be here by at least Wednesday night.  I have ordered a birthday cake from RJ Goodies to help celebrate all November birthdays that evening.  Am hoping that Mom and Dad may come over on Tuesday so that we can do some fun things on Wednesday during the day (always a great day to shop while everyone else is home getting ready for Thanksgiving!).  I will have the whole week off from work.  The kids are off starting on Wednesday.  It is possible that on Friday, David, Amanda and Tyler may drive to Longview to have a visit with his mom and family.  If you can stay, we could really plan something fun if I an partially childless!! 
 Patti:  Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood. =20  Tom:  The good (or bad) news was that I was here late enough to see the mem= o=20 come out on e:mail Friday night.  Most will see this on Tuesday after the= =20 holiday.  I did get a few calls tonight from a hardy few that were still he= re=20 in the office.  I will call you when I am back from London.  Thanks for all= =20 of your help this week on the two meetings.  --Sally=20 
 The promotional memo came out a few hours too late today for me to be able to mention it when we talked this afternoon.  Congratulations on your promotion to managing director!  --Sally 
 The promotional memo came out a couple of hours too late for me to be able to mention it to you on the phone this afternoon.  Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  I have the dubious honor of being here late enough on Friday night to have seen the arrival of the promotional memo via e:mail.  I will be in the London office next week and I believe that we have some time scheduled together.  I look forward to the chance to visit with you then.  --Sally 
 Just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I will be in the London office during the week of January 15.  I will arrive just after lunch on Monday and plan to be there through Thursday.  Much of my time will be spent with Fernley and Mike Jordan.  If you have a few minutes while I am in town, it would be great to get with you to hear if there is anything that is of particular concern or interest to you in supporting the continuing growth of your business in 2001.  I will stop by while I am in the office.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  Well deserved, and a nice recognition of your contributions to the success of the Calgary office. --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President!  Well deserved and a nice way to cap off your stay in London.  I look forward to celebrating with you in London next week.  --Sally 
 I will be working in the London office Monday through Thursday, January 15 - 18 and will be be flying back to Houston on Friday, January 19.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), has a contact numbers for me in London. I will be checking voice mail and e:mail regularly while I am there.  Key contacts in Houston next week will be:  DPR and MPR   Shona Wilson   x39123  Gas Operations   Jeff Gossett    x37306 (in Chicago office Jan. 16 & 17) Bob Hall    x36956  Power Operations  Stacey White   x31870 Leslie Reeves   x37962 
 Cathy:  I will be working in the London office during the week of January 15, so I will not be at the staff meeting on January 16.  --Sally 
 I don't think that the doorstep reviews are the right venue for this.  I believe that to address what seems to be David's concerns would be better handled with an appropriate person deemed to lead a special project in a directed timeframe with a well defined scope.  We purposefully utilize differing personal on the doorstep reviews and it would seem that concerns over proper valuation should be addresses in a timeframe that is not dependent on the schedule of doorstep reviews around the world. 
 Mark Frevert has reviewed the attached addition to the upcoming organizational memo and has asked that I forward it to you to be included. This would be included in the section under Commercial Support, added as an additional bullet point beneath the one that addresses Business Analysis and Reporting (I believe that these bullet points are on Page 3 of the draft memo).  Please call me at x35926 if you have any questions. 
 Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for the students.  Call Ted if any problems.  Thanks. We will need this to send invitations to students and Ted (plus some Enron folks) to a tour of Enron Field and dinner on January 31.  Let's talk about arranging details.  thanks. 
 Leslie:  Can you attend this meeting for me?  I will be in London.  Patti:  Can you get time and location for Leslie and let them know that she will be there instead of me?  Thanks. 
 Yes, just call Wanda and let her know that Rick has asked that we add EES Houston to the Doorstep review schedule.  In keeping with other reviews, I would not necessarily give Wanda the dates.  We should also send a short memo to Kevin and Marty to fill them in on the process and purpose of the reviews.  I should probably send that to them.  Can you remind me when I am back in town the week of January 22?  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will be thinking about you and Brenda over the weekend and know that you will both be glad for her to return home.  I have mentioned to you before, Hector, that an Enron friend has dealt with a brain tumor successfully.  That is Barbara Gray, an attorney in ENA's Legal Department.  Barbara counsels patients and their families who are facing situations similar to hers.  If you feel like you would like to talk with someone who can understand on a more firsthand basis what you and Brenda are facing, I would encourage you to contact Barbara.  In addition to having been through her own battle with a brain tumor, she is simply a wonderful person whom I know you would enjoy meeting.  I have mentioned your situation to her, and she would certainly welcome a conversation with you.  I will be in the London office next week, so we will have to coordinate on merit increases from there.  I will be back in the office on Monday, January 22.  -Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 It will be good to use your knowledge of the business in helping EIM to grow.  I hope that you enjoy your new rotation.  --Sally 
 I will be in London the week of January 15th.  I understand from Beth that you and Frank will be in Spain on Monday night.  Beth and I plan to have dinner that night.  Will you be back in town later in the week?  I have business plans for dinner on Tuesday and Thursday.  Could you make dinner on Wednesday night (the 17th)?  There is an Enron happy hour for Beth that I will stop by at 6:30 that night, but I expect to be free after that.  I have a belated Christmas gift for you.  Hope we can get together!  --Sally  PS  Am staying at 47 Park. 
 Please put details of this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend. Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?  This will be a meeting that we should have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and make timely decisions on how to handle those.  I am sure that there is some prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.  I would assume that we should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk books, OA, etc.  Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.  I would love for us take charge and lead this meeting.  --Sally 
 There isn't much to the memo, but this is it!  It came out well after the e= nd=20 of the work day for most folks.  I believe that Patti has sent you my trave= l=20 plans for next week.  Have a great weekend!=20 
 Thanks for the note.  I certainly know by responses that I am getting tonight who is in the office late!  I was told that the memo would come out today - you just had to be here at dinner time to see it!  I am really pleased about how we have been able to improve the perception of what our group does and its importance to the organization.  And yes, we need more female names on these lists!  --Sally   Tana Cashion @ ENRON   01/12/2001 07:43 PM 
