. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, go ahead and get you a new printer.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, can you please review and make sure Dennis has all our people plus as= sociates on the=20 distribution list.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. LYnn 
 =09FYI.  Thansk. Lynn 
 I am fine with Gary and Darrel having update access as long as they understand that it means they have access to change shippers info.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, how should we handle?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, here is the other email I got on expense report.  Thank.s Lynn 
 Talk about a blast from the past.  Thought you might like to see this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I know a lot of work has gone into this effort and I really appreciate all the creative thinking some of you have done to accomplish our new report.  Dale and John, would you please work together to get the accounting support team to meet with us and to talk to someone about the long-term implementation of this project. Thanks. Lynn 
  Here are a couple of things I want to be sure we discuss in the morning.   Two Associate Interviews - Bring to Houston  PRC  My conversation with Brad about the Migration this weekend Meeting scheduled for Thursday  PGAS concerns - Jodie taking lead with you and reps 
 Ava, just wanted to be sure you saw this.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Terry, would you work with Darrell on this issue and let me know outcome?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Donna, I want to be sure we put this in Friday's bullets if Mary leaves it out.  This is signifcant for her as well as the North Team.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alicia, I am sorry I did not get this sent to you earlier, but I have a prior commitment and will not be able to attend.  I hope it is a good time for everyone else.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, did Randy do this on his own?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I will contribute $10.00.  Jut come by and get it.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is the action form HR has indicated we are to use for Level 3 performer.  This form will be in addition to the PEP system Peformance review form.  In discussions with Shelly we will use the form for all Level 3, but ONLY input "target dates" for those employees with issues.     Thought I would pass it on and let you modify as you need for your reviews.  If I have throughly confused you, give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Julia, got your message last night.  Hope all is well.  Steve and I wondered if you would be available for lunch, Tuesday, Wednesday or possibly Thursday next week.  We would love to see you and Dave.  Let us know.  We can meet you wherever it is convenient for you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and John, do you have Mike's desk covered on those two days?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, did you recieve this message?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Well, guys sorry it has taken me so long to get this out.  But attached is the list of functions that we could designate certain assistants to be primary and secondary knowledge base.      Please review and let me know of changes and additions you would like to see by Tuesday, July 17th.  Then I will recap for the Wednesday meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, please change per our conversation.  Thanks Lynn 
 Julia, Thursday sounds great.  We can leave as early as 11:00 a.m. since Steve is catching a plane to Minneapolis that afternoon.  Just let us know where and when. We look forward to seeing you guys Thursday.  Have a good week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  A little higher capacity than we had anticipated.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please get with Randy and look at his schedule and mine for us to meet the first of next week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, thanks for your help on this effort as well as your quick response.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gina here is the spreadsheet I was talking to you about.  Sorry I failed to put your name on here.  Thanks. Lynn 
 No replied to these tickets.  Do you have anyone you want to give them to in your groups?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, do we have any tickets for next week?  I would like to go ahead and give Laura some as a "thank you" for switching pipelines.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI,  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, sorry I did not get the message to Ava before she sent this out.  She will send another out in the morning and include Tammy.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gina, each assistant does time sheets.  So I believe Alma Green would be the person that supports you. Cost centers is Donna's responsibility to work with us.  She has been real good about researching information for us.  Just let her know what you need.  I may go ahead and have a Primary and Secondary for Time Sheet questions and we can discuss on Wed.  Thanks Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Becky, yes I got a note as well.  I was very impressed he took the time to acknowledge this situation to us.  Hope all is well for you.  I enjoyed the opportunity to work with you on Mauro's trip.  Take care.  Lynn 
 Ricki, it might be quicker to re-create the timeline.  I can give you a colored copy so you can keep it identical to the one we have.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thought you might be interested in this info.  We will keep you posted.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dale, what is the timing for adding this information.  Also are you or John setting up the meeting to discuss the accounting imbalance info?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, did you send out last weeks notes?  If so can you resend to team advisors and coordinators.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I think you want to continue using this report.  It is the report we have used all along to confirm the number against the ultra sonic meters.  We can discuss further if you like.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, could I have one of the nights next week to give to Laura for Astro tickets? I'll give you one of mine!!!!  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, the DCC (downstream capacity constraint) code was to acknowledge that the downstream is the constraint vs our pipeline being the constraint.  We are working with Tammy and Donna to come up with existing codes to use for Needles and Nigas.  Thanks. Lynn 
 So, why did only Jean and Janet readily respond?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, do we need to bump this concern up a level?  or have you already?  Seems like there has been a LOT of down time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.  You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar:   	Reviewer (can read items) Tasks:      	None Inbox:      	None Contacts:   	None Notes:      	None Journal:    	None  To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this. 
 Jeff, thanks for taking care of this.  We appreciate your help. Dale, would you let me know if everything looks OK in our systems for all three pipes? Thanks. Lynn 
 When: Tuesday, July 24, 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Lynn's Office  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Ava, I have review the IP/TV anti trust and sent that to Frazier King.  Some of the others may have done the same.  You might call Frazier and see who is still on his list of these people.  And if my name pops up let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Todd, I am planning on attending both the Sunday event as well as the meeting on Monday.  I look forward to the meetings.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike and Terry, does this impact our storage numbers for July?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Karon, I would like to order a 15" flat screen monitor for Christine McEvoy (EB4135K).  Her monitor is going out and we need to replace it as soon as possible.  Please let me know if you need any additional information.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation.  Some of the questions being asked:  1.  Why are we allocating for SoCal, (at their request)?  2.  Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm?  3.  What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles?  I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well.  We are looking at Tuesday, July 24, at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday, July 25, 1:30 p.m.  Please let Ava Garcia (713-853-5842) know which day is better for you.  Then we will get a room and let everyone know date and time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tangie, I had a call from Delaine yesterday and she and several others want to come down the week of August 20th to clean up all issues.  I said let me know who is coming.  She is sending me a list.  Hopefully we can resolve this at that time.  Does that work for you? Also, are you here that week of August 20?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI, Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, thanks for the info.  Also should John Dushinske be invited to this meeting?  He is the Vice President over the North End Generation load and new services.  Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 When: Tuesday, July 24, 2001 9:00 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Lynn's Office  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Ava, that is fine with me.  Just be sure you have a back up and let the teams know. who is the back up.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Miranda, please sign me up for August 22 for the below referenced training session.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and John, please plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rob and Teb, I heard you were interested in  joining us tomorrow at teh SoCal Needles meeting. Just wanted to send you the information below and let you know we have you covered for lunch as well.  Look forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Alma, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI.  Thanks. lYnn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jan, thanks for the update.  This helps me to "think" cold to pack!!!!!  Thansk. Lynn 
 Tammy are doing Wed or Thursday?  I have Fran scheduled for Wed. morning, but can reschedule if we need to use that time for the accounting training.  If it is Thursday, I will reshuffle my meetings.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Kent and Dave, I reviewed our analysis of the swing for July 17th this morning in the meeting.  High level recap is:   130,000		Due to building line pack from Monday's gas day 95,000		Day to Day payback and I/C shortages ( the bulk of this was to repay Norval and Valero Sprayberry about 60,000 from the previous day)  140,000		Due to Market Area overtake (this includes 40,000 of Mid Am imbalance plus 100,000 spread over ABC, D and EF.  In looking at LSF, we were not able to determine that any one zone over pulled.  It looked to be pretty evenly distributed)  15,000		Due to 5% tolerance on Power packs. _______ 380,000		The total swing was 419,000.  The difference of 39,000 is a combination operational adjustments.  Hopefully this helps to identify some of your concerns.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thansk. Lynn 
 Mike, thanks for the info.  I would like to be included on receiving the log weekly.  Thanks. Lynn 
 One of you may want to set in on this meeting.  If not I can bring you up to speed.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 Vernon, yes, you can do pool to pool transactions on an MPS agreement. 
 Vernon, please see my answers in red.  Sounds like you had a great meeting.  Let me know if you need any other info.  Thanks. Lynn 
 When: Thursday, July 26, 2001 9:30 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Brad, let's try calling Mike or Ed Thursday mg at 9:30?  Does that work for you 
 Terry, please plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  John is on call this weekend and will work closely with all the teams as we look at the EDI files on Sunday morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
  John, would you please work with Brad Holmes and Jerry Medeles to capture all of the system enhancements we have made on NNG since last years meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please designate these on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, could you touch base with Kathy and see if you can help her out.  If not, then let's get together.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, FYI.  Thought I would pass this on.  Would you like to discuss further?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike and John, let's discuss?  I may have led Vernon astray?  Thanks. Lynn 
  There is a meeting scheduled for Wednesday, August 1, to reveiew how TW allocates through pools.   Ava - Please see if you can possible get us 4102 and let us know where we will be meeting.  Ava - Please order food for 10 from Trebeards.  The combination red beans and rice and shrimp et..... (don't know how to spell!!).  Ramona - Carla is most interested in allocations through pools on the receipt side of the business.  Doesn't mean she won't ask about delivery.  Let's discuss.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  These are some of the comments and requests we get about people attending the meeting.  Normally since Duke is in town and Duke and Robert have an opportunity to meet here, we usually do not sent those reps to the Winter Ops meeting.  However, a lot is going on with Duke right now and it might be very beneficial for us to go ahead and send Robert.  I'll review the list with you before we make a final decision on who goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, we have finally made a decision to go with November 8 and 9th, 2001 for the TW Customer meeting.  Please work with Donna on the details and let me know if you are not able to get the hotel for that time frame.  Donna, it was also suggested we just do the meeting in the Enron building and then go down to Kehma for the boat ride.  What do you think of that idea?  Thanks.  Lynn 
  FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Larry and Raetta, do you agree with Dari's comment?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Janet, please work with Larry and Raetta to put together a settlement letter.  I would like for Rick and Dari to review the letter before we send it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  We will let you know how well this arrangement works after several weeks of testing it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dana, the signed copy after the meeting is fine with me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, remember I am on vacation August 6 through August 17th.  So it would be good to schedule one for the week of August 20th,  maybe the 22 or 23 to give me a couple of days to get back.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do any of you know if we use this Right Fax?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, can you help me put together the presentation we want for the Winter Ops meeting?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Let's discuss in the morning. Thanks. Lynn 
  Donna, my portable PC I am using today is an IBM ThinkPad 600.  Please let me know if you need more info than that.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Glen, do you want us to call you in your office?  Thanks. Lynn 
 I talked to Lisa with ENW and told her I would pass her concern on to the regulatory and marketing group.  That seem to make her feel better anyway.  We are working with her and other customers as needed to help them through the Timely process for the first.  At this time we are not planning on extended the Timely deadline, but we will revisit that decision as we get closer to 11:30.  Thanks for everyones support and help.  Lynn 
 Michele, just wanted to forward this to you and see if you would like to atten?  We would love to have you join us.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I will be on vacation, but Terry Kowalke and Steve January can cover for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, thanks for the way you sent this note to folks.  Lynn 
 FYI. Are you aware of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do you guys agree with Vernon's answers?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Donna, I wanted to let you know this for budget purposes. I am still waiting to hear from South Central teams and TW.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Vernon, looks good to me.  I also had John and Terry review it to be sure we did not mislead you.  They were fine as well.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Did you receive? 
 Shelley, for Saturday's gas day the Socal window was approximately 653,000. We actually scheduled 615,674 For Sunday's gas day the window started at 707,476 and ended at 645,892.  We actually scheduled 615,618 Otherwise the weekend was quite.  I'll leave the schedules for Socal on your desk in case you want them. Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I thought I would pass this on to you.  It is not too often we get to pass on good comments. I will include this info in the year end reviews as well since we are still working on the report Ken refers to.  Also this is another example of why we need a business objects person in our group or connected with out group.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Alfredo, Joe Hartsoe and Shelley Corman have asked Dannis Ballard and myself to work with you on Mr. Formaggio's visit to Enron.  If possible, we would prefer August 23/24 for Mr Fomaggio's visit.  But, we certainly can made August 20/21 work if necessary. We look forward to meeting and visiting with Mr. Fomaggio.  Dannis and I will work on an agenda to cover the topics you listed below.  If you have any questions, please let Dannis or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Maria, I wanted to follow up after discussions with you and Shelley, th= e SoCal window is based on what SoCal=20 is willing to confirm into their system for the day.  It does not neces= sarily have anything to do with physical capacity at Needles. If you have any questions, please let us know.  Thanks.  Lynn =20 
 =09Rachel, congratulations,  this is a well deserved promotion.  Thanks. Ly= nn 
 Shelley, I do not see the ladies name you mentioned on any of these emails. If you will forward it to me.  I will send her this note.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Donna, I need one laptop computer for Terry or John to use when they are out of town.  Please put them on the list. Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 TK and I haev reviewd and agree with the statement.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, I do not have anything.  Thanks. Lynn 
 TK, I saw this after you left.  See what your thoughts are?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, I agree.  Let's let them know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thought you might be interested in seeing this for fun.  Have a great day.  Lynn 
  Shelley, while I am on vacation John is working on two presentations for me.  1.  NNG Winter Ops Mtg -  a.  Start pulling together enhancements, LFT, Reverse Auction, team pictures, etc.  b.  Customer hot buttons for marketing and Customer Service - John will talk to teams to get ideas.  We will pass on to Dave Neubauer all marketing issues.  c.  John will work with Debbie Moore as we finalize the presentation.  2.  Italian Visitor -  a.  John is modifying an existing presentation we have used for international visitors.  b.  John will work with Debbie Moore to finalize presentation the week of Aug. 20th.  Shelley and Steve, let John know of any questions or concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  In talking with Delaine today, the date has changed for Oneok to come to Houston. They are now looking at August 27 or 28th.  Mary, does that work for you at all?  Is everyone in the office those two days?  I will be in the office Monday morning, August 6, so let me know and then I will coordinate with Delaine.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, how come these guys did not have access to SAP?  Just curious.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please set Randy Janzen up for SAP access.  Thanks. Lynn Blair 
  I would like to remind everyone it is very critical that we send out accurate invoices to our customers.  It is our responsibility to review the reports ahead of time (Measurement, Preliminaries, etc).  I feel very strongly that we should NOT be taking comp days on critical accounting days. As I have stated in previous memos this is mainly, reservation close day, the day before commodity close and commodity close day.  You should also be considerate of your team when scheduling vacation around these days and ensure you have SPECIFIED proper back up. It is still your responsibility to ensure your invoices are properly reviewed and sent out whether you are in the office or not.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Toby, I wanted to be sure you saw this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, that is great.  Keep me posted.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, John Buchanan will be attending in my place.  Please send him a request to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I will be out of the office August 6 thru August 17th.  In my absence you can contact the following people:  Scheduling Issues - John Buchanan Terry Kowalke  Gas Accounting Issues - Larry Berger Raetta Zadow Rick Dietz  Operational Issues - Gary Spraggins Darrell Schoolcraft Steve January  System Issues - Please go through John or Terry.  If they are not available, contact Brad Holmes  If you need a Director for signatures: Rick Dietz and Steve January will be available.  Have a great two weeks.  I will be thinking of all of you while I am on vacation!!!!!!  Thanks. Lynn 
  Since we are all moving at different times, we have declared this week to be "causal week" to accomodate cleaning out files, desk, etc.  The more we clean out now, the easier it will be to move to our final destination.  We appreciate everyone's efforts to accomodate the move as best we can. Please let Donna, Sheila, Rick, Steve, Brad or I know if you have any questions.   Thanks. Lynn 
 John, this was my original message.  so you can modify and resend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Fran, please update Leonards Review with the attached comments.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, I thought you might be interested in this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, FYI.  Also, would you please follow up with Gerry and be sure we will have this fix in by September 1.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John and Terry, what kind of training are we going to give the teams to be sure they understand how to use CAS?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, are we suppose to put together a handout for the morning meeting?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, did you ever get any information on this?  This may be part of our presentation. Thanks. Lynn 
 Shawn, it was good to hear from you.  Sorry it has taken so long to answer.  I will certainly look at the possibility of Robert being at the customer meeting.  I appreciate your comments. I am glad Shawn is going to be able to attend.  Have a good week.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Due to all the teams being on different floors, I am very concerned about coverage by John and Terry to accommodate all the team needs.  Here is a plan I would like to propose for now through March, 2002.  Terry concentrates on all TW issues and testing since he will be on 13 with the team.  John concentrates on NNG North end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team  Mike concentrates on NNG South end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team  As each of you are on vacation, then the other 2 will cover your area.  Another option is to have Larry and Raetta help out with the NNG teams during this time frame  Let's discuss on Wednesday after you have had a day to think about this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ronnie, I just got back from vacation and wanted to follow up on the discussion below. Have you heard back from Jerry?  Do you need me to try calling Delaine again?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, thanks for the update.  I have a couple of questions/comments:  1.  Is Legal and Regulatory in the loop on these decisions?  2.  Anything we can automate, I would like to ensure we have the automation on the enhancement list.  I like the idea of automating the last bullet.  I am not sure if it is in CMS or elsewhere, but I would like to be sure we pursue this automation. Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please be sure this is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, no problem.  Just remind me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I talked with Gary Anderson and he has assured my this fix will be done before August production close.  As far as the "sum station" issue, they have it as an high priority.  He was not sure they would have it fixed by August close by should have it by September close.  Raetta if you hear anything different, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, if we could have an update before I go to Omaha next Monday I would appreicate it. We are meeting with Marketing and the new morning report format is one of the topics. Thanks. Lynn 
  The accounting/Market Service SGA conference is being held this year in New Orleans on September 26 - 28.  I would like for each team to pick a candidate to attend this meeting.  If you attended last year, it would be good to give someone else an opportunity this year to attend.  A few of the highlights of the conference are: Internet Billing presentation and discussion Presentation on electric deregulation Natural Gas Prices Challenges and issues for electric scheduling and accounting  Please let me know who you candidate will be by Monday, August 27. If you have any questions about the conference, you can give me, Larry or Raetta a call.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Fran, here is the draft we worked on today.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dale, what is the status of your research on this project.  Were we able to get to a zone level?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joe, are all of these points valid for transport?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry/Randy, what is the status of the contracts?   Have they been terminated?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry and Raetta, would you work with Janet to finalize this process and let me know the outcome.  Thanks. Lynn 
  It looks like we are on for a meeting with Oneok on the 29th.  Are you guys in the office on that day?  The main topic of discussion is the new Mid Continent Market Center interconnect at Bushton.  Please let me know if you are available or not.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Is this the same on NNG and TW?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rob and Teb, this is the agenda I left you a message about.  I realize this is last minute, so if it does not work for you to visit with Mr. Formaggio, I think we can cover the time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jim, good idea.  I had not thought about that.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.  11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)  12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:  Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton Points that are on the wrong OBA Imbalances on the Gathering OBA American Processing Issues (Robert)  Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of the afternoon.  Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon. 
  I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.  11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)  12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:  Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton Points that are on the wrong OBA Imbalances on the Gathering OBA American Processing Issues (Robert)  Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of the afternoon.  Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon.  Attendees from Oneok are:  Delaine Kurth, Kim Hardman, Sherry Rogers, maybe one other person.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, can you plan on attending?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John looks good.  I have a call into Lisa Sawyer to get her opinion on the 9/30 target date. But you can go ahead and get this to Debbie.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Karen, no problem we can call you in for your part only.  I do not have any more detail at this time, but if we get some before the 29th I will pass it on to you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, thanks.  Just keep me posted.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Vernon, here is what was sent to the customers.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thank. Lynn 
 Sharon, I found the agenda you sent out and Vernon sent it to Virginia Power.  This is their reply.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  All four of you do not need to be there.  But I would like one from accounting and one from scheduling.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I was in the office all this pay period.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I am concerned we will have/or should have some of the frank discussions we have with AA setting in the room.  Is there anyway we could have a rooster everyone signs to show we attended if that is all they are concerned about?  Just a thought.  I can live with either decision, but I want to prep my people before the meeting if AA attends.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, I thought we were re-arranging the meeting to do Rates and Revenue before the other topics. Otherwise, looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pat, thank you for sending this to me.  Do you by chance have Bill's home address?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I am assuming you are aware of this.  In case you weren't, I thought I would pass it on.  This is Bill's address.  Thanks. Lynn 
  There are several things we need to discuss on Monday:  Schedule for not working weekends, but making up that time on evenings during the week.  Mastio study letter  Oneok Meeting  Shift Differential communication to teams - By payperiod vs by month  Winter Ops presentation   I did not want to forget these items.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, who requested these to be done before the 8:00 a.m. meeting?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Charlie, I agree we should get payment either way.  Gas Logistics is meeting with Oneok on Wednesday on some other matters.  Do you want Steve Herber or I to mention this again to Delaine or wait to see what their review says?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jodie, Toby,  Steve and I are planning on reviewing and performing a practice run on our presentations.  We have 4102 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m..  Anyone that wants to join us is welcome.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please review and let Dari and I  know of any changes, additions, etc.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I definitely think we should let customers know as needed basis.  Someone should certainly talk to ENA.  Terry, please work with Jean on this.  John and Terry, are there other customers who download our rates?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta or Larry, do either one of you have the SMS chart on line?  I only have a hard copy.  If you could help Courtney out, I would appreciate it.  I will be in Omaha tomorrow and back in the office Wednesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I think it is a great idea.  If Shelley is OK with it, would you please coordinate the effort.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Guys, sorry we left off the day.  We are doing this on Friday, August 31.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, please work with the team to be sure we have the basis covered until we have our meeting next week.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Approved.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you might be interested.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, I think it would be a good idea to do some training in Omaha.  But we should coordinate it to cover all customers in the Omaha area.  Then we can do it in one trip. Thanks. Lynn 
 John, thanks for questioning this.  Lynn 
 Ava, please add to my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alfredo, I would be glad to visit with you tomorrow (Friday) anytime after 1:00 p.m.  You can call me at X37637 or if you get my phone mail you can call Ava Garcia at X35842 and she will find me for you. Thanks. Lynn 
  I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13 for the Astros vs Giants.  If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please let me know by Wednesday, September 5th.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry and Darrell, are you both planning on attending?  To keep this low key I will not attend, but will be available if you need me.  Are you OK with that?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. 
  Shelley, I talked with Kent Miller and he confirmed that the Storage group sends storage volumes to EIA for reporting purposes.  They do NOT send anything to AGA.  But it is his understanding that AGA is getting their information from EIA so by default he believes that AGA gets NNG's storage numbers.  As a reminder this question came up in the staff meeting this week and I was to follow up with Kent.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, Just wanted to pass on to you, Becky Cantrell and I met with Alfredo today to review our discussions with Mr. Formaggio. We had a very good conversation and Alfredo may be calling in the future for more information.  If you have any questions, please let me know. Thanks. Lynn 
 OK, here is what I have: For Wednesday, September 12 - Cynthia and Renee (NGPL) (2 tickets) For Wednesday, September 12 - Robert and Duke (2 tickets) For Thursday, September 13 - Bert and Texaco (4 tickets)  Cynthia I am assuming you only wanted 2 tickets.  If that is not correct let me know and we can give one of you the 12th and the other a later game.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, does Tim know I only have 30 minutes?  As far as I know Shelley will be having her staff meeting.  Otherwise, I am OK.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve, I did not see your name.  Don't you usually approve these?  Thanks. Lynn 
 If I understand correctly we will make the change for January 1, 2002.  Do NOT change anything for 2001.  Is that right Donna?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Have you guys seen this email?  Just wanted to be sure you had.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, is this what you are looking for?  If I need to talk to anyone to help you get the referrel, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, have we taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, where are we on this item?  Thanks. Lynn 
  I have approved all of the submitted reviewers for all teams with a few exceptions.  Those people who had changes will be notified by email.  The changes were necessary to ensure an even distribution.  If you would like to discuss any of the changes I had to make, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Laura, I had to change one of your reviewers.  I changed Christine to Amy.  I also removed Richard since he had been selected to many times.  I will visit with him though and get some feedback.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Christine, I had to change Laura to Linda Ward on your request.  We had to many people selecting Laura and I need to evenly distribute the reviews.  If you have any concerns, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Linda, I went ahead and assigned Beverly Miller, Amy Mulligan and Richard Hanigriff to review you.  You need to submit those three names in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Sherry, I had to change from Chris to Debra on your reviewers.  I will still visit with Chris since you did put her name down.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Chris I had to change  Sherry to Janet McDaniel on your reviews.  I will still visit with Sherry to get input from her for the year end review.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Randy, I had to change Chris to Robert for one of your reviews.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Joe, I had to change Chris to Robert on you Year end review.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Janet, I had to change from Harry to Kathy Sturr on one of your reviewers.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debra, I had to change from Chris to Janet McDaniel for one of your reviewers.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Kathy, I had to change one of you reviewers from Chris to Randy Janzen.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Randy, I had to change one of your reviewers from Diana Porter to Shirley Walden.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, in our meeting yesterday, I told people they could also give unsolicited feedback on any one on the team and encouraged them to do so.  I will talke with Diana to get some feedback from her without her having to fill out additional forms if that sounds OK with you.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ricki, that sounds great.  Would you please take care of this?  Make it from Gas Logistics?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Do you still want to go to Lunch?  Call Me.  Thanks Lynn (7637) 
 Janet, I will add Harry to your evaluation.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Randy, make sure someone is up to speed on your process that can represent you in the meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, very good memo.  Thanks for covering the basis internally on these issues.  Lynn 
 Donna, I am not going to worry about this unless you tell me I need to.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Who is sending the letter to let Bear Paw know we need prepayment?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, I have three PAA's that the North team has done.  Two people are IT.  I wasn't sure if that made a difference?  I told them I would see if we could get them done, but at this late date there were no guarantees.  If you approve, I will have Fran fill out the necessary blanks.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, I wanted to see if I could get the PAA in for Ava.  I think she did a very good job on the Transwestern meeting and I would like to recognize her for that.  If you approve, then I will send to Fran to fill out the appropriate information.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Can we get processed?  Please call me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Fran, I have Shelley's approval on these.  Can we get them approved.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
 Mauro, it was very good to hear from you, I just wish it would have been under different circumstances.  I do appreicate your thoughtfulness.  Hope all is well with you and your family.  Take care.  Lynn Blair 
  Paul gave me his home and cell phone numbers for this weekend in case anything comes up.  Home - 281-320-2563 Cell Phone - 281-731-0692  Please do not give out to anyone else without Paul knowing.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, NNG and TW are ok.  We use UPS and direct mail only.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, below is the TW information for December 1, 2001  (1) ENA did not nominate on Transwestern for 12/01/01.  (2) EES Contract 25980 - Nominated 	Scheduled 2100	      0		PRR LaMaquina Plant (POI 500539) did not confirm 
 FYI.  This is the info I sent Shelley for Dec. 1 on TW.  We need to track any changes to this information during the weekend.  Please let Terry or I know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Kathy, here are the towns in question:   Westbrook - Westbrook Power and Light Leadyard - Interstate Power Ivanhoe - UCU Zone EF Milbank - NWPS  Thanks. Lynn 
 Can you double check and make sure there are no outstanding issues in either category for my group and let me know what you find out.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, there is nothing new from the scheduling business on TW and NNG.  Same as your last update.  Thanks. Lynn 
  FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, no problem.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheryl, right now I am planning on coming in Friday night, late since I could not get there Saturday morning.  So hope all works out.  If not I am sure I can find something to do on Saturday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Kim, looks good to me.  I am ready for you to send to Drew.  Thanks for doing this.  Lynn 
 John, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 We are in the process of calling customers to be sure they know the wire transfer has been changed. Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, this is a very good report.  Would you please add Steve January, Gary Spraggins, Mike Bodnar and Terry Kowalke to the list.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Glen, I had a conversation with Pat Davidson (SoCal) yesterday.  Things have been going smoothly, because SoCal has not been calling any OFO days.  She felt like we would not have an issue until spring and at that time, there is an expectation that SoCal could be calling more OFOs.  We agreed to continue talking, but that does not resolve the issue completely.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sheila, just an FYI.  This is the spreadsheet for ENA on NNG, plus some major interconnect info.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Fyi.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, did we get Dave and Chris' second request done?  If not maybe John could work on it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Here is the update from the last meeting we had on the TW OBA issues and possibly making some TW imbalance filing changes.  We are to meet next week to review the information that has been gathered and consider our next steps.  Thought we could discuss on Friday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Glen, thanks for the quick turnaround.  Lynn 
 I am available.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I agree we need to put this posting out.  Thanks. Lynn 
 What are your thoughts on this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, what did you do with this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, would you please work with Richard and have him do the same process you have done with NNG.  Thanks for everyone's help.  Lynn 
 John, can you work with the Jean Adams and let's get this resolved?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Ava, please set up a meeting with the following people:  Shelley Corman Rick Dietz Elizabeth Brown Terry Kowalke Lynn Blair  Timing:	This week - One hour - Make it towards the end of the week  Topic - Status of the reports on the FERC requirements on the California Marketing reports on Transwestern's pipe.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I had vacation December 6 and December 10 and planning on the 14th, depending on how Thursday goes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:  MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147) IES - 87 stations Interstate Power - 6 stations Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations  In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send us updates on the following information ASAP:  1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.  2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding  3.  Provide status of November chart information.  Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices. As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.  We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Larry, who would be two consistent people on each team to cover, Thursday, Friday, Monday and Tuesday? Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can we do this same report for November.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Menu for people working Christmas.   Honey smoked Turkey Scalloped Potatoes (Steve) Green Bean Casserole (Lynn) Fruit Salad - (Lynn) Vegetable Tray	(Randall's) Bread (Randall's) Pie 
 Mike, what projects do we have going on in the Business Objects report?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary, FYI.  Just wanted to pass this on to you.  Also we will put you on the list so each month you will know how much we are billing or if we are billing at all.  Hope this helps.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Dan, here is the latest list.  I just sent it to you since Randy and LD = already have it.  We have =09a call into John Stern about the columns and which ones to use (you prob= ably already know the =09answer to that).  Thanks Lynn 
 =09John, I am not as smart as you are.  I did not know the Hexanes are C6+.= Thanks for the education. =09Lynn 
 Donna, in talking with Larry Stuard, he can give us a demonstration on the new blackberry devices if Jean does not have time.  Just thought I would throw that out there if there is an interest.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI - The column "Hexanes" is the C6+ column to review.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Would all of you be available to meet in my office tomorrow (Thursday) at 9:00 a.m. to talk about the morning report for storage that we do each day.  I would appreciate your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I apologize, but I need to reschedule this meeting for next Monday morning at 9:00.  Does that work for you guys?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Do you know what this is about?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerry, Penny, Steve and Gary, we can meet in my office to dial into the conference call if you like.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, sorry I am so late in sending this back.  Looks great to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jerry, Penny, Steve and John, you can use my office to make the call.  I will be out this afternoon but John Buchanan will sit in for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry and Gary, is this shortage helping the existing imbalance?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jodie, FYI.  You need to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, attached is the first draft for the plan to talk with the reps for all three pipes on Wednesday. This will be a two phase approach.  We (Sheila, Fran and I) will talk with the teams on Wednesday reviewing a high level plan.  Then we will put the teams into groups to talk about 5 topics we picked from the NNG meeting. Then we will follow up with Donna to develop a training plan.  Fran and I are meeting again tomorrow (Tuesday) at 3:30 if you want to join us or have comments.     Thanks. Lynn 
  Transco/Williams says the $700,000 they owe NNG has been processed and should be wired by Tuesday.  We will let you know if anything changes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can you followup with Joe to be sure all the basis are covered.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry, I am fine with working off the imbalance because I think it is helping Gary and Steve, but I want to be sure it does not go the other way.  Please watch and let me know when we net to zero (0).  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sherry does it matter that 12/23 is on a Sunday?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  We are in the process of determining who will be the auditors in the future since that is a requirement in a regulated environment.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, thanks for your quick reply.  Lynn 
  John and Terry, can you work with the teams to get Shelley's name off of the daily update list.  She is trying to minimize emails she gets on her blackberry.  If you can think of any other lists, let me know. (What about the Bushton info, is she on that list?)  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thanks for the update.  Please let me know when you have info on the other information and the status of November.  I appreciate all your help. Lynn 
  Terry, if you get this message in Steve's staff meeting, please tell him Rick has the list of Capacity release and Agency agreements with ENA that make up the $553,000 Nov. invoice.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Joe, I believe you were on comp day for commodity close.  Was there something you had planned and not able to be here for close?  Since you are becoming very critical to accuracy of invoices sent out with your added duties, I was concerned that you were not hear?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to let you know, Shelley is trying to minimize emails she gets to preserve space on her Blackberry.  But wanted to keep you in the loop in case you needed to send her something.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sounds good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
   Attached is the outline used for Stan's meeting this morning.  You can just update information as it is your turn to attend his staff meeting.  Stan will NOT have a staff meeting next week, December 24th.     If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Chris, I only got info on the Mid Am Oct. charts.  I talked to Gary again yesterday and ask for more information.  Hopefully I'll have something today.  Have you already sent your letter to Alliant?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Great job.  Thank you for staying with this.  I know you guys are up to the challenge to keep it at zero (0) to the end of the month.  Thanks.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Erin, thank you very much for your assistance in this effort.  We appreciate your quick turnaround.  Thanks. Lynn  Lynn Blair Northern Natural Gas Co. Gas Logistics Phone: 	(713) 853-7637. Fax:	(713) 646-8000 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I don't have any vacation planned.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jean, I believe you were out of the office on commodity close.  Who was reviewing the stack of reports on your desk?  Did we properly have the bases covered with you out?  Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Raetta, can you follow up on the Flowing gas reports.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, thanks for the update.  Please keep us posted as we complete the PPA's.  I appreciate your help on this effort.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Are you up to speed on this?  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Chris, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sue, we have looked at an automated way to take care of this issue.  So far we have not found an exceptable change.   It is a timing issue with true ups from the previous day which are not completed before the current day calcuations are done.  It is an item we are manually monitoring today, but we are continuing to look for a better method. Thanks.  Lynn 
 Mike, enjoyed the visit in Omaha.  See you in January.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Lou, Gas Logistics (Shelley Corman's Group) performs the following services. Where do these fall in your list of services in the Service Agreement? Transportation Contract Services Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling Services Gas Accounting (Billing of Transport) Commercial Support of Systems (working with the IT group) Gas Control (this was included in your list) If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn (Ext. 3-7637) 
 Vernon, the way the accounting system works today:  Dec. 1 - 20 flow will be attributed  to the contract that nominated at that point for the 21 through 31.  This automaticall happens if there is no OBA at the point and if there is only one contract nominated at the point.  If we do not want that to happen, we need to discuss our options. Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, I would like to give all four tickets to Cynthia for this round since you will be spending time with Duke next week at the Winter Ops meeting. Will catch you on the next round. Cynthia come by and get the tickets.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debra, I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation. Did we have the proper coverage to get CMS allocated volumes in GVA reviewed as we needed.  Just wanted to follow up.  I would be glad to visit with you about this if we need.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  We finally found the right person in the KN Energy organization for the 18 dth Carlton Obligation.  KN will nominate today for Gas Day 26th going forward.  We told KN that they will have a penalty of $25.00 per dth for each day they did not nominate.  18 dth x 25.00 = $450/day x 3 days = $1350.  We also told them we have been leaving messages since Saturday.  We left messages at 3 different offices.  KN admitted to seeing the posting but "did not understand" the obligation and they did not call for clarification.  If you have any questions, please let John (Ext. 7429) or I (Ext. 7637) know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Rick, here is Jodie's Mid Year review.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dari, looks good to me.  Harry, do you have any comments?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI. Thanks. Lynn 
  Team, I would like for you to review the attached Shipper assignment list.  With Renee leaving and Pat still on a learning curve, I wanted to throw out some possibilities and get your input.  I did not spend a lot of time on interconnects, so you may want to look at those closely.  I did talk with John, Terry, Raetta and Larry for input.  Please review, discuss and set up some time to visit with me about your comments.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, what is the status of these todo's?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry and I agree.  The 567,546.5 is the same number we came up with.  Thanks. Lynn 
 John, thank you for the update.  Sheila, just an FYI to keep you in the loop on working from home issues.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Karen and Shirley, great update message.  Thanks for being proactive and putting this out for us.  Lynn 
 I'll call Dari and have her put the rounded number in.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Rick, I am changing my mind again on the SGA conference (typical woman) Call me.  Lynn (713) 853-7637 
  Here is Cynthia's Mid year.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, MaryLou does NOT get differential pay.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, that will be fine.  Let's be sure we get the SGA squared away today. I have a doctor's appointment this morning.  I will be back by 10:30.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I want to remind everyone when NNG calls on the Carlton Resolution, we can NOT allow ANY deliveries at Carlton.  At each cycle, please be sure you monitor any deliveries at Carlton and let Steve, Gary or Darrell know if you see any nominations.  At that point Carlton Deliveries should be allocated to zero (0).  If you have any questions, or we need to discuss further, please let me know. Thanks. Lynn 
  Stan and Danny, here is a recap of activities in Gas Logistics this last week including Gas Control activity.  I will send you an update again on Wednesday (Jan. 2).  Have a great weekend.     Please give me call if you have any questions.  (Ext. 7637) Thanks. Lynn 
 Good job of staying with this.  Thanks for all your help.  Lynn 
  John, attached is Chris' review.  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 In talking with Fran we need to have Written Reviews to HR by COB January 2, 2002.  The reviews do not need to be signed by either party.  We can start communicating reviews to the employees at any time.  But there should be no discussion on bonus or merit until they are finalized on or around January 18.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, thanks for the note.   Please give me a call and let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Meoldy and Chris, thank you for your help on this matter.  It was very important to us to have Outlook until 11:00 p.m.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, Dari said she would make the letter 8,625.  Thanks. Lynn 
  John and Terry, could you check into having a Business Objects report done for all groupings with the following information.   Previous Cyclce Nomination	Current Nomination	Confirmation	Schedule  Confirmation piece is not critical if that prolongs getting the report.  The reason for the report  - Gas Control needs to know what changes have taken place and this will prevent the teams from doing a manual report.  If we already have access to something similar to this, let me know.  I would like to be able run this report during cycle.  (I think I am probably asking for the moon), but that would be the best time for Gas Control.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Rick, FYI.  I am concerned about the expectation from Marketing vs. what we can accomplish before January 1.  Are you OK with the way all the emails are going back and forth? Would you have some time this morning to discuss?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Please restore the below referenced file as requested.  If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-7637. 
 FYI.  thanks. Lynn 
  Delaine Kurth with Oneok called today and wanted an OBA at the (Skellytown) Cargray Plant (POI 8442) effective 1/1/2002.  After talking with Vernon, I told her that we would draft an OBA on Wednesday with Month to Month cash out language in it.  She said to send her the contract and she will run the traps.  She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement. I told her if we could come to agreement we would make it effective 1/1/2002.  If we could not come to agreement, we would continue the same methodology as we have today, which is Oneok picks one of the transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances.  Karen, per our conversation, please draft an OBA to send to Oneok.  If anyone has any other thoughts or comments on preparing this OBA, please let Karen or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Just a reminder, we are planning a TW Imbalance meeting on Thursday, January 3, 2002 in 42C2 at 8:30, right after the NNG/TW morning meeting.  Richard will bring updated reports for us to review.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve and Shelley, I thought you both would be interested in seeing the attached.  This document came out of the meeting yesterday on Bushton.  Thanks. Lynn 
  After further investigation here are the facts as of today (Monday) on the UCU SBA issue:  1.  UCU nominated 20,000 dth on their SBA contract  2.  UCU reduced there Carlton transportation by 10,000 dth  3.  Kathy is checking all of UCU's contracts to see if overall they:  a.  Reduced deliveries b.  Increased Receipts elsewhere to make up for the Carlton reduction  We will have an answer by the morning meeting on Wednesday.  Have a great New Years Eve and be careful.  Thanks. Lynn 
 After talking with Robert, we have an Accounts Receivable issue with Oneok for approx. $99,000. Rick and Robert have tried to resolve this issue with Oneok, Kinder Morgan and NNG.  We might want to consider that this has to be resolved before we agree to an OBA at the point. 
 Ava please print and give to steve to briing to omaha.  Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Just to let you know what Border sent out.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I want to thank all of you for your efforts yesterday to help our customers get their business taken care of on the Enron pipes.  It looks like we will be in the same mode of operation at least through this morning.  Please make every effort to contact your customers and let them know they can get into Hottap through URL:  www.hottap.enroncorp.com  If they are having problems accessing Hottap, give them the pertinent information they need to do their "next cycle" business (ie. schedule quantity info).  Let's be proactive and help the customers through this frustrating time.  I also appreicate everyone staying around until 6:00 last night.  It is good to work with a group that is willing to help out where possible.  Also, Toby thanks for your "hours" of work on sending out the emails to our customers to let them know what our plans were.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI 
  >>We are keeping this candle burning for all the people >>& their families who were in the planes, buildings and >>anywhere near the explosions today. May God be with them >>and help them through this terrible time. >>God Bless >> >> >>Keep The Candle Going >> >>     I asked God for water, he gave me an ocean. >>     I asked God for a flower, he gave me a garden. >>     I asked God for a tree, he gave me a forest. >>     I asked God for a friend, he gave me YOU. >> >>     "There is not enough darkness in the world to put >>     out the light of one candle." >> >>     The Candle of Love, Hope and Friendship >> >>                          () >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                          | | >>                       ------- >> >>     This candle was lit on the 11th of September, 2001. >>     Someone who loves you has helped keep it alive by >>     sending it to you. >> >>     Don't let The Candle Of Love, Hope and Friendship >>     die! >> >>    "A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle" 
 Ava, LA was Socal mtg. San Fran was Interconnect mtg Omaha was mtg on Bushton and SLA mtg,. Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have jury duty but John or Terry can attend for me. Thanks Lynn 
 John please send this to Shelly Thanks Lynn -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI.  Wasn't sure if you saw this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Lynn 
 Michelle, it was so good to hear from you.  I definitely want to stay in touch.  Next time you are in Houston, please let me know and we'll get together.  I am glad you are surviving your new earrings.  They are a lot of fun once you adjust to them.  Those dangling pieces can be tricky!!.  Take care and look forward to seeing you in the future.  Lynn 
 http://home.ets.enron.com/dms/ViewReport.asp 
 Penny, if you have to do the 8th, John Buchanan will participate for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I received a call from Laura LaPera with PG&E scheduling.  She and two other schedulers will be in our office Wednesday moring, November 7th from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. to meet all of you.  Ava, would you please put a map together showing PG&E how to get from the Galleria area to the Enron Building.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Robert, attached is the PAA form you can fill out and send to me to submit.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Rick, no problem, I think it would be good to have at least one of them = there. =09Thanks. Lynn 
 The meeting is 1:00 in 4254 (my office) on Thursday, Nov. 1.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Terry is working with Elizabeth and Ramona to pull together the information required.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, would you please print this presentation in color for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Jodie and Raetta, I am giving a presentation to Measurement to review Gas Logistic's functions and interactions with other departments.  I would like for both of you to attend this meeting if possible.  The meeting will be November 14, 2001 at 1:00 p.m.  Gary, I am assuming you are getting a room in the Three Allen Center?  Please let me know if you would like to get a room in the Enron Building.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, what about Florida?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Good point.  Thanks.  Should we tell HR that so they are straight on what each company is doing? Just a thougt.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Could we possibly make it at  2:00 on Tuesday?  That would work better for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Yes, we will reschedule Team Leader Meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Sue, I think it would be very good to invite the people below.  We may want to talk about a modified version in the future for the rest of the teams.  The only other person we might invite is Mike Bodnar just because I have him as the point person with Chris on the third party storage.  If possible I definitely want to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Wanted to pass on the presentation SoCal gave at the Nov. 18th meeting in Los Angeles. If you have any questions, I would be glad to visit with you about the contents.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Toby, here is the next file to post.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, sounds like good customer relations to me. Appreciate your help on tlhis issue.  Lynn 
 Steve, FYI.  Thought you would like to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pilar, count me in.  This meeting is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on.  If something comes up tomorrow, please don't hesitate to page me.  We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations on the TW Customer meeting.  Thanks. Lynn  1.  Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the existing requirements  2.  Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren to ensure all departments (Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics) have the same procedural understanding  3.  TW Customer Meeting - Met with Ava today and everything is in order except for you and I deciding who is presenting which topics.  4.  Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - Jodie Floyd Jodie, Mary Darveaux and Frank Semin are putting together recommendation. Steve and I are working with Jodie.  5.  Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - Mike Bodnar/Chris Greaney are working with Theresa, Reyna and Transok. Purchase for three days (Nov. 2, 3, 4) for a total of 50,000 mmbtu.  6.  EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - Mary Draemer  7.  Aberdeen allocations - Steve and I have been working with Jo Williams and North team  8.  LSP overrun issues - Mike Bodnar/Kent Miller/Tim Johanson  9.  TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb  10. SLA Settlement - Steve and I working with Steve Kirk and Mike McGowan  11. Beaver Assets Sale - Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group  12. Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux  13.  Demarc Presentation to Virginia Power - I am working with Vernon Mercaldo (11/6/01)  14. Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting  15. Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke 
  I will be out of the office tomorrow, Friday, November 2.  Remember John and Terry are both out as well.  For any scheduling issues please contact Mike Bodnar or Steve January.  Larry and Raetta will be available also. If needed, I can be reached by my pager (800-504-6138)  I will be on call this weekend.  Don't hesitate to call if you need something.  Have a great day, and I will see ya'll on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Guys, very good notes for the weekend.  Appreciate the comments. It helps alot when preparing Shelley for the Monday morning (Stan) meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 
  On TW, TW allocated SoCal on the ID2 cycle for Sunday's gas day, due to SoCal non performance. We cut about 27,000 mmbtu.  The Sequel 2000 conversion on the reports went well.  Brad's team was here to help Sunday morning and I believe that made things go smoother.  There were a few isolated situations which were turned around quickly.  Otherwise it was quiet on the pipes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Please plan on attending this meeting for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, I am on vacation those days, so it would probably be OK.  But before we decide, let me know who would be here to cover for you during that time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, I think we got them figured out?  I do have a questions you proabably can answer real quick Thanks for the help.  Give me a call when you have time on Monday (today).  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.  John can let us know what is going on.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Pilar, I have another meeting at this time, so I will not be able to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Richard, what is our next step?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, are you aware of this?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Steve and Audrey, here is the information on the Customer Meeting.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Martha, I would rather give the teams access to the Dashboard.  John Buchanan will be back in the office Wednesday.  You can coordinate with him and Terry Kowalke to get everyone set up.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I do not think it is necessary to have another letter to Oneok from Harry.  Hopefully they get the message with this letter.   Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Debbie, here are the two slides for my presentation.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 I have a conference call with Delaine at 3:15 today on Strangers Gas.  She is to give me Mike Belcher's phone number.  He is the person coordinating all the condensate issues.  If we send a letter I would send it to Terry Spencer and reference Mike Belcher. If you need more, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shelley, after talking with Ramona, we need to change Slide 6 to say:  Invoice and Measurement statemenst added to website  Imbalance statements will not be added until next year.  I will talk about this in my presentation. Thanks. Lynn 
  Vernon, Gerry, Raetta and Steve, here are the questions and answer as I recall from the conference call today.  Please let me know of any changes or corrections and I will make them then send to Virginia Power.    Greg, here are the questions and answers that we promised you from the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.  1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?  Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount or volume lower than scheduled amount (2) RANK changed to a different number  2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out?  Answer - Tariff Sheet 267.D & E (Raetta, so you agree?)  3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation?  Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only two points in the group  4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing?  Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery IS included in a demarc allocation because the transport tied to this storage nomination is physically coming from the field to the market area. (Greg we may not have been clear on this comment on the conference call) 
  Shelley, do you still want the report Terry is doing each Monday for the TW SOCAL and West of Throeau numbers.  We started this report after switching to allocations before confirmations so we could track any possible "holes" in the pipe.  So far the new process is working well and we were thinking about discontinuing this report unless you need it for Stan's meeting?  Remember we give you the Socal Window and scheduled volumes as well as the west of thoreau scheduled volumes on the weekend notes.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 =09Alicia, thank you very much for the invite, but I will not be able to ma= ke it.  I know it =09will be fun time for everyone.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Joanne, thank you very much for the invitation, but I will not be able to attend.  I know everyone will have a good time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Just a reminder.  Also, Ava, please help watch my phone during this time frame.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, I do not see any overlap.  Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Just to clarify Britt's comments.  Harry is using NNG's numbers for total imbalance.  To split the imbalance among the third party shippers, we will continue to use Oneok's allocation of actual volumes.  The variance between Oneok and NNG will go to the Oneok imbalance to tie to NNG's ultra sonic measurement.   Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, I would appreciate any comments or feedback on the attached.  I am trying to formulate my thoughts to be positive and get our message across.  Donna helped me put some info together. Now I need your thoughts.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the questions and answers that we promised you at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.  1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?  Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount or volume lower than scheduled amount (2) RANK changed to a different number  2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out?  Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E  3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation?  Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only two points in the group  4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing?  Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery IS included in a demarc allocation because the transport tied to this storage nomination is physically coming from the field to the market area. (Greg we may not have been clear on this comment on the conference call) 
 Wednesday has a lot of meetings for Gas Logistics.  How about Tuesday, November 13 at 1:00 p.m.? or Thursday, November 15, any time.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Thursday, 1:30 works for me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Should we discuss before answering Greg?  My answers are in the blue.  I appreciate any feedback. Thanks. Lynn 
 John, FYI.  If you can attend that would be great.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Gary, any comments you want to add?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October, 2001. If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know.  Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed before volumes go to park and ride. Thanks. Lynn 
 OK, after talking with Gerry, here is my second try at answering Greg's question trying not to get to detailed.  What do you think? 
 Let me try this answer:  A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Def. is a part of the Demarc allocation.  When we look at a storage allocation, we review all the injections (or withdrawals) at the storage point.  Don't hesitate to edit my comment.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jo, I apologize.  Your right.  The imbalances are short to the pipe.  To be sure we are all on the same page.  All the deliveries off of NNG on this report took more gas than scheduled and the receipts gave us less than scheduled.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, let's work on how we cancel things.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Greg, I answered your questions in blue.  Please let me know if you need more clarification. Thanks. Lynn 
 Really a short position not long. 
 Cara, I hope you surgery goes well.  Very good memo on keeping the team and management informed.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Ava, let's discuss changes I need for my presentation tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Harry, have you seen this?  Are you familiar with the info? I have a meeting at 3:00 with Dan Fancler, Tracy and Steve Weller on the EPPI issues.  Just wondered if you have any detail on this attachment I need to understand?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Should we be talking about make up when we are allocating Belleville?  I had a question from Alliant, "You, NNG and ANR both have room to deliver gas to ANR, even though you are doing an allocation, why can't you schedule more delivery at ANR?  Wouldn't that help the system?"  I think it would be hard to explain that we are doing make up, allocating and NOT letting a shipper increase deliveries all at the same time.  What do you guys think?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Greg, following are the questions you asked and my answers.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. (713-853-7637).  1.  Number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deferred get allocated during the same cycles as Demarc?  Answer:  Yes  2.   Seems unlikely since Demarc Deferred is a storage point and storage is allocated at a different time?  Answer:  A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Deferred is a part of the Demarc allocation. When NNG looks at a storage allocation, we review all the injections (or withdrawals) at the storage point.  The two referenced allocations are done seperately, but during the same cycle.  3.  If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deferred where would our customers pull from?  Answer:  Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Deferred  4.  The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc or Demarc Deferred?  Answer:  Demarc Deferred  Hopefully this helped.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Frank, where are we on the review you were heading up after our conference call with Dave and Measurement?  Looks like more and more customers are questioning our numbers. If there is anything we can do to help you out, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, I am covered as long as you or Jodie are attending.   Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, let me know what kind of feed back you get.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Audrey, put me on the list.  I plan on attending.  Thanks for the invite.  Lynn 
 Lori, please coordinate any testing for the Customer teams for NNG and TW with Mike Bodnar. Thanks. Lynn 
 fyi.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Shirley, I have forwarded your message to John.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thought you guys might be interested in this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Frank, thank you for the update.  I would like to attend this meeting.  Also I added Jodie and Steve on here, because they are very interested in the discussion as well.  I hope that is OK.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mary and Dari, here is my answer.  Are you comfortable with it before I send it to the shipper.  Thanks. Lynn  Answer:  If an interruptible shipper is bumped in the Intraday 1 cycle, the shipper will keep 1/3 of their scheduled volumes. Shippers schedule becomes their actual unless they are the operator of the point.  Therefore, they would not encounter a DDVC penalty.  If the Shipper is the operator, NNG looks at total scheduled volumes vs total actual delivered volumes and determines if a DDVC is appropriate.  The DDVC is based on the difference between total scheduled and the actual delivery at the point.  If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to give me a call. Lynn Blair (713-853-7637). 
 Mary, I am going to be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday of next week as well as Monday, November 26th.  Do you need me in the meeting?  If not John Buchanan can attend in my place.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Attached is a VERY HIGH level evacuation plan we can start with in the morning at 9:00 a.m.    Don't panic, bring your additions and improvements to the meeting and we can modify this plan.  I just thought we could start with this.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, here is a PAA I referenced that Donna and I  are recommending for Amy.    Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Please post the attached notice.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad and Donna, you have all of my employees covered.  Only change is Cynthia Rivers and Jacob conklin need to be under Sheila instead of me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Alma, please put me on thel ist to attend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Can you get this note to the people working next weekend.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Bob, you are correct in your statement.  But I want to be sure Koch understand when they nominate their receipt at Carlton of 2828 the delivery on that path will be 2828 less fuel.  Otherwise I agree with you statements.  I will be out next week, but Raetta is up to speed on this issue if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Mike, be sure we discuss this on Monday morning.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tim and Randy, how did the traning go?  Thanks. Lynn 
  Let's discuss again on Monday if we need to relook at hard coding the allocation based on discussions with Kent and Frank.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Fran, do you have an updated org chart that I could send to the Measurement group? Thanks. Lynn 
  Sharon, would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27, 2001.  Topic:	Restructure the information on the TW pipe for the morning meeting  Time: 	1 hour  Attendees:	Shelley Corman* Steve January* Darrell Schoolcraft Lynn Blair* Terry kowalke Dale Ratliff*  *Required attendance  Thanks for the help.  Lynn 
 FYI.  Wanted to pass on this information.  After working with Minnegasco to help them use Park and Ride as much as possible (considering we were allocating storage), the Minnegasco scheduler went into the system for Friday's gas day and changed their business between Intraday 1 and Intraday 2.  This caused cuts through Demarc and Mid 17.  We tried to help as much as possible and keep the same rules we have with all other shippers. If you have any questions, please let me know.   Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Jean, here is a blank PAA form to fill out if you have someone you want to recognize. Please fill out the form and send to Steve and John for approval since I will be out of the office until next Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Shelley, here is a first review of the document to the employees.    Thanks. Lynn 
 Brad, looks good to me.  I really appreciate you getting these done.  Thanks. Lynn 
  Sharon, would you please set up the following meeting for me to be held after  Tuesday of next week.  Topic:	Review of process for testing model office and production  Time Frame:  1 hour  Attendees:	Brad Holmes Maggie Matheson Ramona Betancourt Hasan Kedwaii John Buchanan Terry Kowalke Sheila nacey Jim Studebaker   Thanks. Lynn 
 Terry, I would like for you to attend as well.  Thanks. Lynn 
  I will be on vacation Tuesday, November 20 through Monday, November 26.  I will be back in the office on Tuesday, November 27th.  John and Terry are in the office all week and Terry is on call for the holiday weekend for scheduling issues.  Terry and Steve can get a hold of me over the holidays if needed.  For accounting issues, Raetta and Larry will be in the office Tuesday and Wednesday, with Raetta taking a half day vacation on Wednesday.  All of you have a great Thanksgiving with your families.  I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn 
 FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Debra, thanks for your reply.  Are you comfortable now that you can perform this function instead of Raetta if Jean is gone?  Does Jean need to have more specific instructions to cover Transok that specifies the timing for putting the allocations in the system?  Thanks. Lynn 
 Tim and Mike, would it be appropriate to have Mike call Bill and get specifics from him?  Then we can do a conference call to explain the cuts?  Just a suggestion.  Thanks. Lynn 
 Don, this is great.  This report was a big hurdle for us.  I will check with the team on how it is working.  Thanks for all your support as we go forward in our Business Objects training. Thanks. Lynn 
