here and at home so timing is everything for me these days.  Lunch is out of the question.  So we are looking at drinks or dinner. the week of the 20th is better.  The week of the 25th is not going to be easy cuz it is settlement week.  Pam is doing fine.  Still looking for a job.  Hopefully something will happen soon.  She had mentioned that you wrote a note,  I guess I got the impression she had replied.  She is a little stressed in trying to get things settled in her life so just give her some time. 
 All is fine with one exception.  Do not set up a product for the columbia mainline     Thanks 
 You know i will do anythint i can to help. 
 spoke with Jeff this morning he doean't know these guys .  sorry - good luck 
 WOW that was very powerful.  thank you for sharing this with me.    it makes me want to make a few changes to my life,  thank you have a great weekend maybe we can go to dinner late nexr week 
 you are most welcome.  take care of yourself and your babies. 
 thanks 
 Wanted to say Hello.  I must tell you I miss you, I don't have anyone to shake my head at anymore. Hoping all is well with the new position.  Also wanted to thank you for calling Pam I do appreciate that .  There are  plans are for my husband and I to meet some friends of yours this weekend.  We are getting together with the Schnitzers and they have invited the Kushnicks . Jon and Susan really enjoy them and have wanted to introduce us for some time now. Looking forward to the introduction.    Again,  I hope the job is treating you well.   Best Regards, Sandra 
 i dont book these trades 
 thanks for the information - you know us traders always looking for more info. 
 not completed he didn't have the chance today.  I was unable to close a Excell spreadsheet for me to install the memory 
 Thank you very much for the invite .  However I will not be able to attend 
 great joke i laugh out loud - the massage was great    the best of luck to you i will say a prayer for your 
 my im is sandra brawner 
 i cant believe he said that - my IM is sandra brawner  creative right!! 
 thanks - did it last week 
 you are such a shit... and yes i don't like you today!! 
 I understand completly - these transactions are going through Enron Online - I have NO control on these trades if the customer has gotten approval from EOL.  Thank You 
 I thought you would really apprecaite this.... 
 Big Smile -  Well I guess if I had to be honest he is unique in the market place.   I found him very interesting and confusing all at the same time. It would be nice to have a beer one day and catch up on old times.  Take care 
 Hi Ragan,  I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain - ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know). How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch - 
 I am sorry Ladies - But I cant see you guys this week. 
 Thanks for your note I always enjoy the reading.  and I also appreciate you taking the time to share your events with us.  Come by anytime for your montey>   Sandra 
 Thank you for doing  this . I am in Kim. 
 And --FYI I  Dont do pictures!!!! ever   - 
 Sure family walk - I get the message (finally) I will communicate with you via E-Mail.  (Smiling) I really dont know about my MOM's -  I am kinda playing around with the Idea of  hiring chef Wes and trasting them "special' ?? I dont know - what ideas do you have? 
 I know (Greg) but you gotta do what you gotta do. About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas do you have.  Neither of them are foo foo ish people.   I hope you and Ben enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful 
 hey I am sorry but I will not be able to attend - But you know I wish you all the best - goodluck - stay in touch 
 Susan I would love to  - but as usualy I cant - I have a Dinner Scheduled with Greg at APB Monday - and I am trying not to schedule more than one night per week for outings... Sorry - I really am - I would love to catch up - on your trip , on you , everything - Also - I dont want you to think that I am ever taking advantage of you - just like me know how much money I owe you for the Baby Basket. My house is still in working progress , but I got a few more things since you have been there, drapes , chairs, decorations, etc - and I LOVE IT- I cant wait to show you. And FYI   _ - I MISSED YOU - You can never never go away that long again. Can I call you this evening on my way home?  Or you going to be busy? 
 Your just a little jokester today - What do you mean "try and fit me in your schedule"     I will be there - and you will make the time for me -Because you have NO OTHER CLIENTS!!!!  thanks for the laughs i love you 
 You put a smile on my face with your message.... The reading material is no big deal - It is some Gas Rags story about Skillings comments. And your customer is completly happy with her trim - However , She (me) wants to be a regular client. 
 Hello Kenny,  Just a couple of things.  One our stock is up again today  now it is up 2 at 62$  I was wondering if we should sell some?  What is your opinion. Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market.  (I told Ya).  I know that Clayton has soccer tonight - dont worry about dinner , I would actually prefer some of that Turkey tonight.  I love you 
 Thank you for your comments. 
 Jeff, I needed to apologize for my inability to handle myself in more of a professional manner.  I thought I had moved on from being an emotional basket case , but as we found out, I haven't..  Again , please accept my apology.  I just need to move forward and stop reflecting on the past.  It is  so difficult when you have given your entire career for an organization that still doesn't see value in you.  But, that is my problem not yours.  In regards to your party , your right, I laughed at the invitation - (It is so Shankman)  - Sorry I will not be able to attend. But thanks for asking.  And lastly, Wes Walton how?  2001 Candy Apple Ferrari !!! 
 Hello Kenny,  Just a note to say Hello and that I love you .  I enjoyed yesterday afternoon.  And I also wanted to thank you for getting up early this morning and fixing my coffee and my slim fast.  That meant alot to me, more than you know.  Enjoy your day - I will see you after my hair appointment tonight.   Love and Kisses Sandra 
 April 8, 2001, 10:45PM  Learn the ins and outs of filing after mid-April deadline  By GARY KLOTT Tribune Media  For the many millions of individuals who have yet to file their 2000 income tax returns, there is no reason to panic.  If you need more time to file your return, you can easily get a filing extension.  And if you can't afford to pay your tax bill now, you can buy more time to pay up. While you may be subject to interest and penalties for payments made after April 16, you can put off the day of reckoning for months without fear that IRS collection agents will come after you. There is even a loophole in the law that will enable many individuals to get an extra month to pay up without being assessed interest or penalties.  Nevertheless, April 16 is a critical deadline for anyone who has yet to file his tax returns. You'll need to file either your tax return or an extension request by the deadline. And to avoid interest and penalties, you'll generally need to pay any taxes owed by April 16.  April 16 is also the deadline for making IRA contributions for 2000 returns and for making the first installment of quarterly estimated taxes for 2001.  Filing extension: If you'd like more time to file your return, getting a filing extension is simple. In fact, the IRS has expanded the options this year for obtaining a filing extension. You can now do it by phone, computer or mail.  The traditional way to get an extension is to fill out IRS Form 4868, "Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File U.S. Individual Income Tax Return" and mail it to the IRS by the April 16 deadline. If you're using tax-preparation software or a tax professional, you can file your extension request by computer. Or you can phone in your extension request by calling 888-796-1074.  If you owe the IRS money, another option for requesting an extension is to make the payment by credit card (American Express, Discover or MasterCard) on the Internet or by phone through one of the two companies the IRS has authorized for processing credit card payments. Details on the option are included in the Form 4868 instructions.  By making the extension request, the IRS will automatically give you four more months, until Aug. 15, to file your return.  You can get an extension for any reason. No explanation is asked for when requesting an extension.  But be aware that your extension request only gives you extra time to file your return, not to pay your taxes. To avoid interest and possible penalty charges, you must estimate how much you owe and make the payment with your extension request by the April 16 deadline.  Unable to pay: If you can't afford to pay your tax bill, you should at least file an extension request by the April 16 deadline.  Though you'll be subject to interest and possible penalty charges for late payment of your taxes, you'll avoid being hit with a late-filing penalty, which runs a steep five percent a month (up to a maximum 25 percent.)  Installment plan: If you still don't have the cash to pay your taxes by the time your extension runs out on Aug. 15, you can negotiate with the IRS to pay your balance due in monthly installments. You make the request for an installment agreement when you file your completed tax return using Form 9465, "Installment Agreement Request."  "Offer in compromise": If you can't afford to pay all you owe in taxes, even in installments over a period of years, you may be able to work out a settlement with the IRS. The IRS recently expanded its "Offer in Compromise" program, in which taxpayers in tough financial situations can offer to settle for less than they owe. Offers are submitted using IRS Form 656, "Offer in Compromise."  A loophole offers an extra month to pay up: If all you need is an extra month or so to come up with the cash to pay your tax bill, there is a way you may be able to get a short reprieve without being subject to interest or penalties.  All you need do is take the IRS up on its offer to calculate your tax bill for you.  If you're eligible for the offer, fill out your tax return, stopping short of computing certain totals, and send it in by April 16. The IRS will compute your tax and send you a bill for any tax owed. If you pay within 30 days of the notice, you won't be assessed any penalties or interest.  To take advantage of the loophole, your taxable income must be less than $100,000 and you can't itemize deductions. The full list of eligibility requirements and step-by-step instructions are contained in IRS Publication 967, "The IRS Will Figure Your Tax."  Retirement account contributions: If you hope to contribute to an Individual Retirement Account, the final deadline for 2000 tax-year contributions is April 16, even if you obtain a filing extension.  The deadline is more flexible for self-employed retirement plans. Contributions to Keogh or Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) plans can be made up until the due date of your return, which can be later than April 16 with a filing extension.  Estimated tax deadline: For self-employed workers and other individuals who need to make quarterly estimated tax payments to the IRS, April 16 also is the deadline for making the first installment for 2001. 
 Too Funny! 
 No problem really-  Glad I could help 
 I am out of town on monday and tuesday i am off (vacation day)   wednesday kenny is hunting so yea right now i can only go thursday .  But this is silly you and I and susan can get together the week after... Visit wtih your out of town friend. 
 Please sign me up for a space in the new garage. 
 i am confused---i thought you guys are coming over friday evening for dinner 
 Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck.  All this time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource, you decide we should have a drink and share a meal.  You guys will never cease to amaze me. 
 THOUGHT YOU WOULD APPRECIATE MY SITUATION HERE.   NOW YOU TELL ME - HE IS NOT MY FRIEND HE IS BROKERING ME FOR MY BUSINESS.  HE DID THIS NOW BECAUSE OF THE ENRON NATSOUCE DEAL.  RIGHT?   PLEASE BE HONEST - I TRUST YOU 
 thanks - that was funny 
 I don't remember who I used .  Let me look and I will get back to you. 
 Need you?  Why would we!    Smiling 
 Hey - I just checked my E MAils for the day.  Sorry to hear about the interview with AEP.  I really am quite surprised.   Did Kayvon say why they didnt want to give you an interview?   I believe your thinking correctly , you need to seriously consider the Balitmore job.  And dont forget there is that possiblilty with AGL in Houston.  Correct? 
 i would love to !!! thnks 
 NO I CALLED IT LAST NIGHT - EVEN WITH TOM THERE - I TOLD HIM TO MAKE SURE HE TOLD JON FIRST - SO I DIDNT HAVE TO TELL PAM - SO YOUR 'IT' SUSAN - TOM LOOKS GREAT AND SEEMS VERY HAPPY AND VERY MUCH IN LOVE - MY GUESS IS THAT BABIES WILL SOON FOLLOW HE EVEN TOLD ME WHEN AND WHERE HE PLANS ON ASKING HER "THE QUESTION"...CALL ME WHEN YOU GET THIS - SO WE CAN CHAT - I CANT CALL YOU REMEMBER - YOUR PHONE WONT TAKE MY CALLS FROM THE OFFICE 
 Thanks - I actually rec this one earlier this year - i thought it was funny.   I am understanding that you may be out of town alot in April.... Are you still planning to have a party for scott and allison?   If so do you know when yet?   I just curious so i can plan on a sitter.     have a great day sandra 
 Thanks for the laugh.  It was perfect.  And FYI "you" are the face i am holding under water. 
 Louis - Again as we spoke this morning - all these deals have ben transferred to Eric Bass.  ALl the "unwinds" should go through him. Thanks,    Sandra 
 Are her eyes blue or what?   She is beautiful,  congrats!  It has been nice getting reacquainted with you. 
 Good Luck - I hoped I helped - 
