 reason not to except they rotate out in a year. Maybe we could have them rotate to another group in RAC. We need bodies so my vote would be to take him if he passes our test. Rick 
 I'm in. Maybe we could form a committee so Mark could be on it. He could even chair it if he was up to it. Regards,  Rick Buy  Executive Vice President Chief Risk Officer and member of VP PRC Committee Enron Corp. 
 thats really below the belt 
 It has been unreal. Would like to catch up. I may need a job! Looks like UBS has bought our trading operation which includes me for the moment anyway. Hope all is well on your end. Rick 
 I think it would be best if we sent a team to you office for a day or two. If we did it here it would be difficult to get people's attention for anything other than a minute. Let me know your thoughts. Rick 
 I didn't realize everything was here. Lets set a date and get after it. Rick 
  fyi, rick 
  fyi, rick 
 probably not worth the time. i think it is kind of a rehearsal. rick 
  Do you guys think these meetings are still necessary? Rick (I don't) 
  fyi- we need to discuss, rick 
 I left Skilling a message on this. Lets see what he has to say. Rick 
 Rudi- I still have a hard time visualizing the risk here, other than pure dilution, which I guess we care about. There must be a way to communicate this issue graphically or with an example presented on a well thought out spreadsheet. If you (we) don't figure out a way to communicate the problem here we have no chance of winning the battle. Rick 
 I am out of office this week and will be unable to fill out questionaire. I have no personal transactions with any Enron entity. Hopefully this can wait until Monday. Rick Rick Buy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 We can help you interview. Bradford and Port can really help in this process but its best if you screen them first. As far as dates go we have an Enron BOD mtg coming up which totally consumes us. This meeting is in early May, so after mid April it starts to get crazy. It would be easier for me if you gave me a couple dates and I will see if we can accommodate. Rick 
   Spoke with Louise Kitchen on another matter but unprompted she mentioned she really valued the watch list work as well as the snapshot effort. She actually raved about the whole effort. Keep up the good work and let the group know it is valued. Now just do it faster and more efficiently so you  can do other stuff as well!!! Rick 
 thanks for checking- it is unusual that they post interest daily. rick 
 Shawn- thanks for info. We have done a lot on retail credit effort and should probably have a meeting to update everyone. I'll try to set something up. Rick 
  fyi,rick 
 Thank-you for your prompt response. R. Buy 
 fyi, pls review, tx, rick 
 Probably unnecessary to attend regularly from my point of view but I have no issue either way. I think it is a good idea to meet monthly with Causey. Rick 
 We have received a request to change UK power limit from $12.6MM VAR to $35MM. Quite sizeable but I spoke with Richard Lewis and he seemed convinced it was necessary. Do you guys agree? What if it were $20MM? Skilling will definitely ask why such a large increase so I need to have your full support. Rick 
 I believe the following series of emails is a colossal waste of time. Lets get risks into books, risk systems working, options valued and into books.It seems we are trying to build a race car when there are no roads. Rick 
 I'll attend in person. Tx Rick 
 I think they will get the point. Rick 
 This is the site. http://www.meredith-hd.com/bikeweek.htm   It refers to other sites. Rick 
  Attached is the list Karen gave me for the PRC members. Seems like a long list. Can we shorten?  If not I guess it is ok, it will just take longer and be harder to reach consensus. Rick 
 Better get after this quickly. Are we working on this already? Rick 
 This is a good article, on balance. Interesting how utilities have charged the highest rates. Tx, Rick 
 How does this list sound for committee.  Bradford Brackett Rohauer Carson Lowry Gorte Petersen Murphy Davies Herbelot Port Schultz Ruane Buy Heathman  Let me know. Tx. Rick 
 Good ideas. I want to meet with all groups soon to see how progress is going. Will start scheduling soon. Rick 
 Dick Foster is a consultant to the Board of Directors who works for Mckenzie. Each BOD meeting he wants to meet with a group and we are on the list. I talked to Rebecca Carter and suggested we present him the bank presentation and she thought that was a good idea. Please make yourself available for this. Ted - if you can stay an extra day it would be helpful but not essential if you need to get back. Let me know. Tx Rick 
  fyi 
 I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well.  I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.  Thanks, Rick 
 Probably can't on Monday. Have a great trip. Rick 
 Sally- got your voice mail as well. Don't want to create more meetings. Just had a total of three market risk people quit or transfer and each one said one of the considerations was they spent so much time on operational issues that they weren't developing as they should analyzing portfolio risk. I think it might be best if we have a meeting or two and see what issues are identified. It may be better to split in two meetings as you suggested. I need to hear what the nature of the problems are. Some I know like ees, metals, uk power but I think there may be some other fundamental issues that are hindering progress here. No need for you to attend. I will let you know what we come up with including if there are no issues at all! Rick 
 Recall that Jeff had several requests when we met with him. I asked you to write them down. Did you? Have we done all of them? Can you give me an update? Tx Rick 
 good 
  Why are we paying someone to do this? I think we should transfer Keith to credit full time and put his analysis capabilities to use. Rick 
 We have submitted your request for $30 million of UK Power VAR to the Board for approval. I thought about this issue a lot before doing so because I don't feel we are fully in control of the infrastructure there and a large limit can add to the danger. My understanding is that there is an IT and backoffice effort underway to improve this situation and it needs to have focus to complete. Please keep the pressure on over there to get the infrastructure where it needs to be. Thanks, Rick 
 Is this the deal you referenced at the exec comm (B) meeting ? Or is there another one. I asked my guys to check if we had seen deal. Rick 
 fyi, they forgot you! rick 
 My vote would be to initiate a claim, as I want to see if it works and how much hassle is involved. We should have a meeting to get everyone's view. I will get Karen to set up. Tx Rick (Karen- please set up a half hour mtg w/ Causey, Bill, Glisan and Jeff Hodge. Time sensitive so we need in next couple days. Tx Rick 
  Bill-I asked Joe to put this together. fyi, Rick. Fwd to Molly 
 thanks for the note. these events aren't cheap so it is nice to know they are worth while to some. rick 
 Be happy to spend some time with them. Am around all weekend if need be. Rick 
 these files are password protected. what is this for? rick 
 why? 
  fyi- rick 
 fyi 
 Blaise- I have distributed your resume internally to a couple places. We have no people needs right now, (just the opposite), but maybe one of the other groups does. Will let you know if anything pops. Rick 
  Since you are in charge of career development- I want to be President, soon= . Seriously, you should probably meet with me or some of the group leaders = in RAC so you have a clear picture (in case you don't) of what we do. I'd b= e happy to meet with you as would Dave Gorte. Let me know if this would be = valuable for you. Tx Rick 
 The city buys power? Has PA been downgraded due to dot com flops? Rick 
 Good job! Reserve is low, historically speaking. Rick 
 I will think about it. We are achieving the correct outcome here but the timing is off. Concentrate on Caulfield and Oman. Get Brown involved to make sure we get those guys. Use Ene options as a currency to entice them. Upside much better than Chase/JP. Just a thought. Rick 
 Ted, my comments are indicated below. 
 David- can you get w/ Sharon Sullo and provide this. Tx Rick 
 I am on the Board of Mariner and attended a Board meeting last week discussing company. They are looking as good as I've seen them since the inception of the deal. It might be a good time to consider selling. Probably still couldn't get it off at book but closer than ever before. Just a thought. (As if you didn't have anything else to do.) Rick 
 As with muni bonds, it is nice to be able to just raise taxes to cover your costs. (Unless you are the taxpayer). Tx for update, Rick 
 looks good to me. jeff may want to just sign deals quickly without explanation as he does often on dashes. rick 
  do you want to talk to this lady? i don't. rick 
 No interest in participating. As you can imagine Enron gets a large number of similar requests and I have adopted a policy of not cooperating, purely from a time management standpoint. Sorry, Rick Buy 
 Can you help here? Rick 
 I will look into this. Get back to you soon Rick 
  Can we discuss this? Rick 
 No, I already told her there was no interest at Enron. No need to pursue. Rick 
 I hate to ask you to make yet another trip. However, there is probably nothing more important right now given markets view of us as a trading company. ?Let me check w/ Despain on pulse here. Get back to you. Rick 
 Andy- I will be out of office until friday. My mother in law had a heart attack on new years day and I'm dealing with that but will be flying back thurs pm and in office friday. If big pig people want to talk to me specifically I'll meet with them at their office or whatever. Rick 
 EGM has the largest number of trading books in the company with over 500 active books and despite this you guys do the best job getting worldwide information to us in a timely and accurate fashion. (I wish I could get the rest of the company to this point). I'm told that the people referenced below have contributed in a big way to this effort. Thanks for the effort. Rick 
 Will be out of town. Thanks anyway. Rick 
 Heard back from Tim. Please plan on attending. Port, Bradford, you and I will attend from RAC. Moody's is having trouble with our loss of $694MM that I told them when they were here. We need to start pulling together explicitly why we lost so much in one day, what the var limits were that day and what has been the experience since then. Tx Rick 
 i would like more detail if we have it tx rick 
 David Port should be contacting you shortly. We are in a major revamp of the policy and limits etc. Has to be submitted for next Board Meeting. I don't think there is appetite for increasing overall risk in Enron (corp var) so the allocation becomes critical. Should be an interesting discussion. More to come. Rick 
 Were we involved in transaction? Did we run any numbers. Were we at the meeting with Skilling? Was corporate development involved? Who? Rick 
 tx, rick 
 thanks for heads up. i will let you know how meeting goes. rick 
 I can meet wed pm. Can you? Call Karen to schedule. Tx Rick 
 meeting was postponed because whalley going to london. need next week. tx rick 
 I am planning on being out all week. I will call in. I assume you will provide a number. Thanks, Rick Buy (Happy New Year) 
 looks good to me. rick 
 Is this who you were going to consult for? Rick 
 Looks fine to me. No comments. Rick 
 We seem to have resolved billing/account  difficulties. Would like to talk to you about setting up a system to manage cash so it can be in place and functional when I decide I have had enough of this place. Give me a call next week if you can. Thanks, Rick 
 Vlady- you may have to do this for me as I will be in NYC the day before with Moody's and there is a chance I will be delayed. We should develop what we want to say together so either of us can speak. Tx Rick 
  fyi,rick 
 Dave- we can act as a check on this. Be sure all underwriters are aware. Tx Rick 
  This looks great. Send it out. Rick 
 Just between you and I, I think there may be an issue here of a couple personalities. We can't have that in your group or mine. I'll watch carefully.  On the subject of timing, we should probably have a standard to shoot for. Time to read contract, run model, review results and communicate. I'll talk to Bill about this.  On the issue of the hotline, we do not have everyone trained in running models for EES deals. We are working on getting more people up to speed. Thanks,  Rick 
  Will you take a stab at this w/ Hughes. Rick 
 Louise- Any notion of amount of risk bidders are comfy with, both credit and market? I doubt anything specific has been discussed but have any ranges been thrown out. Hope all is well. Happy New Year. Rick 
 Jim- J Block was just a gas contract. At Enron, risk is controlled through one of two mechanisms: a book structure with approved limits and daily reporting of P&L or through a one off approval of a Dash. No risk should be taken on outside of these boundaries. Even though there is no capital, a gas contract contains market and credit risk and should be approved, providing it doesn't fit into a book. Rick 
  Lets discuss this. Rick 
 They need to post more cash. Let me know. Maybe a call to Cronin. Rick 
  Bill- fyi, Rick 
  Billy- would like to attend but will be out of town. Rick 
  more pressure. rick 
 I would like to attend this as well. Rick (Unless it would be disruptive) 
 do you guys think this is worthwhile? i think it might be interesting to see what others are doing. $75k rick 
  fyi, rick 
 Bill- can you attend a joint ews/ees coordination mtg on the 18th. Will be all day. Janet wants either you or I there but I have Spec Tech PRC that day. Can't delegate it. Rick 
  fyi, please send org chart, tx rick 
 Ted- I'm in New Hampshire. Will be to end of next week unless I get ordered back or fired. Hope all is well. Happy Holidays. Rick 
 yes, i may attend in the am before the prc. rick 
 Thanks for note. Sounds like good progress on people side. It seems, like many things, that a huge effort is followed by a period of nothing, but eventually the balls that have been rolling generate enuf  "mo" to make a difference. Rick 
 Thanks for note. I recall our conversation. I've had surgery but as you know the worry is did they get it all? Surface tissue of tongue on bottom right. This is so weird since I don't smoke or dip which are the primary risk factors. Thanks for your concern and I will let you know how this goes. I have found that information control is critical so please don't discuss with anyone. I go back to MDA in a month for follow-up visit (ultra sound of lymph nodes). Rick 
 OK but this is a tree and I want to focus on the forest. A few facts on this may be helpful to understand the forest. Also, be sure to coordinate with Ted on London stuff. Tx Rick 
 Lets cancel for the moment. Bring up at next staff meeting. Rick 
 Karen- please set up a meeting on this with Bill B and whoever he wants to attend. Next week if possible. Tx Rick 
 Tx, Rick 
 Thanks for note. I may need your help here as I won't be able to filter stuff as much as I usually do so if my guys are reviewing something that looks way off let me know.  Also, spoke with Pug re joint meeting and he nthinks we need 2 hours for it and probably won't be able to discuss international assets and lessons learned this time around.Is there anyway we can increase time for joint meeting to 2 hours, and have audit and finance as well? Pug really wants to leave adequate time to discuss limits etc. He also wants to be sure that all BOD feel they are invited. How do we do that? Rick 
 At least you know you are out of control. That is partial success. Thanks for note. Rick 
 looks ok to me-  rick 
 Scott- I discussed the sale of Mariner's deepwater assets with Dave Gorte and he confirmed that any sale would require both creditors committee and bankruptcy court approval prior to consummation of the deal. We don't believe there would be any issue with the sale. I hope this is consistent with your understanding. Rick Buy 
  Whats up with this comment?? Rick 
 i think i did this properly. any way you can check? rick 
 What is status of this? Rick 
 Maybe we need to rethink entire process. I haven't been totally comfortable with it anyway but it hasn't been high enuf on the list. Maybe after BOD mtg. Rick 
 Did this lady contact you? Rick 
 A great tool, launched from the right platform. We are definitely making progress around here. Keep it up. Rick 
 Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign focuses on making a difference to people severely impacted by the recent flood "Allison".  All business units and Corporate functions will be participating in a Day of Caring, teaming with the following United Way agencies: Jewish Community Center, YMCA, Neighborhood Centers, and Center for the Retarded.  The Corporate functions and EGAS employees' Day of Caring is on Wednesday, August 8, 2001, and we will be teaming with the Jewish Community Center to provide assistance to senior citizen meals-on-wheels beneficiaries.  Activities that will be completed that day include painting, yard work, landscaping, cleaning, and various home repairs.  The Jewish Community Center provides community services to individuals regardless of religious orientation.  These services include: childcare, youth development, summer day camp, meals-on-wheels and congregate meals to the elderly, health and recreation programs, dance, drama and music programs, refugee services and other community services.  The Jewish Community Center is responsible for providing approximately 40% of Houston/Harris County meals-on-wheels per day.  Funding comes from a combination of federal and state programs, the United Way and individuals.  I encourage every