w, Flagstaff is one of those areas where there is much environmental support to keep the area as pristine as possible and there does exist a number of environmental groups which use this as their agenda to keep development to a minimum.  I will forward to you a memo from David Roensch, team advisor in the Flagstaff area, of an article he found providing the active participation of the environmental groups in the Flagstaff area. Ive done some cusory inquiries as to land status and have polled the Bureau of Land Management, State of Arizona,  State Historic Preservation Office and the Forest Service which is the major landowner between Flagstaff and Phoenix.  I have not heard back from all of agencies as yet, but will let you know if there are any glaring environmental concerns or if there  appears to be trouble on the horizon.   John and I have briefly traded thoughts on this project and we would  like to take a more proactive approach  "up front" with regard to public participation and input prior to breaking ground.  Its hard to deal with public issues when construction is underway.  As for the $$$$$ for the environmental studies, you are correct in assuming that the existing portion of the project from Bloomfield to Flagstaff will require very little capital, as long as we limit and ensure our construction activities to the existing right of way.  Proceeding south from Flagstaff to Phoenix is where the initial expenditures will be the greatest.  Once the pipeline corridor is identified and staked, surveys will need to be completed for the following:   threatened and endangered plants and animals, archeology surveys for bones, artifacts, relics etc, noise surveys should this portion of the project require installation of horsepower.  The FERC will require an EIS (environmental impact statement) and environmental report to be conducted.  These activities include not only the environemntal issues but also things like socioeconomics, land use soils, geology etc.  Past consttruction projects has shown that third party involvement with this greatly expidites the process (John has eluded to this previously).  Due to the rough terrain and topography of the land south of Station 2 into Phoenix makes this project extremely hard to give an approximate dollar amount  for the environmental baseline surveys and permits to be completed as the entire proposed right of way (140 miles) from station 2 into Phoenix will need to be walked and surveyed by several people.  I would rather wait until we can identify on a map the corridor route and send out proposals for each of the surveys to be performed on the pipeline prior to giving a $$$$ figure. However, because you need something for a preliminary budget estimate, I would recommend an amount of $70,000 to 90,000  for the baseline environmental work and this might be a little light, in the event the surveys identify something.......please dont hold me too close to this number as it is a WAG contingent upon a number of variables that are relatively unclear at this time.  Having the pipeline corridor identified on a map will greatly assist in the environmental budgeting for this project. 
 Kevin, as promised, attached is the information that was found by David Roensch on environemntal perspectives in the Flagstaff area...... 
 George, Dave Cobrain of the NMED has verbally approved of the soil characterization work plan which you submitted to him for review and has said that we can begin work as soon as the plan is approved by the OCD.  I have not heard from Bill Olson of the OCD yet.  Dave was going to inform the OCD that their office has given approval of the plan and that this might expidite Bill's review process.  Ill let you know when I hear from the OCD. 
 Today I spoke with Jean Calhoun of the Arizona Chapter of The Nature Conservancy about the proposed Sundevil Pipeline Construction Project. She was very cordial and appreciative concerning Transwestern's proactive efforts to contact not only her office but all federal and state agencies  which may have jurisdictional lands impacted by the project.  Although the proposed route of the pipeline corridor has not been firmly established, she did offer some general, yet valuable information concerning the geographic area which exists south of Flagstaff into roughly northern Phoenix.  The area south of Flagstaff into Phoenix crosses of three major ecological regions identified by the TNC with major biological diversity of plants and animals.  The TNC has completed published studies on two of the regions.  The TNC has requested that should this project be apporved, these publications be used to assist in the environmental studies which will need to be completed prior to construction and approval by FERC.  To the south and east of Flagstaff is a sensitive portfolio consisting of the Verde River which is of ecologic interest due to the abundance of endangered fish and bird species which live in and around the area of the River.   This river could be impacted by the pipeline due to its meandering in a southwesterly direction across Arizona.  I have contacted other state and federal governmental agencies, in addition to the TNC, and all parties have expressed difficulity in assessing the environmental impact of a project of this magnitude without knowing the pipeline corridor route.  Part of this concern is due to the extensive and unique biological diversity of Arizona.  I think we will have a better handle on how we address the environmental concerns and opportunities when this piece of the puzzle is completed and also how much more specific and helpful the agencies assistance will be when identified areas are known. 
 The State of New Mexico has issued the settlement penalty for the turbine replacement issue at the P-1 C/S.  You may remember that the original amount levied against Transwestern in 1997  was $14,700.  After the Air Quality Bureau sat on this issue for more than 4 years, they reassessed the penalty to be $162,770.  I would like to get together and discus what our options are on this. 
 The Southwest Region will be hosting its 2001 environmental roundtable in Albuquerque, NM on October 16-17 at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza (505) 821-3333.  Room rates are $89.00 per night.  Each attendee will be responsible for his/her room reservations for the two day event.  The agenda for this roundtable will be sent out in the near future.  If you would like to be a speaker and give a presentation on a topic or product please send to my attention for possible incorporation into the program.  In order to hold a sufficient block of rooms, provide adequate roundtable space and accomodations,  your reply is required to my attention via emal or voice mail (505) 625-8022 by September 31. 
 As per your request, an environmental due diligence was completed of the assets and outstanding issues of Northwest Natural Gas Company (NWNG), a local distribution company  (LDC), with its corporate headquarters located in Portand, Oregon.  This  due diligence, which was conducted on August 7-9, 2001,  was performed to determine the environmental liabilities and exposures which may be associated with  NWNG and identify and evaluate the environmental risks associated with each issue.  A relative risk number between 0 and 3 has been assigned to each discipline to evulate the potential risk impact.  A rating of "0" indicates that there is no risk associated with this regulation or issue and a rating of "3" indicates a major problem or an issue that has a potential long term risk or exposure.  An approximate cost value has also been assigned to each discipline.   It is to be understood and explicitly stated that in the calculation of each cost, conservative estimates were used to determine a dollar value to repair, remediate or formally close each issue.  Presented below, by discipline, are the environmental activities which impact and affect NWNG.  The evualtion and written discussion of each disicpline is based upon the availability of records, documents and discussions with NWNG personnel.  Therefore, this summary report is limited to the availability of information presented.  General Pipeline Characteristics ;  This is a dry pipeline system.  No pipeline liquids are generated, only small volumes of compressor oils are collected. All cast iron pipe has been removed from the system.  There is still approx. 100 miles of steel pipe which will be repalced in the near future. The only location where horsepower and compression exists is at Mist Storage, and underground injection and storage reservoir (10.5 bcf storage capacity). this is a non Title V major source. NWNG is planning additional property acquisitions to increase their underground storage capacity. NWNG is planning a 60 mile pipeline construction project to begin in fall of 2002.  All environmental studies have been completed and sumbmitted to the agencies. Landslide hazards appear to be the biggest pipeline safety concern.  NWNG has completed a study to locate and identify high potential landslide areas.  Environmental Procedures Manual.   The NWNG environmental procedures manual appeared to be comprehensive and in a easily understood format.  The topics covered in the manual addressed all environmenatl issues that the company appeared to be involved with.  The manual addressed waste management, permitting,  disposal and environmetal stewardship.  There was also a written statement from management supporting and attesting to NWNG's commitment to enhancing and promoting a clean environment in all activities by NWNG. Risk: 0  Cost: $0  Notices of Violation (NOV)/Notices of Noncompliance (NON).   In a summary page provided by NWNG, a list of all state and federal agency actions against the company was available.  Although the company had received a few  notices (<10), they were of a very minor nature and involved mostly small recordkeeping and right of way issues.  There were no outstanding judgements, NOVs, NONs or pending agency actions or  issues to be resoved. Risk: 0  Cost: $0  PCBs.  In interviews with NWNG, they attested to the fact that they have never used PCBs on their pipeline and that PCBs have never been detected. Although NWNG is an LDC and receives its gas from Northwest Pipeline Company, the status of PCBs on the Northwest pipeline system  was unknown. Risk:  1  Cost: $0  Mercury.   Mercury was used on the NWNG system, but only in monometers and not in natural gas metering equipment.  A decision was made by environmental management of NWNG in 1986-87 to remove mercury manometers.  An investigation has never been initiated to determine mercury releases from broken manometers or potential mercury releases from old historic mercury containing equipment which may have been used. Risk:  1  Cost:  $3,000-$40,000  Onsite Disposal.  Other than the issues surrounding the manufactured gas plants, in interviews with NWNG's environmental management, they were not aware of any onsite waste disposal of any hazardous, toxic or non hazardous waste. Risk:   1  Cost:   undefined  Hazardous Waste.  There is only one location where hazardous waste is generated and this location is a service center where a small parts washer is used.  This site is classified as a conditionally exempt small quantity generator.  The remainder of the NWNG system is a non generator of hazardous waste. Risk: 0  Cost:  0  NORMS.  The environmental management of NWNG has stated that natrually occurring radioactive materials (NORMS) are not a problem in the pipeline system.  Tesing has not been completed to verify or confirm this, nor does NWNG have evidence to determine NORM status from Northwest  Pipeline Company. Risk:  1  Cost:  $500  Underground Storage Tanks (UST).  There is only one regulated underground storage tank (UST) remaining on the NWNG system (Albany), and this tank is in complance with the UST regualtions for monitoring, testing and recordkeeping.  All other underground tanks have been removed.  At one of the tank removal sites, there exists  an active remediation in progress.  Closure of this site is expected in the near future. Risk: 1  Cost: $500  LNG plants.  In interviews with NWNG environmental management, there are no histoirc or present outstanding environmental issues at the liquified natural gas (LNG)  plants.  The exception to this is a historic site of a manufactured gas plant (Linnton site) which underlies the LNG plant.  This issue will be addressed under the section of the Linnton Manufactured Gas Plant. Risk: 0  Cost:  $0  Manufactured Gas Plants.  NWNG owned and operated  a number of manufactured gas plants (MGPs).  Presented below are the MGP sites that NWNG owned or had operating interest in for which there are associated liabilites and risks.  Eugene Water and Electrical Board. The City of Eugene has determined that  a parcel of property within the city has been contaminated by   numerous responsible parties of which NWNG owned and operated a MGP during the time period of 1958-1976.  The Eugene Water and Electrical Board  (EWEB), which is the regulatory agency in Eugene,  has determined that the total cost to clean the entire area will be approximately $1,300,000, of which  the EWEB has indicated that NWNGs responsibility will be $93,750.  NWNG has offered to pay compensation damages in the amount of $70,000-90,000 to  be relaesed from all liability and damages associated with the contamination impacts to the City of Eugene.   The environmental management of NWNG  has stated that the EWEB has verbally and in principal agreed with the NWNG  offer of approximately $94,000. Risk: 1-2 Cost:  $94,000  Salem Site. According to NWNG management, this historic MGP site has been remediated and formally closed by the City of Salem, which is the regulatory agency with jurisdiction over this site.  NWNG has received endemnification and written closure from the City of Salem for this feature. Risk: 1   Cost: $0  Manufactured Gas Plant. This site, which ceased operation in the early 1900's, was dismantled and  abandoned.  From the time the facility ceased operations, untill the present, a railroad has constructed a steel rail bridge over the site and the City of Portland and constructed a city park. The site is  immediately adjacent ot he Wilammette River, a major perennial watercourse in Oregon.  There have been no soil, groundwater or river/ river sediment   studies  completed  to determine potential environmental impacts. NWNG environmental personnel have stated that the site was insured by Lloyds of  London.  The insurance policies were not available at the time of this due diligence to determine policy applicability and coverage amounts for this site. Risks: 2-3 Costs: 0-$300,000,000  Portland Harbor Superfund Site.  The Environmetnal Protection Agency has determined that the Portland Harbor, on the Wilammette River,  has received contamination of a sufficient nature and magnitude to warrent and classify the 6.7 miles of the Harbor as a Superfund site.  This superfund site extends for a distance of 6.7 miles and includes the Linnton and Wacker sites, originally owned by NWNG.  The EPA has designated approximately 69 primary responsible parties  which are directly or indirectly involved in the contamination of this section of the Willamette River.  NWNG has been identified as a contributing member to the contamination.  Linnton MGP/Wacker Site.   The Linnton MGP and Wacker Site, has 47 acres of water front exposure on the Wilammette River and is included in the  Portland Harbor Superfund Site.  The Linnton facility, which originally included the Wacker Site,  initiated operation in 1913 and ceased operation in 1956. During the operation of the  facility operation,  various organic coal tar wastes, comprised of light non aqueous phase liquids (LNAPLs) and dense non aqueous phase liquids (DNAPLs) were generated.  Characteristically these waste products include: polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), BTEX  and cyanide.  During the early stages of facility operation, these wastes  were originally directly deposited into the Willammette River, and then later, in 1941 unlined ponds were constructed at the facility.  Preliminary investigation reports of the volumes of regulated waste from the facility operations which  were released either directly or indirectly into the soil underlying the facility or into the Wilamette  River were in excess of 4.6 million gallons or 23,000 cubic  yards.   It was also estimated from these reports that there is approximately 250,000 cubic yards of tar and tar mixed with soil underlying the historic tar  ponds.  Negotiations for cleanup and closure of this site may take up to 20 or more years.  NWNG has stated that it has insurance policies from Lloyds of London   which they feel will cover all costs assciated with NWNG's portion of this superfund responsibility.  The policies were not availble during the due diligence  to verify or confirm the amount of coverage.  Additionally, because the horizontal and vertical extent of the contamination in the subsurface soil,   groundwater and in the Willamette River sediments has not been determined, it seems unlikely that insurance coverage can adequatley be evaluated.   It  should also be mentioned that because the proportionate extent of NWNGs contamination responsibility is not known, adequate insurance coverage  appears to be somewhat premature. Risk:  3  Cost:  $50,000,000-300,000,000 
 The PCB Annual Document Logs for the facilities that generated PCB waste and stored it at TW's long term storage facility were completed and distributed to locations and entered into Envisions.  The 2rd quarter Transwestern/SoCal PCB mgt. committee conference call was completed.  This committee meets to discusss PCB management on the SoCal system and review invoices generated by SoCal during each quarter.  This quarters invoice amount was $280,633.48 of which Transwestern is 86% responsible or $241,344.79.  Final activities are in progress at the Topock Lateral where cleanup of the 1850' pipeline and appurtenances has been completed.  Analytical results of the wipe samples and liquid samples taken showed the cleanup to be successful.   All wipes after the cleaning showed to be less than 1 microgram/100 cm. sq.  Analytical results of the liquids showed to be less than 20 ppb.  The next phase of the cleanup activities will be in November when the remaining 11 miles of pipe will be cleaned and have launcher facilities installed at the mainline interconnect. 
 Donna/Arnold  sorry about not making the conference call today.  The state of New Mexico showed up at my office this  morning and made a surprise inspection at one of our C/S south of Roswell.  I felt the need to tag along with them....  Heres the way it is.  The EPA is required to address all federal concerns when they are the lead agency is a permitting issue.  Even when it comes to an issue like approving a turbine installation on previously disturbed ground, they are required to ensure compliance with the Endangered Species Act (ESA).  This is not a new issue with the EPA.  Im having the same thing happen to me by the EPA I had called the EPA in San Francisco about the status of the air permits for the Red Rock expansion for C/S 3 and 4.  The permitting engineer told me that prior to issuance of the permits, their air group would need assurances that the ESA regulations are being adressed.  I told the engineer that becasue C/S 3 and 4 are on the reservation and that the Navajo Nation has its own EPA group, that the ESA requirements are taken care of by the Navajo Nation EPA.  (As you remember, the Navajo Nation verbally told me that surveys would not be requried on the compressor station sites for endangered plants and or animals).   I gave the EPA engineer the Navajo Nation Fish and Wiildlife contact and he said that he would give him a call and that he would also check this issue out with the legal attorneys with the EPA.  Bottom line is that we are waiting for a response from EPA as to whether surveys would be required or not.  I told him that we were expecting the permits by the end of September and that if necessary, I would schedule ESA surveys and circumvent this whole issue.  He advised me not to do this.  I think his decision had something to do with  the EPA usurping authority of the Navajos and asserting authority on Indian Lands without Indian consent.  He said he would get back with me on this by Friday as to whether their attorneys agreed that the jurisdiction of the EPA on Navajo Lands when the Navajos have an environmental agency which administrates these types of issues.  Im a little irritated that the EPA didnt notify me about this when it first became an issue, but didnt pursue this as I didnt want to possibly  delay issuance of the permits.  Ill send something out via email when I hear from the EPA. 
 The State of New Mexico conducted a surprise air inspection of the TW Atoka No.3 C/S.  The agency found no non compliance issues or violoations during the inspection.  The second quarter Transwestern/SoCal PCB management committee meeting was held this week.  Transwestern's share of the PCB management and disposal activities on the SoCal system for the quarter was $125,950.00.  The State of New Mexico has issued the settlement penalty for the turbine replacement issue at the P-1 C/S.  The original amount levied against Transwestern in 1997  was $14,700.  After the Air Quality Bureau sat on this issue for more than 4 years without resolution, they reassessed the penalty to be $162,770.   A conference call will be set up to discuss Transwestern's next course of action.  The summary report for due diligence conducted in Portland Ore. was completed and submitted to Environmental Affairs in Houston. 
 Began initial field confirmation of EOTT crude oil tanks and equipment in the MIdland Region.  Five of the thirteen teams which have EOTT facilites have been inpsected and appropriate changes made to the database and spreadsheet.  A meeting was held with the Midland field teams which have Title V facilities, to complete and submit the required annual certifications.  All Title V locations in the MIdland region were in compliance for this year.  Region IX EPA has made a determination that prior to issuance of the air permits for the Redrock turbine installation, Transwestern is to conduct an endangered species survey of C/S's 3 and 4.  A contractor has been contacted and the surveys will be completed prior to September 15th.   This is not a new issue, as EPA Region VI, Dallas required consideration of the Endangered Species Act to be completed at the Luguna C/S, which is on Laguna Indian Lands.  The Title V permit will not be issued for the Laguna C/S until the EPA is satisified that endangered species are not a concern.  Preliminary environmental and right of way field data are being provided to an environmental contractor to initiate a fatal flaw analysis of a proposed project for Transwestern Pipeline Company.  Continued EOTT crude oil release data collections for forthcoming Sept. 27th NFL meeting in MIdland. 
 Leon, thanks for the list.  If this is a complete list of the parts which are replaced, what parts are "common" between the 3505 and the 4700?  Bill Scott is the attorney on this for Enron and I have copied him on this correspondence  "wcs@modrallcom."  Plese keep him in the loop on this...... 
 Particpated in the EPA NFL spill release and discharge data request for the Midland Region.  A meeting was held with the New Mexico Environment Department, Air Quality Bureau concerning the NOV for the P-1 C/S.  Transwestern presented letters from the AQB to Transwestern which apparently had not been reviewed by the AQB prior to issuance of the NOV.  The AQB requested a delay to re evaluate the new evidence which had been given to them.  They indicated that they would be contacting us after they had reviewed this new data and information. 
 John, I plan on grabbing not only a digital camera but also my video camera to handle the panarama part of the equations.  In conversations with Doug Cebryk, it looks like the primary routes are Interstate 17 and El Paso's existing right of way south.  I spoke with Kevin Hyatt about a possible route that exists south to a power plant between station 1 and Kingman Az, and then heading southeast into the Phoenix area, but didnt know if the economics would work out. Ive got ENSR looking at other routes that might hold promise.  I also plan on addressing what might be considered sensitive areas of potential impact (streams, rivers, riparian habitat, difficult terrain, population and  critical habitat  issues etc)  Ill have a report to you shortly after the trip... 
 NORTHERN NATURAL GAS  Reviewed Title V Operating Permit renewal applications with field teams for Finney Co. 1, Finney Co. 3 and Fowler.  Contractor has made revisions and the permit applications will be overnighted to the State of Kansas for Monday, September 10, 2001 delivery.  TRANSWESTERN    EOTT  Started EPA 308 Request response Tuesday, September 4, 2001 at Russell, Kansas and for EOTT releases in the Amarillo Region.  Large contingency of employees worked jointly to provide files on each release experienced since 1998.  DES had Title V Operating Permits due so environmental coordinators, Steve Mitchell and Monte Stebens, stayed in Russell until all files were completed. DES would like to thank the environmental coordinators and all other employees who worked on the information response.  Everyone did an excellent job.   GENERAL INFORMATION  Submitted semi annual NSPS reports for P-1 and Plains C/S's. 
 Yesterday evening I phoned both the state of Arizona ( agency for stations 1 and 2) and Region 9 EPA ( agency for stations 3 and 4) concerning the status of when the air permits would be issued by both agencies for the Redrock expansion.  I was surprised to find out that both agencies stated a 2-4 month delay prior to issuance.  They cited back log of other permits, public comment periods, and workload as being the main reasons.  I am particularily disappointed because there were pre meetings with both agencies identifying what was to be included in each application package, and even after the applications were submitted in March of this year, each agency came back and asked for different information that from what was discussed at each meeting.  I have a call into the state of Arizona ( construction is to begin at Station 2 and they have jurisdiction for this station) to see if we can initiate some construction activities  such as laying pipe and building foundations prior to receiving the permit.  I have been given these types of approvals from other agencies in the past, but these types of approvals are extremely narrow and restrictive.   If this flys I am sure that they will require us to make sure the turbine is not brought on site until the permit has been issued.  I know this will require written approval from the agency, but this may allow us to proceed on schedule and avoid any delays.  Ill keep you apprised of this issue. 
 The 2001 environmental roundtable  has been confirmed  for the above location and dates.   Make your reservations at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza (505) 821-3333.  The hotel is located on the frontage road off I-25 north at the Paso del Norte exit.  Room rates are $89.00 per night.  A block of rooms is being held under "Enron Transportations Services-Environmental Roundtable".  The agenda for the roundtable is presented below:  Tuesday October 16th  7:00-8:00 am  Contintental Breakfast.  8:00-8:15 am  Welcome and Opening Remarks.  8:15-8:45 am  Bill Kendrick, Director Environmental Affairs, ETS.  8:45-9:15 am  Chad Ingalls, The Nature Conservancy (Station 2 Project).  9:15-10:00 am  Ruth Jensen, Air Issues and Compliance.  10:00-10:15 am  BREAK  10:15-11:15 am  Denise Celani Safety Kleen.  "What happens to your waste after we get it"  11:15-12:00 pm  Joe Lueras.  Envisions training and demonstration.  12:00-1:30 pm  LUNCH  1:30-2:30 pm  Mike Riedel.  Emissions Inventories.  2:30-2:45  pm  BREAK  2:45-3:45 pm  Ruth Jensen.  Star Program  3:45-4:30 pm  Larry Campbell. Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation.  4:30-4:45 pm  Closing Remarks and Adjourn.  Wednesday October 17th  8:30-12:00 pm  Surprise Exercise.  12:00-1:30 pm  LUNCH  1:30-3:00 pm  Larry Campbell.  Discussion of Surprise Exercise.  3:00-3:15 pm  BREAK  3:15-4:30 pm  Larry Campbell.  Mock Environmental Situations.  4:30-4:45 pm  Questions and comments concerning roundtable.  4:45 pm  Adjourn.  Looking forward to seeing you all and having a productive and interesting session. 
 With respect to the September 13, 1999 letter from Richard and Oreane Garcia concerning pipeline integrity  and noise issues, Transwestern Pipeline Company offers the following response:  Pipeline Integrity.  With the construction of the evaporation ponds over Transwestern's right of way and pipline, Transwestern has closely monitored the potential for  impacts for the pipeline.  This includes a more frequent inspection of the pipeline conditions underlying the ponds by taking potentiometric readings to verify that  corrosion is not present. Transwestern has also installed rectifiers to assist in eleminating the potential of pipeline corrosion.  As a DOT requirement, Transwestern has cathodically protected the entire pipeline system with an external pipeline coating to further ensure the integrity of the pipeline underlying the evaporation ponds.   The pipline safety  measures implemented by Transwestern are designed to not only identify corrosion iimpacts to the pipeline system at   the inception of detrimental impacts as a result of corrosion, but also allow for long term stability and integrity  by conducting state of the art monitoring and detection.  Noise Issue.  In the initial environmental assessment and study, Transwestern conducted baseline surveys of the area to determine existing noise levels. This study was completed to assist Transwestern in the mitigation measures which will be implemented after construction of the Gallup Compresso Station.  Pending completion of the facility, Transwestern will conduct post noise studys to determine whether facility noise levels have increased above those levels mandated by FERC.  In the event of operational noise levels exceeding the FERC regulatory level of 55 ldn, Transwestern is committed to performing any and all  mitigation measures necessary to ensure that the post noise level of the facility will not be above the level mandated by FERC.  Decrepancy of trailer park residents.  In the letter by Mr. Garcia, it was stated that Transwestern's assessment of the number of residences in the adjacent trailer park  was not 18 as had been stated in our original study, but "more like 35 trailers".  The number of mobile home residences currrently in the trailer park may in fact be closer to 35.  Transwestern's trailer park residence count was taken in the winter of the year when the fluctuating job market is normally down and the number of residences in the park was low. The transient nature of mobile home residences and the fluctuating job economy of the area is probably a direct reflection of the up and down nature of the residences.  It should also be noted that during the time that the trailer park count was made, the owner of the trailer park who is also the operator of the evaporation ponds was experiencing major difficulties in the operation of the  ponds and raw sewage  had overflowed the pond embankments and  had resulted in the raw sewage ponding in the yards of many of the trailer park residents.  It was actually noted that many of the spaces normally occupied by mobile homes had been vacated.  This unsanitary condition was also identified by the New Mexico Environment Department.  The NMED had implemented enforcement actions against the trailer park owner. 
 Ruth, I spoke to the ADEQ about the accelerated permit program and apparently there are some internal problems with this program and the third party contractors which are on their "list".  At this stage of the game, they recommended that we do not resort to this alternative as most of the work that the contractor would do has been done by the ADEQ allready.  I then indicated that I would be contacting the Director of the ADEQ about the urgency of this multi million dollar project and the benefits to the state of Arizona.  The permit engineer thought that would be a good idea. Because we will be permitting through this agency again for Sundevil, and dont want to upset the agency cart, I am going to speak with the permit engineers supervisor and then to the Director of the ADEQ next week about either an accelerated issuance of the permit or more realistically, allowance to do some construction activities while the ADEQ is completing the review and permit writing.  This way, I wont step on any toes.  By the way, the ADEQ said that they dont consider this to be a PSD issue.  The following time line for permit issuance under the Arizona laws at this stage appears to be: another 2-3 weeks to write the permit, one month by the ADEQ technical staff to do the required internal review and then the  EPA is given a one month period to do their review, which is requried by the EPA for all class 1 permit applications in Arizona.  Because Im going to be in Phoenix next week, I might be able to set a meeting up with the ADEQ Director and plead Transwestern's case.  Ill let you know how it goes...... 
 John, I look forward to you being there, hopefully,  for both days.  Your presence and participation shows the field teams the environmental commitment from Houston.  Concerning the agenda, the first day is devoted to presentations.  The second moring will be devoted to a  "surprise" participation at a local compressor station about 45 miles west of Albuquerque.  I havent spread this around yet, except to Rich Jolly and got his OK, but  I plan on dividing the guys into groups of 2 and having them conduct an investigation/audit of the compressor station.  I plan on setting and hiding  some placebo environmental issues the night before at the station to see if they can discover them and other housekeeping issues the next morning during the audit.  We will then convine back at the hotel in the afternoon to discuss what they found and how they would address the issues identified.  The group that identifies the most issues, will get a small gift.  Do I need your approval on the spending of some $$$ for a gift?  I was thinking of a couple of $25 gift certificates for the two winners at a big sporting goods store and let them choose what they want.  The final afternoon session will be devoted to mock environmental situations under varying circumstances, like we did last year with the whole group being divided into four individuals and participating as teams. thoughts comments...... 
 Joe, presented below is the first memo I sent out concering the air permit issue:  [Yesterday evening I phoned both the state of Arizona ( agency for stations 1 and 2) and Region 9 EPA ( agency for stations 3 and 4) concerning the status of when the air permits would be issued by both agencies for the Redrock expansion.  I was surprised to find out that both agencies stated a 2-4 month delay prior to issuance.  They cited back log of other permits, public comment periods, and workload as being the main reasons.  I am particularily disappointed because there were pre meetings with both agencies identifying what was to be included in each application package, and even after the applications were submitted in March of this year, each agency came back and asked for different information that from what was discussed at each meeting.  I have a call into the state of Arizona ( construction is to begin at Station 2 and they have jurisdiction for this station) to see if we can initiate some construction activities  such as laying pipe and building foundations prior to receiving the permit.  I have been given these types of approvals from other agencies in the past, but these types of approvals are extremely narrow and restrictive.   If this flys I am sure that they will require us to make sure the turbine is not brought on site until the permit has been issued.  I know this will require written approval from the agency, but this may allow us to proceed on schedule and avoid any delays.  Ill keep you apprised of this issue.]  I spoke with the ADEQ after our conference call and they directed me to another group (compliance) in the air permit section.  They strongly suggested that I contact the compliance group before contacting Nancy Wrona, Director of the ADEQ.  I left a message with the supervisor of the ADEQ compliance section, Kathy McConnell (?) 602-207-2328, but have not heard back from her.  Either Bill Kendrick or I will  be touching base with her again, tomorrow.  Arnold has given me the following list of construction items he would like to have the ADEQ grant us permission/waiver to do in leau of receiving the air permits:  all earthwork trench construction and piping tie ins all foundation and building construction installation of ancillary equipment  This list is probably too aggressive and falls out of what the agency may allow us to do.  The EPA contact for the Sta. 3 and 4 air permits: permit engineer  Roger Cohn      (415) 744-1238 Supervisor  Geraldo Rios    (415) 744-1259  The ADEQ contact for Sta. 1 and 2 air permit permit engineer  Shudeish Mahadev (?)   (602) 207-2323 Director   Nancy Wrona 
 John, I read Phil's statements concerning the Redrock air permit issue and would like to shed some additional light concerning the reason why Transwestern  did not know about the delay in the agencies issance of the air permits.  I had met with each agency prior to submitting each application to ensure that each application contained the correct and proper information required by the EPA and State of Arizona.  When I told them that we were expecting the permits by the end of September, each agency indicated that a September permit issuance would not be a problem, in light of the fact that energy issues were to be given top priority in the State of Califonia.   I phoned the  permit engineer assigned to each application monthly to be kept aware of possible conflicts and resolve any concerns.  In all monthly calls, both agencies assured me that things were progressing on schedule.  As we approached the anticipated September issuance, calls to the agencies were conducted weekly and this was when I found out about the 1-4 month additional time which would be required for the permit issuance.  I dont know what else could have been done to track and alleviate problems encountered to ensure that the permits would be issued in a timely manner. 
 John, I read Phil's statements concerning the Redrock air permit issue and= =20 would like to make sure everyone has the facts why  Transwestern was unawar= e=20 of the delay in the agencies issance of the air permits.  I had met with ea= ch=20 agency prior to submitting each application (February of this year) to ensu= re=20 that each application contained the correct and proper information required= =20 by the EPA and State of Arizona.  When I told them that we would need the= =20 permits by the end of September, each agency indicated that a September=20 permit issuance would not be a problem, in light of the fact that energy=20 issues related to California were to be given top priority.   On a monthly= =20 basis I phoned the  permit engineer assigned to each application to be kept= =20 aware of possible conflicts and resolve any concerns.  In all monthly calls= ,=20 both agencies assured me that the permits were progressing on schedule and = no=20 delays were expected .  As we approached the anticipated September issuance= =20 date, calls to the agencies were conducted weekly and this was when I was= =20 first informed of the 1-4 month additional time beyond the September issuan= ce=20 which would be required for the permit issuance.=20  In light of this issue, we in ETS might want to use this as a training=20 exercise and develop a protocol that the other DES's should apply to stay o= n=20 track with the permit progress for construction projects.=20 
 Dan, sorry about taking so long it getting back to you about this, but I had a couple of crises I had to address,  Im still realing from the impact.  I have attached for your review the agreement which we are in the process of finalizing with the Wild Turkey Federation.  Take a look at the document and let me know what you think.  After your review we can make the necessary changes and modifications.  I have been advised by our legal department that each of the three major pipelines owned and operated by Enron will need a separate contract, with the RMEF, so what we decide for Transwestern, will undoubtably work for the others.  Thanks for your patience in this. 
 After the telephone conference call we had on 9/17, I contacted the Roger Kohn permit engineer with EPA about a possible meeting with his agency to resolve and assist the issuance of the air permits for stations 3 and 4.  His message back to me was a reiteration of the last request I made to him, that he could see no way that Transwestern would be able to help the EPA in this matter.  We discussed the possibility of Transwestern contacting his supervisor, Gerardo Rios, about a potential meeting and he indicated that we could choose this avenue if we desired.  Gerardo's telephone number is 415-744-1259. 
 Shudeish with the state of Arizona just phoned and said that he and Probaht Baragava are available to meet with us on Thursday at 2:00 pm.  This is the only time and day of this week that they will be able to see us.  I asked about whether Kathy OConnell and Nancy Wrona would be able to attend this meeting and he stated that their calendars were full this week and would not attend.   He will need to know by tomorrow whether to book this meeting and who will be attending.  Sarah had mentioned that Thrusday was not a good day for her.  Should we schedule this and if so, who will be attending in Sarah's place? 
 Would you please check on the status of this expense report.  The last entry I had on it was 9/5/01, 13 days ago.  My AMEX bill will be charged interest if I dont receive a check in the near future.  YOur assistance in this will be greatly appreciated. 
 NORTHERN NATURAL GAS COMPANY  Submitted Title V Permit Renewal for Mullinville Compressor to the KDHE.  Submittal of standard exemption documention for the NNG Kermit, Plainview, Seminole and Brownfield C/S's were submitted to the TNRCC.  TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMAPNY  A conference call was held with Region IX EPA to discuss Redrock Expansion issues related to the issuance of Title V air permits for Sat. 3 and 4 which are on Indain lands.  The agency provided a tentative date of 7 weeks before the the permits would be issued.  The EPA has required Transwestern to respond to issues related to the Endangered Species Act prior to issuance of the air permit.  Transwestern is in the process of preparing a biological assessment for the properties within the facility fences of stations 3 and 4.  A meeting was held with the Arizona DEQ to discuss what activities Transwestern may participate in to assist the agency with the issuance of the air permits for Station 1 and 2.  The agency gave a date of April 2002 as a normal issue date.  Even under expidited conditions the date is expected to be mid December of this year.  Transwestern plans on actively pursuing ADEQ's management to determine if the date for issuance can be further decreased. On a side note, under the current Arizona regulations, certain construction activities can begin in leau of receiving the permit and include; foundation construction, laying underground piping and consturction of permenant underground structures. This wil benefit the inbitiation of the Redrock construction prior to receivng the air permits for these stations.   EOTT  Rawlins pump station was struck by lighting, causing a release and a loss of crude and the tanks do to fire.  Visiting site Friday, September 21, 2001to evaluate and for a clean up and remediation plan.  continuation of 308 reporting for EOTT facilities in amarillo region.  Remediaiton of EOTT Weatherford Station.  GENERAL  Attended the KDHE annual environmental conference in Hutchinson, Kansas.  Completed Title V annual certifications for Texas and Oklahoma facilities.  completed workbooks for Amarillo roundtable. 
 Kay, the choice is yours as to how you want to clean your oil staining.  both technologies will work.  I prefer the quicker of the two......in the interest of time ie steam 
 Thanks Scott, I heard about the same thing, and was checking futrher to see if this was actually the case.... 
 Scott, I shold probably clearify something.  The existing right of way, which we intend on staying in, at least around Cordes Junction is located west of I-17, which will not impact the Agua Fria National Monument, which occurs on the east side of the interstate.  Should we be forced to move to the east side of I-17, then the Monument may become a problem.  Like you, I was taking into consideration all possible issues in the pathway of the proposed construction and also those that are in the near proximity and have the potential of becoming an "opportunity" in the event we are forced to deal with them.  I appreciate your wirk in this...... 
 Roger, thats great that the public notice for station 3 and 4 air permits will initiate on October 4.  I really appreciate your work and effort on this. I will be looking forward to reviewing the rough draft for both of the permits during the first week of October..... 
 Jon and Ruth, presented below are the comments to the air perimts at 3 and 4.  Please review for clairty and content.  I have spoken to Roger Kohn about all of these issues and the only one which may be a problem is with No. 2. He is checking on what the EPA can do about this.  I have spoken to Arnold Eisenstein about what we can do with the strict 25 ppmvd requriement for NOx and CO and he has said that we can hold to the 25 ppm value by doing some major gas recycling.  This is a fuel waste and costly.  Anyway, depending upon how long this issue delays the issuance of the permit will undoubtably determine whether we give in to the 25 ppmvd or hold out for 40 ppmvd.  Id like your comments asap.   1.  The responsible official name change to  Danny Pribble.  2.. The draft permit limits NOx and CO emissions to 25 ppmv at 15% O2, based on a 3-hour average, except during periods of startup   and shutdown.  At 60F and above the GE data indicates that these rates are achievable under all operating conditions.  However, GE   data indicates that NOx and CO may be as high as 40 ppmv during low-load conditions of 60%and lower.  The permit application represented turbine operations at base load 80% of the time with reduced load operations (64% load) occurring  no more than 20% of the time.  The potential to emit calculations presented the emissions in the application in units of lb.hr and ton/yr.  These values were accepted by the EPA for the netting analysis, and  took were taken into account by the EPA (See EPA Statement  of Basis document).  Because the permit conditions hold us to ppmvd values and not lb/yr or ton/year values, Transwestern is concerned that under low load conditions of less than 60%, the emissions of NOx and CO would be 40 ppmvd.  Transwestern is  requesting that  a provision be made in the permit conditions that  emissions of NOx and CO be held to 40 ppmvd during the 20 % of  the time that the turbines operating conditions is less than or equal to 60%.  3. The word "Catepillar" is mispelled throughout the permit.  4. Permit conditions for sulfur testing in the fuel gas requires Transwestern to use methodologies (wet chemistry technology) that are not     normally used to monitor and measure sulfur in the natural gas.  Transwestern has received approval from the EPA for other custom  fuel monitoring schedules to use  "GPA Standard 2377" (length of stain tube) or gas chromatography as the proposed methodology  to  monitor sulfur in the natural gas. 
 Roger, presented below are the comments which Transwetern has on the permits which were issued to the Klagetoh and Luepp compressor station.  The most critical and sensitive issue for us is item 2 below. The permits really restrict us and cause us some major operational concerns if we are held to 25 ppmvd for NOx and CO throughout the entire operating range of the turbines. We would really appreciate your help and assistance in this issue.  Let me know what additional information you may need.   1.The responsible official name change to Danny Pribble, VP Southwest Operations.  2.The draft permit limits NOx and CO emissions to 25 ppmv at 15% O2, based on a 3-hour  average, except during periods of startup and shutdown.  At 60F and above the GE data indicates that these rates are achievable under all operating conditions.  However, GE data indicates that NOx and CO may be as high as 40 ppmv during low-load conditions of 60% and lower.  The permit application represented turbine operations at base load 80% of the time with reduced load operations (64% load)occurring no more than 20% of the time.  TWP also included a 15% safety factor to cover periods of reduced operating loads and fluctuating ambient temperatures.  The potential to emit calculations presented the emissions in the application in units of lb/hr and ton/yr.  These potential to emit values were accepted by the EPA for the netting analysis, and were taken into account by the EPA (See EPA Statement of Basis document). Because the permit conditions hold us to ppmvd values and not lb/yr or ton/year values, Transwestern is concerned that under low load conditions of less than 60% and low ambient temperatures, the emissions of NOx and CO could go as high as 40 ppmvd.  Transwestern is requesting that a provision be made in the permit conditions that allows emissions of NOx and CO be held to 40 ppmvd during the 20 % of the time that the turbines operating conditions is less than or equal to 60% load.  3. The word "Catepillar" is mispelled throughout the permit.  4. Permit conditions for sulfur testing in the fuel gas requires Transwestern to use methodologies (wet chemistry technology) that are not normally used to monitor and       measure sulfur in the natural gas. Transwestern has received approval from the EPA for other custom fuel monitoring schedules to use  "GPA Standard 2377" (length of stain tube) or gas chromatography as the proposed methodology  to  monitor sulfur in the natural gas. 
 John, we are working out some issues with the station 1 permit and the EPA= =20 permits for 3 and 4.  Briefly here they are.  First issue, that we did not anticipate from the ADEQ.  It applies to hours= =20 of operation for the generator.  The ADEQ has restricted hours of operation= =20 because we are close to the PSD levels at the facility.  In talking to=20 Shdeish, the ADEQ protects itself and applies a 10% safety factor on all=20 applications that approach PSD to ensure that the PSD levels are not=20 triggered.   This is there policy not regulation.  What is ironic is that= =20 they accepted our calculations for the netting, but did not indicate that= =20 they would apply any safety factor for their comfort.  Im concerned about t= he=20 time frame to iron out this issue and the construction start date.  I need= =20 some guidance.  Do we want to spend time fighting this, not knowing how lon= g=20 it will take to resolve or do we bite the bullet and put on a catlytic=20 converter for the generator and have unlimited operating hours?  In speakin= g=20 with Shudeish, I got the impressions that when an application approaches th= e=20 PSD limit, they want to see the applicant apply CEMS or some kind of contro= l=20 technology just to be sure that they stay under the 250 ton limit.  I know= =20 time is of the essence.  Second issue.  The EPA has given us a pretty good permit for stations 3 and= =20 4, but have restircted us to ppmvd values for NOx and CO, instead of lb./hr= =20 or ton/yr.  The values that they have given us in the permit are OK (25 ppm= vd=20 for NOx and CO) at base load operation. GE will guarantee this.   However, = at=20 lower tempertures and at reduced loads of 60%, the manufactures numbers are= =20 40 ppmvd for NOx and CO.  We cant live with this.  In our application, we= =20 stated that we would be operating at low loads for 20% of the time and we= =20 applied a 15% safety factor for the higher NOx and CO levels and presented= =20 this in lb.hr and tons/yr.  This would have covered us, but because the=20 permits limits are in ppmvd, we would exceed  these limits during low loads= =20 and low temps.  I have requested from Roger that we would accept permit=20 conditions that would allow us 40 ppmvd during low temps and low loads with= =20 with requiring us to do associated recordkeeping and Roger said that he wou= ld=20 bring this before his management.  Ill keep you apprised of this issue.  =20 
 Transwestern Pipeline Company  Transwestern has run into some problems with the air permit conditions for the Redrock Expansion.  For the state permits, the ADEQ wants to abitrarily set a 10% safety factor to the emissions levels which approach PSD. This means that they have written into the draft permit a reduction in the allowable hours of operation for  the generator from 8760 to 7800.  This generator is the facility's prime source of power and therefore, needs to be operated for 8760 hours.  Transwestern will challenge the agency's authority to apply a 10%safety factor.  For the Indain lands permits, the EPA has written a permit condition of 25 ppmvd for NOx and CO under all operating conditions.  Manufacturerers guarantees only apply at 25 ppmvd at loads above 65% and at 0F.  It appears that Transwestern may have convenienced the EPA to back away from permit limits in ppmvd and include as permit conditons lb/hr and ton/yr emissions limits that Transwestern originally placed into its applications.  Northern Natural Gas Company  A standard exemption for the NNG Martin Co. No. 1 facility was submitted to the TNRCC.  Preliminary maintenance activities and newly published AP-42 emissions factors have shown that the Martin Co. 1 facility may be a Title V facility.  Under the old AP-42 factors, the units at the facility were not greater than 100 ton/year sources.  Continued investigation  is being conducted to determine emissions levels from the units at the facility.  EOTT A request and supporting documentation was submitted to the TNRCC to remove the EOTT Crane facility from the Title V operating permit program.  New data on the crude oil received into the facility shows the emissions limits for VOCs to be less than the Title V regulated limit.  General  Preparations are being  finalized for the environmental roundtable to be held next week in Albuquerque. 
 Shudeish, I spoke with Roger Kohn, Region IX EPA permit engineer, about the time his agency will take to do the air permit reveiw for Kingman and Flagstaff.  He stated that EPA normally gets the allowed 45 days to do the permit review, however, at the request of the state agency, his office will do an expidited review.  Because of the urgency of Transwetern desiring to initiate construction, by this email, I am asking the ADEQ to request  an expidited review  of the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits from the EPA.  Again, thanks for your work and effort that you have put in on this project. 
 Shudeish, our advisor in Arizona left me a voice mail message that the signs were posted at both locations...thanks for your help with an expited request to Region IX EPA. 
 Just a short message to apprise everyone of the cleaning results performed on the filter separator from the Transwestern M/S.  Wipe tests taken of the interrior portions of the separator prior to cleaning revealed PCB results of: 360, 500 and 520 microgram.   This was not a standard wipe taken of a specific area.  These wipes were taken over large areas to determine presence/absence of PCB's within the separator.  After the cleaning operation was completed, three wipe samples were taken of the interrior portions of the separator.  All results showed non detect at less than 1.0 microgram.  I feel we can be fairly certain that the separator is free of residual PCBs.  Jeff, would you pass this information on to your counterpart for PG&E? 
 Rich, whats your thoughts on a decent pipeline segment for the modeling study.  I kind of like Sta. 4 to Sta. 3.  It encompasses alot of the variablity present on the Transwestern system (elevation, temperature, consistent activities with respect to the rest of the PCB contaminated system).  Let me know before the Penn State visit, so I can start rounding up the analytical data for the pipeline and stations..... 
 Roger, if EPA has approved other alternate methods for determining sulfur in fuel gas, can you approve of these for our sulfur methods?   The reason I ask is that we are not set up to do any of the applications mentioned in Appendix D.  We  have approved custom fuel monitoring schedules in place at 5 other compressor station locations and have been approved to use "stain tubes" or total sulfur analyzers.  These were issued by Region IX and Region VI.  I can send you copies of the approvals from the other Regions if that will help. If not, I would recommend that you write the permit with all the below referenced test methods and we will work out the details.  WIll it be possible to make a change to the permit after things quiet down a bit and we have more time to taylor the permit  for you and us? 
 John, in response to you questions below, im da man.  Ill call you today or tomorrow concerning  your possible suggestions and recommendations for dinner, blocking the rooms and the time for the event....the group had originally planned on blocking out 70 rooms.  Enough for the field DES's, safety specialists, env. and safety group in Houston, Danny Pribbles direct reports, Rich Jolly and his advisors, plus guests and speakers.......anyone else? 
 Bill as per your request, presented below is a status of the air permitting activity by the agencies as of today 11/01/01.  Stations 1 and 2. The EPA has completed is review of these state permits and has sent them back to the ADEQ for comment.  I have spoken to Shudeish, the permit engineer for the ADEQ, and he is reviewing EPA's comments as this e mail is being written.  He will give me a call when his review is complete, but he does not anticipate any major issues which cant be resolved prior to the public hearing.  These permits went out for public notice on October 15 and 16, which means that the comment period ends on Nov. 15 and 16.  The ADEQ plans on holding the public hearing for both permits on monday Nov. 19 in Williams AZ. at 7:00 pm.  I plan on being there.  Williams is located approx. 30 miles west of Flagstaff, AZ.  The address for the hearing is the Council Chambers located at 113 south 1st street.  So far, there have been no responses submitted to the ADEQ by the public.  In EPA's review process, they  had a problem with methodology proposed by Transwestern for measuring sulfur in the fuel gas.  We had proposed stain tubes in the custom fuel monitoring schedule, they wanted us to do wet chemistry.  We convinced them otherwise (Byron, because of this, you wont need to order a sulfur analyzer for the Needles facility.  This should save you about $40K).  There was also an issue with manufacturers quarantees regarding particulate matter emissions from the turbine and catepillar.  This has been resolved also.  Stations 3 and 4.  I received a call from Roger Kohn, the permit engineer for the EPA.  He is satisified with the permit application contents and has also approved stain tubes for the sulfur measurement at these locations.  There are no outstanding issues on these permits from the EPA.  The public comment period for the Station 3 and 4 permits ends Nov.  3.  After this date, it will take 1-2 weeks for the Regional Administrator of the EPA to sign off on the permits  and then he will have them issued to Transwestern.  As of this date, there have been no comments submitted to the EPA for the permits for station 3 and or 4.  Ill keep everyone apprised of future events. 
 Jerry, I have not cancelled the Station 4 air permit.  I have spoken to Roger Kohn,EPA permit engineer,  about the possibility of not doing the turbine installation at station 4 only due to what you described as not enough market commitment.  My plans are to hold off on making any decisions and have the EPA issue the station 4 permit.  If we do not initiate any construction pertaining to the turbine or auxillary generators, then the new permit doesnt apply and we can still operate under the existing permit which was issued about 2 years ago.  In Enron, 6 months is an eternity and who knows what will happern then?  By having the permit, but not constructing, we will be  OK. If we decide to do the turbine project  within the period of time that the permit is valid, then were ahead of the game.  If not, and a more firm decision is made to not do anything in the future, Ill contact EPA and request termination of the permit.  Usually, the agency places a caveot that if construction does not proceed in a specified time then the permit automatically cancels itself and the facility must comply witht he conditions of the existing permit for the facility.. 
 Just to keep all permit information together, I spoke to Roger Kohn and he has sent to me the station 3 and 4 air permits.  We are now free to initiate construction at these two sites.... 
 The third quarter PCB meeting with Southern California Gas Company was held this morning.  SoCal presented a third quarter invoce of their PCB management and disposal activities for which Transwestern is responsible for $120,602.19 (86%).  All charges were appropriate and considered normal operating expenses for PCB activities in California.  On a similar note, while speaking to Ralph Komai, PCB person for SoCal, some interesting things are happening on their system and are presented below:  SoCal is beginning to notice accumulations of PCB pipeline liquids on portions of their system which has been considered PCB clean.  It is these portions of their pipeline for which they have been petitioning EPA to declassify.  These liquids are not new liquids introductions into the SoCal system but historic liquids that have laid in their pipeline. Because of the fact that Transwestern is not seeing liquids accumulations at the compressor stations upstream of Needles, we know that liquids are not being sent inot California.  Due to the increase of Transwestern gas into the SoCal system, it appears  the gas is sweeping old historic liquids into these new pipeline areas.  SoCal will be meeting with PG&E within the next couple of weeks to discuss the discovery of pipeline liquids at an interconnect where SoCal provides natural gas to PG&E.The PCB concentrations are less than 5 ppm.  The location of this  interconnect is near Bakersfield, Ca.  Southwest Gas has requested that 2 filter separators be installed at 2 interconnects where they receive gas from SoCal.  As you know, Transwetern supplies gas to SoCal who then provides gas to Southwest.   The price of the 2 separators will be approx. $33,000 plus installation charges.  Ralph stated that theses charges will show up on the first or second quarter of 2002.  Of note, Southwest has asked SoCal to install each separator on the SoCal side of the interconnect which means that maintenance and operation of each separator will be SoCal's responsiblility.  these charges will be passed on to Transwestern at 86%. 
 The third quarter PCB meeting with Southern California Gas Company was held this morning.  SoCal presented a third quarter invoce of their PCB management and disposal activities for which Transwestern is responsible for $120,602.19.  All charges were appropriate and considered normal operating expenses for PCB activities in California.  The public hearing was held in Williams, AZ for the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits under the Redrok Expansion.  There were no comments or concerns brought up at the meeting as no individuals came to the meeting.  An email was received from the ADEQ presenting the minor additions which will be added to each permit.  Each comment and addition will not impact or change the draft permits which were received earlier this month.  The permits for Klagetoh and Luepp were received from the EPA last week.  The permits from the ADEQ for the Kingman and Flagstaff C/S will be issued the later part of this week.  Attended the incident investigation and technical writing workshop in Omaha.  Assisted the Mountainair team with the semiannual Title V compliance monitoring report  for C/S No.7.  A meeting was held in Phoenix, Az with PG&E to review charges and invoices by PG&E for PCB management and disposal activities on their system for the last several months.   Also discussed was recent liquids sampling results and proposed PCB activities on the PG&E system for 2002. 
 Midland Team, the Martin Co. No. 1 facility is potentially in non compliance because there is new emissions data from the EPA which shows the units at this facility  emit emissions which would trigger a Title V air permit. Steve San Miguel and Stoney tried to conduct an emissions test  with a portable analyzer but were unable to collect representative emissions data due to the fact that the unit was in very poor mechanical shape and showed very high emissions.  We have a couple of options.  Spend the $$$$ necessary to bring the unit up to standards that allow a representative emissions test to be conducted and determine whether the emissions from the units trigger permit action or use the new EPA data and submit an air permit application. The choice is yours.  Understand, this permit if issued, places some recordkeeping and mechanical responsibilities on the Midland team.  Let me know what you would like to do. 
 Thanx.  Very professionally written.  I only had to look up a couple of words.   LC 
 Butch, you may want to attend this 
 test 
 Carmen---  My night differential has not posted to my last four paychecks. The last time I received it was for pay period ending 05/15/2000. Would you please include a retro adjustment to my next check?   LC 522-94-9373 x3-9351 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/vhtml/u/ce/multi/0,2863,2606032,00.html   SCROLL DOWN TO OHIO STATE. 
 I did.  What does he want me to do with it?  Have him call me.  LC 713.853.9351 
 http://content.health.msn.com/content/article/1728.59719 
 Dan  I did not include them in the upload sheet b/c I path directly to them.  LC 
 Patty  Could you please forward this to Susan Fick.  I don't have her e-mail.  LC 
 Bret, what do you think about this?  We have pretty much proven that we are not the culprits is this activity.  I have a problem conducting an ongoing sampling for an issue that were not responsible for, even though we initiated the sampling activity.  I plan on visiting the OCD about this issue and either forcing them to justify why we should continue the sampling when the data points to our neighbors.  Additionally, because of the turnover and inability to get the guilty party to get moving on this, spending additional money and not receiving any return seems like a waste of time.  Thoughts....    George Robinson 10/22/99 08:42 AM 
 LONG ABOUT:  ET: 2500 PSEG: 4000  713.853.9351 
 Call me.  713.853.9351 
 WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER? 
 BENNETT 4.994 HOMASOTE 4.996 REHEIS 4.93 WHITE  4.695   LC 
 PATTY DRUMM  LC 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/u/futures/summerlin/NFLgames.htm 
 june  2000  bennett  4.689 reheis  4.689 white  4.689   homasote:  feb 2.9375 mar 3.104  lc 
 HAVE 2100 FOR JULY.  713.853.9351 
 Sithe Power Marketing, L.P. 335 Madison Ave. New York, NY 10017 212.351.0680 P 212.351.0705 F Janine Maher Elizabethtown July 1, 2000 forward 
 George, after Bret's memo, go ahead and conduct the sampling.  the soonest I can discuss the issue with the OCD is in the middle of November.  I have reviewed the reports and results of the studies conducted by us and them and the evidence weighs in our favor.  At your leisure and prior to the November OCD meeting,  prepare a memo to file of the resaons and justification based upon the report results and data why Eunice is not the bad guy in this and why Texaco is.  Gradients,  plume elevations and characteristics of the contaminants show that this is not our problem.  Id like to have sufficient evidence, both mine and yours, to force OCD to go afterTexaco and  get us out of this issue.  I think this would also help Bret's case for having Texaco (or whoever is responsible)  reimburse Northern  for the costs we have incurred for what is Texaco's problem.  Thanx    George Robinson 10/22/99 08:42 AM 
 EES sold for July 2000:  North Atlantic  2864 Kenilworth(Sithe) 337   LC 
 3.837  LC 
 NO 
 June  .2250 per dth. 
 EES sold for July 2000:  North Atlantic: 2721 Sithe:  0  Disregard the previous e-mail.  This is the correct one for July 2000.  LC 
 Do you have the final reads for July and the new ones for August.  LC 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/vhtml/u/ce/column/0,2863,2643914,00.html 
 http://WWW.DANCESAFE.COM/ 
 Demand charge for July: .60  The swing rate will be on the July invoice which is scheduled to go out, along with June, in about 2 weeks. May's invoice should go out next week. 
 George, I will attend this meeting with you on the 16th.    George Robinson 10/22/99 01:42 PM 
 Apply the storage gas only to our storage customers.   LC 
 ok 
 sorry.  apply it to our commercial customers.  LC 
 4.284  LC 
 PRICK 
 Amber---  Marriott fell off July 1, 2000 behind BUG.  LC 
 Marlene, please call me if this is not correct.  Sherry 713 345-3461 
 Can you help Sherry with this set-up.  LC 
 Mike,  I reveiwed the proposal by Adewumi and it is correct and fairly accurate, for the purposes of a historic account and and in as far as  what was provided to him in the way of data and history.  His proposed scope seems to be conclusive and appears to be what we need.   I have included Louie in the distribution  and am sure he will have some input.  My comments are as follows:  1.  I dont know how relevant it is to know about the customers facilities at this time.  As you know, we have more than one customer (PG&E and SoCal), and I  think that we should maintain a low profile especially with respect ot SoCal.  Both parties in the past,  have been helpful and very cooperative in matters  pertaining to PCB's. Because the modeling study will be conducted between C/S 3 and C/S 2, the customers facilities should have no impact on this.  2.  Also, I would like to see if we can deal with  PCB's and arsenic at the same time?  Is it possible to simultanously model both contaminants?  3. Because the modeling efforts are conducted on a very small portion of the pipeline, can this section be used for all of the Transwestern system?  In leau of  the fact that we have pipe under rivers, over rivers, major elevation chages in short distances etc which are not covered in the section to be modeled, will  the pipeline characteristics be covered to the extent that it will yeild information applicable to the entire pipeline system?  4. I am also concerned about stirring up the PCB's and moving additional PCB's into the SoCal system.  Its been pretty quiet  in discussions with the SoCal  PCB person.  I wonder if we should notify Ralph Komai to be on the alert when we start the cleaning?  Louie, thoughts?  5. Injection of terpenol into the station yard piping.  How will we do this and how do we get it out?  6. Impact of terpenol on gaskets, engine parts, etc. 
 Looks familiar? 
 http://www.cnbc.com/commentary/commentary_full_story_tools.asp?StoryID=21748 
 whazupppppp!!!!!!!!!! 
 Bill, we had an air inspection at the facility a couple of weeks ago and all went well.  Prior to the state visit, we went through a "trouble shooting" scenario and found out that Solar provided us with innacurate permitting information for that altitude and temperature.  Solar was very helpful and provided us with updated information to reflect conditions at the facility.  I submitted a permit revision and it was submitted to the state of Colorado prior to their inspection, requesting more fuel but no more emissions.  Recent testing has shown that even under extreme low temperatures, the emissions are under the original permitted levels.  Because we did not request additional emissions, I expect the permit to be issued within the next couple of months..... bottom line is that no NOV will be issued for the fuel use issue.    William Kendrick 11/06/99 10:06 AM 
 http://biz.yahoo.com/bw/000830/ca_juniper.html 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/vhtml/u/ce/multi/0,2863,2717268,00.html 
 http://quotes.freerealtime.com/rt/frt/news?symbol=RBAK&art=C2000083000243u6509 
 I'm going to be out tomorrow.  You can page me at 1.800.963.0942.  LC 
 get on her list 
 id lcampbel psswd megan1 
 http://quotes.freerealtime.com/rt/frt/news?symbol=PMCS&art=C2000090100245b1087 
 I am no longer with the gas desk.  Please remove from list.  LC 
 get on her list. 
 remove from list.  no longer with gas desk.  LC 
 http://www.scoresandodds.com/ 
 Heard anything? 
 I'll call you later tonight.  LC 
 http://www.vegasinsider.com/u/football/college/2000returnees.htm 
 Lawrence  We bought 100mw at $50 for HE 11-23 edt.  If the P&L shows 50mw, that's because we had to give the cash guys 50mw.  Larry C. 800-963-0942 
 I don't have an expense account.  I guess I'll let the money sit until I think it's safe to take it out.  Thanks for your help.  LC 39351 
 get transmission done 
 http://mis.nyiso.com/public/rtapp/nyiso.html   click on this then bookmark it. 
 Datek???? 
 This is just a short update on the conference call just completed with Michael Adewumi of Penn State, concerning the PCB pipeline modeling project proposed for the Transwestern mainline system.  David Roensch, Dr. Adewumi and myself discussed the latest proposal submitted by Adewumi and based upon his answers to the technical and operational questions, it appears that the model will yeild some useful information.  Adewumi was asked about the simultaneous modeling of PCB's and arsenic and feels that the model can address this situation.  He felt that by initiating the model to the pipeline segement  selected for the study (between C/S 4 and C/S3) this information could be projected to the other pipeline segments with physical and elevational conditions not represented in the segment selected.  As is the case with most projects of this nature, answers to some questions cannot be addressed until we begin the process.  It appears that the next step in this process is to have Mike Terraso contact Michael Adewumi.  David Roensch and I will be available to feed technical and operational information to Adewumi for his modeling input.  It may also be in the best interest of this project  to see a team of technical and operational experts from Enron and Transwestern begin a  brain stroming of this project during the data input stage to address issues related to the field cleaning trials, both of the pipeline system and the C/S piping.  By working through the process, we may be able to alleviate some potential concerns  and increase the cleaning success.  Although Transwestern has been involved in this type of cleaning for a number of years, based upon the liquids data results, the system has met with variable success.  The more technical and operational information we can incorporate into the model, the better will be the modeling conclusions and results of the  cleaning activity. 
 I am no longer with the gas desk. Sherry is the contact person. 713.345.3461 
 Kayne--  I need you to e-mail these two people, carlj@pjm.com & grosser@pjm.com, to inform them that Zurita is no longer our oasis administrater. They need Richard's info on file:  Enron North America Richard Hrabal 1400 Smith Street  #3111f Houston, TX  77002-7361 richard.hrabal@enron.com 713.853.1810  lc 
 Think about it over the weekend.  I'll call you Sunday.  The RSVP is next Wednesday.   LC 
 Here are the directions:   Bank of America 1.800.299.2265  1) press 0# twice in order to bypass the voice menu and connect to an operator. 2) tell them you need to wire funds.   Datek http://www.datek.com/popinframe.html?ref=/helpdesk/index.html&navNumber=3  This link has all the info you need. On the left side of the page, click "Helpdesk" then "Managing funds". Scroll down to the heading, "Wire Instructions for Transfer of Funds to Datek Online". Have this page up while you talk with the bank operator because she will need the info off this page. 
 Scott--  Would you please include my name on all future e-mails. I am the real time NY/NE trader.  LC 
 What are the Klan's attitude toward Asians?   LC 
 Tracy, thanks for the heads up.  Beginning in January of 2000, provide me with the new and old serial numbers for each unit and a closer exchange date, as things (scheduling, changeout activities etc.) tend to move dates around. 
 A meeting was held at C/S 6, Laguna on Tuesday November 16th, to reintroduce the pueblo of Laguna to Transwestern's environmental activities at the facility.  The Laguna's have hired an environmental person to oversee environmental issues on pueblo lands.  The meeting centered around three issues:  a UST site which had been removed, but not formally closed, a historic removal of asbestos which had been buried at the facility in the late 1980's, and the ongoing groundwater remediation at  the site.  Transwestern provided a history of the above mentioned activiites and why these issues were unresolved in the "eyes" of the Laguna.  Transwestern committed to submitting closure requests for the UST and asbestos issues. With repsect to the groundwater issue, a presentation was given enlighting the Laguna representative of the difficult nature of the subsurface geology and groundwater characteristics to rapidly clean the contaminants (chlorinated solvents and PCB's) and Transwestern's intent to continue its remediation efforts. Transwestern assured the Laguna environmental representative that all correspondance and data pertaining to environmental issues would be submitted to the pueblo agency.   At the conclusion of the meeting, the Laguna's understood Transwestern's commitment to maintaining the policies and practices consistent with the pueblo of Laguna.  The meeting provided Transwestern and the Laguna's with the opportunity to meet and share ideas and opinions and initiate working relationships.  The Laguna's now have an understanding of the environmental activities at the site and what Transwestern's approach is to removing the contaminants.   The Laguna's appreciated Transwestern's efforts and commitment to environmental compliance on the Laguna pueblo. 
 sign me up. 
 I guess I can try to clear my calendar( ha ha).  Just let me know when and where. Why am I the only one on this e-mail list?  LC 
 BOTH  Since I'm a single man, I would be willing to contribute whatever is necessary to make this a memorable event for you.  LC 
 do you have specific time info for saturday's activities? i might be tied up in the morning.  LC 
 Noon works really well for me. When did you make partner?  LC 
 what about lake charles? 
 what are you talking about???? 
 you might want to get on this list. 
 give me your number.  i'll call you in the afternoon, after 3:00, sometime this week.  LC 
 Jim, yes you will need a USGS 
 call me after 3. 713.853.9351  LC 
 http://mis.nyiso.com/public/rtapp/nyiso.html 
 Gary,  I no longer work on the gas desk.  My replacement is Sherry Pendegraft.  Her number is 713.345.3461  LC 
 SORRY. WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN 
 Have you deposited the wedding check?  I'm trying to balance my checkbook.  LC 
 Have you decided what time is good? 
 I'm free all day.  Give me a time. 
 KJ 
 I think its time that we did a maintenace spot check on the White units at the above referenced facility, to stay in line with the operating conditions of the facility permit.  It  would probably be a good idea to check on the emissions status of the Whites at the same time. 
 9214 Sanford 77031   steve  send the failure to deliver message you got to my it contact.  daniel.muschar.enron.com 
 http://ca1.tradewave.com/tradeauth/userReg/SPP/EPMI 
 call me at home 
 I would be honored.  Do we meet there or somewhere else? 
 The state of Texas conducted an air quality inspection of the NNG Seminole C/S.  There were no deficiencies or violations identified at the facilit during the inspection.  The State of New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted an inspection of the Transwestern Atoka No. 3 C/S.  The Agency conducted a record review and did portable emissions testing of 3 of the 5 emissions units at the facility. Although fuel use and a natural gas analysis were not available for the units tested, emissions exceedances for NOx are expected for the 2 White Superiors at the facility.  The State of New Mexico Air Quality Buureau conducted an inspection of the Transwestern Atoka No. 2 C/S.  The agency conducted a portable emissions testing of the two turbines and one recip at the facility.  Although fuel use and a natural gas analysis was not available at the facility, all units tested  appeared to be in compliance with the permit limits.  The agency requested sulfur readings from the fuel gas as required under Subpart GG NSPS for the last twelve months.  The Artesia team has contacted Gas Control in Houston for the for the monthly sulfur values at the facility. 
 Leo, my computer has fouled up and I wasnt sure you got this so Im sending it again..... 
 Rick, its that time of year again, do your magic and approve the attached expense report  And thanx again for the Topock consideration, I do appreciate it..... 
 For those teams that have turbines installed after 1990 and/or for those turbines which have undergone power  unit changouts, the following recordkeeping and monitoring conditions apply:  1) DAILY recordkeeping of nitrogen and sulfur must be taken of the fuel gas which supplies the applicable turbine(s).  2) This recordkeeping consists of electronic recording (gas chromtograph for nitrogen and  delmar or equivelant for sulfur) or stain tubes may also be used  for sulfur. These DAILY records include measurements on Saturdays and Sundays.  3) The measurement must be taken at the location.  An exception to this is that the nitrogen and sulfur measurements may be taken upstream or downstream  of the applicable turbine facility provided that there are no natural gas deliveries into the pipe which would interfere or dilute/increase the measurements  for the applicable turbine fuel gas.  4) Fuel gas records in hard copy form or equivalent  for  the nitrogen and sulfur must be maintained at the facility or at a central location for easy retrival.  5) A turbine facility may waiver out of this nitorgen and sulfur daily recordkeeping requirement by obtaining a custom fuel monitoring schedule (CFMS) from  the EPA.  Approval of a  CFMS allows a greatly reduced recordkeeping and reporting for nitrogen and sulfur.  CFMS requests have been submitted for the  following facilities:  P-1 C/S Plains Turbine C/S Atoka No 2 C/S Monument C/S Crawford C/S Bloomfield C/S  Approvals have not as yet been obtained.  Until issuance of a CFMS, an applicable facility is required to continue daily sampling for nitrogen and sulfur.  Facilities which have received CFMS from the EPA include:  La Plata C/S P-2 C/S  Please be advised that there may be certain reporting requirements that might be required for each CFMS.  I would strongly advise that the La Plata and Panhandle  teams review their CFMS and include reporting dates into MCS, so that the deadlines and reportings are not missed.  If you have a turbine facility which is subject to the nitrogen and sulfur reporting requirements and would like to reduce the reporting burden, contact Butch or myself. 
 The biennial hazardous waste reporting for 1999 for Transwestern Pipeline Company was submitted to the states of Texas, and New Mexico.  A meeting was held in Roswell to discuss air permitting activites and the recent agency inspection of the TW Atoka No. 3 C/S.  Due to the agenciy's portable testing of units at the AToka No. 2 and 3 C/S, A plan was developed to address potential actions which may result from the agency testing.  Also discussed was NSPS fuel gas monitoring for nitrogen and sulfur and other miscellaneous air issues.  Texaco has initiated soil excavation of an abondoned pit which may be the source of groundwater contamination at the NNG Eunice C/S.  An Enron contractor is onsite to oversee the activities by Texaco and to assist in the results of the investigation.  The 3rd request to Region VI EPA was completed requesting approval of 5 Transwestern and 1 NNG facilities for custom fuel monitoring schedules. Initial requests dating back to 10/8/98 were included with the packet.  A phone call to the Regional Administer of Region VI was also completed. Pending additional lack of response,   a meeting will be requested to the agency requesting action and approval of the requests.  Data requests from Argent Consulting have been distributed to the field for the 1999 emissions inventories.  Results of the additional archeological and biological survey's for the Gallup C/S power transmission line 7C application have been submitted to regualtory affairs in Omaha.  There were no positive concerns or impacts identified which would require additoinal actions. 
 Bret, per ;you request, presented below is a list of Priority 1 and 2 sites in Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Texas for which we have running horsepower and       emit emissions to the atmosphere.  ARIZONA  Priority 1     Priority 2  C/S No. 3 C/S No. 4 C/S No. 2 C/S No. 1  NEW MEXICO   C/S No. 7     Atoka No. 2 C/S No. 8     C/S N. 5 Eunice C/S     P-1 C/S No. 9     Monument Turbine Maljimar C/S     Crawford C/S Bloomfield C/S Jal C/S Atoka No. 1 C/S Atoka No. 3 C/S COLORADO  La Plata  TEXAS  WT-2 C/S Keystone P-2 C/S Lone Star Valero C/S 
 On a related note, I spoke to Vector concerning the equipment which was suggested for cleaning on the PG&E system.  It is as follows:  2 scrubbers, some underground C/S piping, filter separator, horizontal tank, 2-10.84 drip locations  The Vector proposal for mobilization, demobilizataion and cleaning the above PG&E equipment will be approx. $ 75, 000.  I approached Vector about the pipeline cleaning between our M/S and their C/S.  They quoted a turn key price of $34,000.  Because this piping belongs to Transwestern, we should contract this cleaning ourselves.  If the decision is made to address this cleaning, I think we would want to have it done during the same time period as the PG&E cleaning activities.  I will also need some lead time to notify Vector and determine an appropriate methodology to be used.  Vector apparently has an approved methodology for cleaning pipes to 36".  One additional note, apparently PG&E has discovered PCBs in their gas compressors.  In wipe samples taken of the internal compressors PCBs were found at regulated levels..... 
 Louie, I dont have any plans for a trip to HOuston, except for the Mage tech mtg during the last week in Feb. 28, 29, March 1 ,2 
 A presentation was given to the Transwestern Marketing Group in Houston over the PCB issues affecting sales of natural gas into western markets.  The history and future potential impacts of market stratgies were also discussed.  A training session on the Dehy MACT was attended in Santa Fe which was sponsored by the state of New Mexico, apprising companies of forth coming requirements under Title III.  A request will be sent out ot the field for each location which has dehydration to complete a extended gas analysis and rich lean glycol samples.  Notification to the staes and EPA is due by June 17, 2000.  A conference call was attended to discuss the C/S 8 turbine project and its fate.  Based upon submitted discussions it was decided to dispose of the turbine, compressor and auxillary box as a PCB contaminated waste and move the contaminated articles to a PCB landfill.  The quarterly Transwestern/SoCal PCB management committee mtg was held via conference call.  Invoices and charges were discussed which So cal had charged to their management and handling of PCB's on their system. At 86%, Transwestern's responsibility was $71,208.61.  Clearances were received from the F&W and SHPO for the additional areas for the powerline transmission corridor of the Gallup C/S which is in progress.  A custom fuel monitoring request wqas submitted to Region VI EPA for the Transwestern Lone Star Valero C/S.  Installation and testing has been initiated on the precombustion chambers for the Superiors at the Atoka No. 3 C/S.   While fabrication is in progress for the correct chamber,  temporary Waukesha chambers were installed.  Even though the chambers were not of the correct size and configuration, a 12.5% fuel savings was achieved and emissions were reduced by over 56%.  The correct chambers will be available and installed sometime next week. 
 Mike I wanted to give a short update on the latest events related to the PCB issue with PG&E.  Transwestern met with PG&E this last Wednesday with an agenda that included some sharing of sampling results collected downstream of their first C/S (Topock) and on out west toward their main distribution areas.  With respect to the most recent sampling data, Low PCB concentrations (N.D. to 38 ppm) have been detected in drips and interconnects between Topock and Hinckley C/S.  The good news is that PCB's have not been detected downstream of Hinckley which is approx. 160 miles from the Topock C/S.  PG&E has also initiated construction and installation of some drips and small separators at locations where their gas feeds into other lines or directly into customers.  the proposed installation date for the large mainline filter separators is still on target for 6/1/00.  Now for the bad news.  At the conclusion of the meeting, PG&E has stated that they want their Topock C/S decontaminated.  This includes all piping and equipment.  I stated to them the impractabibility and zero success rate of removing all the PCB's from their system and that there would be no quarantees that the deconning would be successful.   The contract PCB deconning companies only have permits which would guarantee cleanup to 10 ug.  They were told that it would be impossible to clean everything and that in all probability the PCB concentrations would be showing up as the gas continues to move through the system.  Additionally, the better remediation approach would be to continue to remove PCB containing liquids at strategic locations.  Even with this, they were pretty insistent that their management wanted the facility cleaned.  Preliminary $$ estimates range to approx. 3-5 million.  I think that this is only the "tip of the iceberg".  If they are successful with this action, the pipeline system will be next.  Their pipeline is not piggable and to make it such would require replacement of pipe, valves etc.  Ill keep you informed on this,,,,,,, 
 Michael, our liquids data collections have been pretty lean.  Its only been in the last couple of months where we have actually collected any arsenic data.  I will send to you what data have have with respect to arsenic, including some historic reserch in the Abo field of southeast New Mexico where the arsenic is generated from down hole.  The source is not so much from what is coming out of the wells (catalyst towers were installed in the late 80's to trap the arsenic) as the residual which has collected in the pipeline prior to the installation of the catalyst towers....... 
 yes. let me know. 
 what's the final plan.  where? when? where do we meet? 
 don't worry about the margin call.  it's taken care of.  LC 
 what are you guys doing for new year's?  work 713.853.9351 home 713.777.0146 pager 800.963.0942 
 both. you have to schd. all your trades. 
 As a reminder, the state of Texas requires releases of natural gas greater than 119 mscf  to the atmosphere (in a 24 hour period), to be reported to the Regional Offices of the TNRCC.  These releases include but may not be limited to the following:  ESD's, startups, shutdowns, pipeline ruptures and maintenance activities.  Should any of the above activities release natural gas in excess of 119 mscf, a written notification should be faxed to the Regional Office of the TNRCC  within the following timeframes:  Unanticipated Upsets- within 24 hours after the discovery of the upset.  Maintenance, Startup or Shutdowns- 10 day prior to the expected exceedance.  This reminder is being sent to all ET&S teams within Texas because in the last two Northern Natural Gas compressor station inspections conducted by the TNRCC,  they specifically requested backup data and reporting documentation of the natural gas releases to the atmosphere which were greater than 119 mscf.  The agency's  inquiry specifically addressed knowledge of compressor station venting for ESD, start ups and shutdowns.  It should also be mentioned that there has been inconsistencies in the TNRCC's position regarding this issue.  However, until a position has been adopted by Enron's GPG, I am recommending that each facility comply and report as appropriate.  The fax numbers for the following Regional offices are as follows:  Midland (915)  570-4795    Included facilities-  Wt-2, Walton, Keystone, Lone Star Valero, Spraberry, Seminole  Lubbock (806)  796-7107  Included facilities-  P-2, Plainview, Brownfield  San Angelo (915)  658-5431  Included facilities- Reagan Co. 2, Irion Co. 1, Eldorado  Reporting forms for the release can be faxed to your location by request by contacting me at (505) 625-8022. 
 user id: lcampbel password: megan1 
 nope.  what's the occasion? 
 http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sd1.pdf  http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sd.pdf 
 http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sd.pdf  go to page D-6 for the capital loss carryover worksheet.     http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sd1.pdf 
 http://test3.thespark.com/gendertest/ 
 http://www.quicken.com/investments/news/story/djbn/?story=/news/stories/dj/200 10228/BT20010228006390.htm&symbol=JNPR 
 Just a short note to let you know that I received a call from Rod Bosche of PG&E apprising me of a meeting PG&E will be having with SW Gas this tuesday. They will be discussing PCB issues and the sampling results from the PG&E system.   From discussions with Louie, a media statement is being prepared by them which Louie has a copy of.  The statement is a little harsh and makes some statements which are incorrect.  Louie and I are planning to attend this meeting in Las Vegas to possibly assist in making some suggestions about rewording their statement and provide some additional insight and history on the Transwestern system with respect to PCB's.  The results of this meeting will be forwarded at a later date..... 
 https://www.admission.com/html/seatmap.htmI?l=EN&CNTX=23689&C=US 
 9214 Sanford 77031 
 1414 South Dairy Ashford #515 77077 
 id lcampbel password megan1 
 Steve, you have been given all the written permit history and portable analyzer correspondance from myself to and from the State of New  Mexico. All of my air permit files were copied and sent to you previously.  If there is confusion, I apologize but everything that has been agreed to by the State of New Mexico has been made available for review and use.  If I need to sit down with you and or others to go over this, let me know.    Steve SanMiguel 03/13/2000 08:12 PM 
 i do not know this person.  i think you have the wrong larry campbell. 
 your resume is good enough b/c i gave it directly to the hiring people. 
 Don Baughman and Juan Hernandez.  If the listing you saw says Edwin Coulter, he no longer is part of the group.  LC 
 No. thank you 
 Mike, I spoke to Ralph and he gave me an open week of April 17th in San Francisco.  He thought that one day would be more that adequate.  I need to have somebody contact the PG&E side for their availablity during that week. Should I or someone else contact Rod Bosche or let Louie do this from his end with our legal contacting their legal?  Some of the highlights that I had requested to Ralph for his presentation was the following:  PCB's are a contaminant, just as benzene is, which occurs naturally in the gas.  Health issues of PCBs in pipeline are not a concern especially from a customer and employee standpoint (the name PCB lends itself to public outcry of the unknown)  Removal of PCB's is best accomplished by managing liquids, not deconing  Fiilter separators are a proven method of PCB removal  Transwestern's proactive assistance with SoCal on their system to manage their PCBs  Most pipelines on the east coast have PCB's and no adverse environmental impacts have occurred      Michel Nelson 03/28/2000 09:18 AM 
 Based upon valving constraints and the innaccessability to the inside of the pipe between our M/S and the Topock C/S, a decision has been made to postpone cleaning of his section of the pipeline.  should cleaning occur of this section, it is anticipated that it will not occur untill the installation of the filter separator at the PG&E C/S, sometime later this year.  Vector has been notified of this change in plans and will adjust their cleaning schedule  accordingly. 
 A meeting was held with the Roswell Team at C/S No 8 discuss roles and responsibilities of the Title V Operating Permit for the Corona C/S.  The sale of the TW Crawford C/S has been cancelled.  A permit revision was requested to the Air Quality Bureau to transfer the new permit to the existing facility to keep intact the ability to conduct turbine power unit replacements without agency notification.  Preparations are in place for the forthcoming meeting between PG&E and Transwestern over PCB issues on their mainline.  Analytical shows that the PCB's are continuing to move further downstream into their system.  Ralph Komai, with SoCal, will make a presentation concerning  SoCal's experience with PCBs on mainline and LDC systems and present it during the 4/20 meeting in San Francisco.  The annual certification for the Atoka No. 3 C/S was reveiwed for completion and submitted to M. Nelson for signature. 
 Michael, we may have to petition the teams for theri analytical 
 Rich, this is the public notice for the groundwater remediation at the TW North Crawar facility. Because we are emitting emissions to the air from the contamination in the groundwater, we had to have a permit..... 
 Larry, as per our conversation, presented below are the emissions factors provided by the state of Colorado for the T-7000 Centaur under permit 97LP0653 :  PM10   14.000/MMSCF  TSP   14.000/MMSCF  NOx   0.100/MMBTU  CO   0.121/MMBTU  VOC   0.0348/MMBTU  Formaldehyde  0.00438/MMBTU  acetaldehyde  0.00546/MMBTU   As you already know, the emissions factors for the Centaur 50H turbine under permit 97LP0885 can be found on page 5 of this permit which was issued on October 6, 1999.  Remember, the state has given us until May 19 to have the rolling emissions calculations completed for both turbines at the facility. 
 George/Norm because there is no immediate concern or liability with the partially filled excavation, I want us wait for the official letter from the tribe before taking it upon ourselves to fill the excavation.  I dont want to send  a message to the Lagunas about us taking environmental matters into our own hands without involvement from the tribe.  If there is a reason to expidite the covering of this open area, then lets  send another  letter requesting to do so.  Given the other issues yet to be resolved at the station, lets keep the tribe involved and a part of our environmental activities.  I want to maintain a good working relationship with these people.  As you may remember, they were a little irritated by Transwestern's neglect of not keeping them in the loop previously.  Lets not open that type of issue again......    George Robinson 05/05/2000 02:00 PM 
 will do.... 
 1. Status of Mainline Filter Separator Project.  Earl Chanley has indicated that the June 1 target date for in service is on schedule.  There will be 2 mainline separators for each mainline system. PG&E is also on schedule for June 5 & 7 pipeline tie ins to each bank of separators.  The only outstanding issue is an air permit for the 1200 gallon tank at the separator installation site.  This is a PG&E issue and will not create a delay of the in-service date.  All other permits and approvals, according to PG&E, are in place.  PG&E has stated that after operation of the separators, they will want to discuss maintenance issues with ET&S.  Post construction of the separators will result in 2-50 ft joints of 34 in. pipe.  PG&E will perform wipe tests on each piece to determine reuse and or disposal.  If the pieces test  to be regulated by state and federal, PG&E will consult their legal group to determine whether they will decon or dispose as a PCB regulated material.  If the decision is to decon, PG&E has indicated that they will seek another contractor other than Vector to reduce costs associated with cleaning the pipe.  2. Review Test Results of Ongoing Gas Sampling.  Update since last sampling discussion in San Francisco.  Good news is that at MP 353 (kettleman C/S), latest sampling showed non detect.  The third round of sampling taken at this location is not available.  All other samples collected at suspected liquids locations areas showed PCB liquids results to be decreasing  toward Hinkley C/S.  Line 311 is a 12 in. line which travels north to Ridgecrest, Ca  also feeds  IMC Chemical Plant.  Previous testing showed non detect.  Most recent sample showed 22 ppm.   Second sample has been collected but results are not available.  Samples are proposed to be collected at the IMC Chemical Plant.  There is a potential for the IMC Plant to be PG&E's biggest single commercial customer and therefore, this site is considered to be a sensitive area relating to PCB's.  Kern River Station continues to show PCB concentrations  of 1-3 ppm.   The gas from this location feeds into a portion of the Southern California Gas Co.  system which is PCB free.  3. Discuss Future Sampling Process and Frequency.  West end of the PG&E system has not been sampled.  The east end of the system has at least 2 rounds of sampling conducted.  Sampling frequency for these locations is once every two weeks.  When a sampling location is shown  to have liquids, it is resampled two weeks later and is included into the sampling program. Transwestern has requested to PG&E to increase the collection reservoirs under the meters and valves to allow greater removal liquids from the pipeline system.  At the present time a small nipple is inserted into the bottom of the valve and meter body  for the liquids collection.  By increasing the nipple size,  a greater collection container will be produced.  It was mutually agreed that until installation and operation of the two the separators, PG&E will continue to sample each location once every two weeks.  4. Review Criteria Used to Determine Need for Tap Filter/Separators.  Originally 29 locations were identified to receive the small filter separators.  These locations were considered Priority 1 sites.  The determination of a Priority 1 site is based upon the following criteria:  1) a location where liquids were collected twice and 2)  ppm concentration of the liquids collected was > 1.0 ppm. Based upon these criteria, Ridgecrest and Bakersfield (Kern River Station) have been added to the list of Priority sites.  Flow through at the Kern River location is 300-500 mmscf/day.  Samples collected at this location have shown PCB's in the range of 1-4 ppm.  PG&E's agreement with SoCal at this location is <1.0 ppm PCB's in the liquid phase.   PG&E has indicated that there is some sensitivity at both of these locations due to the large volume of gas deliveries.  PG&E and Southwest Gas have been in discussions concerning 5 additional filter separators on the Southwest Gas system due to substantial customer load at these locations.  Southwest Gas feels it needs additional protection at these sites.  PG&E has stated that Southwest Gas is beginning to express additional concern for PCB's at their interconnect locations.  5. Review and Discuss List of Proposed Tap Filter/Separators.  a. Siting, Design and Engineering  b. Cost Estimates  PG&E passed out a booklet pertaining to 9 small filter separator sites, plus an additional sheet for 16 sites with back-up to be produced in the next week. .  Four of these separators have been installed.  A total of 45 filter separators may be proposed for installation.  The cost estimates for the additional small volume  F/S up to the 29 indicated at the last meeting is 1.2 to 1.3 million.  The sampling costs have not been included in this number. Estimates are being reviewed on a per sites basis as PG&E presented.  One PG&E customer, a cement plant, has inquired about PG&E deconning portions of their plant that has PCB's.  PG&E is in discussions with the cement company.   PG&E has informed the cement plant that it will evaluate the success of the filter separators to be installed on the line feeding the cement plant prior to committing to any action.  If the deconning occurs, it will be a 2001 project.  6. Ongoing Consideration of Additional Customer Protection.  Compressor Oil Control.  The majority of liquids collected at strategic sampling locations is compressor oils.  Transwestern has requested access to the PG&E C/S to study lube oil systems.  There are 22 compressors at the Topock and Hinkley C/S's.  Transwestern will conduct a  study of technologies to assist in reducing oil from entering the pipeline system.  Earl will coordinate site visits with Glen Riddle.  7. Other Issues or Concerns.  Earl requested additional information on invoices submitted after January, 2000.  rod will send back up and support data of existing invoices sent to Transwestern.  PG&E is considering increasing gas receipts from Transwestern to 250-300 mmscf/day cap by May 15.  Over time PG&E will look into their C/S configurations to handle the increased gas flows to 450 mm scf/day.  8. Next Steps.  The next meeting was proposed in 45 days.  This time period will allow inspection and operation of the mainline filter separators and collection additional sampling data at new and suspected sampling sites.  The location of the next meeting was tentatively scheduled for Flagstaff AZ on July 13 as some of the PG&E meeting attendees will be in Flagstaff during that week on other business. 
 Thanx George for the update.  Norm would you mind visiting with Ms. Bernacik and explaining to her the difference between the excavation area where the underground tanks were removed and the landfarm area?  If need be we can write her another letter requesting the closure and backfilling of the underground storage tanks.    George Robinson 05/25/2000 04:12 PM 
 Received the "permit by rule" approval for the turbine power unit changeout for the Keystone C/S.  The emissions testing results for the Plains Turbine Station was submitted to the TNRCC.  Discharge renewal applications for C/S No. 9 and Monument Turbine C/S were submitted to the OCD.  Notification to the New Mexico AQB was given for the power turbine changeout at the Atoka No. 2 C/S.  One employee was skill verified for level II environmental  During the routine weekly sampling of the PG&E system, it was discovered that approx. 3 oz of liquid had collected in the new filter separator in the PG&E C/S yard.  A request was made to analyze the liquid for not only PCB's but also pH to determine if the liquids resulted from the caustic and water cleaning of the upstream portion of the pipe leading into the PG&E C/S . This is the first occurance of liquids at this location since this new filter separator was installed and put inot service. 
 The Title V air permit for C/S No. 4 has been issued. There are some requirements and conditions under this permit that the team should be aware of and will be required to comply with.   I would like to visit with the team at their safety meeting in June or july to go over the conditions of the permit.  Please give the the dates in June and July when your next safety meeting is.  This Title V presentation should last about 3 hours.  Thanx 
 Guys, I received Harrell's memo concerning the fuel use for the turbine and the fact that you had to reduce gas producer speeds to comply with the permits fuel use requirements.  My question is, how does the fuel use compare with what Solar says the fuel use should be?  If we can get Solar to provide written guarantees and "UP" the fuel use value for the turbine, we can up the fuel value on the permit.  The state of Colorado perceives increased fuel use beyond manufacturers values as the turbine not operating correctly and in need of mechanical adjustment.  From their eyes, this would be a strong indication of excess emissions, and I think there evaluation would hold some merit.  Anyway, I dont want to send up a red flag to the state of Colorado.  Would you contact Solar and compare their fuel use values with what the monitors say the turbine is burning at La Plata?  Then let me know.  If worse gets to worse, I may be able to use another tactic, but only as a last resort. 
 During the quarterly conference call with SoCal in which we discuss PCB costs on the SoCal system, for which Transwesten is 86% responsible, Ralph Komai, SoCal's PCB person provded some addtional information with respect to what is going on with the PCB activities on the SoCal system.  As a result of the PG&E press release, SoCal management directed additional sampling to be done at their interconnect with Transwestern and downstream of this interconnect. Ralph reported that a number of liquid samples came back at around 7 ppm, however one sample at their Kelso Station, near Barstow,  came back at 77 ppm.  Ralph had indicated that there has been an increase in the PCB's coming into their collection locations in the Needles area as evidenced by the following:  Based upon 1997 data, almost no liquids greater than 50 ppm were revcovered  Data collected in 1998 showed that approx. 8% of the liquids were greater than 50 ppm  Data collected in 1999 showed that approx. 9% of the liquids were greater than 50 ppm  Based upon this, Ralph had stated that SoCal would be collecting additional sampling information and possibly entering into an internal montoring program, somewhat like PG&E is currently doing now.  I had informed Ralph that our Needles M/S facility had seen almost no liquids in the last 5 years, other than a recent accumulation of a one time pigging in early 2000 when a small volume of liquids (less than 55 gallons) had been collected.   We discussed that the accumulations seen on the SoCal system were probably from existing liquids on their system which had collected in low points in their pipeline and were moving downstream due to the increased flows from TW into SoCal.  Ralph gave the impression that there were no immediate management tensions resulting from the recent "hits".  He just indicated that they would be watching their system and sampling at a more frequent basis. 
 Atttended the NMOGA meeting in Farmington, NM.  It appears that the BLM will implement its own noise criteria in areas within New Mexico that are deemed sensitive by the BLM.  The proposed noise threshold will be 48.6 DBA(A). There are no Transwestern facilities in the Farmington resource area which will be impacted by this proposed level, however the potential exists for several Transwestern locations in southeast New Mexico to be impacted.  A meeting was held with the president of Del Mar, concerning the issues associated with the lead in their lead acetate tape for monitoring sulfur concentrations in the natural gas.  A  request  was made to the company to determine the feasability of recycling the tape and eleviate the management and disposal issues associated with the tape as a hazardous waste.  The quarterly SoCal Transwestern PCB conference call was held this week. Transwesten's share (86%) of SoCal's PCB management activities was approx. $79,000.  Due to the press release  by PG&E concerning the increased occurance of PCB's into their system, SoCal has initiated increased sampling activities on their system and will be proposing to do additional monitoring to track liquids from Transwestern's M/S into the SoCal system.  Preliminary sampling results at strategic liquids locations on the SoCal system has revealed hits of PCB's in the range of 7-10 ppm, although, a  hit of 77 ppm was discovered.  As a result of an isolated hit of PCB's into the new filter separator at the PG&E C/S in excess of regulated levels, a  conference call was held the ET&S VP to determine forthcoming activities with PG&E.  A meeting has been scheduled at the PG&E C/S next week to reveiw sampling on the PG&E system and discuss the recent hit of PCB's in the F/S and what forthcoming activities will be conducted at the site. 
 A meeting was held in Laughlin, Nv with PG&E to discuss the liquids which were received and analytical result of 505 ppm which occurred at the PG&E F/S.  Additional discussions centered around the latest migration of PCB's into the PG&E system and control technologies to stop additional migration of PCB's into PCB free portions of their distribution system.  Annual emission fees were paid to the ADEQ for C/S No. 1, Kingman in the amount of  $31,145.26  Annual hazardous waste fees were paid to the DTSC for the facilities that operate in the state California  A  meeting was held in Albuquerque to discuss and apprise involved parties of histoirc and proposed activities for 2000 for the 10 groundwater remediation projects currently being conducted in Texas and New Mexico.  Received a call from the TNRCC about an air quality inspection at the Irion Co. No. 1 C/S on 6/30.  the team was notified and preparations are currently being completed to ensure that all recordkeeping, permits and monitoring reports are onsite during the inspection. 
 Leo, for my weekly report please use the following:  Provided environmental oversight and sampling for the cleaning and decontamination of the filter separator at the PG&E C/S.  Assisted the San Juan team in preparing for the forthcoming consolidated audit in July.  Witnessed the post noise surveys for the Gallup and Bloomfield C/S's which were FERC requirements under the 7C certificate for construction.    Leo Nichols 06/27/2000 06:07 AM 
 As a result of the latest meeting with PG&E over the greater than 500 ppm PCB liquids collection at the PGE Topock C/S filter separator (F/S), presented below is a summary of the deconning and sampling activity which occurred 6/29/00.  Vector was instructed to use a high caustic detergent (Cimclean) as the cleaning agent for removing PCB's from the Topock F/S (50:50 Cimclean:water mixture).  Diesel was not used in the deconning process.  The only equipment cleaned by Vector was the PG&E F/S.  Transwestern's filters in its separator were replaced,  but no cleaning or deconning was perfromed to this unit. The filters were also replaced in the PG&E separator.  The following samples were collected during this project:  On the Transwestern side:  1. Wipes (3) of the interrior body of our filter separator after the filters were removed.  Large areas were wiped to determine presence/absence of PCB's.  (Not 100 sq. cm. sample)  2. A composite sample of a used filter removed from the upstream separator at the Selexol Plant.  The filters appeared to be exceptionally clean  3. Composite sample of the fine powdery rust  which had collected in the bottom of the F/S.   Approximte volume one cup.  4. Composite sample of the used filters from the F/S. Visible appearance of the filters removed from this vessel showed them to be clean and    virtually unstained.  A small discoloration was present on the ends of each filter confirming that the filters were sealed properly in the F/S.  5. A sample of an unused clean stocked filter.  This was a control sample.   On the PG&E side:  1. A liquids sample of the residual in the upstream leg of the Topock filter separator prior to deconning.  Approx. volume one cup  2. Sample of the solids (fine, blackened, powder) which had collected in the F/S.  An estimate of the volume of this material removed form the F/S   prior to deconning was approximately one gallon.  3. Wipe samples (3) of the interrior of the F/S prior to deconning (not 100 cm sq. wipe)  4. Used filter media from the F/S.  The operation of the F/S filters are designed to be a twice pass through of the same filter.  Composite samples were collected of the upstream and downstream portions of the filters.  5. Wipes (3) of the deconned filter separator interrior walls.  The only inconsistency observed during the cleaning and inspection process was the volume and  buildup of the black fine powdery hydrcarbon material which was present in the F/S at the Topock C/S and conspicuously small amount of rust colored material which was present  in Transwestern's F/S .  As previously mentioned, samples were collected of  both materials.  The only difference between the two locations was the color of the materials and the volume.  It is suspected that the deconning activity conducted in August of 99 loosened hydrocarbon solids present in the 1850 feet of pipe which had over time moved and collected in the PG&E F/S.  The small amount of rust materials observed in the Transwestern F/S is the result of the pigging activity from the Selexol Plant into the Transwestern F/S.  I will have reprensentataive samples of both materials.  Photographs  were also taken of the cleaning and inspection activities and will be available for review at the forthcoming meeting in Flagstaff with PG&E. on the 13th of July.  Analytical results will also be completed at this time. 
 When we do the emissions testing at C/S No. 3, Luepp, we should be aware of the positives and negatives.  The positives being the information which Steve and company will collect.  This appears to be a  very useful tool.  There is also is no permit emission limits associated with the permit at this facility.  There also exists the potential to pay lower emissions fees should this investigation show that the emissions from the units to be significantly lower than what was placed into the permit application.  The downside to this effort is that the data we collect may in fact show that our emissions fees which we have been paying actually under estimate those submitted in our application and we would more than likely be held accountable for the difference (1996 to the present).  Additionally, enforcement action could result by the Navajos.  I say this to apprise everyone of the positive and negative potentials involved in completing this study.  From the emission estimates which were placed into the permit application we included a defendable buffer or excess of emissions to account for variations in the temperature, humidity, engine age and poor engine mechanics should they exist.  And finally, we have the unknown of not knowing what the three units actually emit.  These units have never been tested.  This uncertanty in itself may be the driver to know so as not to have a situation which was similar to what happened at Atoka No. 3 several months ago. 
 A meeting was held with the Eunice Team to assign roles and responsibilities for the newly issued Title V air permit for the NNG Eunice C/S.  The permit is similiar to the other title V permits issued to New Mexico faciliites.  Assisted the Gallup Team with the preparation, completion and submittal of the Title V semi anual compliance monitoring report and annual certification report.  The state of New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted an inspection of the Wt-1 C/S.  This inspection is interesting in the fact that all combustion equipment has been removed and dismantled and replaced by electric units. Written notification was submitted to the agency several months ago and a written reply was received from the agency that the facility is exempt from any and all permitting requirements.  A meeting was held with the Artesia Team to assign roles and responsibilities for the newly issued Title V air permit for the Atoka No. 3 C/S.  Also discussed was the permitting approach which will be followed for the approval to install micro pre combustion chambers on two White units which were found to be out of compliance with the air permit emissions limits when the New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted a surprise inspection at the facility. 
 I received a call from Ralph Komai, PCB engineer with SoCal, about a pipeline liquids collection SoCal wants to take at our Needles facility.  Ralph said that SoCal will be undertaking a study on their pipeline to determine why the concentration and liquids volume of PCB's has reduced into their system in the past couple of  years (97-2000). I shared with Ralph and up until this year, we have not had liquids at the Needles facility since 1994.  He stated that they have seen reduced concentrations and are curious as to why this trend is occurring (sounds like good news to me).  He said that their data shows the following:  1998 liquids concentrations  only 1% regulated at the federal level  1999 liquids concentrations only 8% regulated at the federal level  Ralph has requested that SoCal be allowed to collect a  liquids sample at the Needles M/S and I have contacted the Needles team about assisting SoCal with the collection.  I would expect that this may have implications with respect to slight increased billing for analytical charges that SoCal will be charging us for and we reveiw on a quarterly basis with them. 
 Louie/John, this memo summerizes the results of the environmental due diligence which was performed on the Texas Panhandle and Cortez, Colorado portions of Equilon pipline system for which EOTT may be interested in purchasing.  This memo presents those environmental issues which may be or were identified as a potential environmental concern.  Lefors (Texas Panhandle Segment)  Assets on this portion of the system which may have environmental  issues were the following:  1-80,000 bbl. liquids product storage tank, 41 small tank batteries consisting of 1-3 product storage tanks each.  Average tank size is 210 bbl.  Approximately 15 tank locations are within 1/4 mile of an existing waterway.  There are stream and river crossings included in this package.  The pipeline crossings viewed appeared to have sufficient  soil coverage and did have block valves on the upstream and downstream portions of the pipeline crossings.  1. Clean Air Act.  There were no records kept at any office or location which would assist in the determination of compliance with Title III, or Title V. The  following documents were not present:  emissions inventories and or records of fees paid, O&G MACT compliance (HAP's),  operating permits.  NSPS Supart Kb compliance could not be determined also.  The 80,000 bbl tank construction date was in the 1930's and has a fixed roof.  It has a concrete bottom and the  tank has never been emptied for inspection.  No  Railroad Commission 653 inspection has ever been conducted.  2. Clean Water Act.  Although soil berm and containments were present around all tanks that were inspected, SPCC plans were not available at any location.   Interviews with the Equilon personnel stated that there had never been a reportable release from this tank.  In addition, location Texaco MB Davis pump  station had a small 3'x4' UST which received liquids from leaking packing material which had overflowed and visible soil staining was present. At this  location a T-stand pipe had been constructed into the soil berm to allow discharge of rainwater from the containment area.  This water discharged into  an ephermal arroyo which ultimately collects into the North Fork of the Red River, a perennial stream.  3. NESHAPS.  At the Lefors Station, there exists several joints of new and used pipe which is suspected of having external coating and pipe wrapping containing asbestos.  4. NORMS.  A NORM survey has not been conducted on any portion of the assets which are identified in the bid package.  5. Soil Staining.   There was minor soil staining at all locations inspected.  6. There is one active groundwater remediation in progress identified as the "10 mile hole".  Equilon will retain ownership of this issue.  There had been two  pipeline remediation projects for which Equilon had reported to the TRRC and had remediated the site.  7. TSCA.  One electrical transformer was discovered at the Lefors Station. It had been tested and determined to not have PCB's.  8. Safe Drinking Water Act.  There was an abandoned drinking water well at the Lefors Station.  It had not been in service for an undetermined period of time.  9. RCRA.  There was an abandoned out of service Fox boro meter at the Lefors Station.  Status of the potential releases of mercury could not be visibally determined.  Bug-Patterson Gathering System (Cortez, Colorado)  This system includes the following:  Lady Bug Station  minor incidental equipment at this location.  1. There were no environmental issues at this site from assets owned by Equilon.  Adjacent to this site was a producer site which had been blowing hydrocarbon liquids into an earthern unlined pit.  There was historic use of this pit.  Although surface contamination from this pit was present, it was not  known whether subsurface soil and groundwater conditions underlying the Equilon assets had been impacted.  Patterson Station 1-10,000 bbl floating roof steel product storage tank with fiberglass bottom, installation date 1981, one propane driven waukesha F817GU engine horsepower unknown,  1. Clean Air Act.  There were no records kept at any office or location which would assist in the determination of compliance with Title III, or Title V or the  construction permit notification process administered by the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment.  The  following documents were not  present:  emissions inventories and or records of fees paid, O&G MACT compliance (HAP's),  operating or construction permits.  NSPS subpart Kb compliance could not be determined.   Determination of the permitting status for the six cylinder Waukesha could not be determined.  2. Clean Water Act.  Although soil berm and containments were present, an SPCC plan was not available at this location.  Interviews with the Equilon personnel stated that there had never been a reportable release from this tank.  Rainwater which collected into the containment was discharged into an ephermal arroyo by a pipe constructed into and through the dirt containment.  3. NORMS.  A NORM survey has not been conducted on any portion of the assets which are identified in the bid package.  4. Minor soil staining was present around the 10,000 bbl tank.  5. Adjacent to this site was a producer site which had been blowing hydrocarbon liquids into an earthern unlined pit.  There was historic use of this pit.   Although surface contamination from this pit was present, it was not known whether subsurface soil and groundwater conditions underlying the Equilon assets had been impacted.  Patterson Junction  1-10,000 bbl floating roof steel product storage tank with fiberglass bottom installation date 1987. Electrical pumps were present to transfer liquids from the 10,000 bbl tank to the truck loading facilities.  1. Clean Air Act.  There were no records kept at any office or location which would assist in the determination of compliance with Title III, or Title V or the  construction permit notification process administered by the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment.  The  following documents were not  present:  emissions inventories and or records of fees paid, O&G MACT compliance (HAP's),  operating or construction permits.  NSPS subpart Kb compliance could not be determined.   Determination of the permitting status for the six cylinder Waukesha could not be determined.  2. Clean Water Act.  Although soil berm and containments were present, an SPCC plan was not available at this location.  Interviews with the Equilon personnel stated that there had never been a reportable release from this tank.  Rainwater which collected into the containment was discharged into an ephermal arroyo by a pipe constructed into and through the dirt containment.  3. NORMS.  A NORM survey has not been conducted on any portion of the assets which are identified in the bid package.  4. Minor soil staining was present around the 10,000 bbl tank and transfer pumps.  5. A small bucket had been placed into the ground, below ground surface to collect liquids from meter.   Cortez Office.  In the office yard, several environmental issues were present and are listed as follows:  old spent 12 volt batteries empty drums open buckets containing oil and oilfield sludge  The  pipeline stream crossing at the Montezuma Creek  showed the pipeline to be exposed in the bottom of the creek for a distance of approx. 12 feet. There were block valves on the upstream and downstream segments of this crossing.                 and the equipment in the Cortez office building. 
 I want to bring interrested parties up to date on the issue of replacing the fuel mixers with carbuerators at  the Spraberry Plant.  It seems that this replacement was performed ONLY as a fuel savings activity and that there would be no increase in emissions or horsepower as a result.  According to the TNRCC, they will allow this activity provided that the above is true and that we prove that emissions and horsepower will not increase.  To do this they have requested that we conduct an emissions test on one of the units with the mixer on and then with the carbuerator on as a condition of their approval.  IE before and after testing.  I am going to request that we be allowed to do the testing with a portable emissions tester, which has been verified in side by side testing on New Mexico units as opposed to bringing in a third party referenced testing company.  Contractor testing runs about $3-5,000.  A condition of all permitting issues is that the carbs are not supposed to be installed on the units (preconstruction) until approval has been given by the agency.  In this case, we will be allowed to install a carbuerator on the one unit to be tested but not on all units.  Should testing show other exceedances (emissions or Hp) in addition to fuel savings, this will trigger actions requiring perimtting.  Under the circumstances, I think it would be in the best interest of NNG to know for certain that we have not violated the grandfather status of the units and that if our activity requires permitting, we comply immediately.  I am sending out the letter request to the TNRCC today.  If approved, we should test ASAP.  Remember, that sampling ports in the exhaust stack of the unit to be tested will need to be constructed prior to testing.  Let me know if the Team will need a diagram showing the sampling port locations. 
 Approval was received from the Texas Railroad Commission to discontinue groundwater monitoring at the Pucket Plant.  As you may remember, Transwestern constructed a permitted landfill to dispose of the entire facility near Ft. Stockton.  Groundwater montioring activities have been ongoing since aprox. 1988.  A permit condition states that if three years of groundwater sampling data confirms that the groundwater protection standard has not been exceeded, the groundwater monitoring activities can be terminated.  A letter from Leslie Savage granting this approval was received on July 14, 1999.  Ken Gray, all other conditions of the permit are still in effect (noxious weed and mesquite control, monthly site inspections recordkeeping etc.....). Continue to keep the records accurate and up to date.  I anticipate that we will be required to monitor  and conduct housekeeping activities at the site indefinately. 
 A phase I due diligence was completed for EOTT on two liquids pipeline segments in the Texas Panhandle and in Northwestern Colorado.  The assets are owned by Equilon Pipeline Company.  A copy of the findings have been submitted to Legal.  There were some deficiencies and potential liabilities discovered as a result of this activity.  Assisted the Roswell team in the preparation and completion of the 6 month and 12 Title V certification reports for the Roswell C/S.  No deficiencies or non compliance issues were identified for this 12 month period.  Annual certification reports were submitted to the TNRCC for 3 Transwestern and 8 Northern Natural Gas C/S in west Texas.  There wer no deficiencies or non compliance issues identified for any of the 11 facilities during this 12 month period.  The TNRCC reviewed the emissions testing report for the NNG Plains C/S and requested modification to the original report submitted.  The testing contractor was contacted and  a revised report was submitted to the agency. 
 I received word from the TNRCC that they will allow a portable emissions test at the Spraberry C/S to confirm that the replacement of the fuel mixers with carbureators will not cause an increase in emissions.  I will send out the letter today to the TNRCC reqesting written approval to do the testing.  I would strongly recommend that the Spraberry Team have the sampling ports installed on the unit that they select to be tested and have this testing completed ASAP.  Remember, the unit selected must be tested with the fuel mixer on and then remove the mixer and conduct a test with the carbureator on.  Whoever performs the portable emissions testing will need to ensure that we follow a portocol that I will submit to the state. 
 Max, I spoke to Pete Metzner of METRIC Corporation about the status of the environmental assessment you need for the above project and he said that he has received the packet you sent him but he needs to have additional clearification on some items which are pertinant for completing the EA.  Mr. Metzner was concerned that he would not be able to complete the EA by the specified time unless he discussed these issues with you.  METRIC has extensive experience with environmental assessments, but is not familiar with pipeline terminology and pipeline actions proposed uder the agreement with the Office of Pipeline Safety.  When you get a chance, would you please contact Pete at (505) 828-2801.  Thanks. 
 Particpated in a Consolidated audit of two facilities on the Northern Border Pipeline system.  Very few items of concern were identified.  Submitted to the state of Texas Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests.  Submitted to the state of Arizona Shpo annual blanket renewal requests.  Submtted to the state of New Mexico Shpo and Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests.  A natural gas relase of 1.57MMscf was reported to the state of New Mexico and Houston GPG for a line lowering in an agricultural area.  The quarterly Transwestern SoCal PCB conference meeting was held. Transwestern's share of PCB activities on the SoCal system at 86% was $122,867. 
 George, Ive read through your stuff on the Gomez remediation and need some help.  Why are we collecting so much groundwater.  Im concerned that charges for twice weekly disposal may be perceived as excessive, even though the costs are reasonable.  Are we trying to dewater or what?  Other than that, I dont mind ensuring the protection of the upstream spring and think we should get busy on the well installations.  Do you think this will do it with respect to no more wells needed.  Id like to get to that position as quickly as possible. 
 Dennis, see attached          Dennis Howell 10/04/2000 02:17 PM 
 This is a message from Kerry.  I just converted and moved Larry Campbell (lcampbe) to the W2K server.  He uses ESIS.  I successfully converted the tables and have the links corrected (logged in as kgramse), however Larry cannot use the system.  I received a message while logged in as Larry stating that the data/application was "Read-Only" when I attempted to re-link the tables.  Please check the permissions on GTROS-FS01P\APPSRW  Thanks,  Kerry 
 I received a call from a permit engineer with the Arizona Dept. of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) concerning the issue of notification of mechanical activities at C/S 2  Flagstaff and a mandatory 7 day wating period for agency review and approval.   Due to the urgency of the C/S 2 work being performed, I had written a notification to the agency friday evening requesting approval to initiate the activities detailed in the scope of work which was included with the letter.  On Monday, the engineer called and said that he had read the letter and had no problems with the activity proceeding at the C/S.  After we had discussed this issue at some length, I posed the question to him of whether it was necessary to notify the agency of mechanical and maintenace activities which  will not impact or change a combustion units throughput, fuel use, emissions, horsepower, or cause a change in design.  After some discussions I informed him that Transwestern will probably inundate the agency with notification letters, he stated that as long as the engines operating parameters would not change, ( horsepower, emissions, throughput, fuel use etc), and the burden of responsibility will rest on Transwestern to ensure that no permit conditions are violated, he stated that we may proceed with these types of activities in Arizona without any notification to the agency.  The only hitch being, that when Transwestern does a major mechanical activity, which would cost more than  25-30% of the cost of replacing a unit, that we provide them a courtesy notification.  I told them we would apprise them of such an activity..... 
 Lorraine, I dont have a problem with continuation of this sampling, but we better hear from our conservative tight fisted attorney first.... 
 Bill, Just a short note to let you know whats going on at Bakersfield.  I have spoken to the agency inspector about one of the NOV issues and have been told that EOTT will definately receive a an NOV and fine for failure to conduct the emissions testing on a heater that apparently should have been tested approx. 6 months ago.  With repsect to the other NOV issue, Rick Suderman had a testing company in to perform emissions testing on another heater which was required to be tested by today.  As the testing contractor began his testing, an 02 issue developed with the equipment the testing company was using and a miscommunication on the part of the testing contractor was directed to Rick.  As a result,  the  the inspector observed elevated CO readings from the heater that  Rick had made adjustments in the heater set points (based upon recommendations from the contractor) causing the elevated CO readings to result.  The inspector stated that the facility would receive another NOV for this exceedance.   In any event this isssue was NOT Rick's fault and was due to some bad communication on the part of the contractor.  We have sent the testing company home and will be bringing in another testing company (AEROS) on thursday.  This is the contractor who has done the majority of the previous emissions testing for the facility to complete the heater testing and substantiate the innaccuracy of the first testing company's data.  With this new data, we shold be able to demonstrate inaccuracy in the first testing company's QA/QC.  It should also be mentioned that we have identified other environmental issues which we should discuss at your convenience.  Butch and I will have completed the permit compliance investigataion and be available for discussions on friday.    William Kendrick 01/10/2001 07:53 AM 
 A 2:00 pm central  time conference call has been scheduled to discuss the most recent PCB analytical results for the Topock Lateral.  Your attendance is requested.   The dial in number is   877-795-3687.  Access code is 395119.  Bob Iverson has been notified by phone and will be in attendance. 
 I wanted to present this summary of the meeting Transwestern had with representatives of the Laguna Pueblo concerning the status of the PCB remediation activities by TW.  On the Laguna side were members of the Laguna pueblo, the PEOP a  technical oversight group that provides expertise and assistance on technical issues for all of the 19 pueblos in New Mexico (ranging from UST to superfund), and members of ETS ( 5 members of the Laguna team, Butch Russell, Rick Smith  (advisor for the Laguna team), myself)  and George Robinson.   This is the third meeting we had in the last year and a half with this group since the Lagunas have started showing renewed interest in environmental activities on their pueblo.  The meeting centered around two issues at the site: the closure of the UST and the PCB remediation activity.  With respect to the first, concensus was reached that we would continue monitoring and collecting groundwater samples at the two downstream well locations from the UST site on a quarterly basis, and send the results to POEP for review.  With repsect to the PCB remediation issue, things were a little different. The POEP representatives expressed concern on behalf of the Laguna tribal Coucil that the progress of the remediation activities Transwestern is presently using to bring closure to the site is not showing positive goals toward  achieving cleanup at the site and that the data submittals to the Lagunas have verified this.  They indicated that that have been patient with Transwstern's attempts to allow natural attenuation to reduce the PCB contamination, but based upon the historic sampling results, that this technology is not proving to be very successful, in fact the results have shown stagnant results  (Im using their words).  They would like to see Transwestern implement other more proactive technologies to arrive at cleanup and closure of this site.   Members of the Laguna pueblo, who work for the POEP,  expressed concern that the PCB contamination could negatively impact future generations of Lagunas members and that it was the responsibility of Transwestern to clean up the contamination which they brought onto their lands.   One member of the Laguna pueblo called the contamination a "cancer" with potential to spread.   A comment was made by the POEP that there was a major potential of increasing the magnitude and spread of the contamination if we continue to just maintain  our present approach of just monitoring the site and installing additional wells..  A member of the POEP has been in contact with a consortum of individuals from North Dakota State University, (Energy and Environmental Research Center) who claim to be experts in reclamation of contaminated sites which are considered difficult to remediate (this site would certainly fall into this category due to the presence of the sandstone bedrock which has numerous cracks and channels present which direct  the PCB containing liquids present at the site).  Although the POEP was not recommending Transwestern utilize their service, they did strongly suggest that we should at least discuss this site with them.  It shold also be mentioned that Syed Risvi, the POEP Superfund representative was at this meeting.  He had mentioned that the  POEP has been in discussions with EPA Region VI concerning potential classification of the site on the CERCLIS list of sites for inclusion on the NPL..  He had indicated that he did not want to see this site included on the list, but stated that Transwetern needed to update and show postive results in our remediation efforts and that it was the tribal councils opinion that this was not being done.  At the conclusion of the meeting, I informed the POEP that Transwestern's internal remediation group  would contact the NDSU group and discuss the site characteristics with them and we would reprot back to them the results of our discussions.  This seemed to satisify the  POEP and they were content with this.  John, I would like to schedule a conference call with the above list of people and discuss this issue.  A couple of things I want to bring out. First, we will be undergoing ROW and Compressor Station renewals with the Lagunas in the near future.  Second, on the Laguna tribal lands, they have experienced other releases of contimation and are currently very sensitive to this whole  contamination problem.  Although we are considered by the POEP as proactive up to this point  and very easy to work with (direct quote from the POEP)   they are wanting a more proactive and measurable effort from Transwestern to clean up the PCBs. Please get back with me on this. 
 This is a short note to apprise those that the before and after emissions testing for the fuel valves and carbuerator at  the Spraberry C/S has been submitted to t he TNRCC.   The data showed fuel savings, as we had hoped it would and we also received an emissions reduction benefit.  According to the agency, this replacement activity will not require an amendment to the permit, which will be a plus for the company.  My compliments to all involved for the retesting and efforts it took to make this happen.  I will forward the response from the TNRCC as it is received. 
 Rick, Terry had informed me that Solar had trouble with this unit in making its emissions guarantees, prior to shipping it to La Plata.  I was not aware of this when I permitted the unit.a couple of years ago. In an attempt to solve the problem, in November,  I had submitted a modification to the permit to the state of Colorado  requesting additional emissions as it appears the unit exceeds its permitted levels during the colder months.  I received a call form the state of Colorado and they said they are hesitant to approve of more emissions for us.  We reached an agreement with the state that they would remove the pound per hour limit and keep the ton per year requirement in an attempt to give us more operating room (the higher emissions months would be balanced by the warmer months which produce less emissions. However, after Terry went through the calculations we were still exceeding the permitted emission limits when we calculated yearly limits.  I dont know if Solar might have sold us a bill of goods but based upon emisisons calculations, the unit cant stay under the emissions guarantees that Solar promised.   We have notified the state of Colorado, as the permit requires and Im sure they will be following up on this.   Let me know what Solar says.......    Team San-Juan-LaPlata  01/24/2001 11:08 AM 
 see attached  save for thursday 
 Ed the 6" project you are talking about is a small project independant of Rogas where a 6"line will be constructed from North Coles and run above ground, if possible, to a tie in approx. 1 mile away.  We will need a waiver for this.  There  wont be any by pass crossing concerns and  only ocal notifications due to the efforts to run the pipe above ground.  The reason for constructing above ground is to minimize surface disturbance.  Im sure that one of the conditions of the approval for this construction actiivty is that EOTT wil be required to maintain integrity of the pipeline to ensure no releases.....inspections, reporting etc....  Ill keep you in the loop on this..... 
 John, I had asked Randi to complete an annual report for the F&G 2081 permit, as I did not want to have this hang over our head when EOTT's 2081 application was reviewed.  This may be the annual report that were talking about.  As you remember, the 2081 requires an annual report for activities conducted for the prior year and it is due by Jan 10th of every year.  It was not been submitted for 1999 or  2000.  Because Randi has been personally involved in all construction activities at the North Coles Levee facility, I thought she would be the prime person to complie the reports for us and then we would submit.  If this is the annual report everyone is talking about, then, yes, I instructed her to do these, primarily, because she has been involved since the get go and she has the information.  She has also promised the reports to me by 2/15 for sumibttal to the F&G.    John Shafer 02/05/2001 04:09 PM 
 John, this is a short note to let you know where we stand on the  7 mile pipeline construction Rogas Project with respect to environmental  permitting and approvals.  The following documents and applications have been submitted to the agencies:  California fish and game 1603 application  Kern County Floodplain Management Agency-encroachment application  US COE 404 Nationwide permit- preconstruction notification  Reclamation Board- encroachment application  Califonia State Fire Marshall-waiver to install aboveground pipeline  Office of Pipeline Safety-waiver to Install aboveground pipeline  I am checking to see what state requirements there are for SHPO clearances for this project.  I would suspect that they would  want us to do a field survey prior to construction.  It seems that every Califonia state and county agency is a candidate for notification or approval.   Ill keep you apprised...... 
 John, I have attached the site characteristics for the 4 locations in Az. where Transwestern plans to install the four RB211's.  With this information please provide emissions quarantees for each location (sta. 1-4).  We will use the same gas quality for each location.  I have a meeting with the agency on the 26th of Feb. and would greaatly appreciate the guarantees prior to this date.  If possible, I am going to try and permit each site for 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the 25 ppm NOx number, so I would appreciate your assistance in this also.    Date-Time: 02/15/01 11:09  Analysis Time:   230  Cycle Time:   240 Stream: 1  Mainline        Mode: ANLY      Cycle Start Time: 11:05 Analyzer: Ndl - 8501       Strm Seq:1 Company: Enron Transportation & Storage SN: 385247  Component        Mole    BTU    Relative Name        Percent  Gross   Density C6+ 50/50/00       0.0422     2.17   0.0014 PROPANE            0.4186    10.56   0.0064 i-BUTANE           0.0631     2.06   0.0013 n-BUTANE           0.0930     3.04   0.0019 NEOPENTANE         0.0000     0.00   0.0000 i-PENTANE          0.0290     1.16   0.0007 n-PENTANE          0.0235     0.94   0.0006 NITROGEN           0.6117     0.00   0.0059 METHANE           95.3741   965.47   0.5283 CARBON DIOXIDE     1.5388     0.00   0.0234 ETHANE             1.8061    32.03   0.0188 TOTALS           100.0000  1017.44   0.5885  '*' indicates user-defined components  Compressibility Factor (1/Z) @ 14.73000 PSIA & 60.0 DEG.F= 1.00213  Base Pressures              14.73000 ------------------------------------ Gross Dry BTU             =  1019.61  Corrected/Z Real Relative Density Gas =   0.5895 Unnormalized Mole Percent =  100.113  sta. 1  sta. 2  sta. 3  sta.4  Elevation    5164  7240  5000  7334  ambient temperature range  10-115F  -10-115F 0-105F  -10-100F  loading range    40-100% 40-100% 40-100% 40-100%  humidity range    31-97%  16-80%  20-90%  30-97% 
 John, Lou, Cutty, Bill, I want to bring this issue back up for your attention, as I know that everyone is very busy.  During the EPA Title V inspection at the Laguna C/S this past week, Barbara Bernacek, the Laguna environmental person was present.  She had been asked to be there by the EPA.  During our tour of the facility, she casually asked if any progress or decision had been made by Enron management towards remediation assistance in the groundwater issue at the Laguna C/S.  I had informed her that we were still actively discussing this issue and would contact her in the near future concerning management's decision.  I would appreciate it very much if each of you would revisit my memo below and  then lets discuss what should be done and the approach we should take in addressing the Laguna's concern about a proactive approach to reaching cleanup and closure. 
 Bill,  the baseline noise surveys, which have been completed, were performed by Hoover and Keith out of Houston, Tx.  I have a meeting scheduled with the permit engineers from state of Arizona on Monday to discuss the permitting for the two C/S on state lands.  Ive dealt with these individuals before, but the ADEQ has gone through some reg changes and I want to visit with them on that.  After that meeting, I will decide who should do the applications.  I have  calls in to the person I deal with in the EPA in San Francisco for the two locations on the Navajo lands.  Pending the outcome of each  meeting, I will decide who to use.  Ive used Argent in the past for both Arizona permits and Indian lands permits, and they would probably be my first choice.  I am keeping Mr. Ayers involved in the permitting process and all changes or activities that impact the permits for Arizona.  One thing that I shold mention is that I spoke with Phil Lowery about his desires for this project. He has requested that the existing units at each station maintain operations for six months after the turbines have been installed to act as a backup in the event that the turbines temporary fail or to iron out any potential kinks.  Based upon the reduction in emissions from the existing mainline units, which will be permitted for a six month period, there will still be an overall  major emissions decrease.  After the six month period, the existing units will be abandoned in place and not be operated again.    Also, my intent is to permit these turbines at 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the lower 25 ppm NOx number to eleminate the problems that were originally encountered on the Northern Border system.  If this was a new station, I probably wouldnt be allowed to use the 45 number, but seeing as how there will be a major decrease in emissions from shutting off the recips and using the turbine, this should be easy to do.  The differrence in emission between 45 and 25 is not that great and it will allow the facilities in Az a larger range of operation comfort as opposed to the 25 ppm number that Rolls says they can do, but has had trouble reaching.  One thing that has complicated the permitting is the elevation and temperature extremes at the locations.  By permitting at 45 ppm, this will greatly help this.     Ill share the emissions numbers with you, when I receive them from Rolls and the emissions info I have from the existing units.  I have spoken to Terry Hacket about doing the F-1 document for the FERC submittal, and have been feeding him data and supporting information for the report.  Based upon the scope of work for the turbine installation, the F-1 report will be completed by March 1.  Is there something Ive missed? 
 A 2:00 pm central time conference call has been scheduled to discuss the most recent analytical results from the Topock Lateral PCB sampling.  Your attendence is requested for this call.  the dial in number is 877-795-3687. Conference code 395119.  Bob Iverson's name could not be found in tha Lotus directory but has been contacted via phone and will be in attendence. 
 This is a gentle reminder, and Im sure that most are aware, but under no circumstances is there to be any construction activiy initiated for the turbine installation at the four mainline compressor stations, until the air construction permits are issued by the applicable air agency.  Construction activity is defined, but is not limited to roads, trenching activity, buildings, electrical poles etc.  The state and federal agencies take a very dim view on initiating any attempts to initiate construction prior to approval.  This approval is considered to be the air permit authorizing construction of the proposed activity.  Your assistance in this compliance issue will be greatly apprecaited.   Data generation and agency consultations are now in progress to expidite the permit submittals.  Should you need further clarification, give me a call (505) 625-8022 or via e-mail. 
 Thanx, George.  Please let us know what their initial reaction and evaluation is of the conditions at Sta. 6.  Im interested in what their thoughts are with respect to the remediation of  the sandstone fractures and movement of condensate with PCB's..    George Robinson 02/21/2001 01:46 PM 
 Rich, thanx for the sampling update.  Ill pass it along to the apropriate parties.  A cursory look at the data shows it to be inconsistently up and down, as expected, with no glaring increases.  Anything urgent we need to discuss? 
 I wanted to let everyone know that the meeting between Southwest Gas and SoCal concerning presence of PCBs on the Southwest Gas system will be this tuesday.  I had an opportunity to speak with Ralph Komai today during the PCB quarterly management conference call  that Transwestern has with SoCal to discuss PCB related invoices.  As a brief summary, Southwest has had isolated hits of PCB in liquids (232 and 132 ppm) and in wipe tests (10-100 ug/wipe) in regulators on their system and they have asked Ralph if he would assist them in the management and disposal of PCBs on their system.  He wil also be providing thoughts on how and why PCBs move in a gas pipeline.  I had asked Ralph not to mention about Transwestern's agreement with SoCal for which Transwestern pays SoCal for 86% of their PCB costs.  I had asked him to only focus on the Southwest system.  Apparently Southwest is not up to speed with the PCB regualtions, however, enough so that they do realize that the mega rule will impact their operations and Ralph will probably provide input for that as well from an LDC standpoint.  I asked Ralph whether Southwest seemed excited or worried about the PCB discovery on their system and he indicated that they were more concerned about compliance with the PCB regulations.  Ralph said he will let me know the results of the meeting. 
 Mr. Stewart, as per you voice mail request to me on Feb. 20, 2001, attached is the correspondance concerning the reqeust to replace the mixing valves with carbuerators at the Northern Natural Gas, Spraberry Plant.   The players in this activity included Jon Fields of Argent Consulting.  Due to the fact that the pre testing data for the emissions from the mixing valves and the post testing data for emissions from the carbuerators were received in hard copy only, I am not able to provide this as an attachment.  This data was, however, sent to you via fed-x on January 24, 2001.  If needed, I can resubmit the results of the data for your review.   As expected, the emissions levels did decrease when the carbs were installed.  Please reveiw the attached correspondance concerning the request to replace the mixing valves at the Spraberry Plant (TNRCC account No. ML-0022-W) with carbuerators without requiring involvement of a permitting activity.  Thank you for your consideration in this issue. 
 Mr. Stewart, as per your voice mail request on Feb. 20, 2001, attached find the correspondance relating to the request of replacing the existing mixing valves with carburetors at the Northern Natural Gas, Spraberry Plant.  In this discussion, Jon Fields of Argent Consulting was involved.  I have attached for your review the letter requests from Northern to you and the e-mails which were traded back and forth from yourself and Argent.  The results of the pre testing emissions with the mixing valves on and the post testing of the emissions with the carburetors on were mailed to you on Jan. 20, 2001.  The testing results were compiled in hard copy form and are not included with this submittal, but can be resubmitted if requested.  Your favorable request in this replacement activity is requested. 
 Arnold, I think I will pass on the meeting.  Please apprise me of anything I may need to know from the meeting.  To bring you up to date on the environmental events of the turbine approvals in Arizona,  I received the rough draft of the baseline noise survey and you were copied.  As discussed, we should address changes to the documents as the contractor has made some obvious conclusions and asumptions which are not valid or representative of what we would like to do or not do.  I was contacted by the Navajo Nation and they have requested that we do onsite surveys at the C/S on the reservation (C/S 3 and 4)  for T&E plants and animals and archeology.  I have contacted a contractor and they will be on site to do the surveys at both stations.  I am planning on having the entire C/S facility surveyed at both locations as there has not been a pin point location established as yet for all the construction and ground disturbance which will take place.  In the event there might be changes after the survey is completed, surveying the entire facility will keep us from having the new distrubance areas surveyed after the original survey was completed.  The F-1 environmental document for the FERC application will be submitted to Donna by this friday.   The air permit applications for C/S 1 and 2 have been started.   I have a meeting with EPA in San Francisco to discuss permitting the C/S facilities on the reservation on 3/20.  Im going to try and move this meeting up if possible.  After the meeting, I should be able to have an application in front of the Navajo air permitting agency and the EPA within a week.  Based upon experience with the state of Arizona, EPA and the Navajo Nation, expect permit approval within 5-7 months after submittal of the application. 
 I was just informed by the Navajo Nation that prior to receiving approval from the agency fo rthe installation of the turbines, an archeology survey is to be performed at each compressor station site.  Be advised that an archeologist will be present at sta. 3 on 3/ 9 this friday in the am and at sta. 4 on 3/12 monday also in the am to conduct the required surveys.  Please have someone from each team present at each location during the surveys and allow access to the facility by the archeologist.  The survey should only last 3-4 hours.  Donna, I spoke to the Navajo Nation about expiditing the report submittal once the archeological surveys have been completed and the Nation  said that under their current regulations, assuming that there are no cultural resources identified at either location, they are allowed 30 days to review the findings before they are required to issue the final report.  She didnt think it would take this long, but said that due to existing surveys back logs, and personnel, it might.  Ill keep the pressure on.  The Navajo Nation F&W has not returned my call about what they might require.  Birds of a feather...  Ill be persistent here also.......and let you know when I find out something.......... 
 Bill, things have pretty much quieted down on Rogas as compared to the last couple of weeks, but heres whats new:  A meeting has been scheduled on 3/16 with the California Fish and Game to discuss the following issues:  1)presentaiton of the 1999 and 2000 annual reports which are required by the facility's 2081 permit. 2) developing an agreement with F&G as to how the 41 acre credits held by EOTT will be managed to ensure compliance with requirements of the F&G. 3) Presentation of the results relating to surveys conducted in the path of construction for the Rogas project.  The waiver to lay pipeline above ground for the Rogas constsruction was approved by the Offfice of the State Fire Marshall, Pipeline Safety Division.  There were 8 city, county, state and federal agencies notified by application for approval to construct the 9 mile pipline system consisting of 3 piplines.  This is the only agency approval received as yet.  Acre credits were obtained from Aera for the construction of the Rogas pipeline.  Aera is an oil company with major holdings of acreage available for purchase.  It was felt that due to the time constraints for initiating this project and the concern with not receiving the credits from the F&G that EOTT would purchase Aera credits to ensure procurement of the necessary acreage for the Rogas project.  This is a major plus for the project. 
