n) per year and could trim staff in the long term as a result of the restructuring. In a separate statement responding to an inquiry by the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange, Klabin said its consolidated net revenues would be 10 percent higher in 2001, driven by exports and a depreciation of Brazil's currency. The company posted net revenues of 1.9 billion reais ($684 million) in 2000. 
 Karen,  I have a doctor's (eye doctor) appointment tomorrow at 9:30. I will come in the office first and then go to see the doctor.  thanks, Monika 
  Thanks Andrea, I made an appointment there. Monika 
 thank you dear. 
 Hello Ivonne,  I do not have an insurance card for the vision health plan. Can you tell me what I need to do to before I go to a doctor? Also should I find my own doctor or is there a list of names provided. Can you clarify this to me or tell me who do I need to contact for this?  thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Karen,  Attached is the pulp presentation and the BEK slides are: # 6, 8, 9, 18, 21, 22.    Thanks, Monika 
 Ayesha,  Attached is the pulp presentation. I used RISI as the primary source of information and where RISI had no data I used other sources.    Monika 
 thank you  :) 
 sure! 
  Good afternoon,  Attached you will find the spreadsheet that contains information on Abitibi's mills pulp consumption classifying it by by purchased pulp and internal pulp as well as by by grades of pulp consumed: BSKP, TMP, DIP (ONP/OMG)   Thanks, Monika Causholli 
 Hello,  Please find attached the market wrap for the week of October 26th. If you have any questions you can contact me.   thanks, Monika Causholli Ext. 5-1510 
 sounds good! 
 Dirk,  Attached is a spreadsheet that contains hardwood prices delivered to Japan, China, and S. Korea and where th origin of the pulp is.  Hope this is what you were looking for Monika 
 Thanks Danilo. This is very helpful. Monika 
 Dave,  Attached is the spreadsheet with the Abitibi paper mills and their pulp usage. Let me know when we can meet.  Monika 
 Hi Ami,  Sorry for not getting to you earlier. I am at home today. I don't think I have the MTH prices. I have requested those from RISI today so hopefully they will send them to me fast. The other prices are in the folder o:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/RISI PRICES  Thanks, Monika 
 I did give the itinerary to you but if you still need it I can give it to you again. Also, Dave knows that my husband is coming with me but I don't know if Andrea knows. If there is a problem with this let me know.  Monika 
 Dave,  I am fine. I thought Karen told you about me working from home today. I am reading the tissue book that I just received from Esko Uutella Consulting in Germany.  I am also working on Abitibi's mills and send it to you by email. I asked Greg Bruch about the mills but he did not know the information as much in detail as we had it.  Thanks, Monika 
 I did contact RISI and they will send it to me by email.  Monika 
 I will be working from home for the rest of the day today. If you have any questions you can send them by email as I will be checking it from home.  Thank you, Monika Causholli 
 Thank you very much. We will give it a try. 
   Peggy,  Attached is the market wrap of last week that I am going to send out today.  thanks, Monika 
 Probably in three months. 
 I will be attending.  Thanks MOnika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets 
 Hello Margaret,  I am trying to figure out how my husband can obtain a driver's licence in the state of Texas but the office of social security, IRS, and DPS all give me different answers and are not helpful at all. We are confused. My husband is on H4 visa and he does not have a social security but the state of Texas requires the social security to obtain a driver's licence. He has a tax-payer SSN but that did not work for the licence.  Do you know what the law is in this case? Can we ask Enron lawyers about this problem? Common sense tells me that there can be a way for him to drive here but I don't know how.  Please help us,  Thanks a lot Monika Cauhsolli 
 In Europe this week FOEX showed an strong increase in both softwoods and hardwoods. This is the second increase for NBSK this year and it is a sign of successful efforts on the producers side to raise prices. NBSK was $458.89 up $7.76 (1.72%) BHKP was Euro 452.98 up Euro 9.25 (or 2%). Expressed in dollars BHKP came in at $415.48 up from $407.11.  Please see attached.    Monika Causholli 
 Nyree,  Just out of curiosity what is this for?  Attached is the form filled except for the CPU #. I don't know what this is.  thanks, Monika 
 Laura,  The pulp inventory is located in the O:/Industrial Markets/Fundamentals/Paper/Pulp/Raw Data.  Check the first tab in the spread sheet.  Call me if you have any questions. Monika 5-1510 
 Eugenio,  Sorry I am not going to be here. Can you reschedule for Wednesday? 
 Please find attached the pulp market wrap-up for the week of October 5.  If you have any questions you can contact me.   Thanks, Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345-1510 
 Yes sure.  I won't be here on Monday and possibly Tuesday so how does Wednesday sound to you? If it's ok let's plan on it.  Monika 
 SAO PAULO, Oct. 4, 2001 (Press release) Votorantim Celulose e Papel (VCP) announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire, through one of its affiliates, a 28% voting interest (12.3% total interest) in Aracruz Celulose, the Brazilian eucalyptus pulp company. The stake is being acquired from Mondi Brazil, a subsidiary of Anglo American for a cash consideration of $370 million. Raul Calfat, CEO of VCP, said, "This transaction represents an important step for VCP in strengthening our position in the global pulp and paper markets. This also enhances our status as one of the lowest cost producers with outstanding services to our customers. We are very pleased with this opportunity which we believe will create substantial value for our shareholders." Andrew Thompson, chairman of Mondi Brazil, said, "We evaluated the options for our investment in Aracruz and concluded that it was in the interests of our shareholders to sell our stake on these terms. We have valued being party to the development of Aracruz during our time as voting shareholders with board representation. We have been particularly impressed by the vision and leadership of Erling Lorentzen as founder and chairman. We are confident that VCP will be a supportive new voting shareholder and we wish both them and Aracruz success in the future." 
 Hello Mr. Uutella,  Thanks for sending me the report. I have read it and I am in the process of preparing a summary of it. I  have a couple of questions for you though.  First, can you explain a little bit about the TAD technology, like how it is done and so on. Also what does TAD stand for?  Second, what does AfH stand for?  Third, the consumption numbers for all the continents were given for year 1999. Do you have them for 2000 yet?  thanks for your help, best regards Monika Causholli Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345 1510 
 Thanks Nyree :) 
 Thanks! 
 You need the following ingredients:  Trout Fish (medium size) About 4 big yellow onions- chopped into little pieces About 4 pieces of garlic- also chopped in little pieces Tomato Sauce Red Pepper Black Pepper Bay Leaf Lemon Juice Salt White wine Vegetable Oil  The process:  1- Clean and wash the fish. Cut the head off you don't need that. Place the fish in a pan and pour lemon juice in it. Leave it in lemon juice while preparing the sauce.  2- In another pan put some vegetable oil and fry the chopped onions. After about 4 min add a little black pepper, red pepper, garlic, salt and bay leaf and stir. 3- Continue stirring until the onions are a little brownish in color. Then add the tomato sauce and continue stirring. You will have a reddish sauce ready. 4- In a baking pan put the sauce that you prepared above and open a free space in the middle for the fish. Place the fish in the middle. Then pour lemon juice and white wine on the whole pan and put the pan in the oven.  Keep an eye on it as fish is cooked really fast. When you serve it ad lemon juice again.   Another way of cooking the trout fish (much easier and I think tastier)  Get a small trout this time., After cleaning it place it in a baking pan. Then add olive oil into it (lots of it), lemon juice,  chopped tomatoes (about 2 tomatoes) , and olives. Just bake it and there you have it. Again when you serve it you need to add some more lemon juice. It's delicious!    Try any of these and let me know how they taste. Have fun Monika 
   Karen,  I have trouble printing so here is the cash costs for Indonesian mills. To easily identify I have bolded the row that contains the Riau Plant info. Cash costs are $164/mton.  Monika 
  Hello Avril,  We have found some good info on tissue paper from an independent consulting company.I talked to Andrea so we are going to go and purchase the study. The consulting company is located in Germany and the name of the person and his contact are:  Esko Uutella phone 49815129193 emila euco.uutela@t-online.de  Please read below for the kind of information he can provide us with and the related costs. We decided to get the whole package. thanks, Monika 
 Karen,  You are right. I should have included some of my comments on the FOEX recent trends. I''ll keep that in mind for next time.  Thanks, Monika 
 Andrea,  Attached is the pulp presentation. Please take a look and let me know of any changes or additions. Also, tissue facts are taken from a bank of America report as RISI does not have any studies on it. I found one guy in Germany that seems to do quite an extensive work on tissue. I sent you an email yesterday stating what he can offer us and what the costs are.  Also note that fluff pulp data is very limited. I am waiting David Pinault from RISI to get back to me as he is researching and digging inside his organization to find anything on the fluff pulp. All these data can be added to the presentation upon availiability.   Thanks, Monika 
 Yes I did forget it. Here it is.  thanks, MOnika Causholli 
 Today FOEX published its index for NBSK and BHKP:  NBSK increased by $ (1.13) or 0.25%  BHKP increased by Euro 6.97 (1.6%) to Euro 443.73. Expressed in $US BHKP was up by $2.15 (0.53 %) to $407.11 See attached  Monika Causholli 
