e= day. They were scored from 1 to 5 on their smarts, their problem-solving a= bility, their passion for hard work, and what at Enron was called "a sense = of urgency." People who scored less than 2.5 were scratched. The shrewdest = candidates knew how to work Enron before they were even hired: These were t= he types that automatically turned down the company's first offer, knowing = Enron would come back with more. The starting salary was around $80,000. Ma= ybe it wasn't a fortune-yet-but the signing bonus, about $20,000, was more = than enough for a lease on the obligatory Porsche Boxster or one of the lof= ts being renovated close to downtown. (Enron people didn't live in far-flun= g suburbs. Suburbs were uncool and too far from the office.) For the lucky winners, Enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted-a= nd-talented program. New associates learned the latest techniques for struc= turing energy deals, and there were rotations at Enron offices around the g= lobe. The hours were long, but every possible need was taken care of. A com= pany concierge handled all the things important people couldn't be bothered= with: picking up dry cleaning or prescriptions, shining shoes, cleaning th= e house, planning a vacation. Of course, a lot of people who worked for Enr= on never got to take vacations-they were too busy making money-but they cou= ld use the company gym and the company's personal trainers. If they were ov= erweight or wanted to quit smoking, they could join Enron's Wellness Progra= m. Massages were offered six days a week, from seven in the morning until t= en at night. "They were so cutting edge," rhapsodizes someone involved with= the company health care program at the time. "They really thought about th= e psychology and what it took to keep these people going." Skilling handed out titles analogous to those at Wall Street firms-analysts= , associates, directors, and managing directors-but everyone knew that thos= e titles didn't really matter. Money did. Instead of competitive salaries a= nd decent bonuses, Enron offered competitive salaries and merit-based bonus= es-with no cap. "If you really worked hard and delivered results, you could= make a lot of money," says Ken Rice, who stayed with Enron for 21 years un= til resigning recently as the head of the company's faltering broadband div= ision. Or, as the saying goes, you got to eat what you killed. Gas traders = with two or three years of experience could wind up with a $1 million bonus= . And the more you produced, the closer you got to Jeff: Real hot dogs join= ed him glacier hiking in Patagonia, Land Cruiser racing in Australia, or of= f-road motorcycling in a re-creation of the Baja 1,000 race, ending at a sp= ectacular Mexican villa. "Every time he'd speak, I'd believe everything he'= d say," one loyalist says.=20 And why not? By 1995 Enron had become North America's largest natural-gas m= erchant, controlling 20 percent of the market. But at a company where the b= uzzword was "aggressive," that was no place to stop: Skilling and Lay belie= ved the Gas Bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business.= Firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better serv= ice at lower prices for consumers (and untold profits for Enron), they bega= n barnstorming the country, pressing their case with entrenched power compa= ny presidents (who, with their multimillion-dollar salaries and monopoly se= rvice areas, had little incentive to change) and energy regulators (who wer= e somewhat more receptive, thanks in part to Enron's generous lobbying effo= rts). But the biggest winner of all was probably Jeff Skilling. In 1997 Ken Lay m= ade him the president and chief operating officer of the company. By then, = the division known as Enron Capital and Trade Resources was the nations lar= gest wholesale buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity. The divisio= n had grown from two hundred to two thousand employees, and revenues from $= 2 billion to $7 billion. "Mr. Skilling's experience so far with the turmoil= in the industry has convinced him that he is on the right track," the New = York Times noted. Everyone would certainly have thought so: Enron and Skill= ing had totally transformed one industry and were well on their way to tran= sforming another. "FIRING UP AN IDEA MACHINE; Enron Is Encouraging the Entrepreneurs Within,"= sang the New York Times in 1999. "In the staid world of regulated utilitie= s and energy companies, Enron Corp is that gate-crashing Elvis," crowed For= tune in 2000. Wall Street was demanding tech-size growth on a tech timetabl= e, and Enron, in 2000, obliged with second quarter earnings of $289 million= , up 30 percent from the previous year. That year the company seemed to dis= cover a market a minute: Under Skilling, Enron was trading coal, paper, ste= el, and even weather. No one blinked when a London wine bar became an Enron= client. People drank more in warm weather than cold, so why not buy a hedg= e against the usual winter downturn? But most exciting to the financial world was Enron's entry into high-tech c= ommunications. Because of the company's marketing dominance, EnronOnline be= came another overnight success, handling $335 billion in commodity trades o= nline in 2000. Enron, as usual, made its money on the spread between the bi= d price and the asking price. Then there was the broadband business: To Enr= on, trading excess capacity in large, high-speed fiber-optic networks (empt= y lanes on the fabled information highway) wasn't that different from tradi= ng the capacity of natural gas pipelines. So Enron created a market for wha= t the industry calls bandwidth. Soon after, it also announced a twenty-year= deal with Blockbuster to deliver movies on demand electronically to people= in their homes. Enron looked like a company that couldn't lose. "Its strat= egy of building businesses, shedding hard assets, and trading various commo= dities can help it do well even in an uncertain market," BusinessWeek insis= ted. There was, however, another reason Enron did so well in such a short time: = the company's hard-nosed approach toward its customers. The old notion of c= ustomer service was based on the long haul-you had to nurse and coddle cust= omers to keep them. But Enron had new markets and new ideas-customers had t= o come to it. Over time, the company stopping referring to its business cli= ents as customers and began calling them "counterparties." Skilling wanted the biggest profits on the shortest timetable: Gains were m= aximized by creating, owning, and then abandoning a market before it became= overtaxed and overregulated. So if you wanted to launch a high-risk ventur= e quickly-such as Zilkha Energy's new high-tech approach to drilling for oi= l-you got your financing from Enron because a bank would take forever to un= derwrite the project, if it ever would. But because Enron invented its mark= ets and subsequently dominated them, Enron could set the terms of its deals= , from the timeline to the method of accounting to whether the deal happene= d at all.=20 While many businesses used what was known in the industry as "mark-to-marke= t accounting," for instance, Enron used it on an unprecedented scale. The c= ompany priced their deals at current market value-but it was always Enron's= idea of the market value; companies that balked at their pricing didn't ge= t deals. And while old-fashioned companies spread their profits out like an= nuities over a period of years, Enron took most of its profit up-front. How= ever many millions would be made on a deal that covered several years, they= went on the books in the current year. If a few analysts thought there mig= ht be something fishy about what they called "subjective accounting," inves= tors didn't particularly care as long as the profits rolled in. As the mark= et fluctuated and the landscape changed, the company might abandon a projec= t that had been in the works for months because its profit margins weren't = going to be high enough. "Enron is known for leaving people at the altar," = says one former employee. Winning the highest possible profits for the comp= any could even extend to Enron's attitude toward charity. When a fundraiser= for the Houston READ Commission, a literacy group, called on Enron for a c= ontribution, it was suggested that he start raising money for Enron's compe= ting literacy charity: "Even the person who was supposed to give money away= for Enron was supposed to make money for Enron," he says. As Enron became more and more successful, the culture Skilling had created = took on a dark side: The competition turned inward. As one member of the En= ron family put it, "It became a company full of mercenaries." The change st= arted at the bottom. As Enron's domination of the energy market grew, most = of the recruiting frills fell away. New associates were treated much like t= he commodities the company traded. Global Change's Enron spies reported ove= rhearing orders like "I need a smart person-go buy me one" or "Buy me an in= telligent slave, quick." Enron had never been the kind of place where peopl= e sang to you on your birthday, but now the workaholism bordered on self-pa= rody: A Random Acts of Kindness program lasted only a few months. It was to= o disruptive. People couldn't get their work done. And, of course, Enron had a program for institutionalizing creative tension= . The Performance Review Committee, which had initially been installed by S= killing in the Capital group, became known as the harshest forced ranking s= ystem in the country. Employees were rated on a scale of one to five, and t= hose with fives were usually gone within six months. (The PRC's nickname qu= ickly became "rank and yank.") It was a point of pride that Skilling's divi= sion replaced 15 percent of its workforce every year. As one Skilling assoc= iate put it, "Jeff viewed this like turning over the inventory in a grocery= store." Skilling's approach to business-get in and get out-had become Enro= n's attitude toward its workers. In time, it would become many workers' att= itude toward the company. Teamwork, never that valuable in a trading cultur= e, went the way of the eyeshade and the abacus. If protocol required an Enr= on higher-up to come from Europe to help with a project in the Third World,= he might help-or he might not, depending on whether another, potentially m= ore lucrative project was pending elsewhere. Everyone felt the pressure to perform on a massive scale at massive speed: = "They were so goal oriented toward immediate gratification that they lost s= ight of the future," says one former employee. Anyone who couldn't close de= als within a quarter was punished with bad PRC scores, as were the higher-u= ps who had backed them. Past errors and old grudges were dredged up so ofte= n as new ammunition in PRC meetings that the phrase "No old tapes" became a= n Enron clich?. "People went from being geniuses to idiots overnight," says= one former Enron executive. In such a hothouse, paranoia flowered. New contracts contained highly restr= ictive confidentiality agreements about anything pertaining to the company.= E-mail was monitored. A former executive routinely carried two laptops, on= e for the company and one for himself. People may have been rich at Enron, = but they weren't necessarily happy. One recruiter described the culture thi= s way: "They roll you over and slit your throat and watch your eyes while y= ou bleed to death." BEFORE JEFF SKILLING COULD TRANSFORM ENRON from the world's leading energy = company into the world's leading company, he had to make one more change: J= ust as he had done ten years before, Skilling had to purge the company of i= ts remaining old order. Where Enron once prized cautious executives who dea= lt with tangible assets like pipelines, it now valued bold executives who d= ealt with intangible assets. Pipelines, power plants-they may have been Enr= on's pride, but Skilling wanted them gone. Expensive, long-term building pr= ojects had no place when Wall Street was devoted to quick profits and enorm= ous returns on investment capital, and Skilling knew it. "It wasn't the tim= e for long-term approaches," an Enron executive says of Wall Street's mood.= "It was the technology era." To rid Enron of the last vestiges of its past, Skilling had to take on Rebe= cca Mark, long considered his rival for the CEO's job. Mark was for many ye= ars the poster child for the Enron way: Young, attractive, aggressive-her n= ickname was Mark the Shark-she came from sturdy Midwestern stock but had th= e requisite Harvard MBA. Mark was largely responsible for the success of En= ron International, the asset-heavy side of the company where she developed = $20 billion worth of gas and power plants, which accounted for 40 percent o= f Enron's profits in 1998. For this she reaped breathtaking compensation-on= e Enron executive estimated $10 million-and adoring press clips, including = two appearances on Fortune's list of the fifty most powerful women in corpo= rate America. But then Mark ran into trouble with a gas-fired power plant in Dabhol, Indi= a, one of the largest ever constructed. She had played the game the Enron w= ay: Taking Enron into a new market, she had finagled low import taxes (20 p= ercent instead of the usual 53) and hung in through 24 lawsuits and three c= hanges in government. But the time and expense needed to make India and oth= er Enron plants around the globe successful did not mesh with Enron's goals= , and Skilling's impatience with Mark grew. Forcing Mark out, however, was no easy matter. Key executives left, divisio= ns were dismantled, but she remained. The truth was Enron didn't mind firin= g lower-level employees, but it hated to fire the kind of aggressive, relen= tless people it tended to promote. The company preferred humiliation-keepin= g a director in his cubicle, say, but failing to include him in the glamour= deals, or kicking someone upstairs with a fancy title. (One particularly d= ifficult executive won a few years at graduate school, gratis.) A company a= s smart as Enron could probably deduce too that dispatching one of the most= visible businesswomen in the country would provoke a public-relations disa= ster. So Lay and Skilling did something classically Enronian: They gave Mar= k her own company. Despite Skilling's contempt for asset-heavy businesses, = Enron spent more than $2 billion to buy a run-of-the-mill British water uti= lity that could serve as Enron's entry into the emerging world of water pri= vatization. Mark was put in charge of making Enron, yes, the world's greate= st water company. Azurix, as the new business was called, looked like anoth= er sure thing: Its IPO in 1999 raised $695 million.=20 But Mark had to succeed on Enron's increasingly abbreviated timetable in a = business fraught with political and emotional complexities. Water is not li= ke gas or electricity-owners and governments are a lot less willing to give= it up, even for lots of money. The company stumbled, layoffs commenced, an= d confidence evaporated. By August 2000 the stock price, which had started = out at $19, had fallen to $5. Mark's resignation followed, and Azurix, much= diminished, was folded into Enron. "I think it's best for Rebecca to start= afresh," Lay, who had been a mentor to Mark, told the Wall Street Journal.= Or as one critic put it, "They were more interested in destroying the old = culture than running a business."=20 As 2000 drew to a close, Skilling was in total command. In December Ken Lay= announced the inevitable: "The best time for the succession to occur is wh= en the company is doing well," he told the press. "Enron is doing extremely= well now." In February 2001 Jeff Skilling took over the CEO's job. ALMOST IMMEDIATELY THE TROUBLE STARTED. Enron's domination of the electric-= power market made it an instant target in the California deregulation debac= le. Both PBS's Frontline and the New York Times took on Enron, portraying t= he company as a heartless colossus that used its influence in Washington (L= ay and Enron's political action committee are the top contributors to Georg= e W. Bush) to force old people on fixed incomes to choose between buying fo= od or electricity. Skilling and Lay appeared on camera singing belligerent = anthems to the free market, while another memorable scene juxtaposed one of= the company's jackallike traders against a hapless state employee in Calif= ornia, as both tried to buy power online. The Times reported that Lay had t= ried to persuade a new federal commissioner to change his views on energy d= eregulation. The bad press was, to say the least, ironic: Just as the media= was pounding Enron for its omnipotence, Wall Street was discovering its we= aknesses. By late March the stock price had slid to $50 a share from $80 in= January. Within Enron, the asset-based divisions took the rap for the decline. (The = India plant continued to be enormously costly, at least in part because of = constant turnover within Enron's management team.) But the California situa= tion was more visible and therefore more damaging, despite Enron's claim th= at the state had never built enough power plants to service its population = and never properly managed those it had. "For three months Gray Davis did a= very good job of blaming us," says Mark Palmer, a vice president for corpo= rate communications. "We were a Texas company. There was a Texan in the Whi= te House. California was a state that didn't put him in office, and his big= gest contributor was a Texas energy company. Performance is going to take c= are of our stock price. The truth will take care of Gray Davis." (Californi= a utilities still owe Enron $500 million, another reason stockholders might= be panicky.) But more problematic than the crisis itself was Skilling's al= l too apparent lack of contrition. Facing down his critics, he cracked a jo= ke comparing California with the Titanic. ("At least the Titanic went down = with its lights on.") But the biggest problem was Enron's telecommunications division, which had = been responsible for at least one third of its heady stock price. Investors= believed that Enron could revolutionize high-speed communications, just as= it had revolutionized gas and power. Enron estimated the global market for= buying and selling space over fiber-optic cable would grow from $155 billi= on in 2001 to $383 billion by 2004-but then the tech bubble burst. So too d= id the much-hyped movies-on-demand deal with Blockbuster. For the first tim= e in its confoundingly successful life, Enron had nothing new to take to ma= rket. Like the popular high school girl who suddenly packs on a few pounds,= Enron suddenly looked less alluring to Wall Street. Skilling launched a campaign to keep Enron's most important cheerleaders, t= he stock analysts, in the tent, but he wasn't cut out to be a supplicant. D= uring the reporting of first quarter profits, he called an analyst who chal= lenged Enron's financial reporting an "asshole." When the company reported = hefty second quarter profits, many analysts questioned whether those profit= s had come from the generation of new business or from the sale of old asse= ts. Ignoring the growing chorus critical of Enron's accounting, Skilling pr= omised, as he always had, that innovations were just around the corner. "Th= ere wasn't any positive news," Carol Coale, of Prudential Financial, says n= ow. "Basically, he talked me out of a downgrade." The business press, so generous in the past, turned surly. Fortune had aske= d in March whether Enron was overpriced. ("Start with a pretty straightforw= ard question: How exactly does Enron make its money?") The routine cashing = in of stock options that were about to expire by key executives was portray= ed in the media as a fire sale. (Skilling had sold $33 million worth, Ken L= ay and Ken Rice close to four times that amount.) Then the Wall Street Jour= nal reported on a fund run by the CFO that had been a source of strife with= in the company. (It was essentially risk management against Enron's possibl= e failures.) Every negative story seemed to produce a concurrent drop in th= e stock price: By late August it had fallen below $40. Enron, so institutio= nally unforgiving, finally got a taste of its own medicine. "When Wall Stre= et is in love with a stock, they're forgiving of something like accounting,= " says Carol Coale. "When a company falls out of favor, all these issues ca= rry more weight." This fact was not lost on people inside the company, who suddenly started e= xperiencing an attack of conscience. Those who had looked the other way as = the most powerful Enron executives dumped their wives and married their sec= retaries or carried on flagrant interoffice affairs now saw the error of th= eir ways. "It just created an attitude," one executive still at Enron says.= "If senior people are doing that, why are we held to a higher standard? Th= ere was a real culture of 'We're above everyone else.'"=20 Loyalty had never been prized at Enron, so there was no reason to expect it= now. An old-fashioned, slow-moving company like Exxon could demand hardshi= p duty in Baku with the promise of greater rewards down the road. "But," as= one Houston oilman explains, "if you have to negotiate a hardship duty wit= h someone who doesn't have loyalty and has money, then you have a corporati= on that's better suited for good times than bad." As it turned out, that description applied to Jeff Skilling too. As the sto= ck price stubbornly refused to ascend, he made no secret of his unhappiness= and frustration. Then, after a trip to visit the families of three employe= es killed at a plant in England, he had an epiphany: Life was short; for hi= m, Enron was over. Ever stoic, Ken Lay returned to the CEO's office, named = a new president, arranged a trip to New York to calm analysts and investors= , and promised a kinder, gentler Enron in the future. Trading anything and = everything was out. The company, Lay says, will still innovate but "innovat= e much closer to our core." As for the culture: "Things like the Performanc= e Review Committee, I think we could have applied better. By trying to cate= gorize people into so many different categories, you ended up creating a mo= rale problem." That Skilling's supposedly brilliant colleagues were as shocked at the news= of his departure as the rest of the business community may be testament to= their lack of emotional intelligence. Despite Skilling's lengthy tenure wi= th Enron, he'd always been contemptuous of the long haul; he'd always belie= ved in cutting losses and moving on. But now that he was abandoning them wh= en the company was in trouble, it was different. "Even Jeff's biggest detra= ctors wouldn't have wanted him to walk out the door," one loyalist admits. But on the day we meet, Skilling is looking forward, not back. "Look," he s= ays with finality, "ninety percent of my net worth is in Enron. Were my int= erests aligned with the shareholders? Absolutely." Free of falling stock prices and shareholder pressures, he is nestling hims= elf back into the world of ideas. His eyes flash as he talks about new tech= nologies. "The first wave never gets it right," he says. "The stand-alone d= ot-coms didn't work, but the technological applications will create a secon= d wave that will change the world." Houston, he promises, will become the w= orld's center of commodity trading, and he intends to be a part of it. In f= act, he is already shopping for office space. "This is the second wave, and Enron's got it," he says, almost breathless. = "There are thousands of people running around the streets of Houston that g= et it." 
 I'm okay with the information (with cost center numbers excised).  Thanks 
 Here are my thoughts 
 Thanks!  Saturday was great.  Yesterday was not a banner day for me.  I just kept having feelings of remorse and then guilt that I was feeling remorse.  You're probably the only person that can understand how I'm feeling.  Talk to you tonight.  If you and Chad are gone to Karate before we get home -- we'll go to the store and have dinner ready. 
 Hi Nancy  I have Alina at the Dr for her physical this afternoon, but we should be home by 6 PM and be home all evening.  Sorry I missed choir last night .  We are still transitioning and Alina had a fit as we were leaving a friend's house to come to choir.  See you soon Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ha Ha - We have no busy schedule.  We are just trying to do exciting things like making it to work each day.  Feb. 9 is fine. Of course you have so kindly showered Alina with gifts that she isn't in need of much. 
 Please touch base with Gina and let her handle this. 
 I guess we'll cancel the direct report meeting since this means that Lynn, Steve & Mike will be absent. 
 Sorry Teb but I have an appointment with the Sinus Dr.  Can we visit in advance of your meeting? 
 Yes - please reschedule for Tues.  Thanks 
 How about 2:30?  I'll come to you if that time is okay. 
 I was afraid she'd think I was being difficult if I mentioned my displeasure at being pushed into the holiday airfare timeframe, not to mention my concerns about missing Chad's Christmas events in December and our nanny holiday issue. My gut tells me that we should tackle this by trying to get some sort of understanding about when translation will be completed and when our papers will be forwarded to Kazakhstan.  Because frankly telling us that we can travel 10 days after the other group means nothing if our paperwork hasn't been turned in sufficient time. 
 Hi.  Thanks for the info. 
 Hi.  Sorry we missed rehearsal Sunday, but we are definitely still "transitioning."  We will be out of town on Sunday morning at a family gathering and will not be in church to sing.  We will be at choir practice Sunday evening.  I'll look for March and April songs for the Cherubs.  The videotape of the Christmas program is cute.  Maybe we can find a time to watch it. 
 My meeting with Rod is next Wed. 
  I'm concerned about the magnitude of the supply imbalance that we've built up again.  Tim - are these numbers verified and up to date.  Can I get a breakdown of the 1.5 Bcf and the 700 MMcf current month portion.   It seems like we just worked down these balances in the fall and now we're building these balances back up again.  If these supply imbalances are building up as a result of Phase V outages perhaps the payback gas use should be separately captured and recorded against the project. 
  Did ETS officially make a bid to the bankruptcy court for abandoned equipment?  Any computers or just flat screens? 
 Sorry I'm so slow in getting back with you on your suggestion.  Nothing moves fast in the world of bankruptcy.  Before I left to go out of the country we had put together a proposal to the bankruptcy court to buy computers -- per Donna's note below the bankruptcy court hasn't acted on it yet.  I'll let you know if I hear of any opportunity for employees to buy computers.  Shelley 
 Ok I'm thru with appointment and am on my way in -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks again for the kind gift of beanie babies for the orphanage children.  Your kindness is memorialized in my journal.  If you are interested, I have in my office pictures of the kids with their beanies. 
 Please send me an email with your travel dates -- as I need to make some appointments and plans and I don't want to book while you are going to be gone.  Thanks 
 Tuesday will be fine 
 I will be about 15 minutes late 
 GISB group has not met yet. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  I would like to offer the gas controllers the first opportunity on the Gas Logistics Aeros tickets ( 4 tickets)  for the month of February.  Available games are:  Sun, Feb. 3 at 5 PM  vs Utah Grizzlies Tue, Feb 5 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves Fri, Feb 15 at 7:30 PM vs Utah Grizzlies Wed, Feb 27 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves  Please contact Ricki Winters at x35754 if you are interested.  The tickets will be given on a first come, first served basis. 
 Yes I am here actually I'm on a conference call.  I'll email later tonight.  Kim will be out of the country on Feb 9.  I'm hoping I can bring Alina and make a play date for Chad   We are headed to Austin tomorrow.  We'll be back Sun.  Can you meet at T and C on Sun afternoon Chad would like to go to Zainy Brainy and I need to exchange some things at Gymboree -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I forgot to send the address list before we left for Austin.  I'll give it to you tomorrow.  Alina, Chad and I will meet you and Miss B tomorrow at 1:30 at T and C Starbucks.  Then we can go to Zainy Brainy.  How long can you guys shop?  I have some gift certificates for Ann T, Gap and Gymboree.  What is the shower at Patsy's for? When do you have to be there?  Kim has to travel to Indonesia on business Feb 8 to Feb 19.  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I already had Donna prepare a revised budget with people assigned directly to pipes and no cross pipe allocations.  It is rough still -- but looks like we can stay within budget for each pipe. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Christi - here is the plaintiff malpractice reference from Cyndi.  Rick used to work with Cindy at Full bright and recently formed his own firm.  I know him and he's a great guy.   Rick A. Eckerson Sydow, Kormanik, Carrigan & Eckerson, L.L.P. 1111 Bagby Suite 4650 Houston, Texas 77002 713-654-8100 713-654-9353 (direct) 713-752-2199 (fax) reckerson@skcelaw.com 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sorry I missed your call last week.  Kim misplaced your email address so I'm taking a stab that this is it.  I'd love to talk to you about your upcoming adventure to Kazakhstan.    Do you know where in Kazakhstan you'll be adopting from?  Happy New Year  Shelley 
 Please remind me of who you plan to have stay in the TW/FGT world to cover SCADA? 
 Please pick one up at lunch. 
 Did Ginger give you any read on how long to translate our documents or when they might be sent to Kazakhstan?  Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks.  Please send a note to the gas controllers that we will be having a staff meeting 
  Hi Mrs. Traylor,  Obviously things have been a bit chaotic in our family life as we try to get Alina ("Chad's new adopted sister) settled into our routines.  We have been trying to keep Chad's routines as normal as usual, including bedtime and homework time.  While he seems happy with school, I have noticed decreasing marks on his homework and practice tests.  This especially concerns me with respect to his math -- where he has always been an excellent student.  Do you have any suggestions to help Chad with timed practice tests?  Do you recommend any particular classes (Kumon, etc) or workbooks?  If you think it is appropriate to meet to talk about Chad's progress, I could come to school anytime this Friday, February 1 for a conference.  Thanks  Shelley Corman-Erb 281-531-0385 (H) 713-853-7083 (W) 
 Patty, Stephanie & Barbara,  I have samples of Group's VBS curriculum and Children's Church curriculum and would like to get together and see what you think.  Group's VBS this year is called Bug Safari (think "Bug's Life").  The bible lessons are about David and play on theme of little in size, big in spirit.  The video (that can be used during refreshment time & is the basis of our Friday evening program) features Chatter the Chipmunk -- so we could reuse the adorable costume Ann Turney made.  I would like to select the curriculum with you guys before we have our volunteer luncheon (which I would like to do in late Feb or early March).   I would also like to agree on the date in mid-late July for VBS.  I think I currently have 2 weeks penciled on the church calendar.  I also have ordered samples of Group's Children's Church curriculum.  I have been struggling lately with inspiration for new lessons and some pre-prepared lessons might help us draw in additional volunteers.  Most of our volunteers are enthusiastic about helping -- but not preparing -- a children's church worship.  Evening meetings are difficult for me right now -- as there is much to do in the evenings and little time.  I would love to meet sometime this weekend if you are available.  (Kim will be out of the country the first few weekends in Feb.) or I can meet on Fri. Feb 1 or Fri. Feb 8  - if either of those days suit. 
 Thanks for your kind words.  I also wanted to thank you for your flexibility in covering both the gas control desks and the measurement desk. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 In my office instead of 42c2.  Thanks 
 Yes.  Please add Tami Head, Barbara Bakanic & Maggie Van Syckle if its not too many.  The offer is still open for you and Linda to host at my house if you would like.  Here is Gaby's address: Gaby Paniagua 13014 Leader #937 Houston, TX 77072 
 Okay 
 Hi There. So glad you are back.  How was skiing?  Hope we can get together on Sat. or Sun.  I never know the polite way to suggest gifts.  Perhaps just a gift ideas list?  Summer clothes (Size 4T pants/5T shirts) Swimming accessories Loving Family Dollhouse Furniture & Accessories Gift certificates  * In lieu of gifts, contributions can be made in Alina's honor to Kidsave International 
 Tomorrow is fine -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sorry I missed you today.  Looking forward to lunch tomorrow.  Will 11:45 at La Grilia suit you?  Have fun at your event tonight.  Also - mea culpa.  I just replaced my daytimer calendar for 2002 and realized that I missed Matt's birthday.  I hope that wasn't the day we were all over at your house.  Oops.  Wish Matt a belated greeting on us and of course congrats on his promotion.  See you tomorrow. 
 See you at 4 Pm 
  Now that we have Alina's initial visit out of the way and she has stopped talking about the bad ("jaman") nurse that gave her the shots,  I guess it's time to plan round two.  Please let me know the appropriate timing to schedule a follow-up visit for further immunizations.  Thanks  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 I worked on the grade level promtion.  I didn't know what her new title was supposed to be. Lynn chcecked with Fran and she told her coordinator.  So I guess we'll have to check back in with Fran -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I think your outlined measures sound fine.  I would think we could change to the new hotline almost immediately. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Got your note.  I'm volunteering at school this afternoon and can't open the attachment on my Blackberry.  I'll review and send you a note over the weekend -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Okay I'll go for a ticket.  Are you back in town.  Do you want to go to the cafeteria for lunch. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This isn't the language that we ageed on and it will cause serious objections from my camp.  I thought I sent Jim an email over the weekend.  The language needs to say that Enron has advised that it is willing to treat UBS as an affiliate. .  We cannot say the interstate pipelines are agreeing -- as this would take agreement of our partners. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 11:45 -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Cyndi,  I have misplaced Lori Schroeder's cell phone number and need to set an appointment with her before Sat!  Help.  Thanks for getting together Sat. -- even if I am bad at picking movies. 
 Could you make a Dr appt for tomorrow for the Dr on level 3. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Could you please be so kind as to send me the full shower address list back (my list was missing some addresses).  I want to make sure I get organized to send out thanks after the party. 
  Hope your week is going well.  Here are a couple of things I wanted to tell you.  1.  I made the arrangements for the house rental, bought 8 baseball tickets each to two of the games where I thought day of the game seats would be hard to come by & got our airline tickets.  2.  Hopefully you got the invitation from Cyndi/Rosemary for Sat.  I know you have Karate plans that day so I understand if it doesn't suit you.  If you decide to come let me know though.  Grandpa is willing to come and stay with Chad (Kim will be in Indonesia), but I wanted to also see what D&T will be up to.  3. Does any day this week suit you for exercise - walk/run?  Shelley 
  Hi Georgi,  It's nice to hear from you -- although I wish it were under happier circumstances from your end.  I know that your visited with Mike and Steve on gas control openings.  Please also keep in touch with Rick Dietz for contract group openings and Lynn Blair for potential scheduling openings.  I'll also touch base with them and let them know that you may be responding to upcoming job postings. 
 Congrats to you. 
  My thoughts are written into the document 
 Can they come in the afternoon on Feb 18 (President's Day)?  I have an appointment with the tax lady in the AM.  Can you see about getting Alina a Dentist appointment on Mar 1 at 8 AM  (or at 1 PM) ?  Is it time for Chad to have an appointment again?  Chad has off school on Mar 1 & I plan to take a vacation day.  Alina has an appointment for more vaccinations with Dr Kline at 10 AM.  We may go to the zoo after that. 
  Jayshree,  Here is the info that I think you need for the NNG package   NNG Top Revenue Contracts   Contract Expirations   Breakdown of Revenues into Reservation (Guaranteed Revenues), Commodity & Penalty   Revenues by Customer 
  ?052400NHO  Northern Natural Gas Company Extensive Access to Major Utilities and Industrials in the Upper Midwest Flexible Operations -Interconnections with 4 Major Pipelines in Market Area -Storage Capacity of 56 Bcf -Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities Over 85% of Revenues From Demand Charges 95% of Market Area Capacity Contracted Through 2003 No New Rate Case Until November, 2003  1999 2000 1999 2000  Michigan  Storage  Northern Natural Pipeline Enron Assets  Texas Oklahoma Kansas Missouri Nebraska South Dakota Wisconsin Iowa Illinois  North Dakota Montana Wyoming New Mexico  Minnesota    Market Area Volumes (BBtu/d) 2,173 2,202  2,775 3,483  December Full Year 1999 1999 2000 2000 
 I copied the children's church materials yesterday and will have Gaby drop them off at church tomorrow.  We agreed to have a children's church meeting tacked on to the end of the next children's ministry meeting.  Would you please check to see that VBS is penciled in July 22-26 on the church calendar.  Thank you Shelley (making good use of my jury duty time) -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Hi. Hope your week is going well.  I'm discouraged to still be sick (asthma or bronchitis or the like). Also, I'm sure that you have heard the perils of Enron.  Then there is adoption stuff and then there is world news.  I am really hoping that you will have some time to be my therapist this weekend.  What would you think about tryin to coordinate hair appointments Sat?  My only constraint is Chad's noon soccer game.  If hair doesn't work then how about coffee? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Not at this time.  I plan to continue to use my personal American Express. 
 Please feel free to give me a call anytime.  Work is better.  Home is still kind of crazy! 
 I love Aigerim and visited with her on my recent trip to Taraz.  I took lots of pictures of Aigerim and if you send me your mailing address I'll send them.  I am very interested in Aigerim's placement.  Let me know either way about your decision.  If you decide not to adopt her I would love to continue to advocate for her. 
 Somewhere convenient to Jim since he has to come from Beltway/EOTT.  Will he come down Wetheimer?  If so we can meet at Highland Village - Grotto is it?  Or if he comes down I-10n then ?? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 She has absolutely everything.  A gift isn't necessary.  I'm working on family pictures for her -- so a recent one of you guys would be great.  And, if you want she could use a photo album or scrapbook for her story.  Call me anytime for info.  I'll let you know the next time I'll be in DC and you are always welcome to hop on down to Houston for a weekend.  Tracey is coming next weekend.  We'll be in State College around July 4.  Keep me posted! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Pressure to finish my review! My husband is in Indonesia on business, so don't be surprised if I reply in the middle of the night when kids are asleep and I can concentrate -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What a nice note.  I hope you are feeling better. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Met sounds good 
 Great.  Thanks again for going out of your way to meet Alina and join in the party welcoming her.  You're the best! 
  FYI 
 Joan,  Stan tells me that in 2002 I will have the privilege of representing the pipeline segment on the GISB Board.  Will you be letting Rae McQuade know the results of the pipeline segment board elections? 
 Jayshree - give me a call this afternoon at your convenience. I've fact checked the IM and have a couple of questions for you and some language suggestions. 
 Sounds good. I'll give you my handwritten notes. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 4262 
 Yes - you name the time 
 Yes 
 I'm fine with the 1-2% growth rate, but think we need to make an assumption about the major contracts that expire 10/31/03. 
 Thank you for your update.  Our hearts are very heavy today for Rich and his family. 
 Jayshree - here are some thoughts on the IM.  I still can't tie to the top customer revenue figures.  Please give me a call to compare notes. 
  Hi Mom,  Chad just loves his apple checkboard.  Thanks again for it.  I am still feeling sick.  Last week my Dr. told me its just allergies/asthma, but I'm still feeling puny.  I trying to get in to see if I have a touch of bronchitis or something.  I'm going to forward this little list while I'm thinking of it.  Ordinarily, I'm not one of those people that believes in giving people a gift wish list.  It seems kind of rude and presumptious.  However, given that we may be traveling in the November-December time frame and unable to field the normal questions I receive about what Mr. Chad is into -- I thought I'd provide this list:  Things Chad Says He Wants for Christmas (That Santa isn't bringing) if anyone asks -- not he should expect to get these items (since some cost more than $20)  -Harry Potter Game for Computer (MS-Windows)  (more expensive item) -Backyard Football Game for Computer (MS-Windows) -Harry Potter Trading Cards -Video or DVD of "Cats and Dogs" -Harry Potter Snapes Potion Kit (More expensive item) -Ultra Grip Nerf Football  Incidentally, Chad is asking Santa for the Harry Potter Legos Set, a Levitating Game and an Air Snare Drum Game.   More Later  Shelley 
 That's so sweet.  Sorry our time on the phone was short this morning.  As you well know, 6:50 AM is chaos at our house!  My sister is coming this weekend.  She arrives on Sat. at 11 AM and leaves on Tues.  Since you get home late Sat, I am anticipating that you'll want to sleep on Sunday.  Sunday afternoon we are going to Mary Beth Schatzman's birthday party at a Mexican restaurant.  Sunday morning the kids choir sings.  Last night the Kudla's came over and we ate take-out.  Christopher broke one of the plates on the wall in the dining room and was very active.   I was pretty tired by the time I got everyone to bed.  Work is very stressful this week.  Tonight we are going to try to make it to Karate and we have to write out everyone's Valentine's cards.  I love you too.  Q 
 Can you please take care of this? 
 Help -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Lynn and Steve will attend for me. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Mike,  Per your request for information to assist you on a NM tax matter,  attached is a summary of measured receipts into the Transwestern system by state for the period April 2001 to June 2001.  Best Regards, Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Perfect!  Thanks. 
  Sorry we were unable to have a staff meeting this morning.  I would like to have a brief (1 hr) staff meeting tomorrow or Friday instead.  Please let Ricki know about your availability.  I will be out of the office next Tuesday morning.  In my absence I have asked Mike Bryant to sit in on Stan's staff meeting and Steve January to sit in on Dan Dienstbier's meeting (both moved to Tues. due to President's Day holiday).   Please see that the normal Monday morning updates are set to these folks.  Lynn will compile the NNG Gas Logistics bullets and send to Drew/Emily Sellers.  Donna Scott will compile similar style weekly bullets for FGT/TW/ETS.  Donna check with Toby regarding the proper posting of these bullets.  Thanks 
 I love you too.  Thanks for the surprise.  Chad thought we were on a treasure hunt.  He especially loved the special kiss.  They both have the sniffles and I have a sore throat.  Man I don't want to get sick again.  Happy Valentine's Day -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can do any of these dates.  If we go to lunch on Feb 19 -- then my sister will be along with us. 
  Please advise 
 My preference is to send out the notice as a Staff Meeting w/ Halloween Snacks.  I'd rather it be just us for this meeting. 
 Sorry I missed you this morning.  Could you take a look at this description from the outline.    I checked with John O'Shea and its fine for us to work together on this. I'm back in my office.  Please give me a call at your convenience (x37083)  Competitive Threats  Northern's competitive position is bolstered by the presence of (1) long-term agreements, and (2) a configuration of small-diameter branchlines with multiple delivery points that function as an extension of the LDC's distribution system.  Minnesota: ?	Northern's major Minnesota customers have contracts that extend through 2007.  Beyond current contract terms, there is a mid-high possibility of bypass in Minneapolis/Twin cities area (Alliance, Viking or Northern Border); low-medium bypass possibilities in Rochester and Mankato, MN (Alliance). Iowa: ?	Northern recently extended the contract with its major Iowa customer (MidAmerican) thru 2005.   Beyond current contract terms, Northern will face competitive threats from NGPL in the Des Moines and Sioux City.  Wisconsin/Chicago: ?	With several significant contract terms up for renewal in 2003, Northern will face competitive pressures in the Wisconsin and Chicago areas because market prices are below maximum tariff rates and due to the high concentration of competing pipelines.   To some extent these competitive factors have already been recognized, as Wisconsin Gas has already bypassed Northern via Great Lakes.    The distance of competing pipelines to many Northern towns will preclude bypass for many others.  Major competitors in the market area include: ?	Alliance ?	ANR Great Lakes ?	Natural Gas Pipeline ?	Northern Border ?	Trailblazer Viking 
 Saturday night sounds good.  My sister will be here!  Things are going fine at home...but we'll be happy to have Kim home! 
  Greg,  Typically I sign all these EDI trading partner agreements with Lee Huber's initials.  Can we get the proper agency/delegations in place so that I can continue to sign without further ado so long as the agreements are identical to the GISB standard agreement.  We can put in place a separate procedure for any non-standard TPAs? 
 Any numbers for me? 
  Can you send me the latest version?  Also, I am expecting to shortly have the power plant numbers to add for the 1 market and 1 southend power plant per year based on actual annualized revenues from a recent market power plan (Great River) and southend (PowerTex). 
 Great Rosemary,  I'm so slow in thanking you for the lovely party.  You are the best.  My sister will be here for our lunch on Monday too.  We're going to be out shopping that day. 
  Stan/Rod,  I previously mentioned to you that I have assigned John Buchanan as Mgr, TW scheduling to ensure that we have a consistent focus on TW scheduling matters and presence at the 8 AM TW morning meeting (Lynn Blair, Steve January and Terry Kowalke are in the NNG morning meeting each day at the same time).  Previously Terry Kowalke and John Buchanan split time advising the TW and NNG team on day to day scheduling matters.  Terry was sitting on 39 and John on 42.  In light of the immediate change in their assignments, I asked John and Terry to switch desks.  I need you authorization to move their telephones.  This change is important to demonstrate to the commercial groups of both NNG and TW that we will not miss a step in tending to daily business even during the transition.  Thank you for the support. 
 It's not final yet.  I'll forward the latest copy that Jayshree sent me yesterday afternoon.  I still need to check that all our comments were added. 
 You could never be a bother.  A woman serving food at a volunteer event always has a special place in my heart.   I bought the Louis Rich pre-cooked chicken & the caesar salad bowls (in plastic bowls - near fruit bowls) from Albertson.  Just added some extra parmesan. 
  FYI 
 I'll gladly bring my photo album and Alina.  Chad has a playdate at a neighbors house.  Gaby told me that she cannot attend.  You mentioned that several people may come to the get together late and that we may visit longer than 12:30 pm.  My sister is arriving in town for a visit around 12PM and a cab is picking her up at the airport.  I currently have arrangements for the cab driver to take her to my house (probably around 1 PM). Let me know if you think I should change this arrangement.  I can't think of anyone we missed for the party, except Bobby Oldfield.  She is going to start working with us on Children's Church and was a fantastic help with VBS.  I inadvertently dropped her name from the list.  Thank you for everything you do.  I'm always overwhelmed by your kindness.  Shelley 
 Here are a few more minor edits I saw in the latest IM 
  I am looking for a way to assist a co-worker that is under stress with a wife with health problems, a baby and two other children at home.  I am interested in getting details about how I might pre-pay for a two-week personal chef service.  Could you give me a quote on two-week service to this family located in the Copperfield area? Would you deliver the pre-made meals to the home?  Could the gift recipient select the menu items?  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
  I am looking for a way to assist a co-worker that is under stress with a wife with health problems, a baby and two other children at home.  I am interested in getting details about how I might pre-pay for a two-week personal chef service.  Could you give me a quote on two-week service to this family located in the Copperfield area? Could the gift recipient select the menu items?  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Kevin, We can get ETS-related pipe throughput for 2001 (and Rick has subsequently sent the TW 2001 data).  But we won't have non Enron pipeline throughput until they publish. 
  Jayshree,  I j found three more minor nits. 
 Sorry but I don't have an isolated power plant capex number.  In the NNG commercial folks original budget they forcasted $1.2 M revenue growth from $25 million 2002 Capital.  So my thought is that if you have already included maintenance capital = depreciation, then $25 million capital includes market area expansion as well as power plant growth. 
 We should change all refernces to say top 10 customers provide 66 percent of revenues .  I changed that in one prior draft.  The other figure is the top 15 contracts.  I think we should stick to customer figures rather than mix customer and contract stats -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 There are a couple of slides in the recent bank package NNG prepared and a few more slides in the original 2002 budget package.  I'm a vacation day but have to stop by the office later today and will round these up -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Thanks.  No-Notice Imbalances are market area from the perspective of commodity pricing.  The only reason that they are separated out from the rest of the imbalances is because of the transportation element of the cash-out price. 
 Skyline refers to added seasonality that NNG proposed to add to its rates.  The rate case settlement represented a compromise approach to shifting more responsibity to the peak.  So no we didn't implement Skyline as proposed and nothing is pending.  I expect that NNG will make a new proposal to refect peak cost responsibility as part of the next rate case -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Tomorrow morning! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Okay - so I see that it's Orlando Cogen (not Orange).  I'm unclear what the relationship is with El Paso.  Do they own 100% of Orlando Cogen?  Are they the designee?  Have they sent correspondence to us that El Paso is now owner or contact party for this contract? 
 Can I see the Trunkline OBA too 
 I just got this message.  I assume it is an old message or do you have a new injury? 
  In addition to the post-it note, please record the following items:  6572  Aeros  			$22 6573 Gaby    			$406.23 6574 Audobon Docent Guild	$70 6575 FPPS			$65 6576 Lynn Blair			$75 6577 ACEC			$125   * Also - please make sure to record the approx.  $2200 deposit I made while you wer gone.  Thanks 
  Rick  I need you to work out a full budget for this class & the Houston class -- = both the customer portion + the individual employee travel expenses that wi= ll hit our budget.  Once you have the cost estimate together, lets sit down= and make sure we're okay from an overall budget perspective and then make = sure that the participating staff know that we need to stick to the budget.  What did we put in the 2002 plan for the TW contract training?  -----Original Me 
 Are you at all worried that this starts the move to zone rates in the market area?  Do we care?  Are we worried about having competitive Zone E/F rates? 
 When you have a chance - can we talk about this? 
 2:30 works for me. 
  We received a call this morning from a gentleman, Todd Bearden (954-981-1101), who recently moved into a home in Hollywood FL and is trying to obtain information about gas service, could one of you pass this request on the appropriate person at NUI-City Gas or TECO/PGS? 
 I consider the no notice to be part of the market imbalance for this analysis. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Please coordinate a meeting next week between Don Hawkins, myself and Rod Hayslett for Don & I to discuss a proposal for NNG Measurement with Rod. 
 Another concern I have is that once we say that we can path -- then we've lost our best argument against physical segmentation. 
 Don,  I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.  With respect to the specific project listed:  1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.   With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:  2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.  3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002.   An additional footnote should be added to the page.  4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements. 
 Rod,  I received Don's memo before I sent out the memo that we had talked about -- so I turned the thoughts into reply comments. 
 FYI 
  Would you guys be amenable to signing up the boys for Nature Explorer Camp July 29-Aug 2.  The Audubon lady said that I can sign Chad up with the 7-8's if he's going to be with a 7-year old buddy.  Summer Schedule I'm not planning any camps for Chad the week of June 3 because of Swim Team (really busy first week of June).  June 10-14 is Grace VBS  We'll be on vacation week of July 1-7  Ashford VBS July 22-26  Hopefully Nature Explorer Camp week July 29 - Aug 2.   I'd like to sign him up Biron's or some other camp 1 or more weeks (either): June 24-28 July 8-12 July 15-19 
 Yes I can either meet you at noon or at 3 PM take your pick.  I have to take the Kid's to a b-day party from 1:30-3PM -- Kim can watch them afterwards.  I'd like to go to Neiman Marcus last call. 
 How did you make sure it was the right set?  Will it be delivered?  I,m so excited.  This will make my week. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 can you resend.  There was no attachment 
  FYI  Yesterday, Sunday the 24th, one of our gas controllers was stuck in an elevator for approximately 5 hours. Apparently the alarm and the intercom were not functioning and she had no way of notifying anyone that she was stuck between the 39th floor and the plaza. After other dispatchers became concerned about her being missing and searched for her, it was 2 hours before they determined she was stuck in an elevator. It then took another 3 hours to repair the elevator and get her out. We were advised by one of the guards that the weekly test and inspection of the intercoms was not performed on Saturday, as scheduled. Evidentially the level of maintenance and monitoring of the elevators has recently changed.  We are pursuing this matter with Bill Donovan and the building/security staff. 
 Great.  Last week I was invited to a forum, but I was disappointed that I could not attend. 
  I'll try to attend this meeting if you need me.  I have a CLE class out of the office from 12-2 today.  But, I would like to dispel the suggestion that Jerry put together the spreadsheet for me.  I'm very enthusiastic about the AR tools that Jerry & Jim have developed and I'm happy that the reports seem to also serve the needs of the finance folks, but I feel like I made it clear that the customer service reps (like Marion) that are on the front line of collecting monies are the main clients of Jerry's reports.   If the tool needs to be modified to better meet their needs -- then it should be modified.  I'm all for automation and less manual intervention. 
 Wednesday will work best for me.  Say 11:45 at the Daily Review? 
  Would one of be able to email this gentleman.  He called me again this morning looking for information on connecting a well to Northern. 
  Ricki - would you please:  1. Make reservations at 11:45 on Thurs for Judy Johnson & I at Duck & Co in Hyatt  2. Set up a pre-meeting for Don Hawkins & I before our meeting with Rod tomorrow  3. Move my Wed. staff meeting to run from 10-11:30 (instead of 9-10).  Since we no longer have a Wash office, I plan to watch the Commission meeting myself 
 I'm confused how this fits in with the projects that we recently had Dynegy approve.  Is this one of the discretionary network upgrade projects that they agreed to support?  Or one of the other discretionary projects that we didn't have funding for before 6/30/02 anyway? 
 I'd tell her that we have actual tickets for games on Mar 9 (Astros) and Mar 13 (Indians), but otherwise just plan to buy the day of the game.  We just pulled schedules from the web.  My feeling is that once they affirmatively decide they are going to FL, you should say that I rented a house and that you are going to come over and stay with us for a few days.  I know this might push us to the point of her asking whether they can stay with us .... but I'm afraid the kids will spill the beans. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Per my earlier email --- this is the maintenance company's response. 
 Thanks for your concern.  While it was very scary for Helen, I'm satisfied with Randy's reply. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I don't know who/what got everything stirred up today.  It is true I have other offers, but none are new -- I've been thinking about them for several weeks and haven't made up my mind.  I'll let you know when I figure it out! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Tim,  Is the activity at the MidLouisiana points normal.  How did we build up a 156,000 MMBtu balance at Port Hudson.  Is this a measurement or a scheduling mismatch?  How big is this point? 
 Return to Ricki and she can take care of it 
 Here are a few thoughts. 
  Tim - The denominator in the load factor calculations needs to be updated.  Please check with Mike to get the current denominator for the months. 
 Yes -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 18.            The primary term of this Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until cancelled upon fortyeight (8)-eight (48) hours prior written notice prior to the gas day by either Party or by other provisions herein. 
  Ann,  Per Rod Hayslett, you are able to process changes to list B to accommodate instances in which Dynegy & ETS can agree on the specific assignment of an individual.  Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva are both currently company 179 employees.  We moved both of these individuals to list C because we anticipated that one of the two might need to stay to support deal capture/contracts/data requests for TW.  Craig Buehler has subsequently indicated his plans to leave the company if he is not assigned to list B.  Dave Neubauer has requested that Craig be moved to list B and both Rick Dietz (Craig's immediate supervisor) and I are in agreement.  And, if we agree to move Craig to list B, we need to make the same accommodation for Esther DaSilva.  Dave Neubauer is in agreement with this revision as well.  Accordingly, please move Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva from List C to List B.  FYI - we will use another contract position vacancy to cover TW deal capture/contracts/data requests if deemed necessary.  Thanks Shelley 
 Don - I never heard anything back.  Is everyone ok with these clarifications? 
 I'll await Mike's email.  Thanks. 
 Ditto Happy Birthday From Me Too!  Was I the first D-In-Law to wish you Happy Birthday? 
 Let's see if Sheila can attend too 
 Sounds good.  Is Marion comfortable with the plan? 
 Galen/Jim,  Thanks for the info.  I have been building spreadsheet cases all day.   FYI - majority/minority isn't driven by the number of shippers, its driven by the volume.  I made the appropriate changes on Galen's spreadsheet.   A couple of further things that I need: - I need to reconcile the net volume on Galen's sheet by month with the net cash out volumes on Jim's sheet.  There are huge differences.  Can these really all be receipt imbalances?  Galen for the months Aug 00-Jul 01 can you break out receipt imbalances from market imbalances.   We are only planning to put the majority/minority pricing on the market area imbalances.   Let me know if you guys want to sit down and talk through this.  I need to get Teb my final analysis by the end of the week. 
 Thanks.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Can you please advise what is going on with the flat panels that we had planned to distribute to our gas logistics team.  It was in the budget and we had the okay, but now I'm hearing there is some hold-up & the units are stored on 44.  Shelley 
 Does that mean Rita will need to go through security every day?  My preference is to give her a temporary badge or activate her old Enron badge for the full week. 
  I just listened to the presentation on the GISB final rule on intraday recalls.  The final rule requires pipelines to support intraday recalls and allow the recalling shipper to nominate at each nomination cycle, but the implementation of the rule will be in two phases:  1. By May 2002, pipelines must file tariff revisions to be effective July 2002 to permit recalls at the evening cycle or for capacity which was not being used by the replacement shipper.  2. With respect to recalls during the flowing gas day, the Commission directs NAESB (GISB) to file comments by October 2002 on how these recalls should be accommodated, with reply comments by October 15.  Commissioner Massey noted that some parties claimed the new rule would undercut reliability.  Staff responded that if a shipper is worried about partial day recallability, then they should buy capacity release packages that are not designated as partial day recallable.  The releasing shipper can decide whether to offer the space with partial day recall rights or not.  The discussion of the order seems to be in step with ETS pipeline 637 proposals to only allow intraday capacity release/recall at the timely and evening cycles at this time and say that we would need to build additional validations and need more time if required to allow recalls during the flowing gas day.  The fact that comments aren't even being filed on phase 2 until Oct.  -- I think we're safe to assume that this phase won't be implemented until 2003. 
 I didn't understand we were borrowing them.  I thought we already reached agreement to buy them. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Jeffri,  I recently received a Schedule K-1 form from SSB.  I sending you an overnight package with the form to add to my other tax materials.  Thanks  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Yes.  Of course I'm still here.  I think my NNG friends are spreading the rumor that I'm out of here!  But, I just keep busy with my day to day work and try to put of making any decisions... 
 I haven't visited with Stan lately.  Why do you ask?  I know he has a lot going and doesn't have the crystal ball that I and others are looking for.  I'll try to sit Down with him next week.  I'm not planning on doing anything this week. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What is an Ambassador Doll and where can I buy one? 
 FYI 
  Interesting 
 No idea.  Let me know if you hear something. 
 Alina's Dr. appt is at 10 in the medical center.  We'll have to have her go first at the dentist in case the dentist appointment runs long?  I was planning pasta for dinner.  I am not going to the Bunco game until 7 PM.  Chad should be in a really good mood -- since I put the treasure map in his lunch to find his post Stanford 9 Test present (Battletops) when he gets home. 
  Mike - Alina & I have decided to join Kim & Chad at the Aeros game tomorrow night, so we'll get the boys together for another event soon.  Shelley 
  Per our earlier process discussion ... 
 See my follow-up email 
 I approve. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Thanks for the update. 
  Rita,  I was recently quizzing payroll on why I received two W-2s (which sum in aggregate to my 12/31/01 payroll stub) when I thought had been employed by the same co. (366) all year.  Her records indicated that you had entered a change during the year.  Could you look into why I can listed as having worked for both Enron Operations Services Co & Enron Corp. in 2001?  Shelley Corman x37083 
 Mike,  I've never received any feedback on my notes.  Can you give me some direction on whether my assumptions are correct? 
 Thanks for talking to Ange.  I'll give her a call tonight.  My preference is for me to take 3/17; you to take 3/24 (I'll have company); and no children's church on Easter.  Let me know what you think.  Shelley 
 I've lost track of the email replies -- please just let me know the final time. 
 I approve of the below-noted access.  Shelley Corman Vice President, ETS Gas Logistics 
 No change.  We are to retain all documents. 
 I'm okay with providing your attached sheet to Jane 
 Great.  Just wanted to make sure I was on the right wave length -- as Jane Joyce has asked the IT folks for more detail on the contracts and revenue projects and I didn't want to lead the IT folks astray with my understanding of our meeting if it was incorrect. 
 You are going to be so very mad at me, but I have lost my ATM card.  Can you cancel my card.  I think this proves that I am no allowed to have an ATM card in the future.  Call me. 
 It's been canceled.  There were no unauthorized withdrawals.  It very well may be in the pocket of one of my blazers at home, but I didn't want to take any chances.  It's inactivated & I'll have to go to the local branch if I want a new ATM card with non-debit features.  The automated service only offers replacement cards with debit features. 
 Fantastic.  Is Sheila planning to attend?  If so then, there are already 8 tickets committed.  If any of these cancel, I have a back-up list.  I will take 2 seats.  Please give me the invites for those two.  I'll take care of their transport.  They will not need Enron transport. 
 Still working...for today anyway. We spent a cold weekend in Conroe TX.  Alina was well-behaved all weekend.  Can you do lunch this week?  Perhaps tomorrow? 
 Okay with me 
 Caroline,  I'll have to do this by phone with you.  Chad is sick.  Kim stayed home this AM, but I'm planning to work from home this afternoon. 
 Mr. Chad is sick today with a 102 fever.  Kim stayed home this AM, but I have to relieve him and work from home this PM...so I need to reschedule lunch.  I really need to talk to you though.  Could you go for coffee or a quick dinner this evening on your way home assuming John is headed to Kingwood? 
  We'll have a brief meeting at nine 
 Unfortunately I didn't write down the name of the person in payroll that returned my call to the main payroll number.   Whoever it was logged into their system and said that the record showed you making the co. change.  Could you give payroll a call? 
 Steve/Karen,  I need for Mike to carry a Blackberry.  Please advise on how to make this happy for Mike.  Shelley Corman VP Gas Logistics 
  FYI 
  Sorry - but it looks like you'll soon be saddled with a Blackberry 
 I'm thinking that we may miss church altogether on Sunday.  We may spend the night at my inlaws in Conroe.  They have been bugging us to visit and I don't see another date on the calendar that will work.  Nov 3 for example, there is no children's church, but I am open/close trustee.  Don't worry about the CD player -- it's no problem.  I don't mind exchanging it until we get a CD player and duplicate copies of music (which I'm working on).  We received our INS approval to adopt Alina, but with court date delays etc., it looks like our most likely travel time is late November or early December.  When I get a little better info.  I will make Children's Church plans.  If it turns out that I'm gone several weeks in December, then perhaps we can talk Patty into letting the kids sit in regular church during Advent.  It is always such a fun time for them to be in church & they recognize so many of the songs.  If I'm only going to be gone in late Dec & first week of Dec, then we can probably continue with Children's church as planned.  I'm really just guessing now -- since this international adoption stuff changes by the minute. 
 Mr. Chad is still sick today, but he much appreciated the bear.  I'll have my cell phone with me too.  We will be back on Fri. Mar 15.  Please look at your calendar to see if one of the following dates would suit for our shopping excursion:  April 4 or 5, 10, or 11.  FYI - Alina had her first MMR vaccination back in Jan and will have her followup in early April.  She purportedly already had all her MMR vaccinations in the orphanage but I am repeating just to be certain.  I've got an attic full of stuff for you and many, many Saturday's full of wisdom (and humility). 
 Thanks I found this too. 
 Jim  I would be happy to do my usual Spring bedding flower planting, but I will be out of town on our Spring break trip on Sat.  Mar 9.  Please advise on whether you/the trustees would like me to add some new bedding plants around the trees, memorial and church entrance the following weekend on Mar 15. 
 I am looking to schedule a Vacation Bible School Training Meeting.  I am wondering whether there are any conflicts on the church calendar if I schedule this meeting for May 5, 12-2?  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 I'm back.  I was gone all of two minutes.  I needed a bathroom break.  I figured out that the straw was simply the 2 or 3 issue and so I didn't bother to chime in when I returned. 
 Sorry but I'm hostage in. Meeting in 39c1.  I'll catch up wti you tomorrow. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Chris,  I was about to send off the info from the prior email when I received your latest update.  However, I'm confused by the update.  The form seems to be the same, except it is intended to be sent to the Republic of Kazakhstan in New York.  Is that really where we are sending our registration information?  What about the autobiography.  What is that, What is required?  I understand the urgency in registering and am prepared to do what it takes to accomplish this today.  But, frankly this whole process was a surprise to me.  Does your agency have an written materials on follow-up requirements/processes in general.  I'm sort of at a loss on the whole issue of what comes next.  When to apply for SS#.  What about readoption.  Passport, Certificate of Citizenship, etc.  I was surprised when a resident alien card arrived.  I need to take care of the registration issue today, as we will be on vacation starting tomorrow for a week.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
 Thanks.  I won't be home until 6.  Have meeting ,. Will call when I leave -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Let it rip -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Dates all work great.  As you mentioned, I will likely be traveling in late November or early December 
 John - please drop Mike a line about the Contracts system implementation on TW on Monday AM as Mike is attending Stan's staff meeting for me. 
 I don't plan for us to sign on, we'll just wait for it to hit the board for vote. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Great.  Thanks! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Pre April 1997 was specifically not covered by the 6 month rule. -- but 8 don't think that means that we are automatically required to process all old ppas.  I think we should plan to manually handle any pre 1997 ppas that we feel bound to accept.  FYI I saw Ken Caminiti at Animal Kingdom yesterday! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Florida is great.  We have been on the go all day and its been after business hours when I've gotten back to the house so I didn't get to talk to you.  But I have been reading my emails along the way and know about all the meetings next week.  And we can send out an email on our staff meeting on Monday.  Disney was great and I've been to 8 baseball games. Today we're going to an Astros practice and then we catch our flight home.  See you Monday -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 See you soon! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can either plant this Sat or next.  If you guys already mulched last week, then I can manage the planting on my own.  If not, I could use help with mulching the beds before I plant. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Have a great trip.  I'll be thinking of you. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Call me when you get to the office.  I have been thinking of you constantly this last week and am anxious to hear your voice.  Have a great week back at the office. 
 No, we live about 2-3 mi. off I-10.  It is really easy to get to our house from Austin by taking 71 to I-10 east.   Here is a turn by turn:  Exit 1-10 at Highway 6 (17 mi. West of Downtown Houston).  Go South on Hwy 6 to the 3rd stop light (Chevron station on SE corner).  Take right onto Briarforest Drive.  Take first left onto Briarhome (Meadowbriar subdivision).  We live on Scarborough Fair -- third street off Briarhome.  Our home is 2-story red brick & is in the NE corner.  14126 Scarborough Fair Houston TX 77077 281-531-0385   Also last night I emailed Sergei a brief note regarding what Ginger was telling us yesterday. I didn't want to jump ranks or push him for an earlier date -- but I wanted to make certain that he knew that all our paperwork is in. 
  Jeffri,  I have received the revised W-2 forms from Enron that increases my reported income to reflect my non-eligibility to participate in the dependent daycare spending accounts.  (See letter in the package of information that I previously delivered to you).  Evidently Enron failed the test for providing dependent day care benefits to highly compensated employees.  I will fedex the revised W-2 forms to you.  I would like to set up a date (perhaps over the lunch hour one day) to meet at your office to review my return and to discuss alternatives for the second home (either rental or sale to my mother and/or her fianc?).   Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 shelley.corman@enron.com 
 I'm fine with not having Children's Church Palm Sunday -- recognizing that we won't have CC for 3 weeks then.  I'll adjust the curriculum notes accordingly and we'll pick up with Children's Church on April 14. 
 Please let me know if there is a time in the day that you would like me to meet with or great your TECO guests. 
  Yes,  I volunteered to continue to keep up the flower beds again this year.  I was planning to pick up some flowers early Sat. morning at plant at the church.  If you want to meet me there around 8:30 AM or so that would be great (but please don't feel obligated).  I think we could get the planting done in about an hour.  Congrats to you on your recent wedding.  I am so thrilled for you both. 
  FYI Regarding Mn EC Closing.  I really enjoyed our talk last night.  You gave me some really good advice.  I'm sure that vacation/going out of town is the very last thing that you feel like thinking about, but when you're up to travel thoughts let me know if you would be interested in going to the Hill Country Hyatt some weekend.  I think Alina would love the water rafting.  We could go the weekends of May 11, 18 or 25 if you are interested.  Talk to you soon.  Chad really, really wants to have Tom come over to play soon! 
  Please plan to get together tomorrow, March 20 from 3-4 PM in 39C1 for a staff meeting.  We can talk about the new Enron severance policy, the return of the personal best award program or anything else that is on your mind.  If you have issues that you know that you would like me to address please drop me an email today so that I can do some research and be better prepared to answer your questions.  Shelley 
 OCC has called me and I am on the call and the operations folks seem irritated with my explanation that I no longer cover communications so I have jotted down the notes on the call and would like to hand over to you as appropriate.  Summary notes from Tom Mertz -There was an oil spill on the Block 49 platform off the coast of LA in Elod (sp?) Bay on an EOTT facility. - Have 2 people on blocks but they are busy with booms (so they are out of communication) and others are on the way to the site to bring up communications. - The spill was initially reported at 10 barrels.  But later received report that slick reported as 250 ft wide x 1.2 mi long.  And it is nearing the bank/shore. - Going to do fly over. - Govt agencies have been called including the Coast Guard. Coast Guard will meet us at site. - We have deployed US environmental to do containment and cleanup -There is concern that news will cover when slick reaches shore. 
  FYI 
   Let me know if you are okay with these and I will forward to Stan 
 Rick I have a number of contracts that the bankers want early tomorrow. I am assuming Elizabeth will be in to help me? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA BEFORE THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION     Regulation of Short-Term Natural                       ?            Docket No. RM98-10-000  Gas Transportation Services                   ?   Regulation of Interstate Natural                       ?                Docket No. RM98-12-000 Gas Transportation Services                   ?    MOTION TO INTERVENE AND COMMENTS OF THE ENRON INTERSTATE PIPELINES   Pursuant to the March 21, 2001 Notice of Petition in the above-referenced proceedings and Rules 212, 212 and 214 of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's ("Commission") regulations (18 C.F.R. ? 385.211, 385.212  and 385.214 ), the Enron Interstate Pipelines hereby move to intervene and respond to the March 16, 2001 Petition of the American Gas Association ("AGA Petition").  I. All correspondence and communications with regard to this filing should be directed to:  Shelley A. Corman Vice President, Government Affairs and Public Relations Enron Transportation Services Company 1400 Smith Street, P.O. Box 1188 Houston, TX  77251-1188 Phone:  713-853-7083 Email:  shelley.corman@enron.com  Nancy E. Bagot Enron Transportation Services Company Manager, Government Affairs Washington, DC  20006 Phone:  202-466-9148 Email:  nancy.bagot@enron.com  II. MOTION TO INTERVENE The AGA Petition raises issues that are directly related to the operation of pipelines. 2.      Enron operates a number of interstate pipelines subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission under the Natural Gas Act.  In some cases these pipelines are wholly-owned subsidiaries, in other cases Enron is a part owner.  These interests are collectively referred to herein as the Enron Interstate Pipelines. The Enron Interstate Pipelines have currently pending Order No. 637 compliance filings and may be affected by the outcome of this proceeding, and thus have a direct and substantial interest in this proceeding that cannot be adequately represented or protected by any other party.  Thus, the Enron Interstate Pipelines' participation is in the public interest. III. COMMENTS The Enron Interstate Pipelines wholly support the Response of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America filed this day and incorporate the comments made therein. Like INGAA, the Enron Interstate Pipelines take issue with both themes of the AGA Petition.  First, the Enron Interstate Pipelines take issue with the procedural request to implement the new capacity release timeline separately from Order No. 637 proceedings or GISB compliance filings.  Second, the Enron Interstate Pipelines wish to once again voice concerns about the far-reaching impacts of the flowing day recall rights that the AGA petition advocates. Rather than repeat those concerns again here, we have attached a copy of comments that were submitted to the GISB Executive Committee during the discussion of whether GISB should remove the current prohibition on partial day recall rights. For the reasons set forth in both INGAA's response and the attached comments of the pipeline segment, the Enron Interstate Pipelines ask the Commission to deny the AGA Petition.      December 8, 2000 
  Jennifer,  Regrettably I will not be able to attend the April 19 meeting of the dinner.  Please pass my best wishes on to both Dean Dutton and Professor Kleit for a successful meeting.  Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 
  The FERC is presently deliberating on more restrictive rules, but I'll answer in the context of the current rules.  There are three main principles behind the current rules: 1. Pipeline can't share shipper information with affiliate 2. Pipeline can't share transportation info with affiliate -- unless pipeline is willing to publicly post info, and 3. Pipeline and affiliates must operate as separately as reasonably possible.  There is no prohibition on the pipeline having affiliate information, but the real root of your question is whether the entities are operating separately.  For example, pipeline gets forward price curve info from affiliate -- we'd argue that this is just info that helps pipeline do its job better.  But, compare with scenario where pipeline has a detailed list of all affiliates sales obligations - price, terms, etc. -- the argument can be made that the entities are not operating separately and the only reason that the pipe has this info is to favor affiliate business.  There was a real case to this effect.  The pipeline & affiliate attended a joint strategy meeting each morning.  The pipeline claimed that it only listened during the meeting.  FERC found that the pipeline and affiliate were not operating separately and fined the pipeline.  So, I'd say that the rules are asymmetric for the case where the pipeline wants access to research/training/historical type info, but probably symmetric when it comes to matters of day to day contracts of transactions. 
 New rules propose to: 1. Expand the list of who is a marketing affiliate 2. Require pipeline to keep detailed records of communications with affiliates 
 Thanks, I needed a little bedtime reading! 
 No material impact .  The filing concerns various scheduling and balancing rules. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  Ricki - I don't yet have answers back to many of the questions that I pitched to HR and Lynn and Donna are out -- so could you see about the possibility of moving our staff meeting to tomorrow afternoon? 
  Hi Bev,  Just checking in.  What is the latest on your travel time frame?  Hope everything is moving quickly ahead for you.  Shelley 
 Or are you still swamped from being out of the office. 
 Let me know how your Drs appt goes.  I'll have to let you know later about Fri.  -- got some scheduling things up in the air. 
 Let me know what you think about April 12 as a possible San Marcos date.  Second choice would be April 5. 
   I signed up for the class today.  I live on the far west side of town (just S. of 1-10) so we'll have to leave around 7:15 AM to make it to class in time on Sat. Nov 3.  Your family is also welcome to stay in our guest apartment.  The good thing about living on the west side of town is that it is only about a 2 1/2 hour drive from Austin.   I'll give you better directions later.  Chad has a soccer game at 9 AM on Nov. 3 -- so they'll be out and about very early.  I can drive to the conference so that your husband can have the car for a day of sightseeing. 
 I have another meeting at 3.  I'll join you late if I can.  I'm just finishing up my comments on the NNG business plan and will forward shortly.  This morning I discovered and forwarded to Teb/Rob the cases of several major pipelines (Trunkline & Texas Eastern) that converted to LLC status with no protests or conditions.  These were unpublished letter orders so they don't turn up on a Westlaw search.  Teb agrees that these provide a very straight forward road map for us. 
 Great 
 Are you interested in getting a group of people together to buy 4 tickets (est. cost $10,000)?  Would need to be split 10 ways to be doable? 
  Here's my first stab   Key Findings 1. With only one significant exception, the groups acknowledge their tasks/responsibilities in the measurement process.  The only area that appears to be lacking defined roles/responsibility is follow-through on open issues/corrections that are not made prior to close 2.  The main issues with late data for billing relate to execution and lack of communication follow-through 3.  There needs to be an added focus in the field about how their tasks relate to the NNG billing process.  Current procedures are written solely in the context of calculating UAF. 4.  The customers chart changing arrangements raise audit concerns and concerns about our ability to gather timely data for billing.   Recommendations  1. Educate field and GMS staff on use of measurement data in billing -- combination of written materials and presentations  (Gas Logistics). 2. Renegotiate chart changing agreements/gain understanding of timing parameters. 3. Assign responsibility for past month issues past measurement close. 4. Develop single point of organizational accountability for quality/timeliness of data fed into PGAS, including Field Teams with respect to their measurement duties; measurement technology, GMS and UAF specialist. 
  I can make that work for Chad if that is when Drew is available.  I assume you are talking about Wk of June 24? 
 I agree with your strategy 
  Brad Holmes Steve January Lynn Blair Mike Bryant Donna Scott (vac) Sheila Nacey (vac) Rick Dietz Lindy Donoho Mark McConnell Michelle Lokay Paul E Y'Barbo TK Lohman (vac) Kevin Hyatt   * Individuals noted will be on vacation -- but you should probably send an invite anyway. 
  Please remember that you guys are to stop by Stan's office first at 10:30 
 How about Monday? 
 Thanks of your words of encouragement. 
 April 20, 2001    Maintenance of Houston, Inc. 6220 West Park, Suite 106 Houston, TX 77057  Dear Mr. _____________,  By prior correspondence dated ______, we notified you that we  you were notified of Ashford United Methodist Church's concern over the proEarlier this year AMaintenance of Houston currently provides janitorial service to Ashford United Methodist Church and Ashford Child Enrichment Center under a month to month contract.   Under this arrangement, Maintenance of Houston provides an on-site janitor.  In our initial correspondence soliciting janitorial service bids, we explained that our facility is used as a school during the week.  We explained the importance from a security perspective of minimizing the number of different people that have access to the facility.  We also asked Maintenance of Houston to provide documentation of employee screening procedures.  It has recently come to our attention that Maintenance of Houston has not furnished employee screening documentation for the individual that Maintenance of Houston currently has assigned to our facility.  It is our policy to request criminal background information for any contractor that is in our facility during school hours.  Please furnish such employee screening information to us by April 30, 2001.  To the extent Maintenance of Houston is unable to provide documentation for the current individual assigned to our facility or furnish another individual that does have appropriate documentation by April 30, 2001, we are hereby providing notice of our intent to terminate the month to month agreement effective May 31, 2001.     Sincerely    Shelley Corman, on behalf of Ashford United Methodist Trustees    cc: Cindy Lewis, Church Office 
  Please add to my calendar 
 Teb - would you have time to brainstorm with me on some middle of the road rate treatment scenarios on Monday? 
  Stan told me that you were using that title too.  So I guess perhaps I negotiated another thing as well.  Seriously though I would like to talk to you about using common titles. 
 Boy do I have a lot to fill you in on job wise.  Here is the short version.  Yes I have a new job.  But, surprise, it's still at Enron.  I am just swamped and will not have the 2 weeks off I expected so there is definitely no weekday San Marcos trip in my future.  We have no plans for Easter -- other than the fact that Alina is scheduled to be baptized at 8:30 AM church.  The Plaza/Houston/Met clubs have an Easter brunch that looks like it could be fun.  On the other hand we could just relax pool side.  We'd love to spend the day with you and gimpy.  Just let me know your leisure preferences. 
 I am going to be available in a few minutes -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ricki  Change of Plans --- Please change to  Shelley A. Corman Sr. VP & Chief Commercial Officer  and get my new room location. Thanks 
 What does this mean?????? Will it affect my Blackberry?  Will it affect the ability to check email at http:\\mail.enron.com? 
  Please approve these requests 
 Okay sounds like we are the first Taraz group and the Almaty group is before us.  That is the group that she said is not traveling until Nov. 15.  Sergei is the guide to both the Almaty group and to us.  I am so much praying that we will be home before Dec. 15. On that date my nanny returns to Bolivia for Christmas and I will be lacking childcare for Chad at home.  Wow this waiting is stressful.  Based on current est. travel times, I think that we will both travel over.  Kim will probably be the one to stay the two weeks, so that I can come home to tend to Chad & his obligations.   We definitely don't want to leave Alina to come with an escort.  But, the issue we still need to work through is the fact that Alina is still scared o Kim. 
 I don't plan to attend the NNG customer accts meeting 
 Yes -  I will be moving to Steve's old offices 
 Thanks for your support.  I'm sure that I'll be taking you up on your offer soon. 
  Sorry for the unfriendly greeting in the lobby.  I just had my head in the clouds.  Have a great evening! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am avialable tomorrow afternoon.  Will 2 PM ET work for you?  Will you call me or should I call you? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Liz,  I spoke with Ginger today to tell her that my notarized INS approval is in the mail.  She said she is really busy because Chris is on vacation.  She reiterated the point that you made that there is another group traveling to Almaty before us.  They are not traveling until Nov. 15.  We will be after that -- perhaps a week or 10 days later.  This journey is certainly full of ups and downs.  I was thrilled to receive INS approval and am now discouraged about not traveling until late November or early December.  I was thinking about making an appeal for us to go before the Almaty group.  What do you think?  Perhaps you have better standing for such an appeal given your health concerns for Oksana.   Shelley 
 We had 22 kids and 3 adult helpers.  The kids were pretty wild.  It wasn't one of our better days.  Oh well!  If it's okay with you, I'd like to take a week break next weekend.  I need to be at an event downtown at 1 Pm and it would be nice not to rush.  I will bring you the boom box and CDs with music suggestions.  Would that be okay?  Also, Stan is not available the third weekend in November so I have agreed to switch with him.  He will teach Nov 11 (I will be there to help)  and I will take Nov 18 (Kim promises that he will definitely be there). 
   I am feeling pretty blue today with all the Enron stuff.  Finances being what they are -- we need to do some serious soul searching on Royal Oaks.  Can we get our money back if we walk or are we stuck.  Please also calculate the value of your Transocean options.  I may want to monetize these to cover adoption/travel expenses. 
 I now  have another meeting over the lunch hour.  Perhaps another day this week? 
 Rick,  When I was approving latest expense report I noticed an item listed Gulfstream project (lunch with Keith Higginbotham).  I have been working on Gulfstream OBA & interconnect agreement with Frazier/Dot/ Sharon for several weeks.  I didn't realize that you were working on Gulfstream items too.   What is your team working on on Gulfstream?  Also can I get a copy of the revised contract quick reference manual.  I think I had the outdated  one prior to the latest printing.  Thanks  Shelley 
 If I understand the question, the answer is that we only have to seek approval for corporate changes to TW, the regulated entity. We would disclose entities above TW in the corp chain for informational purposes.  FERC is interested for two reasons - to understnad that TW operates separately from its marketing affiliate and as part of determining TW,s capital structure and return in a rate case.  ! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 We received our INS approval today and will overnight thr notarized version to Ginger Monday.  So it is all in Ginger's hands now.                            Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks for taking the lead on this -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Please set something up -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am getting home early. We are supposed to land at 3 pm.  Love you . -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Great.  I am getting back early around 4.30.  We will meet you at 6.30 even if  John is late we can have wine and catch up. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Whqt interview? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am out of town on business tonight.  I saw you called but thought it is probably too late to reply.  Yes I would like to attend the conference and would love to get together while you are in town.  I will give you a call tomorrow night when I get back to town.  I didn't hear from Ginger this week.  I did talk to Connie the travel broker and she said that she was just holding our visa stuff pending instructions from Chris Ivins.  Suzanne emailed me that Randi Thompson the head of Kidsave is in Kazakstan right now and will be sending out an email to the Kidsave families.  Regards.  Shelley -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am out of town on business.  Are you interested in dinner tomorrow night at cafe express?  On Sat Chad has a 3 pm soccer game and at 5.30 birthday party.  We can work around these plans if you prefer. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Are you going to apply? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Fuel is retained in kind from the shippers. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Great! I will review them on Monday no need to send to FL. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Great -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Now I'm back at my desk.  I think we've finally found the right tool for you to stay constantly in touch with me. 
 I agree since I am at the bank right now -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Here is my mark-up.  Please make sure that it is factually correct. 
  I think it sounds worthwhile -- since Linda Breathitt and Stacy Girard are participating.  If Stan is unavailable, I think Phil Lowry or Mike Nelson would also be great choices. 
 Drew - In your new organization is Frazier the marketing affiliate attorney= ?  or Hartsoe?  We need to continue to refine the procedure for posting upd= ates.  For example this week I found some overdue changes that needed to be= made to the website. =20 
 Thanks I needed that today! -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Sherry called Kim the other night to see if he would run for the HOA.  Surely there must be more to this.  Why wouldn't the HOA pay their bills?   I'll have to ask Joe Carrabba tonight. 
  SLA File 
  For SLA file 
 Please add Suzanne Hoffman to my contact list -- Her email address is twhiteman@austin.rr.com <mailto:twhiteman@austin.rr.com> 
 I thought you'd get a chuckle out of the email below -- especially the part where he copied Stan.  This is some unsolicited feedback I received on the presentation I gave to Phil's staff.  I'm not quite sure what to make of the fact that he was "sold" on my seriousness.  Evidentally there was some issue...... 
 You don't need to keep the attachment.  I was going to read it online -- but since you've printed I'll take it along for casual reading.   I just want to add Liz Gras email address to my contacts.  Sorry for the confusion. 
 Please add to contacts 
 This is the other teacher.  Please add to contact info. 
 Please add to my contact list - this is one of Chad's teachers 
