 that put California in the power-buying business, the CPA needs to total at least $ 2.5 billion annually from utility customers. Angelides on Thursday estimated that the state needs $ 1.3 billion from CPA funds just to service the bonds.  ??PG&E and Edison both say they believe the utilities are entitled to be paid first out of ratepayer bills under AB 1X.  ??The Department of Water Resources, the agency empowered by the state to buy electricity for utility customers, would get whatever is left over after utility expenses are covered, the two companies say. If nothing is left, rates would be allowed to rise high enough to pay the water agency what it needs to cover its electricity expenses under an interim order issued Wednesday by the PUC.  ??"If that means rate increases, then the commission has affirmed it will pass through those rate increases," said Ann Cohn, assistant general counsel for Southern California Edison. "The DWR will have to determine what its own revenue requirement is."  ??In filings with the commission, PG&E, the state's largest electric utility, insists that once its obligations are subtracted the CPA would be virtually penniless. The most financially troubled of the utilities, PG&E is believed not to have ruled out filing for bankruptcy as a way out of its $ 8-billion debt.  ??What percentage the commission allots PG&E from customer bills could be a factor in the utility's decision about seeking protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code.  ??Meanwhile, Davis is faced with a dilemma of his own that is no less wrenching. For his rescue plan to work, four things must happen:  ??* The cost of electricity purchased by the state must be reduced through long-term contracts.  ??* The amount of money paid by the utilities to alternative-energy suppliers--generators of solar, wind and other forms of power, which constitute about one-fourth of the electricity used by utility customers--must be cut in half.  ??* The utilities must agree to sell electricity to the state from their own generators, including nuclear plants and hydropower facilities, at slightly above cost.  ??* And the state must obtain favorable rates on its massive bond sales.  ??Although some progress has been made on all these fronts, none have been finalized.  ??For example, Davis announced a week ago that 40 long-term supply contracts had been negotiated with major generators at terms favorable to the state. But by Friday, fewer than a dozen of the contracts had been signed.  ??Moreover, because of the secrecy the Davis administration has imposed on details of the contracts, it is impossible to tell if the prices negotiated by the state are low enough to be covered by the $ 10 billion in power bonds beyond September.  ??Several California newspapers, including The Times, have been denied by Davis in repeated requests to obtain details under the California Public Records Act. On Friday, Assemblyman Tony Strickland (R-Moorpark) said he plans to file a lawsuit today demanding that contract details be disclosed.  ??If any one of the four key fronts blows up on Davis, the governor would then be faced with either dipping into the state budget surplus or asking the PUC to raise rates beyond the level now in motion. The currently programmed average 19% hike comes from a temporary 9% increase approved by the commission in December (and generally expected to be made permanent) and a further 10% boost by next March (when a rate rollback ordered under the state's 1996 deregulation law expires).  ??Davis has publicly opposed using tax funds to bail out the investor-owned utilities, on grounds that such a move would be unfair to customers of municipal utilities, such as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, that remain financially healthy.  ??In its action last week, the PUC made clear that if enough money is not found in the CPA to repay the Department of Water Resources, then customer rates would have to rise.  ??While acknowledging that it will be a close call, administration officials last week repeated their contention that the governor's rescue plan can be accomplished without raising rates beyond the 19%.  ??"Conceptually, I'm confident that the CPA mechanism operates in a manner that gets us appropriate bond capacity," state Finance Director Tim Gage said.  ??Angelides warned that the state needs to be wary of the utilities' taking more than their fair share.  ??"As the final divisions of the pie are made," Angelides said, "the utilities should recover no more out of that pie than the actual cost of generation plus their regulated return, and the state must be accorded the balance."   ??*  ??Times staff writer Nancy Rivera Brooks contributed to this story.  LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2001 
 Greetings Mark:  Here is the latest.  ENA signed a short-term deal (5 -week term, I believe) with DWR that goes through the end of the month, at which time we have the option to extend the deal to a five-year term.  We are discussing other longer-term deals, too.  As Steve points out, we've had serious concerns regarding DWR's creditworthiness.  (DWR, the Dept. of Water Resources, is the state agency that Davis made the purchaser of power when the utilities hit the financial skids a few months ago and the market stopped selling them power.)  The problem has been simple and significant---while our brilliant Governor and Legislature gave DWR the authority to buy power on behalf of the cash-strapped utilities, they neglected to t spell out how DWR would recover its costs of buying the power.  Based on comments from us and other suppliers regarding the creditworthiness issue, the California PUC issued an order last week establishing that 1) the PUC would indeed pass DWR's power costs through to ratepayers and 2) the PUC would NOT second-guess (i.e., impose "reasonabless" standards) on any contracts signed by DWR as a condition of passing the costs through to ratepayers.  With the CPUC decision (and other language that ENA's negotiated into the DWR contract), ENA is close to being comfortable signing the 5-year deal, even in the face of the FERC order.  That's predominantly due to the fact that the power price in the 5-year deal would come in well under the $150/MWH threshold that FERC has set up for any sort of "refund review."  But other things could crop up between now and the exercise date that could muck things up. I'll keep you posted on developments  as they transpire.  The big problem (as Steve notes) is that the State is on the verge of (some say hell bent on) taking over the entire electricity industry in California in perpetuity.  Our original proposal focused on getting price volatility and the utilities' financial position back under control.  Our contracting proposals have always been couched in the context of a temporary, stop-gap measure.  That is, the state would do the minimum amount needed via contracts to stabilize prices while simultaneoulsly doing what was necessary to get de-regulation back on track in California.  And once the situation had been righted, the State would as soon as possible exit the industry and let the market step back in.  Unfortunately, command-and-control, anti-deregulation policymakers have taken hold of the agenda (with the blessing, seemingly, of the Governor), and are moving the state toward a "takeover" response.  That's what we're actively opposing.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 I have forwarded the info to Ken, and just spoke with him.  Unless there are particular concerns, he will cover today's PR call with IEP.  Otherwise, Sue or I can listen in at 1.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 03/12/2001 02:32 PM 
 My calendar shows free, but you'll have to check with ms prentice.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 09/25/2000 10:49 AM 
 Dylan:  Don't kill me.  Is this case due today or next Monday? 
 Roger. 
 in all week.    Joseph Alamo 03/12/2001 02:00 PM 
 Thanks.  Just wanted to make sure that I wasn't losing my mind......  See you tonite.  Best, Jeff    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 03/12/2001 03:09 PM 
 Ken:  Could you please write a very brief synopsis of what took place on the IEP PR call?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Just got a call from a fellow named Jame Edgerly at the Enterprise Zone, Inc.  He told me that Ken Lay (through Ken's secretary Vanessa) referred me to him.  He is very interested in getting us to help him work with the Legislature to establish an "Enterprise Zone" energy tariff to encourage investment in California's Enterprice Zones.  Before I launch on the effort, just wanted to check in and see if this rings a bell with you.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 nope.    Joseph Alamo 03/12/2001 04:04 PM 
 Greetings Michelle:  As we talked about it last week---and now that I'm back in the office, I'm having folks check to make sure that this is 100% accurate:  Rates for core subscription customers are forecasted (I believe based on previous month's gas prices). Bills for core subscription customers are lagged (I believe by 30 days after consumption). The IOUs face a PBR mechanism that incents them to buy index (though they may have engaged in a modest amount of hedging). The California PUC issued an order (about 2 months ago) prohibiting noncore customers from switching to core subscription status.  I'm back in the office today, and have folks checking on this.  I need to pin down with certainty 1) the forecast period, and 2) the bill lag period.  Will get back to you as soon as we get the info.  If there's anything, just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Michelle Robichaux@EES 03/12/2001 04:33 PM 
 Glad to be of help.  Glad to hear it went well.  Someone sent me some press on the hearing that looked great. 
 Thank you.  Sounds like Tues and Wed it is. 
 Thank you.    Steven J Kean 03/12/2001 04:46 PM 
 For what it's worth, here are my edits overlayed on Jim's, Harry's and whomever else provided comments.  Best, Jeff     James D Steffes 03/12/2001 04:28 PM 
 Thanks, Scott. Did it include the "Sierra Pacific language" discussed on the call today? Best, Jeff  P.S.  Must be beautiful in Sacramento today. 
 Same.  Remember, it will soon be 135 degrees there.......    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 03/12/2001 06:41 PM 
 Let it go.  Ken is PR, and PR only.  There are also calls where substance is discussed. Ken can't do that.    Susan J Mara 03/12/2001 06:38 PM 
 Michelle:  I've verified the information below.  If you'd like to drill down deeper into any particular issue listed below, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 This sounds like a good idea. 
 Hi Jeannie:  My apologies.  I've been switched over to Windows 2000 and, well, things have been somewhat bumpy.  I have a few comments on the Frevert piece but can't find the document you sent.  Could you resend it?  Best, Jeff 
 Are we supporting this (at least conceptually)?  Seems important to have a tangible alternative to the horrible plan that the ISO Board/Staff is contemplating.  Best, Jeff    Jacqlynn Wu <jwu@apx.com> 03/12/2001 06:45 PM 
 Greetings: This was reported on the news this morning.  I'll see if I can retrieve anything off of our illustrious Governorn's web site.  Any reports of it in Washington D.C.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Sue: FYI--I'll be on the call and am covering.  You're welcome to join. Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 03/12/2001 06:56 PM 
 Thanks, Rosalee.  Best, Jeff    Rosalee Fleming 03/13/2001 08:46 AM 
 Jim, et al: FYI.  Lots of expansion plans going on, including TW.  We can discuss further on the call.  Expansions generally create some level of concern from shippers due to the fact that capacity to the boarder exceeds takeaway in California. It's particularly prickly at Wheeler, through which, I'm assuming, the Kern expansion will flow.  We can discuss further on the call.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/13/2001 09:45 AM 
 Thank you very much.  Jeff 
 Given everything that we've got on our plate, and the relative priority of the affiliate issue, and the fact that ARM and Wild Goose are involved, I would propose that we take a pass on this one.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much for taking care of the case.  See you tonite. 
 It's a love fest!  How goes it?    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/13/2001 11:26 AM 
 Steve: Based on the note from Rosalee, and if you agree, I'm going to assign low priority to the issue.  Jeff    Rosalee Fleming 03/13/2001 08:46 AM 
 FYI.  Silicon Manufacturer Group's comments on interruptible rates, etc. 
 greetings.  could you please call me at 415.782.7822.  thanks. Jeff 
 Prior to the UC/CSU blow-up, I would have said yes.  Now my inclination is to lay low.  But there may be other good reasons for getting out there.  I just can't think of any....  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 03/13/2001 01:30 PM 
 Yes.    Susan J Mara 03/13/2001 01:47 PM 
 Apologies, if I had your phone number, I'd have called you.  I'm tied up for the next hour or so.  If you give me your number, I can call you.  Best, Jeff    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 03/13/2001 02:26 PM 
 Jim: I'm assuming that I'll participate by phone in the meeting with Vicki and by phone in the meeting with Dave.  That right?  Best, Jeff 
 Agreed.  Also, Margaret, do we have numbers on what portion of GDP and California's "GDP" the tech sector represents?  Best, Jeff    Rob Bradley 09/24/2000 11:51 AM 
 can't wait to see the headlines:  "congressman has hitman kill pregnant girlfriend, but supreme court ruling will allow him to vote on big budget bill this sunday anyway!"    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 03/13/2001 04:07 PM 
 Ain't got one.  Please call Scott Govenar at 916.448.8240 for info.    Robert Frank 03/13/2001 04:15 PM 
 Greetings folks:  Great to see you (missed you, Donald) in Houston.  Please= =20 see attached.  This guy's been after me for some time.  I finally spoke wit= h=20 him and told him that I'd pass it along.  I don't know who (if anyone) in E= BS=20 is interested in OSS---I can't recall if it's a component of our=20 architecture, or not.  If there is someone who might be interested, could y= ou=20 forward this along?  They can choose to follow up, or not.  Hope all is wel= l,=20 and hope to see you again very soon.  Best, Jeff 
 http://www.governor.ca.gov/state/govsite/gov_htmldisplay.jsp?BV_SessionID=@@@@ 0703495593.0984525677@@@@&BV_EngineID=calkghdfhiibemfcfkmchcgi.0&sCatTitle=Pre ss+Release&sFilePath=/govsite/press_release/2001_03/20010313_PR01091_2020_ener gy_program.html&sTitle=GO 
                  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 03/13/2001 11:30 AM=20  GOVERNOR DAVIS UNVEILS 20/20 ENERGY REBATE=20 PROGRAM FOR SUMMER 2001 SACRAMENTO=20 California ratepayers will receive a 20 percent rebate on their summer=20 electric bill if they cut back their electricity use by 20 percent over las= t=20 summer's levels under a new initiative unveiled by Governor Davis today. The "20/20" program, created by the Governor under executive order, is=20 designed to help the state avoid the likelihood of blackouts this summer an= d=20 reward consumers who significantly conserve energy. In addition, it could= =20 save the state up to $1.3 billion in power costs by reducing the amount of= =20 electricity the state must buy during expensive summer peak periods. ?=14 ?=01AThis program helps us take control of our own energy destiny,?=14= ?=0F_ Governor=20 Davis said. ?=14 ?=01AWe will save money and reduce costs to consumers. The= 20/20=20 program will save up to 2,200 megawatts during the summer peak period.=20 That?=14 ?=01vs power the state won?=14 ?=01vt have to purchase. Instead of= paying=20 exorbitant rates to out-of-state generators, I?=14 ?=01vd rather pay Califo= rnia=20 consumers to conserve.?=14 ?=0F_=20 The voluntary program is designed to cover all households and businesses in= =20 California. Under the Governor?=14 ?=01vs plan, customers will receive a 20= percent=20 rebate on Summer 2001 bills if they achieve 20 percent or greater reduction= =20 in electricity consumption between June and September versus last year.=20 Residential and small commercial rebates will be based on 20 percent=20 reduction of total=20 consumption, while commercial and industrial customer rebates will be based= =20 on 20 percent reduction of peak load.=20 Rebates will be issued at the end of the June-September period. The 20/20 program for Summer 2001 is a major component of Governor Davis?= =14 ?=01v=20 comprehensive energy efficiency and demand reduction program. Since January= ,=20 Governor Davis has instituted conservation measures to help Californians=20 conserve energy, including:=20 Directing more than $800 million for programs to improve conservation and= =20 efficiency.=20 Implementing aggressive conservation measures in state buildings, resulting= =20 in about 200 MW of savings during energy emergencies.=20 Developing a comprehensive outreach and education campaign to reach=20 businesses,=20 organizations, and millions of California consumers.=20 Partnering with other governmental entities, including school districts to= =20 ensure that all 475 cities, 58 counties, and 8,300 schools in California=20 reduce consumption.=20 Adopting the strongest energy efficiency standards in the world for=20 residential and non-residential buildings and appliances.=20 Incorporating energy efficient, sustainable building designs in new state= =20 building projects.=20 Issuing 15 Governor's Executive Orders on energy.=20                                    PR01: 090 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 03/13/2001 8:00 AM=20  CALIFORNIA RECEIVES FIRST=20 PEAKER POWER PLANT PROPOSALS SACRAMENTO=20 Governor Gray Davis announced that the first two proposals for power plants= =20 to provide electricity at peak use times this summer have been received by= =20 the California Energy Commission. "We are doing everything we can to greatly streamline the time it takes to= =20 get new generation up and running this summer," Governor Davis said. "These= =20 new peaker proposals are examples of our determination to meet California's= =20 energy challenge." A 90-megawatt plant called the Larkspur Energy Facility would be located in= =20 the Otay Mesa area of the City of San Diego, at the corner of Harvest Road= =20 and Otay Mesa Road.=20 The second proposal is for the Indigo Energy Facility, a 135-megawatt plant= =20 that would be located near an existing wind generating facility in the City= =20 of Palm Springs in Riverside County. The project is north of Interstate 10,= =20 on 19th Avenue, east of North Indian Avenue.=20 Both projects use natural gas-fueled simple-cycle turbine generators equipp= ed=20 with state of the art air pollution control features. They are being propos= ed=20 by Wildflower Energy LP, a Houston, Texas-based company. The two projects a= re=20 part of the Independent System Operator's reliability generation agreements= =20 planned to come on-line this summer. On February 8, 2001, Governor Davis directed the Energy Commission to use i= ts=20 emergency power plant permitting authority to permit new peaking and=20 renewable power plants that can be on-line by July 31, 2001. The emergency= =20 permitting authority extended to peaker projects that have ISO contracts an= d=20 have not begun the licensing process with the local jurisdictions. Peaker= =20 power plants are simple cycle generators that can be constructed in a=20 relatively small area and can readily connect to the existing electricity= =20 transmission and natural gas system.=20 The Energy Commission review of the proposed projects will include site tou= rs=20 and informational hearings in both local areas. Both applications are=20 currently under review by Energy Commission staff for data adequacy. Once= =20 they are accepted as data adequate, the Energy Commission plans to expedite= =20 the licensing process under its emergency process to approve projects in as= =20 soon as 21 days.=20 Provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act do not apply to=20 emergency power plant projects. 
 Hi TJ.  I forgot to request that last week's class be video-ed and I was wondering if someone else requested a video-taping.  It was for Tasker's (E221?) class that meets on Thursdays.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 If you're referring to the conversation we had on today's call, it's actually a bill by Dede Alpert (sp?) that, if signed by the Governor, would cause demand to go up.  Were you referring to that or something more general?  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 03/13/2001 06:47 PM 
 I'll check.  In the meantime, I'm in the SF office all week.    Joseph Alamo 09/25/2000 01:02 PM 
 Greetings:  Sounds like I'm glad that I missed the quiz last week.  Hate to be a nag, but we've got to turn in what we're doing for our project on Thursday.  I propose doing a nice, clean merger, which would allow us to do both comparative analysis (who are these companies?) and merger/valuation analysis.  Mark and I talked last night and I pleaded again not to do strict accounting stuff, but if that's what folks would like to do, I can certainly suck it up.  Any thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 absolutely NO need to be sorry, my dear.    Janel Guerrero 03/13/2001 07:42 PM 
 Kristen: My edits to the declaration.  Best, Jeff  415.782.7822     "Kristen Bird" <kb@quinnemanuel.com> 03/13/2001 05:19 PM 
 Apologies.  This is the correct version.  Best, Jeff 
 Soda Springs used to be a ski place (on the summit).  Hopefully, there's still something there (but with these conditions, could be very Spring-ee).    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 03/13/2001 07:45 PM 
 unavailable between 8 am and 1030 am and 1130 and 1230.  otherwise ok.  best, jeff    Lysa Akin@ECT 03/13/2001 06:08 PM 
 Chris: Did you find out who the folks are from Navigant working on the contracts?  Best, Jeff 
 Margaret:  Congratulations.  Sounds very exciting.  You will be sorely, sorely missed.  Your family's (immense) gain is Enron's loss. It's been an incredible pleasure working with you.  Best, Jeff    Margaret Carson 03/14/2001 09:29 AM 
 Hey Buddy:  Hope your weekend was nice.  Tried to call, but I think your voicemail is messed up out there today.  Checking in to see whether Hoecker said it or not.  Any word?  Also, looks like we're on for Portland next Tuesday/Wednesday.  Would definitely like to gather (phone call or something) prior to the meeting so we (me, you, Rick, Richard) are clear on what our goals are for the meeting and what the agenda needs to look like.  Finally, I should have a draft of my "Tech Section" ready by tomorrow sometime.  That was our deadline, correct?  Any other follow-info from last Tuesday'Wednesday's meeting that I should be aware of?  Finally, you see Harry's note?  Can you make a call to discuss the PG&E strategy on Wednesday?  Best, Jeff 
 I'll be there.  Thanks. 
 We'll do our best.  It'll be that much tougher w/out your help.  Go to Giverny and paint some flower gardens for me.  Best, Jeff    Margaret Carson 03/14/2001 10:52 AM 
 Could be a move to create some negotiating leverage to persuade suppliers to take a haircut on the utilities undercollection. 
 I'm having the same problem.  She states on the izio site that that the cases are in the reader.  they ain't.  if anyone has them and could fax them to me at 415.782.7854, would be greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff  Also, I like both ideas--Anil's and Mark's.  I think that we could discuss at break and write it up then and turn in at beginning of second half of class. I'd lean a bit toward the Amazon suggestion, but could go either way.    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 03/14/2001 07:39 AM 
 ok wiseguy, what the hell is an npvcd (why do i have the sinking feeling that i'll be sorry that i asked?). 
 what specifically are you referring to?  could you call me?  i'm supposed to finalize, like now.  thanks. 
 Shoulda known.  Congratulations.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    Linda Robertson 03/14/2001 11:54 AM 
 Kirsten:  I've made two small changes. Moved the last sentence in paragraph 5 to the second sentence in paragraph 6.  I think it makes more sense there. I've modified the last sentence in paragraph 10 to be what I think is a more accurate statement.  It now reads: "It could instead prohibit further direct access arrangements as of the issuance of the order, when and if that occurs, or as of some other unspecified date in the future. "  Let me know if you're comfortable with these changes and I'll print out the last page, sign and fax to your SF office.  Best, Jeff 
 Appears that PG&E has joined the "refund" chorus.    Miyung Buster@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/25/2000 02:31 PM 
 thanks.  did she hand out the second reader last thursday? 
 FYI.  As part of our defense against the UC/CSU suit, I've been asked to provide a declaration.  The gist of the declaration is that the future of Direct Access in California is very uncertain.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  In a letter to the California Legislature, the independent California Legislative Analyst is predicting significant shortages for this summer in excess of those predicted by the governor and the Cal Energy Commission. 
 FYI. 
 My comments on Bob's memo.  Best, Jeff      Vicki Sharp@EES 03/14/2001 02:05 PM 
 Visionary's one thing, but, oy, the talent.  Talk about the talent! 
 oops, no attachment. 
 thanks very much, counselor, for you advice on the (stinking) declaration.  I modified that last sentence to be much more general (and, arguably, accurate).  much appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 I'd wait until, for example, Ginger and Maureen say they're happy and all the bugs have been worked out--my productivity has dropped by about 99%.  I'll do some minor strike-out-underline and some minor suggestions and send back by 5 pm California time. 
 thanks.  no problem. 
 We can discuss and decide over the break.  Best, Jeff    "Mark Guinney" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 03/14/2001 09:35 AM 
 Vicki: I'll assume that for the meeting tomorrow, you folks will call me at my office number--415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve: Jim mentioned that Ken Lay was trying to talk to Glynn today about getting the PX credit issue resolved.  Any progress made?  Best, Jeff 
 See update on SBX47, below. 
 Oh great, he gets married, but his kids die from pollution. 
 FYI. 
 That's the right story.  Only thing I'd be prepared for is the following, "OK, Mr. Belden, California's stupid, they did it wrong, and your company told them so right at the outset.  Does that give you the right to rob California's consumers and businesses blind?"  Regarding the story with Peace quoted saying "we exported our stranded costs out of state."  I recall seeing that story on several occasions.  Karen, do we have someone who can do a search (lexis/nexis) and find those articles? Shouldn't be too tough.  Best, Jeff    Tim Belden@ECT 03/14/2001 07:47 PM 
 you better be at home and not in the office.  you are very smooth.  to wit, "tim you could get some pointed questions....." god bless you.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Hi Katie: Thought IEP folks might be interested. Best, Jeff  Wednesday March 14, 12:22 pm Eastern Time  US Senate rejects California utility bankruptcy measure By Patrick Connole  WASHINGTON, March 14 (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Wednesday rejected a bid to force California utility companies to repay power generators for electricity they bought under a federal government sales order, even if utilities go bankrupt.  In a motion on the Senate floor, lawmakers killed an amendment to a broader bankruptcy reform bill that opponents said was a dangerous proposal that would have opened the door to involuntary bankruptcy filings by troubled California utilities. The utilities in question are PG&E Corp.'s (NYSE:PCG - news) Pacific Gas & Electric and Edison International's (NYSE:EIX - news) Southern California Edison.  The amendment was sponsored by Oregon Democrat Sen. Ron Wyden, Montana Democrat Sen. Max Baucus and Oregon Republican Sen. Gordon Smith.  Proponents said the measure would have protected the customers of the federally-owned Bonneville Power Administration and other Northwest utilities from unfair rate increases due to the California energy crisis.  ``I don't think it's fair for consumers in other Western states to get caught holding the bag if California utilities take our power and then run into bankruptcy court to avoid their debts,'' Wyden said.  ``The Northwest has been more than a good neighbor to California during this crisis,'' he said.  Interestingly, the California Senate delegation was split on the matter. Democrat Dianne Feinstein opposed the amendment, while fellow Democrat Barbara Boxer supported it.  Feinstein called the proposal a ``dangerous amendment'' that would create two classes of creditors and ``probably force an involuntary bankruptcy.''  The broader bankruptcy reform bill is expected to be approved by the Senate by the end of the week.  Separately, talks between California and its three investor owned utilities on a deal under which the state might buy their transmission assets continued this week with no deal in sight.  The state is negotiating with PG&E and Edison, along with Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE - news) unit San Diego Gas and Electric.  The deals are aimed mainly at pumping money into PG&E and SoCal Edison to keep them out of bankruptcy after they recorded about $13 billion in red ink since last spring, paying sky-high prices for power in the wholesale market.  PG&E and SoCal Edison, under the terms of the state's disastrous experiment with market deregulation, have been able to pass on to their retail customers only a fraction of their power purchase costs. 
 thanks.  it's too complicated for such a simple mind.  i'm gonna take a pass.  how's things?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/15/2001 10:40 AM 
 Jennifer: I'm on a call with Delainey that just got convened, which means that I might be delayed till 11:45.  Unfortunately, Harry's on vacation.  I'll call in just as soon as I get done with Delainey.  Also, I was on a call with Eric yesterday, during which I went over the S.D. legislation, so he should be fairly up to speed.  I'll get on just as soon as I can.  Best, Jeff    Jennifer Rudolph@EES 03/15/2001 10:51 AM 
 if i try to think about one more thing, my head will explode.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/15/2001 11:10 AM 
 Worry not.  Hope all is well.  Went to the tapas place ("Cesar") next to Chez Panisse.  Have you been there?  Very nice and pretty fun, too.  Best, Jeff 
 cute.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/15/2001 11:13 AM 
 FYI.  There is a great catalogue of the legislation currently pending attached as an appendix to the leg analyst report that I distributed yesterday.  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 03/15/2001 11:19 AM 
 Well done.  One other point:  If the PUC rules on the 27th that the rate freeze is not going to end retroactively, that should put Ken Lay in a much stronger position to negotiate with Glynn on reaching a deal on payment.  Best, Jeff 
 Nokia Expects to Meet Earnings Forecast Despite Lowered Sales, Industry Outlook Dow Jones Newswires HELSINKI, Finland -- Despite market conditions that have cut into its sales growth, Nokia Corp. said Thursday that it expects to meet its earnings target for the first quarter of 2001, thanks to better-than-anticipated profit margins. Nokia estimates it is likely to earn 19 European cents a share in the first quarter, in line with estimates it provided in January. Nokia's shares received a boost from the statement, rising 2.60 euros, or 11%, to 27.15 euros in early-afternoon trading in Helsinki. In midday trading in the U.S., shares of Nokia were up $3.20, or 15%, to $25 on the New York Stock Exchange. The company said it expects year-on-year sales growth in its networks division during the first quarter to be 30% to 35%, and 15% to 20% in the mobile-handsets division. Total sales growth is expected to be around 20%, the company said. That is lower than the 25% to 30% sales growth the company forecast in January, when it released full-year results for 2000. The company said it has had to confront "difficult market conditions," particularly in the U.S. "We feel confident about our strengths and our performance during the early months of the year," Nokia Chairman and Chief Executive Jorma Ollila said. "Despite the more difficult market conditions, we have been able to show good progress. We expect to see solid growth for the first quarter as a whole, with better-than-anticipated margins." As a result of the tougher conditions, Nokia said it now expects global handset sales for 2001 to be between 450 million and 500 million units. It had previously forecast a range of 500 million to 550 million units, saying sales near the bottom end were more likely.  1Motorola Announces More Job Cuts In Wireless-Phone Handset Business (March 14) 2Ericsson Issues Profit Warning Amid Sagging Economy, Sales (March 13) 3Ericsson to Outsource Handset Sector to Stem Losses in Consumer Goods (Jan. 29)  Just last year, manufacturers were expected to sell about 650 million cellphones world-wide in 2001, but the industry is slumping as many consumers delay buying or upgrading their phones. Nokia's statement comes three days after Swedish rival Telefon AB L.M. Ericsson warned that it expected a substantial loss in the first quarter because of slowdowns in both its handset and networks businesses. And Motorola Inc. of the U.S. said Tuesday that it will slash 7,000 jobs in its cellphone- and pager-manufacturing business, and will take a still-unspecified charge against first- and second-quarter earnings. Including the latest cuts, Motorola has set plans to eliminate 18,000 jobs since December, or 12% of its 147,000-member work force. Ericsson, meanwhile, has taken the unusual step of deciding to outsource its entire phone production to a third party -- a major retreat by a company once famous for manufacturing the most-sophisticated cellular phones in the world. Nokia said it has reacted to the changing market conditions by accelerating programs to improve efficiency and cut costs, but it didn't provide details. The company also said it has widened its market share in the handset market above the 32% it achieved in 2000. And it said its own stock levels, as well as the stock levels of Nokia phones already shipped to stores, are lower than at the end of 2000. "More challenging times like these test your mettle as a company," Mr. Ollila said. "We believe that truly great companies emerge from challenging times much stronger." The company said it would comment further on its performance on April 20, when it releases first-quarter results. URL for this Article: http://interactive.wsj.com/archive/retrieve.cgi?id=SB984654324403927366.djm  Hyperlinks in this Article: (1) http://interactive.wsj.com/archive/retrieve.cgi?id=SB984492874612250695.djm (2) http://interactive.wsj.com/archive/retrieve.cgi?id=SB98440752335536227.djm (3) http://interactive.wsj.com/archive/retrieve.cgi?id=SB980501096275845838.djm 
 you need to have a chat with ken. 
 David: Thanks so much.  I'd almost given up hope.  I will be distributing the proposal immediately and attempting to garner support industry-wide, across the nation.  Can't make any promises of support, but will be working hard to try to bring people together.  I'll be in touch soon.  Don't hesitate to contact me to discuss it further.  415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Lamentably, they don't have a plan.  In fact SoCalGas is saying, "No problems."    Alan Comnes@ECT 03/15/2001 02:37 PM 
 The only place wackier than CA is OR. 
 very much appreciated.  i'm up and running, and all seems to be going well.     Joseph Alamo 08/24/2000 02:58 PM 
 Ditto:  Caps, stink, but if they must be done in the short term, only do them for residential (since of course the damage that wholesale prices will inflict will grossly outweigh and alleged benefits). But any caps must be accompanied by real, strucutural reforms.  Have a great time.  Please let us know how it goes.  (I have a sneaking suspicion they listen to you more than you let on.)  Best, Jeff 
 Hey, Calger told me that Skilling said that the PGE/Sierra deals pretty much kapoot.  Does that mean that you're finally freed from that hairball? 
 FYI.  Also see proposals regarding gas.  Best, Jeff 
 do we really not know who is speaking on our behalf at the event in LA? 
 probably Dave Parquet........................(kidding!  if we can't laugh, what do we have left, by god.)    Karen Denne 03/15/2001 04:15 PM 
 Greetings:  Recall that about 3 weeks we got a call from a CA PUC staffer asking whether we'd switched a particular gas customer (or two) back to the LDC.  We looked into it and discovered that we'd mistakenly switched the customer back due to a mix up about the fact that the customer had two active meters behind two different utilities.  We informed the PUC staffer of the mix-up and explained that the situation would be resolved.  The questions from the staffer arose because the CA PUC made a bad decision a couple of months ago. When gas prices ran up at the California border a lot of large ("noncore") customers attempted to switch back to the utility tariff in the hope of lowering gas costs.  In response, SoCalGas filed with the Commission asking the PUC to prohibit customers from switching back.  The Commission agreed and put the prohibition in place.  The Commission is now concerned that if suppliers terminate their contracts with customers (for whatever reason), or choose not to renew the contracts when they expire, customers won't have the option of returning to LDC service.  Today, I received a letter from the President of the Commission asking me to respond to the following:  Have you "stopped selling and delivering natural gas to any non-core customers with whom you have an existing procurement contract, or...notified any of your non-core customers that you do not intend to renew an existing natural gas commodity procurement contract.  If your company has stopped or intends to stop serving non-core customers, the CPUC also needs to know  how many contracts you have terminated or expect to terminate the natural gas volumes involved the location of the non-core customer(s) the reason(s) your company intends or has already acted to terminate those contracts."  There's a good chance that the letter from the President of the Commission is linked to the fact that we've recently switched our electricity customers back to utility service in California.  Prior to deciding whether and how to respond to the Commissioner, I'm trying to get handle on whether we're re-sourcing any gas retail customers to the utility prior to expiration, choosing not to renew contracts once they've expired, etc.  Catherine, or Jim Foster, can you help out?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 don't sell just yet. 
 FYI.  Bill Gang of EES Federal Solutions has been working actively with the Air Force in California.  I've participated in weekly calls with them in the effort to get them energized about DA.  Turns out they're precluded by law from lobbying.  But they seem to have other ways of being influential.  I've put Scott Govenar in contact with them and he's keeping them in the DA Coalition loop.  Bill/Scott is this guy familiar to you?  Bill any suggestions on how we might best target them in our efforts to get groups energized?  Bill:  Perhaps you could phone Janel Guerrero directly to discuss?  Her number is:  713.853.9104 (is that right Janel)?  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 03/15/2001 05:43 PM 
 This is great info and very helpful.  Thanks a million.  I'll likely be getting back to you.  Best, Jeff    James D Foster@EES 03/16/2001 08:49 AM 
 Greetings: Sorry to bother you with this, but please see notes below.  I need to find out who I can contact to get information on our noncore accounts.  I'm assuming that you might know whom that would be.  Thanks a million. Hope all's well.  Best, Jeff 
 Jeannie:  Here are a few proposed edits.  If you need anything, just holler.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm assuming that since it's the middle of March, that it's only fair that he should get paid for services rendered in January, but maybe I'm missing something.    Susan J Mara 03/15/2001 05:59 PM 
 Thanks very much for your help. Best, Jeff 
 Great points.  Teece---and the lion's share of the folks on the participants list---are advocates of a minimalist role for government, particularly where markets are a clear and preferably option, as in the case of electricity.  That said, I think we're going to have to make a fundamental decision about what the goal of this "study" would be, which will determine, to a large degree, whether we choose to pursue it.  I'll throw out for comment the notion that the study should be designed to serve one purpose:  to influence the policy decision currently under debate "To de-regulate or not."  As such, I wouldn't see issues like "PJM or APX" or "competitive default supplier or not," or "divest generation with vesting contracts or retain the assets" being the focus.  That debate over critically important implementation details, would seem to come in "Round 2," once the initial debate over "deregulate or not" is won. To try to do both, i.e., resolve in the broad policy issue AND make the case for the specific, "right" implementation plan, would arguably bog the study down, perhaps interminably.  And it seems that time is of the essence in the current environment.  In addition, unless the fundamental policy issue is won--and won rather quickly--debating  implementation may be moot.  Of course, it will be impossible to avoid some level of dicussion on "how to do it," but that would not be the emphasis.  In sum, I'd suggest for comment that it only makes sense to proceed---particularly since time is of the essence---if we focus on the high level policy level question of "to deregulate or not," and address implementation in a second, or follow up, study.  I think we should try to make a call on this swiftly, since the "go/no go" decision would seem to flow from resolution of this issue.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/16/2001 08:22 AM 
 Jim/Jeanne: Do we know what case this request has been made in and if we're one of the 5 listed?  Thanks. Best, Jeff 
 State's Power Purchases Costlier Than Projected Tab is $6 million a day over Davis' requests Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Friday, March 16, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle  Sacramento -- California has spent about $6 million more a day buying electrical power than originally projected, according to a confidential document obtained yesterday by The Chronicle. State power buyers spent $2.7 billion between Jan. 17 and March 11, averaging $49 million a day. That amounts to about $6 million a day more than lawmakers figured using Gov. Gray Davis' appropriations requests. The confidential document was prepared by the Department of Water Resources, which purchases power on behalf of the state. It was handed to a group of lawmakers in a subcommittee hearing Wednesday by Water Resources Director Tom Hannigan. To the public, the document presents the first day-by-day look at how much California is spending on power purchases. Although the document shows more money being spent than originally believed, it didn't startle any of the handful of senators and Assembly members who saw it. "I don't think it was a surprise," said Assemblyman Dick Dickerson, R- Redding. Although the state is supposed to recoup the money spent on electricity, analysts and lawmakers say the open spigot on the state's treasury could jeopardize the state budget and fiscal well-being in the short and long term. For example, the state's power spending could jeopardize new education programs and transportation projects. The nonpartisan Legislative Analyst warned last month that lawmakers shouldn't count on all the new projects in Davis' proposed budget. Also, California has already been placed on a watch list by several credit rating firms, because of the deep debt that could be incurred in helping the utilities become financially stable. The watch list typically precedes a credit rating drop, which would cause the state's interest on bonds and loans to rise. "This (power purchasing) has a dampening effect," said Jean Ross, executive director of the California Budget Project, an independent policy group that tracks state spending. "Nobody knows where the economy is going, and how the energy crisis will affect it, so no one will know what the revenues will look like in the future." The biggest day of power buying happened on Feb. 16 when the state spent nearly $81 million for electricity, or $435 per megawatt hour. The smallest day was March 10 when the state buyers spent $40 million, or $219 per megawatt hour. Michael Worm, an analyst with the investment firm Gerald Klauer Mattison & Co., said what the state paid was in line with current energy prices. "That's where energy prices more or less have been for quite some time," he said. "Of course, they are dramatically higher than they used to be." The governor's office has refused to release information on how much the state has spent, said Steve Maviglio, Davis' spokesman. Maviglio said if generators found out how much the state spent the day before, they could force up the price the next day. But Assemblyman Tony Strickland, R-Thousand Oaks, said the public had a right to know how its money way being spent. "People need to know exactly what it is costing to keep the lights on," he said. "We want to know the whole story -- not just pieces." Strickland, along with media organizations including The Chronicle, have filed public records act requests to obtain information on how much the state has spent, along with the details of long-term power contracts signed by Davis. The original bill that authorized the state to purchase power appropriated only $500 million, but allowed the governor to use up to $10 billion if needed for power purchases by notifying lawmakers. The governor's office has sent five letters since Feb. 5 to lawmakers notifying them that additional money was needed. Based on these letters, which in total have requested an additional $2.5 billion, the news media and lawmakers estimated that the state was spending $43 million a day -- $6 million less than the actual costs shown on the Water Resources document. Since the state began purchasing electricity, the health of its budget has become dependent on a variety of things to come, making it as fragile as a house of cards. The money spent on power is taken from the state's general fund and is supposed to be returned through the issuance of state bonds. The bonds will be paid for with a portion of the rates that utility customers pay every month. - Tell Us What You Think Can you save 20 percent on your energy usage? Gov. Gray Davis is offering rebates for Californians who save on power starting in June, and if you've got a strategy for conserving, The Chronicle wants to hear it. Contact the Energy Desk, San Francisco Chronicle, 901 Mission St., San Francisco, CA 94103; or e- mail energysaver@sfchronicle.com. -- E-mail Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com. Paying for Power These charts show what the state spent for electricity on the spot market and the average price paid. For the time frame of Jan. 17 through Feb. 14, only periodic totals and averages were given. Period             Amount spent 9 p.m. Jan. 17 through Jan. 18      $13,595,121 Jan. 19 - 29         399,000,000 Jan. 29 - 31         136,546,472 Feb. 1 - 12          495,755,000 Feb. 12 - 14         152,087,316 Chronicle Graphic   ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 11 
 Please note marked increase in Chron's quality of reporting when it ain't Lazarus doing the reporting.  This was the lead, front page story in the Chron.  Note Abraham's quote in p.#3 re: "must increase supply or decrease demand."  I've heard that somewhere before.  Best, Jeff   Energy Boss Says State Summer Blackouts 'Appear Inevitable' Carolyn Lochhead, Chronicle Washington Bureau Friday, March 16, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/16/MN20 0965.DTL Washington -- The Bush administration warned yesterday that blackouts "appear inevitable" in California this summer, but it firmly rebuffed a deal from Sen. Dianne Feinstein that would force the state to lift its rate freeze on consumers in exchange for federal controls on wholesale prices. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham insisted that price controls would make shortages worse by reducing power sales into the state. The administration's top priority is to prevent blackouts, he said. "Let me make one point clear," Abraham told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. "Any action we take must either help increase supply or reduce demand. . . . Price caps will not increase supply or reduce demand. In fact, in our view, they will seriously aggravate the supply crisis." Abraham said electricity shortages in California "will get worse, and blackouts this summer appear inevitable." He cited projections of anywhere from 20 to 200 hours of rolling outages this summer. "I'm not saying that people in California don't want lower energy costs," he said. "But I know for sure they don't want to be sitting this summer without electricity at all. And our goal is to try to avoid that as the primary public interest responsibility of this administration." Feinstein became the first leading state Democrat to break with Gov. Gray Davis in calling for an end to the rate freeze that has kept electricity prices low for California consumers, even as soaring wholesale costs have driven the state's investor-owned utilities to bankruptcy and now are draining the state's budget surplus. But Feinstein insisted that the federal government must simultaneously force down wholesale prices until ample new power plants come online. Feinstein said higher consumer rates would encourage conservation, saying that if people just turned off their computers at night, they would save 7 percent of the state's electricity supply. She also said the state, which now is buying electricity for the utilities, has already run through $2.7 billion and could spend $10 billion on electricity this year. "That is gone," Feinstein said. "It doesn't buy a school. It doesn't repair a road. It doesn't build the water system many of us believe the state needs." The offer came as a compromise with Oregon Republican Sen. Gordon Smith, who warned that an "economic and environmental catastrophe" awaits the Western states this summer when electricity demand is expected to soar while a drought in the Northwest constricts the supply of hydroelectric power. Smith's move to embrace price controls, which he had earlier rejected, reflected sharply intensifying political pressure on the Bush administration to intervene in the electricity market, as Western officials complained bitterly yesterday that rising energy prices are forcing layoffs and now threaten the region's economy. LESSONS OF SUPPLY, DEMAND "I'm afraid this summer we're going to be in the middle of a dry lakebed explaining to very angry farmers and homeowners and former factory workers the lessons of supply and demand," said Smith, whose family owns a frozen vegetables business. "I don't want to send the wrong signals to the marketplace . . . but I'll tell you, the wrong signal is a recession." Abraham repeatedly sought to counter criticism that the Bush administration is not doing enough to aid the West, citing a letter he sent to Davis yesterday that said the White House will not oppose the state's plan to take over the investor-owned utilities' transmission lines, despite disagreeing with the approach. "Regrettably, I think our opposition to price caps has been claimed by some to suggest that the administration either does not care about California and the West or is doing nothing to help," Abraham said. "That is simply untrue." Abraham said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's recent order to 13 power suppliers to refund $69 million in January overcharges to the utilities would send "a signal that companies that exploit a serious situation aren't going to get away with it." He also cited expedited federal approvals and waivers for power plants and discussions with Mexico to try to increase electricity exports from Baja to California. But Abraham firmly rejected price caps, saying they "have already been tried and already failed" in California when a price ceiling for electricity sales into the state was reduced over the past year from $750 a megawatt hour to $150. RESULTS OF PRICE CAPS "The lower the price cap was set, the higher average electricity prices rose," Abraham said, in part because municipal utilities were exempt. New federal price caps would affect just half of the Western electricity market, he said, and so would shift supplies from regulated to unregulated markets rather than control prices. He also said price caps would "almost certainly" reduce sales from Mexico and Canada and induce "cheating and circumvention." Armed with charts showing huge wholesale price increases over the past year, Feinstein expressed her strong disappointment. "Oh, Mr. Secretary," Feinstein said, "I was really surprised by the ideologic hardness of your statement. I must tell you that." She said California will be 5,000 megawatts short of electricity this summer, enough power for 5 million homes. "It's a lot of shortness," she said, predicting that prices will reach $5,000 a megawatt hour. "What does California do about that if it isn't going to get any help to provide that stability and reliability over that period of time? . . . All we're asking for is help to prevent price-gouging." Abraham countered that the administration's position is "common sense." "I'm telling you, I think this summer, if California has worse blackouts than currently projected, that (price caps) would have been a disservice to the people of your state," Abraham said. "If the rest of the West finds the Canadian energy providers refusing to sell at the same levels because of price caps . . . that's in my judgment an irresponsible carrying out of our public responsibilities here." In Sacramento, Davis said he was "particularly grateful" for the administration's promise not to oppose the state transmission takeover. He also said the state would "have just enough power to avoid blackouts" but said "federal officials are of a different view." Still, the governor continued to urge ''some effort to temper wholesale prices." E-mail Carolyn Lochhead at clochhead@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 now that's funny.  hey, we're going to tahoe.  maybe if things work out, we can stop by and say hi on sunday on the way back, if we get back early enough. 
 Hey, forget football, and Terrell what's-his-name and the demise of the 49ers.  Think road.  If it's going to get done 1) the wood needs to get moved and 2) we need to tell Jeff Green immediately so he can order the gravel. Let me know.  It's the 2 minute warning and you're down by a touchdown.  Best, Jeff 
 Seems like something we'd want to wallpaper the halls of the state capitol with.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Professor:  Our group consists of Jeff Dasovich, Mark Guinney, Anil Sama and Carolyn Vavrek.  We propose to examine the recently failed acquisition by Coke of Quaker Oats:  Why merge?  What was the value?  Upside?  Downside?  Why did it go bust?  Should it have gone through?  What's up with this Buffet guy, anyway?  If you have any concerns with this proposal, please let us know.  Finally, if possible, we'd like to present on Thursday, April 26th.  Best, Jeff 
 that was from yesterday's call-----he can get down right surreal on the calls sometime. just an observation.  surreally yours, jeff    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/16/2001 01:01 PM 
 Figured you had it in hand.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/16/2001 01:05 PM 
 boy, you sure know how to entice! 
 Apologies. Didn't have access to my computer and didn't see the note. Steffes filled me in. If there's anything you need, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 On behalf of free-market loving people around the world, thank you.  I'll forward later this morning or early afternoon what I've pulled together (or more accurately, simply re-arranged, using the great info you forward last week).  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Info regarding conversations between Ken Lay and Bob Glynn (CEO of PG&E Corp) regarding payment by PG&E to us of the negative CTC credit.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Dale:  Please call me to discuss your question.  (415.782.7822)  Customers could try to "bypass" the utility, but until Dec. '95 (PUC final policy decision) and AB 1890, it was against the law to have direct access, so you may be misinterpreting the yellow book just a bit.  There were other forms of "bypass" at that time, but DA as we think of it today was illegal.  Give me a call and we can try to clear things up (specific references to where in the YB you're getting this impression will be helpful).    Glad to talk to you on Friday and be happy to talk more if you have any other questions, or desire any follow up.  Best, Jeff    Dale Kasler <DKasler@sacbee.com> 03/19/2001 11:10 AM 
 Agreed. 
 thank you very much for dinner last nite.  really nice of you.  it was delicious and sorry that we were a little obnoxious--that's what 5 hours in the car will do to you.  great to see you guys.  really something about eldon's solo.  would have liked to see it.  plz make sure that he tells about it next time.  and don't worry, we'll get the luggage thing worked out.  why don't you and i do the planning on that one.  what's the chance of you dropping of the "community bag," or the wine box with me on Friday nite and i can just check it in as mine?  best, jeff 
 you bet.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/19/2001 10:26 AM 
 FYI.  Go Leslie!  Best, Jeff 
 thanks alot for the help. best, Jeff 
 Yes, am aware of it, but there was no attachment (re: PG&E's proposal) in the note that I received.  Could someone please forward?  Thanks.    John Wack@EES 09/26/2000 07:57 AM 
 I meant sunday nite.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/19/2001 12:58 PM 
 will do.  you on this big distribution list? 
 oh man, that's bad.  we'll you're on the list now. 
 FYI. 
 Please call when you get a chance--415.782.7822.  pager = 888.916.7184.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Scott.  Scott/Hedy/Sandi/Bev:  Erik Letke heads up the retail marketing effort underway in San Diego.  Marty Sunde wants Alpert to have an EES commercial contact that she can talk to in the event she has further questions, etc., He'd like Erki to be the contact person.  Erik could you copy your vitals (title, contact info) to Scott and Hedy Govenar and Sandi McCubbin so they can forward along to Alpert?  Erik, seems that it would be useful if the customer letters to Alpert could make the following points (folks please weigh in and add/subtract/modify if needed):  The customer's glad to have had the option to take Direct Access service from Enron because having the opportunity to take advantage of the offer has made the customer better off. Direct Access is an extremely important option that customers need, want and should have going forward. Any "solution" that the Legislature comes up with must therefore include the continuation of Direct Access for all customers. As such, the Legislature should immediately fix AB 1X to make sure that Direct Access remains a permanent fixture of California's energy strategy. Direct Access customers should not be forced to pay for DWR's power purchase costs, since Direct Access customers aren't benefitting from those purchases.  Best, Jeff      Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 03/19/2001 04:01 PM 
 hi.  been trying to call you, but you're not answering.  call me at 505.6633. 
 Greetings:  Sent you a project proposal last Thursday on behalf of Dasovich, Guinney, Sama and Vavrek and just wanted to make sure that you received it.  Could you let me know?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 just got word that my prof's sick, so i don't have class tonite. 
 Marty:  Thanks for the information.  Getting Eric's contact information to Alpert's office is in motion. Regarding attempt to follow-up with those who called Alpert's office to complain, I wasn't clear on that action.  Likely makes sense for Eric to coordinate with Sandi to make the contact with Alpert's office. Letters are an attempt to influence Alpert to 1) fix the Direct Access prohibition and 2) ensure that DA customers don't get saddled with the DWR costs.  Let me know if this approach works.  Best, Jeff    Marty Sunde@EES 03/19/2001 07:02 PM 
 Gee, with all due respect, this sounds like SoCal trying to justify its windowing policy.  Have you considered a career as a PR exec with OPEC.  Affectionately yours, Jeff    Jeffery Fawcett 09/26/2000 09:57 AM 
 Apologies.  tues.  in office; maybe in Sacramento in afternoon wed. maybe in Sacramento thurs. s.f. fri. s.f. 
 Jim:  Attached is a fairly distilled summary of the projects Enron's offered to the utilities, DWR and the ISO over the past 9-12 months, or so.  With respect to the power contracts offered to the IOUs, only the offers accepted by PG&E and Edison are included---the desk doesn't keep records of offers rejected, only offers accepted.  However, I'm fairly confident that I can dig deeper and get more info on the other power deals offered to Edison, PG&E and SDG&E if folks would like that information.  Just let me know. Prices are included for the offers that had prices attached when submitted.  Best, Jeff 
 Margaret:  Bev Hansen will be giving the gas report to California State Assemblymembers Keith Richman and John Campbell. If there's a desire to distribute to anyone else, we'll check in first.  Thanks very much for your help and thanks for clearing with CERA.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Congratulations to you both.  I know how these cat-herding exercises can be. Great effort.  (And greatly appreciated from the point of view of someone living in a bunker in California.)  Best, Jeff 
 Is it possible to get a login ID and password to get into the CERA site?  Best, Jeff    Lora Sullivan 03/20/2001 07:46 AM 
 FYI.  Any thoughts Joe & Co.? Is release from contracts an "increase supply" option?  My fear is that QFs get released and then California's "police state" mentality kicks in, enacting Exec Orders, legislation, etc. to ensure that the power from the QF facilities stays in California.  Best, Jeff 
 But for the very minor edits attached, the letter looks fine with me.  Best, Jeff 
 We're a client, so I'm assuming internally we have access codes for folks to use.  I'm trying to get one.  Worry not; I'll track it down.  Thanks very much for the info.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi and good morning.  Could you please book me a ticket for Portland.  Need to arrive in Portland on this coming Monday morning by 8-8:30 AM, and return to SF at around 4:30-5:00 PM on Tuesday.  Thanks very much.  Also, could you book me a hotel room at the 5th Avenue place (or whatever it's called). Muchos gracias. 
 FYI.  In case folks hadn't heard.  "Likewise, the state is paying $25,000 through June to a Washington, D.C., firm headed by former Sen. J. Bennett Johnston. He served as chairman of the Senate's energy committee and will advise California on dealing with federal energy regulators. "  Best, Jeff 
 I'm here.  If you'd like to de-brief on my marathon with Kasler, just give a holler.  Best, Jeff 
 Seems to me that that's exactly what the letter is saying and represents the commitment that we've made to our customers since raising the issue of re-sourcing, i.e., they'll pay the cost embedded in the contract, period. No more and less. I've assumed that the exposure associated with the utility-sourced electricity is substantially lower than the exposure associated with the customers remaining DA customers.  Can you verify Mike Smith?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 03/20/2001 11:18 AM 
 How quaint.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/20/2001 12:17 PM 
 Thanks very much.  It needs to go to Bev.  I don't have her email address, though.  Can you send it to her?  Also copy Scott, Hedy and Sandi.  Thanks. Jeff 
 -----   Calif GOP Lawmakers Ask PUC President To Resign   Updated: Tuesday, March 20, 2001 02:14 PM?ET  ? ?     LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--California Assembly Republicans have called for the resignation of Loretta Lynch, president of the state's Public Utilities Commission, saying they have no confidence that the state's top regulator will "play a constructive role in solving the state's energy crisis." Assembly Republican Minority Leader Bill Campbell, R-Villa Park, sent a letter Tuesday to Gov. Gray Davis on behalf of the Assembly's Republican Caucus asking Davis to call for Lynch's resignation.   ? "With efforts to solve California's energy crisis floundering in the midst of unpaid bills, stalled negotiations and rolling blackouts, it has come time to ask for the resignation of your appointed president of the California Public Utilities Commission, Loretta Lynch," the letter said. Both Lynch and a spokesman for Davis were unavailable for comment. Lynch, a former attorney, was appointed president of the PUC by Davis in March 2000. She is the state's top regulator, in charge of regulating utilities, telecommunications, commercial transportation and water companies. Before her appointment to the PUC, Lynch was head of Davis's office of Planning and Research. The letter says the PUC had a number of opportunities last summer to keep the electricity crisis from spiraling out of control by allowing Edison International (EIX, news, msgs) unit Southern California Edison, PG&E Corp. (PCG, news, msgs) unit Pacific Gas & Electric and Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs) unit San Diego Gas & Electric to sign long-term power supply contracts for about $50 a megawatt-hour, nearly $30 lower than the new long-term contracts Davis said the state entered into recently with generators. Lynch's failure to "ensure that the commission's Aug. 3, 2000, emergency order on long-term contracts was quickly implemented has placed the state budget at risk for costs now at least 40% higher," the letter said. "This hesitancy in a crisis will cost California's economy tens of billions of dollars during the next 20 years." The state has spent more than $3 billion since January buying power in the spot market. Davis has asked lawmakers for another $500 million from the general fund to continue buying power. If the $500 million is granted, the state's commitment to power purchases will surpass $4 billion. State Sen. Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, however, said last week that the Senate Budget Committee will deny further requests for funding unless the PUC carves out a revenue stream for the state's Department of Water Resources, the agency that is now buying the bulk of the state's power on behalf of the cash-strapped utilities. The PUC was expected to release guidelines last week on rates the DWR can receive from utilities to pay back the general fund and to issue revenue bonds to pay for long-term contracts. But the guidelines haven't yet been released. Last year, the PUC said the utilities could enter into limited long-term supply contracts to hedge their positions against price spikes. But the commission also said it feared if the utilities signed long-term deals with generators, liquidity in the wholesale market would be reduced. The Republican lawmakers said the commission is responsible for nearly forcing the utilities into bankruptcy. "We have no confidence that Loretta Lynch will play a constructive role in solving the energy crisis in the weeks and months ahead," the letter said. "With Wall Street nervous about repayment of the $10 billion in revenue bonds needed to cover the state's energy purchases, the CPUC has been unable to perform an adequate assessment of the investor-owned utilities' financial situation." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 
 Call Hedy at 916.448.8240. Best, Jeff 
 Thursday and Friday at 10:30 AM.  Best, Jeff    Ginger Dernehl 03/20/2001 03:01 PM 
 Greetings Mr. Newlywed and Ms Bride-to-be!  (Shewt, I'm gettin' all choked up.)  I think I'll need to protest TURN's proposal.  You folks aware of this?  Care?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi, how's things?  Did we decide that you and Ted and Kim would be a team in the finance class?  Signed, No Memory 
 Yes.  Dan may we get copy of both Stormin' Norman's initial and TURN's response.  Thanks alot.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 03/20/2001 03:42 PM 
 Thank you very much.    "Daniel Douglass" <Douglass@ArterHadden.com> 03/20/2001 04:30 PM 
 Thanks (as usual). Best, Jeff    Eric Letke@EES 03/20/2001 04:31 PM 
 Good deal.  If there's anything else, just give a holler.  Best, Jeff    Eric Letke@EES 03/20/2001 04:31 PM 
 That's a very funny note. 
 I think we ought to "share it" with folks.  Bill Gang, do you have any objections?  Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 03/20/2001 04:52 PM 
 - Hertzberg final.doc  Here it is darlin'.  It's an attachment to the main text of the document. If you have any questions, or need anything else.  Don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi David: Could you give me a call to discuss the project when you get a minute.  I'm starting to move it along.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 I saw a picture today, and now i know who you remind me of!  Sue Landwehr: talks like marge, looks like elle mcpherson. 
 Hey babe.  I called you last nite re: ROI model, but only got the answering machine.  Forward along to me and I'll take a peek and get back to you. How's the face doing?  When do you leave on travel?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 03/20/2001 05:12 PM 
 Your honor, could the witness please explain the source of his information. Couldn't be the Ford Excursion marketing department, could it?    Jeffery Fawcett 09/26/2000 10:13 AM 
 Thanks.  Let me try to rally the troops.  Get them to submit something and then maybe you and I can simply sign on.  Your humble servant, Jeff    Jeffery Fawcett/ENRON@enronxgate 03/20/2001 05:13 PM 
 Will do.  Thanks very much to you both.  Best, Jeff    Joan Stransky 03/20/2001 05:18 PM 
   Calif GOP Lawmakers Ask PUC President To Resign   Updated: Tuesday, March 20, 2001 02:14 PM?ET  ? ?     LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--California Assembly Republicans have called for the resignation of Loretta Lynch, president of the state's Public Utilities Commission, saying they have no confidence that the state's top regulator will "play a constructive role in solving the state's energy crisis." Assembly Republican Minority Leader Bill Campbell, R-Villa Park, sent a letter Tuesday to Gov. Gray Davis on behalf of the Assembly's Republican Caucus asking Davis to call for Lynch's resignation.   ? "With efforts to solve California's energy crisis floundering in the midst of unpaid bills, stalled negotiations and rolling blackouts, it has come time to ask for the resignation of your appointed president of the California Public Utilities Commission, Loretta Lynch," the letter said. Both Lynch and a spokesman for Davis were unavailable for comment. Lynch, a former attorney, was appointed president of the PUC by Davis in March 2000. She is the state's top regulator, in charge of regulating utilities, telecommunications, commercial transportation and water companies. Before her appointment to the PUC, Lynch was head of Davis's office of Planning and Research. The letter says the PUC had a number of opportunities last summer to keep the electricity crisis from spiraling out of control by allowing Edison International (EIX, news, msgs) unit Southern California Edison, PG&E Corp. (PCG, news, msgs) unit Pacific Gas & Electric and Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs) unit San Diego Gas & Electric to sign long-term power supply contracts for about $50 a megawatt-hour, nearly $30 lower than the new long-term contracts Davis said the state entered into recently with generators. Lynch's failure to "ensure that the commission's Aug. 3, 2000, emergency order on long-term contracts was quickly implemented has placed the state budget at risk for costs now at least 40% higher," the letter said. "This hesitancy in a crisis will cost California's economy tens of billions of dollars during the next 20 years." The state has spent more than $3 billion since January buying power in the spot market. Davis has asked lawmakers for another $500 million from the general fund to continue buying power. If the $500 million is granted, the state's commitment to power purchases will surpass $4 billion. State Sen. Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, however, said last week that the Senate Budget Committee will deny further requests for funding unless the PUC carves out a revenue stream for the state's Department of Water Resources, the agency that is now buying the bulk of the state's power on behalf of the cash-strapped utilities. The PUC was expected to release guidelines last week on rates the DWR can receive from utilities to pay back the general fund and to issue revenue bonds to pay for long-term contracts. But the guidelines haven't yet been released. Last year, the PUC said the utilities could enter into limited long-term supply contracts to hedge their positions against price spikes. But the commission also said it feared if the utilities signed long-term deals with generators, liquidity in the wholesale market would be reduced. The Republican lawmakers said the commission is responsible for nearly forcing the utilities into bankruptcy. "We have no confidence that Loretta Lynch will play a constructive role in solving the energy crisis in the weeks and months ahead," the letter said. "With Wall Street nervous about repayment of the $10 billion in revenue bonds needed to cover the state's energy purchases, the CPUC has been unable to perform an adequate assessment of the investor-owned utilities' financial situation." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 
 Professor Tasker:  I have the distinct (and sinking) feeling that you may not be getting emails that I've sent to you, since over the last 3 weeks I've sent a few and haven't heard back.  Is the haas account the correct address?  Best, Jeff    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 03/20/2001 06:13 PM 
 the voices of dissent have started.... 
 Did she respond back?  Did you respond to the Haas address?  (Man, now I'm REALLY getting paranoid.)    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 03/20/2001 03:21 PM 
 you get the message class was cancelled last nite before heading over to berkeley? 
 FYI.  As part of the computer deal Enron bought me for home, I get these=20 ads.  If there's anything you want (I think the prices are supposed to be= =20 good) let me know.  If it looks like complete crap, please let me know that= ,=20 too. 
 Greetings: How's things?  Did we decide that you and Ted and Kim would be a team in the finance class?  Signed, Memory destroyed 
 Wow.  Very gorgeous, indeed. 
 FYI.  Looks like Peace is rattling the CPUC's cage pretty well.  Let me kno= w=20 if you'd like to respond and we can get Jeanne Bennet to throw something=20 together. 
 FYI. 
 Some more info on the issue from Jeanne. 
 I'm in the same boat.  Somewhat messy.  Might be useful for everyone to tak= e=20 a look and we can discuss tomorrow morning and determine if we want to file= =20 and what we'd say.  Best, Jeff 
 We're getting a lot of inquiries about Enron's role in California's de-reg history, with a lot of misinformation arising out of Peace's handywork.  I spent about 3 hours on Friday with a Sac Bee reporter (Dale Kasler).  He'll be interviewing Skilling on the same topic in a week or so, and he'd like to talk to Steve, too.  Sue spent time with a NYT reporter discussing the same. Some common themes are arising in the questions.  Thought it would be a good idea to spend 30 minutes discussing those themes and developing our messages to ensure consistency.  If folks think it would be useful, is there a time this week that we could squeeze in 30 minutes?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Saw your QF story.  You were right.  One never know what the "story du jour" will be.  You still interested in talking to Steve Kean?  If you are, when do you talk to Skilling, and would you want to schedule something around that, or sooner?  Best, Jeff 
 I'll talk to Steve and get back to you.  That work?    Dale Kasler <DKasler@sacbee.com> 03/20/2001 08:05 PM 
 Scott:  Could you forward a copy to me and Bill? Thanks.  Best, Jeff    William Gang@EES 03/20/2001 05:34 PM 
 If you would like me to attend and think that it would be useful, just let me know.  And thanks very much for the tip on the WSJ story.    Enron Energy Services 
 Noise pollution.  The #1 killer in America....    Jeffery Fawcett 09/26/2000 10:39 AM 
 FYI:  The City of Long Beach has now joined in the law suits.  They've sued SoCalGas and El Paso claiming (like the others who've sued) that the two conspired to "kill competition" and drive up prices.  I think that we can expect that topic to get some airtime, since the TURN's, Harvey's, UCAN's etc. of the world will likely be steering all the Democrats.  I'll throw some questions together; but won't be till the end of the day.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/20/2001 06:23 PM 
 Utilities' Demand Blocks Bailout NEGOTIATIONS HIT SNAG: PG&E, Edison want end to price freeze if they sell transmission lines to state David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer Wednesday, March 21, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/21/M N114450.DTL California's near-bankrupt utilities are demanding that higher electric rates be a part of any deal to sell the state their power lines, The Chronicle has learned. A rate increase -- perhaps of more than 50 percent, according to earlier industry estimates -- would certainly draw a firestorm of protest from consumer groups and force Gov. Gray Davis to backtrack from earlier pledges that rates would remain unchanged. Nevertheless, sources close to negotiations on the deal said Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison are attempting to make higher rates a condition for agreeing to a bailout scheme in which they would sell the state their transmission systems and some land. The sources said the talks hit a new snag this week when state officials realized that fine print sought by the companies could require the Public Utilities Commission to pass along all of the utilities' costs to ratepayers. The sources said this would end a rate freeze that shields consumers from runaway wholesale electricity prices. The inclusion of potential rate increases in the talks reflects the growing complexity of a deal originally intended by Davis to stabilize the finances of PG&E and Edison so banks would resume loans to the cash-strapped utilities. The negotiations subsequently have expanded to involve a state purchase of the utilities' transmission networks and acquisition of utility-owned land, including spectacular coastal property near PG&E's Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant. Now they also have embraced further deregulation of California's dysfunctional electricity market. "Clearly, one of the terms being discussed is the regulatory environment," said Joseph Fichera, head of Saber Partners, a New York investment bank that is advising Davis in the talks. "The past situation has not worked well," he added. "The utilities want some certainty about their future." TENTATIVE DEAL WITH EDISON To date, the governor has announced a tentative agreement with Edison for the state to buy the utility's power lines for almost $3 billion. Discussions with PG&E for a similar accord have dragged on for weeks. An Edison official, asking that his name be withheld, acknowledged yesterday that an end to the rate freeze is an expected result of the power- line sale. "Once the details of the pact are complete, dominoes will fall," the official said. "One of the dominoes is the rate freeze." A PG&E spokesman declined to comment. In fact, both Edison and PG&E have been aggressively seeking an end to the rate freeze for months. The two utilities have a lawsuit pending in federal court demanding that the PUC immediately raise rates so the utilities can recover almost $13 billion in debt accrued as a result of the freeze. "They have been trying a lot of things to get the rate freeze ended in various forms," said Carl Wood, who sits on the PUC. "Adding it to the present talks is consistent with past behavior." Wall Street has taken note that the negotiations no longer appear to be making progress. Paul Patterson, an energy industry analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston, told clients on Monday that the discussions "may have lost some momentum in recent days." He did not give a reason. For his part, the governor sounded unusually cautious about the course of the talks when asked late last week if a breakthrough was imminent. SECRET STICKING POINTS "We are going to take the transmission systems and the land that's deeded, and we will work out an agreement," Davis said at an appearance in San Jose. "But there are a number of sticking points in the talks with PG&E that I'm not going to reveal." One of those sticking points apparently is an insistence that the sale of utility assets include a long-sought lifting of the rate freeze. Sources said lawyers from both PG&E and Edison had inserted the related terms into draft accords affecting each utility, and that the full impact of the additions was not realized by state officials until this week. One source said the language was just convoluted enough to slip beneath the radar screen of state negotiators. But the upshot, once the words had been parsed, was that the PUC effectively would lose control over power rates. CREDITWORTHINESS ON THE TABLE In Edison's case, the terms of the tentative deal include the governor asking the PUC "to support the creditworthiness" of the utility. "This would ensure that future investments in both utility distribution and utility generation plants are provided fair returns of and on capital, consistent with current authorized returns and capital structure provisions," it says. Sources said the provision could be interpreted as a guarantee from the state that Edison would be permitted to recoup all outstanding costs from ratepayers. "There may be some assumptions about this language that the rate freeze ends if it is adopted," the Edison official said, adding that he saw no reason to disagree with such assumptions. But Fichera, Davis' adviser in the talks, insisted that nothing is set in stone, and that the negotiations are proceeding without a hitch. "This is a very complex transaction," he said. "God and the devil are in the details." E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 Check out the poll at this URL regarding how folks feel about rate increases.  Best, Jeff  http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/21/M N114450.DTL 
 PUC considers rewarding producers that sign long-term contracts Greg Lucas, Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Wednesday, March 21, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/21/M N33580.DTL Sacramento -- Some cash-strapped producers of wind, solar and other alternative forms of energy will get long-delayed financial relief under a proposed order by state regulators, Gov. Gray Davis said yesterday evening. A proposed order by the Public Utilities Commission is designed to reward energy producers who sign long-term contracts with utilities at lower rates. Alternative energy producers that voluntarily enter such contracts, which would start on April 1, would be paid within 15 days, said Davis, who requested the order. Those that do not would have to wait until the utilities that buy their power return to solvency. Davis blasted Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison for not paying the alternative generators -- know as qualified facilities, or "QFs" -- even though the companies have been collecting money through rates. "It is wrong and irresponsible of the utilities to pocket and withhold the money designed to compensate the QFs," Davis said. "It's immoral and has to stop." Alternative producers -- ranging from massive co-generation facilities at oil refineries to tiny biomass plants -- produce about a third of the state's supply of electricity. But many are shutting down because utilities have not paid them since November. The loss of some 3,000 megawatts from tapped-out alternative energy producers contributed to the blackouts that snarled California yesterday and Monday, according to the Independent System Operator, which manages the state's power grid. The PUC's proposed order -- which will be considered at the board's Tuesday meeting -- offers the generators a choice of agreeing to a five-year contract at $79 per megawatt or a 10-year deal at $69 per megawatt, Davis said. The order does not address the more than $1 billion already owed to the more than 600 alternative energy producers around the state. Davis said to favor one creditor over another in past debt could bring on bankruptcy proceedings from other creditors. The Legislature would also need to act to make the order work. "It is critical to keep these facilities up and online," said Sen. Debra Bowen, D-Marina del Ray, who estimates that Edison has $1.5 billion in cash on hand, and PG&E $2.5 billion. "The utilities owe it to the people of the state to pay them." Edison said yesterday that it opposed any attempt to place alternative producers ahead of their other creditors. But Tom Higgins, a senior vice president for Edison International, which owes alternative producers some $835 million, said his company was talking to the governor's office about possible payment structures. Alternative energy producers, particularly those that use high-priced natural gas to fire their generators, say that without an immediate infusion of cash they must close their plants. "We've been obsessed with the health of the utilities and (have) forgotten the health of everyone else," said V. John White, legislative director of the Clean Power Campaign, which lobbies for alternative energy producers. CalEnergy Operating Corp., which operates eight geothermal plants in the Imperial Valley producing 268 megawatt hours for Edison has sued the utility asking to be paid and to be temporarily released from their contract with Edison which has paid them nothing since November. CalEnergy has a court hearing tomorrow on its Edison contract. Edison owes the company $75 million, and the debt increases by $1 million a day. "We've lived up to our end of the bargain but Edison hasn't. We're now not in a position to make a property tax payment on April 10 and we're the largest employer in the county," said Vince Signorotti, CalEnergy's property manager. Unlike Edison, PG&E is paying its creditors 15 cents on the dollar. "We have offered over the past five days to prepay for future power not yet delivered to keep as many of them operating as possible, but the state needs to decide how its going to divvy up the limited money under the frozen rates," said John Nelson, a PG&E spokesman. The PUC's sudden attempt to recast the rates paid to alternative generators comes after several months of inaction, partly a result of waiting for legislative negotiations on the issue to conclude. Those negotiations eventually failed to move forward. E-mail Greg Lucas at glucas@sfchronicle.com and Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 10 
 California governor blames utilities for blackouts   By JENNIFER COLEMAN, Associated Press SACRAMENTO, Calif. (March 21, 2001 8:10 a.m. EST http://www.nandotimes.com) - Gov. Gray Davis said the state's two largest utilities are partly to blame for this week's widespread blackouts because they failed to pay millions of dollars owed to environmentally friendly power generators. Davis said the utilities took money from customers while failing to pay the alternative plants, which use renewable forms of energy like steam and natural gas to generate electricity. The state has been spending about $45 million a day since January to buy power for customers of Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Co., which are so credit-poor that suppliers refuse to sell to them. "It's wrong and irresponsible of the utilities to pocket this money and not pay the generators," the governor said at a Capitol news conference Tuesday. "They've acted irresponsibly and immorally and it has to stop." The state lost about 3,100 megawatts, or enough electricity to power 3.1 million homes, on Tuesday from alternative energy plants that say they can't afford to keep operating because the utilities haven't paid their bills in weeks. Davis said the PUC planned to issue an order next week directing the utilities to pre-pay future bills to the alternative plants. PG&E called Gray's statements "inappropriate and unjustified," adding that it was negotiating a payment plan with the suppliers. Edison said it is intent on paying creditors and working with the Public Utilities Commission to pay the plants for future power sales. Edison and PG&E say they have lost more than $13 billion since last June to climbing wholesale electricity prices, which the state's 1996 deregulation law prevents them from passing on to ratepayers. Keepers of the state's power grid were cautiously optimistic that California might get through Wednesday without another day of rolling blackouts after two idle plants were returned to service. "Never say never - but it appears we are going to be in better shape tomorrow (Wednesday) and for the rest of the week," said Patrick Dorinson, a spokesman for the California Independent System Operator, which oversees most of the state's power grid. About a half-million customers were hit by Tuesday's blackouts, which snarled traffic and plunged schools and businesses into darkness from San Diego to the Oregon border. On Tuesday, Assembly Republican leader Bill Campbell called on PUC President Loretty Lunch to resign. Lynch was appointed by Davis. Lynch couldn't be reached for comment, but a spokesman for the governor dismissed Campbell's complaints. Meanwhile, a leading lawmaker on energy issues said the PUC may soon have to raise rates by about 15 percent to cover the state's costs and its utilities' bills. "My sense is that people will appreciate having some certainty and being able to plan for it," said Assemblyman Fred Keeley. "They don't have to like it, but I think they'll appreciate it." Davis has said he is confident the utilities and the state can pay their bills without further rate increases. In the meantime, the ISO is counting on conservation to avoid more rolling blackouts. Dorinson estimated that conservation accounted for about 900 megawatts in savings during Tuesday's peak usage. "That probably was the difference today in helping us avoid any rolling blackouts late into the evening," Dorinson said. Tuesday's outages began at 9:30 a.m. and continued in 90-minute waves until about 2 p.m., when the ISO lifted its blackout order. They were blamed for at least one serious traffic accident. The blackouts were caused by a combination of problems, including unseasonably warm weather, reduced electricity imports from the Pacific Northwest, numerous power plants being shut down for repairs and the loss of power from alternative generators. 
 Mike:  Here are my comments.  Apologies for the fact that they are quick and dirty.  All Enron's public statements that I have read, including, I think, statements made to financial analysts, state that our exposure in California is not "material."  Dennis' declaration says that the situation in California has been a "financial disaster," that "Enron has lost over $300 million," and that "Enron stands to lose millions more."  The losses are described as "huge."  Perhaps this is information that has since been communicated to the market, but I'm not aware of it.  And if it hasn't, it could represent a significant conflict with previous statements.  Seems prudent to run this by IR and perhaps others before releasing. Regarding the statements about our hedging strategy.  It would seem prudent to run this through the organization for comment and discussion prior to making public. Very minor technical point--I don't think that AB 1890 was passed "unanimously."  I think that there was 1 nay vote. The statement is made that "the utilities were required to sell off most of their generating capacity."  The utilities were only required to sell off 1/2 of their fossil-fired plants (which I think at the time may have amounted to about .2-.25 of their total gen assets).  They chose voluntarily to sell of the remainder of their fossil-fired plants. It is stated that stranded costs are "investments in imprudent power generation facilities."  These investments were in fact found in the past to be prudent by the PUC.  Would therefore not seem accurate to call them imprudent now. Is it now "virtually impossible to manage commodity risk" in California? Just wondering if judge might view the statement as overstating the situation somewhat. From a PR perspective, I'm wondering if we want to characterize re-sourcing UC/CSU in the following manner, "It was actually a relatively easy decision to make."  Makes Enron sound perhaps excessively hard-nosed.   Best, Jeff 
 I have but one life to give for my industry....  Please see my comments on Dennis' declaration---got some serious concerns. Can you give me a ring when you get a minute 415.782.7822?  Thanks.  Jeff    Mike D Smith@EES 03/21/2001 10:32 AM 
 I'm available.  I have another call at 10 AM PST.  Jeff    Jan M King@ECT 03/21/2001 10:21 AM 
 That TOTALLY works for me.  Just wanted to give you an out in case you found funner people.  Great, it's set.  We're a team. 
 when are comments due? 
 I think that it's a good idea.  The only red flag is the perception of marketers being in the same room together.  However, from my perspective, though it's a significant concern, it's one that can be addressed.  I would suggest running the notion by Sanders and Yoder to get their take.  Best, Jeff 
 chapter five but i can't remember the name of the case "home manufacturers"?, or some such thing.  Have you checked the web site for the questions? 
 Hi Professor:  Could you let me know if you receive this?  I've been sending you emails lately and, having gotten no response, am concerned about whether there's some sort of problem on my end, your end, or both.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Class on Thursday.  Something that we can talk about in Mexico? 
 I'm here. 
   Calif GOP Lawmakers Ask PUC President To Resign   Updated: Tuesday, March 20, 2001 02:14 PM?ET  ? ?     LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--California Assembly Republicans have called for the resignation of Loretta Lynch, president of the state's Public Utilities Commission, saying they have no confidence that the state's top regulator will "play a constructive role in solving the state's energy crisis." Assembly Republican Minority Leader Bill Campbell, R-Villa Park, sent a letter Tuesday to Gov. Gray Davis on behalf of the Assembly's Republican Caucus asking Davis to call for Lynch's resignation.   ? "With efforts to solve California's energy crisis floundering in the midst of unpaid bills, stalled negotiations and rolling blackouts, it has come time to ask for the resignation of your appointed president of the California Public Utilities Commission, Loretta Lynch," the letter said. Both Lynch and a spokesman for Davis were unavailable for comment. Lynch, a former attorney, was appointed president of the PUC by Davis in March 2000. She is the state's top regulator, in charge of regulating utilities, telecommunications, commercial transportation and water companies. Before her appointment to the PUC, Lynch was head of Davis's office of Planning and Research. The letter says the PUC had a number of opportunities last summer to keep the electricity crisis from spiraling out of control by allowing Edison International (EIX, news, msgs) unit Southern California Edison, PG&E Corp. (PCG, news, msgs) unit Pacific Gas & Electric and Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs) unit San Diego Gas & Electric to sign long-term power supply contracts for about $50 a megawatt-hour, nearly $30 lower than the new long-term contracts Davis said the state entered into recently with generators. Lynch's failure to "ensure that the commission's Aug. 3, 2000, emergency order on long-term contracts was quickly implemented has placed the state budget at risk for costs now at least 40% higher," the letter said. "This hesitancy in a crisis will cost California's economy tens of billions of dollars during the next 20 years." The state has spent more than $3 billion since January buying power in the spot market. Davis has asked lawmakers for another $500 million from the general fund to continue buying power. If the $500 million is granted, the state's commitment to power purchases will surpass $4 billion. State Sen. Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, however, said last week that the Senate Budget Committee will deny further requests for funding unless the PUC carves out a revenue stream for the state's Department of Water Resources, the agency that is now buying the bulk of the state's power on behalf of the cash-strapped utilities. The PUC was expected to release guidelines last week on rates the DWR can receive from utilities to pay back the general fund and to issue revenue bonds to pay for long-term contracts. But the guidelines haven't yet been released. Last year, the PUC said the utilities could enter into limited long-term supply contracts to hedge their positions against price spikes. But the commission also said it feared if the utilities signed long-term deals with generators, liquidity in the wholesale market would be reduced. The Republican lawmakers said the commission is responsible for nearly forcing the utilities into bankruptcy. "We have no confidence that Loretta Lynch will play a constructive role in solving the energy crisis in the weeks and months ahead," the letter said. "With Wall Street nervous about repayment of the $10 billion in revenue bonds needed to cover the state's energy purchases, the CPUC has been unable to perform an adequate assessment of the investor-owned utilities' financial situation." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 
 Yes, we'll be talking about ROI, too.  I'll let Karen know.  Figure that she'll likely bring a couple of people.  Mind if I ask Trish and John?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 03/21/2001 12:57 PM 
 I agree with Pat's suggestions.  Thanks very much for the great work, Jeanne, particularly given the short notice.  Best, Jeff    "Pat Boylston" <pgboylston@stoel.com> 03/21/2001 02:04 PM 
 THAT'S a good one.  Have I told you how much I miss Norm? 
 Thanks so much for responding.  This is very strange.  I have no idea what'= s=20 gone wrong.  I'm attaching the emails that I sent.  Please let me know if y= ou=20 receive this.  And no need to apologize; appears to be a technical glitch= =20 somewhere. =20  The most important note (and my reason for concern when I didn't hear back)= ,=20 was the one explaining that I had to miss the second quiz due to biz travel= =20 and offering alternatives for your consideration.  Finally, are you=20 comfortable with our proposed project?  Best, Jeff  Sent on 3.19.2001  Greetings:  Sent you a project proposal last Thursday on behalf of Dasovich, Guinney,= =20 Sama and Vavrek and just wanted to make sure that you received it.  Could y= ou=20 let me know?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff  Sent on 3.16.2001  Greetings Professor:  Our group consists of Jeff Dasovich, Mark Guinney, Anil Sama and Carolyn=20 Vavrek.  We propose to examine the recently failed acquisition by Coke of Quaker=20 Oats:  Why merge?  What was the value?  Upside?  Downside?  Why did it go= =20 bust?  Should it have gone through?  What's up with this Buffet guy, anyway= ? =20  If you have any concerns with this proposal, please let us know. =20  Finally, if possible, we'd like to present on Thursday, April 26th.  Best, Jeff  Greetings.  Apologies for cluttering your email, but I've been having email= =20 problems and wanted to ensure that you received the original note.  Best, Jeff 
 yes, that's the assignment.  i don't have the questions with me to fax (or the case).  questions might be on the website?    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 03/21/2001 03:37 PM 
 FYI.  Just got a call from someone inside McKenzie & Co..  Seems the good Governor has figured out that the gas industry is a problem and want to talk to me about it.  I'm scheduled to talk to them by phone Friday at 1:30.  I called Kari Dohn to try to find out more.  She told me that they've figured out that the gas industry is a mess, that "McKenzie gets it," and she asked to tell it like it is.  Seems useful to get our view across to them.  The name of the person from McKenzie that will be on the call with the Davis folks on Friday is Daniel Poller.  Thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  We've been given permission to distribute, but no "on behalf of" the Air Force.  Best, Jeff 
 See highlighted portion.  We should throw this back at Davis next time he points the finger. *****************************************************************  The controller's criticism of fellow Democrat Davis won support from > Assembly Republicans and Secretary of State Bill Jones, a Republican > considering challenging Davis next year. > > Jones said he wants to announce his own plan to solve the > state's energy woes, but can't unless Davis releases more financial > details. He said his plan may involve giving the utilities low-interest > loans with their transmission lines held as collateral. > > Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio dismissed the criticism. > > "Political grandstanding doesn't generate one more kilowatt of energy for > California in this time of emergency," he said. > > Maviglio said the administration has released the financial > information it can without jeopardizing negotiations for long-term power > contracts with wholesalers. > > -- Associated Press > > > 
 it's in the driveway.  the big stack of planks that were stained and then stacked back in the driveway.  in addition, there's the other wood (stacked with the planks) for the stairs, etc. 
 They must have realized that Loretta could use some PR help... 
 Hi Laura:  Is it possible to get a copy of the report?  Thanks. Best, Jeff 
 No.  Yes for PG&E, no for SoCalGas.    Tom Briggs 03/21/2001 07:28 PM 
 Agreed.  I think that we can expect a strategy focused on saying, "we don't owe you anything, you've illegally hiked prices." 
 eeks.  i'm sorry.  what does this mean?  i don't quite understand the code.  jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 03/22/2001 12:15 PM 
 Greetings: Unfortunately, I'll be in Mexico getting the Mexican version of hoof and mouth.  Bummer.  Of course, the highlight of the semester for me was seeing Ms Deepika at Squaw last weekend.  We should commit to a ski trip next year.  Best, Jeff    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 03/20/2001 07:18 PM 
 Will do.  Do you know yet who will be on the call from your end?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    <Michele_Yoskovich@mckinsey.com> 03/22/2001 02:05 PM 
 Hey, Neville.  FYI.  Best, Mike Kahn's best buddy 
 very helpful.  thank you.    Margaret Carson 09/26/2000 01:12 PM 
 Steve/Lisa:  Environmental issues and the permitting will be the biggest (and could be very big) obstacles---particularly given the Santa Barbara location (e.g., Channel Islands, etc.).  Might be a good idea to have GA look into that side of things.  If we feel that can be overcome, then the next big deal will be getting transportation agreements with SoCalGas.  Finally, the issue you raised Steve---will Davis want to be the counterparty?---will loom somewhat large.  Overall sounds like an exciting idea/opportunity.  Best, Jeff 
 That answers it.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff    <Michele_Yoskovich@mckinsey.com> 03/22/2001 04:02 PM 
 Court Gives Green Light to Green Generator To Suspend Edison Contract, Sell Electricity Elsewhere  Business Wire 03/22/01, 4:43p (Copyright , 2001, Business Wire)  EL CENTRO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 22, 2001--A California court ruled today that a geothermal energy supplier in the Imperial Valley can temporarily sell its electricity on the open market despite its long-term contracts with Southern California Edison, because Edison has breached the contract by failing to pay for any output since Nov. 1.  Cal Energy Operating Corp. operates a complex of geothermal plants near the Salton Sea. The plants filed suit Feb. 20 in Imperial County Superior Court seeking back payment from Edison and authorization to suspend their contracts with Edison and sell power elsewhere in California during such time Edison is unable to pay for power demand.  David L. Sokol, chairman of Cal Energy, said, "We applaud this short-term solution that will provide us with a revenue lifeline and keep our clean, renewable power flowing to Californians. It is unfortunate that it took court action to provide us some relief from an intolerable situation."  Sokol noted that the ruling did nothing to assure that the plants collect approximately $140 million Edison owes them for power they have produced since Nov 1. The geothermal plants will continue to pursue legal and legislative remedies to receive back payment, he said. "That debt will continue to place a great strain on our operation."  He added that Edison has continued to collect tens of millions daily from ratepayers and has amassed approximately $2 billion in cash.  On the open market, the geothermal plants will be able to receive on the spot market higher prices than renewable generators agreed to accept in negotiations with the state, Edison and PG&E. That lower price had been incorporated in Senate Bill 47X, which stalled in the state legislature after Edison withdrew its support, and has effectively been incorporated in the California Public Utility Commission's proposed order. California taxpayers will pay the difference, because the state is buying electricity on the open market on behalf of Edison and PG&E.  "It is unfortunate that taxpayers will now be paying more for our electricity," Sokol said. "That is the result of inaction by the state and bad faith by Edison. We negotiated with the full blessing and knowledge of the governor and the legislature to arrive at long-term pricing that would assure reliable supply and save taxpayers billions. This pricing for our clean, renewable energy was less than the state is paying out-of-state fossil-fuel energy providers in long-term contracts, and less than half what we are allowed under federal law."  Sokol added that he was encouraged by the governor's March 20 announcement proposing legislation and action by the California Public Utility Commission that would require Edison and PG&E to begin paying current bills for electricity received from qualifying facilities such as CalEnergy.  But, Sokol cautioned, "While we are hopeful that this legislative and regulatory action can move forward quickly, there are many details to be worked out in the governor's proposal. Even with quick action, there is a serious question whether Edison is willing to pay any of its current bills from qualifying facilities."  He noted that, like today's court ruling, the governor's proposal provides no plan or schedule to require Edison to pay the approximately $140 million Edison owes for power CalEnergy has delivered to date.  CalEnergy's geothermal complex employs about 200 workers and produces a total of 268 megawatts -- enough to supply 268,000 homes.  Geothermal plants and other generation from renewable sources provide about 12 percent of California's electricity, enough for 5 million homes. Geothermal plants produce environmentally friendly electricity from wells that tap superheated water 5,000 to 10,000 feet underground. Magma rising in fissures in the earth's crust heats the water to 500-700 degrees Fahrenheit. The generating plants convert the water to "live" steam, the pressure of which turns turbines to produce electricity. The plants then return the slightly cooled water to the subterranean reservoir for reheating as a renewable resource.  CalEnergy is one of 10 members of the Renewable Energy Creditors Committee, a group of green power suppliers who formed the committee on Feb. 15 to explore options to collect back payments from Edison. Together, the group is owed more than $300 million by Edison.  Note to Editors: David Sokol will discuss today's ruling in a media teleconference at 2:30 p.m. PST today, March 22. Call 800/810-0924 and enter code 509085. Identify the CalEnergy conference. 
 Yes, it's technically true, but it doesn't seem relevant.  It's a technicality.  That is, if at the end of the contract, UC/CSU goes to another provider, the rules would require Enron to "de-DASR," after which the new provider would submit the new DASR to switch the customer over.  The utility stands in the middle of all this.  I don't think this equates to what UC/CSU is claiming the problem is.  Might be viewed as a bit "cute" by the judge.  Also, the legislation "fixing" the prohibition passed our of policy committee today in Sacramento and is moving through the Legislature.  Best, Jeff    "Kristen Bird" <kb@quinnemanuel.com> 03/22/2001 04:40 PM 
 This is yet another, tangible case of why price caps don't and can't help; they can and will only make matters worse.  Caps are a policy chainsaw when a scalpel is needed.  The result of the caps being imposed on QFs by Davis and the Legislature will be shut downs and bankruptcy, which will reduce supply and decrease reliability----the exact opposite of what the state needs to be doing.  FYI:  I listened in to Sokol's conference call yesterday re: court case freeing CalEnergy from the QF contract.  Sokol blasted Edison over and over (e.g., accumulated war chest of over $2 billion in cash).  Sokol said that, at least for the time being, this lessens the need for CalEnergy specifically to force an involuntary.  Be interesting to see if other QFs take similar tack.  Sokol also said that CalEnergy has sold the power to El Paso---lot's of press questions about price and where the power's headed (i.e., in our out of state).   He said he expects to get a "market price" from El Paso and that if the "prices are higher out of state, well......."  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/22/2001 10:16 AM 
 When you going to stop showering me with gifts? 
 This sort of summary info is incredibly useful.  Where's it coming from and can we get it daily?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/23/2001 07:49 AM 
 You and Eldon want to stay at my apartment on Sunday night? I thought we rented beach towels there.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/23/2001 09:42 AM 
 bringing coffee and stove top expresso maker.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/23/2001 10:11 AM 
 Attached is a first rough cut.  Work continues but wanted to distribute for feedback.  All is welcome and appreciated. 
 didn't he invent personality, too?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 03/23/2001 10:36 AM 
 Greetings Jean.  How might one listen in.  Are we having fun yet?  Best, Jeff 
 Lamentably, I'm out of the country next week.  Given the B.S. that continue= s=20 in Sacramento, I suspect that these legislators are likely to be extremely= =20 cranky at this event (assuming they're not forced to cancel due to the=20 continued inability to find an answer).  Under the circumstances, I would= =20 suggest that it's likely not the best forum for us.  Might be best to let t= he=20 legislators slow roast a bit.  If we feel compelled to participate, I sugge= st=20 Steve Kean.  Best, Jeff 
 We need to start a pool on this.  Steffes is already out, since by his forecast, a West-wide cap should have been in place about 12 months ago.  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/23/2001 10:46 AM 
 Great.  Hey, is there a call-in # for the press call?    Jean Munoz <jmunoz@mcnallytemple.com> 03/23/2001 10:47 AM 
 The call in number is 1-800-374-2393 ... pass code:  Independent Energy Producers 
 I spoke yesterday with President Lynch's gas advisor and the PUC staffer who first got in touch with us regarding inquiries from our customer regarding whether we were returning customers to the LDCs. I described our activities generally, and explained that the originial inquiry from our customer stemmed from a mix-up (on our part) that has since been cleared up. Both seemed satisfied, appreciated the call and the information and will get back to me regarding whether we'll need to submit a formal response to President Lynch's letter. (I said that our preference was not to respond formally, but would be happy to do so.) I asked them to contact me directly should they receive any other inquiries from our customers. Thanks to all for the help in responding. Please keep me in the loop on our marketing activities, etc. If I hear anything about customers calling the PUC, I'll let you know, and I'll let you know what I hear back from Lynch's office regarding whether we need to respond formally.  Best, Jeff 
 John:  Please keep this confidential, but as you can see, this is not at all what I'm looking for.  I need what we discussed yesterday.  Thanks, Jeff    Lynnette Barnes 03/23/2001 12:19 PM 
 dear arse: i can move it to the guest room closet for the weekend and plan to take it to mendocino soon as we return from mexico.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 03/23/2001 12:39 PM 
 To big to fit in the closet? 
 she needs to give the answer. 
 What time will the daily team leads call be and when's it gonna start? 
 ?????????????????    Paul Kaufman@ECT 03/23/2001 05:32 PM 
 Sorry, been away.  For what it's worth.  The footnote looks great.  Have a nice weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Gas hearings ever resume? 
 Michele: I apologize.  I was unavoidably detained, and missed the call.  I've just returned to my office.  I would be happy to reschedule at your team's convenience.  Please forward my apologies to your colleagues and tell them I'm very sorry an any inconvenience that I caused.  Best, Jeff    <Michele_Yoskovich@mckinsey.com> 03/22/2001 02:05 PM 
 I'm on vacation next week, but would be happy to get together first thing the following week to discuss.  Also, in response to a voicemail that I received, wanted to let folks know that the CPUC did not hold gas hearings today. The legislature is, however, holding hearings, taking a "comprehensive view" of the industry (i.e., focusing on specific allegations of pipeline capacity "price gouging").  They held their first hearing today, but it got cut short due to activities underway in the Legislature.  I believe that, prior to cutting the hearing short, the Legislature only made it through two panels of customers, who told stories of skyrocketing bills and associated hardship.  One panel participant (Anastacio Andrade of Sunrise Mushrooms, I believe) waived an EES bill and described how it tripled between November and December.  I have a feeling that the Legislature's actions may be prompting the PUC to appear that it's doing something.  I'll report more on the Legislative hearings as they occur.  Best, Jeff    Jeffery Fawcett/ENRON@enronxgate 03/23/2001 05:03 PM 
 Thanks.  You do the same.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 03/23/2001 06:14 PM 
 No, I think Paul intends to have the call.  Joseph, could you please set up a number for 8:30 am on monday for 30 minutes.  Paul wanted Hedy, Scott, Bev, Sandi, Paul and Sue to be on the call?  I won't be on the call.  Seems useful to have Mike Day, too.  Thank you.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 03/23/2001 06:22 PM 
 Hey Sweetie: So glad to hear that you're well.  Was wondering how you were weathering the tech melt down.  I'm good.  Trying to figure out how to plant 10 acres of grapes on my land in Mendocino (rather have 10 acres of grapes than a place in S.F., I've decided---what do you think?).  I was thinking of taking a pass on "sunner" school and just going all 6 semesters.  Am I stupid?  Summer vacation just sounds so good these days.  Leaving Monday for Mexico.  Back Sunday.  When you leaving?  Definitely miss seeing you.   Looking forward to catching up---hopefully soon.  You take care.  Best, Jeff    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 03/23/2001 06:08 PM 
 Thanks so much.  You in LA?  I'll be working very little while I'm away.  Wee bit of computer.  Couple of phone calls.  Lots of rest.  have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 03/23/2001 09:33 PM 
 Well, I'm on vacation in Mexico next week.  Howzabout we do research this week coming up and then try to meet the following week and discuss what we've pulled together?  Best, Jeff 
 Here's how you can contact me in Mexico.  Best, Jeff   El Moro Tower El Cid Resort & Hotel Mazatlan (Sinaloa) Mexico  From US-011-52-69-13-3333. 
 Please see the following important stories.  It appears to be quickly slipping through Davis' fingers.  May be useful to re-group a bit in light of the following events.  In sum:  Most importantly, in today's Chronicle, it's reported that Davis' staff met with key Democrats yesterday and lowered the boom. DWR purchases likely to be about $25 billion and rates may have to go up by 100%.  (See attached story.) Apparently, one of the big reasons that 8X got held up yesterday is because Davis' own staff went to D leadership and said, "don't move 8X (a bill that Davis was said to support) because the $10 billion cap on bonds won't work; they need much more." It appears that rate increases will now become part of the mix, whether Davis likes it or not. The staff alleged that they were conveying the information before Davis had been informed of the "bombshell." Davis was criticized for being at yet another fund-raiser yesterday while the situation significantly deteroriated in Sacramento.  (See attached story.) Meanwhile, PG&E has sued--or may be about to sue--the State, saying they won't pay the QFs according to Davis' plan (which the PUC is supposed to implement on Tuesday).  (See attached PG&E press release.) Finally, Mike Kahn has issued an opinion piece in yesterday's Chronicle, in which he attempts to lump together into one pile Republicans, market proponents, price gougers and Texans, and defending Davis and Lynch.  ****************************************************************************** *********************************************************************** Davis' Measured Plan To Fight the Darkness Michael Kahn Friday, March 23, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/23/E D103778.DTL COMMENTS on Gov. Gray Davis' energy programs by apologists for former Gov. Pete Wilson bring to mind Robert Kennedy's admonition that it is better to light a candle than curse the darkness. Let's examine the darkness created by Wilson's energy deregulation scheme. The 1996 law he signed could not have been more wrong headed. -- Why did it hand energy price control over to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission? -- Why did it free wholesale prices, while capping the price utilities could charge customers? -- Why did the former state Public Utilities Commission force utilities to sell off their fossil fuel power plants, leaving them vulnerable to predatory pricing by out-of-state merchant generators? -- Why did the Wilson-era PUC bar utilities from entering into contracts to ensure a long-term supply of cheap electricity? -- Most pointedly, why did California enter into deregulation without enough available generation to ensure a fair market based on balanced supply and demand? These are tough questions. It is not hard to understand why former proponents of the 1996 deregulation scheme would rather not answer them, preferring to bemoan the darkness and curse Davis' actions. The Wilson apologists jeer at plans for the state to purchase the power grid, though they surely know the value of a well-maintained, fully functioning electric transmission network. Bottlenecks in the grid impede the sharing of power between Northern and Southern California. This was a main reason Northern California experienced rolling blackouts in January while Southern California had plenty of power. The state's purchase of the grid will infuse new cash into the utilities, pulling them back from the brink of bankruptcy, while giving the state a tangible and valuable asset in exchange. And ownership of the grid will allow the state to modernize it, removing bottlenecks and upgrading technology - something the utilities have long failed at doing. The apologists ignore the state's strong record on energy conservation and Davis' actions to enhance these efforts. California now has the nation's second-best energy conservation record. The governor has budgeted $404 million in new conservation measures and added an executive order offering 20 percent rebates to those who reduce their consumption 20 percent over last year. These measures will reduce commercial lighting, encourage residential and industrial efficiency and make state and commercial buildings more energy efficient. The apologists disregard the fact that the governor has also reversed a trend that had seen power plant construction in California drop to insignificance in the '80s and '90s. Since April 1999, the California Energy Commission has licensed nine major new power plants. Six are under construction. This is part of a streamlined, fast-track plant licensing process that aims to put an additional 20,000 megawatts on line by the summer of 2004, a nearly 50 percent increase in generation. And the apologists refuse to recognize that California is building the right sort of power plants - efficient, clean and environmentally friendly, with a strong bent toward renewable power sources. In fact, while some would go Texas' route and build plants that meet only the bare minimum of environmental requirements, California is continuing the effort that has made it the nation's leader in the use of clean, renewable power sources. Instead, the apologists engage in name calling, such as the charge leveled by former Wilson communications director Dan Schnur on this page that Loretta Lynch, the Davis appointee as PUC chair, is inexperienced and has failed to deal effectively with the energy emergency. Forget for a moment that of the 22 people who have served as PUC commissioners since 1980, only six had any energy expertise before their appointments. Forget for a moment that one of the principal architects of deregulation was Daniel Fessler, the UC Davis contract law professor with no special expertise in energy issues whom Gov. Wilson appointed as PUC president. Just consider this: It was the PUC under Lynch that freed the utilities to buy electricity on cheaper, forward contracts outside the Power Exchange. This corrected a huge Wilson-era PUC blunder that put utilities in an energy price straitjacket. The Lynch-led PUC also prohibited utilities from selling additional power plants, and it began the successful effort to make California's ISO (the Independent System Operator that runs the state's power grid) independent of the industry-connected officials who controlled it. Meanwhile, what sort of grand solutions have the apologists presented? Drill for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska, build nuclear plants on closed military bases and encourage the construction of dirty Texas- style power plants in California. Drilling in the Arctic will not produce a watt of new power for California. Californians have long said they do not want the risks presented by new nuclear plants. And lax Texas pollution rules prompted the Dallas Morning News to charge in a Dec. 17 editorial that Texans are choking on the exhaust from power plants. Most disingenuously, the apologists would "let the market work," claiming that unfettered market forces will soon bring fair and balanced prices. But the market doesn't work now, as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has repeatedly admitted, most recently with its finding that generators overcharged the state in January. Unfortunately, for the most part the same commission had refused to clamp down on sky-high prices charged by generating companies. Look at New York's deregulated market, where there are no caps on retail electric prices. Market forces have done consumers there little good. New Yorkers pay the highest prices for electricity in the country. And the New York Times has reported that rates paid by consumers have increased a whopping 40 percent just since 1999. Those who would allow the market to work (let the darkness reign) know well that if the market "works" to produce New York-style rate increases in California, the consequences to the public would be dire. Compare this to Gov. Davis' well-structured plan for effective energy conservation and stabilization of the state's electricity market and his expedited program to bring clean, efficient new power plants on line quickly. Robert Kennedy would understand Gov. Davis' approach and his critics' perspective. Michael Kahn is a member of the state Independent System Operator's board of governors. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 25  Bombshell Warning on Power Cost Spending may double and rates skyrocket, governor's office tells Legislature Greg Lucas, Lynda Gledhill, Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday, March 24, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/24/M N176940.DTL Top Davis administration officials told lawmakers yesterday that the state may have to spend twice as much as expected on electricity purchases over the next two years - requiring rate increases of as much as 100 percent. The stunning admission by the Davis administration contradicts his repeated promises that his plan to ease California's energy woes could be done without a rate increase. California will probably need to issue $23 billion in bonds for electricity buys, more than double the amount Davis said would be needed by the state to keep electricity flowing until California's cash-poor utilities can get back on their feet. Administration officials told lawmakers to stop action on a bill that would have capped the state's energy purchases at $10 billion. But a Davis spokesman said the numbers were far from firm. "There are a lot of scenarios being run . . . and until we complete the negotiations, this can be added up any way you want," said Steve Maviglio, press secretary to Davis. "Those numbers are not based on any reality right now," he said. "There are too many things up in the air." Assembly Democrats told a different story. They said Tim Gage, director of Davis' Department of Finance, Cabinet Secretary Susan Kennedy and John Stevens, Davis' top energy aide, met with Assembly Democratic leaders and dropped the bombshell. And they did so just as those same leaders were trying to convince fellow lawmakers how important the bill was to the Davis administration. They also said that Davis, who was in the Palm Springs area for most of the day and briefly attended a fund-raiser at a golf club, was unaware of the figures. PURCHASES IN BILLIONS The three top aides said that electricity purchases for this year by the state would be $16 billion, not the $10 billion initially predicted. An additional $7 billion in state power purchases would be needed next year, they said. The state has been buying power at a clip of $45 million a day since Jan. 17 because the troubled utilities could no longer afford to make the purchases. From the start of the energy crisis, the state has planned to repay its power purchases through bond sales. The bonds would be paid off by a portion of the amount ratepayers are charged on their monthly bills. Davis has so far insisted that enough money could be found to cover the $10 billion without raising rates. But his aides said if the size of the bonds ballooned to $23 billion, a hefty rate increase would be necessary. INCREASE UPON INCREASE The Public Utilities Commission is already planning to make permanent a temporary 9 percent increase. An additional automatic 10 percent is scheduled for no later than March 2002. But the aides said, on top of that, an additional 60 percent to 80 percent increase would be required to cover the debt service. "For some time, I have believed a fundamental part of solving this problem is admitting there needs to be a rate increase, and the numbers that have been shared today make that inevitable, and we should start dealing with the reality as soon as possible," said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek (Santa Cruz County). One consumer advocate said the revelation means the utilities are closer to bankruptcy because the state and ratepayers won't have the cash to bail them out. And it could mean political trouble for Davis. "Unless the governor issues an ultimatum to lower the prices, everybody's bill will double, and he will not be able to run for re-election in 2002," said Harvey Rosenfield, head of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights. PG&E THREATENS SUIT The news came as Pacific Gas and Electric Co. threatened to take the state to court over Davis' plan to force the company to pay back certain creditors. Davis' proposal would require the utilities to pay alternative power generators for all the power that they supply, something PG&E said it cannot afford to do. Several of the generators shut down earlier this week as rolling blackouts spread across the state. The bill stalled yesterday in the Assembly as Republicans objected. Lawmakers will resume debate Monday. Earlier in the week, Davis announced that action would be taken by the Legislature and the Public Utilities Commission that would guarantee payment to the alternative energy providers. He also said the state -- which has spent $3.7 billion to purchase power -- should be paid back first. Without that promise, several of the small biomass, solar and wind producing plants -- called qualified facilities -- said they would have taken Southern California Edison Co. into bankruptcy court. The alternative generators provide enough electricity to power roughly 6 million homes. PG&E said it cannot afford to pay the alternative producers and reimburse the state for the billions it has spent purchasing power. "These actions approach the problem in a piecemeal and uncoordinated fashion and would force us to pay out far more than we collect in rates, further exacerbating an already precarious financial situation," Gordon Smith, PG&E's president and chief executive officer, said in a statement. DIFFERING VIEWS ON COSTS According to PG&E's numbers, the company collects $400 million a month in rates. It says the average price to pay all the generation sources exceeds $1. 4 billion a month. But consumer advocate Nettie Hoge said the utilities are exaggerating their own costs in order to try to keep as much money as possible. "It's just absurd," said Hoge, the head of The Utility Reform Network. "They have a temper tantrum every time something doesn't go their way." The bill PG&E objected to is necessary to allow the PUC to order utilities to pay small power generators who agree to sign lower-priced contracts to provide energy. The proposal offers generators a choice of agreeing to a five-year contract at $79 per megawatt or a 10-year deal at $69 per megawatt, Davis said. The going rate now is about $150 a megawatt. The PUC wants to act as early as Tuesday to bring some financial relief to the generators, who have been paid pennies on the dollar. Assembly Republicans objected to the bill in part because it would allow the PUC to change the formula for setting the price paid alternative producers so that it no longer considered the price of natural gas. Co-generators -- some of the largest of which are operated by oil refineries -- say without the price of natural gas as a consideration, it would cost them more to produce energy than what they would be paid for it. E-mail Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1  Davis at Fund-Raiser as His Bill Languishes Critics say he should have been at Capitol Greg Lucas, Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday, March 24, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/24/M N171337.DTL While the Assembly struggled -- and failed -- to pass a bill aimed at keeping hundreds of small energy generators from bankruptcy, Gov. Gray Davis attended a $10,000-a-head golf fund-raiser yesterday in Palm Desert. Organized by Duane Dauner, president of the California Healthcare Association, the event was held at Bighorn Golf Club, a luxurious private country club of which Dauner is a member. Davis' top political adviser said the governor didn't play golf, just stopped by a luncheon before the round began so he could return to Sacramento. But during Davis' absence, a bill he backed -- critical to bailing out small power generators -- languished in the Assembly. On Thursday, lawmakers canceled next week's long-planned annual trip to Washington, D.C., to focus on energy issues. "There is not a lot of electricity to be found on the golf course," said Harvey Rosenfield of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, a chief critic of Davis and the state's utilities. "He ought to be in Sacramento to try and solve the crisis and not prospecting for contributions in the grass in Palm Springs." The Democratic governor has been frequently criticized for the time he spends raising money for his campaign fund, money that comes from well-heeled interests with dozens of issues pending before his administration. Since becoming governor, Davis amassed $25 million by the end of 2000 -- averaging more than $1 million a month in contributions, often from fund- raisers directed at specific industries. Garry South, Davis' political adviser, said Davis was in Palm Springs to dedicate a University of California building and "dropped by a lunch" preceding the golf. South said the fund-raiser "was a diverse group of people that paid varying amounts of money." Lawmakers canceled their yearly visit to federal officials on issues important to the Golden State because they didn't want to give the impression that "there was somewhere else more important than California," said state Sen. Don Perata, D-Oakland. Raising money at a tony golf resort during the crisis simply looks bad, Perata said. "We have to be really careful because the public's patience and their confidence in what we're asking them to do depends on how they see us reacting to the problem," he said. "This will be negatively interpreted." Other lawmakers said the governor's top-level staff was working on the problem but acknowledged the golfing fund-raiser looked bad. "It's not the best symbolic message, but I feel we have to give him the benefit of the doubt," said Assemblywoman Carole Migden, D-San Francisco. Davis did appear briefly yesterday on nationally broadcast CNBC to talk about the energy crisis and blast power generators for allegedly overcharging the state. He appeared live from Palm Springs. The California Healthcare Association represents nearly 500 hospitals and boasts on its Web site that it "influences public policy development through both legislative and regulatory advocacy efforts." Last month, the group introduced a legislative package to expand nursing education and streamline college requirements for nurses. One of the bills calls for spending $120 million a year on nursing classes. The group also is lobbying the new Department of Managed Health Care, which is staffed by Davis appointees, to speed up payment of $1 billion in late bills owed to hospitals. Davis signed a bill last year that gave the HMO czar the power to sanction health care plans for failing to pay Dauner's clients, the hospitals, on time. In his first six months in office, Davis attended a fund-raising dinner at Dauner's house that brought in an estimated $100,000. It was part of a spree that netted the governor a record-breaking $6.1 million in half a year. At the time, Dauner told the Los Angeles Times: "We don't talk policy at those kinds of things, or legislation. This was really more of a social event. He talked about his goals and probably spent more time discussing education than anything else." Dauner could not be reached for comment yesterday. E-mail the reporters at glucas@sfchronicle.com and bsalladay@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 13        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE March 23, 2001 CONTACT: PG&E News Department (415) 973-5930  PG&E Responds to Energy Proposals in Sacramento San Francisco -- Pacific Gas and Electric Company today announced that it will be forced to challenge actions now being contemplated by the State of California to impose new demands on its frozen rate structure. The proposed actions will destabilize its current situation with creditors and put the entire possibility of reaching a balanced solution to California's energy crisis at risk. This week, the State has made clear its intention to use Pacific Gas and Electric Company's existing rate structure to begin fully paying Qualifying Facilities (QFs) in advance, for future power purchases, starting April 1, and to reimburse the Department of Water Resources (DWR) in advance of any other generating source, including utility-retained generation, bilateral contracts, QFs or the Independent System Operator (ISO). "These actions approach the problem in a piecemeal and uncoordinated fashion and would force us to pay out far more than we collect in rates, further exacerbating an already precarious financial situation," said Gordon R. Smith, president and chief executive officer of Pacific Gas and Electric Company. "The numbers just don't work." Currently, under frozen rates, Pacific Gas and Electric Company has been collecting approximately $400 million per month for the purchase of electric power. This revenue has been used in payments to power suppliers, including power purchases from irrigation districts and bilaterals, to cover costs of operating our retained generation, and is insufficient to cover payments to the ISO and QFs. The average combined energy bill from all of these sources exceeds $1.4 billion a month, and may go even higher in the coming months. Moreover, the utility's financial condition has been further jeopardized by the failure of the DWR to acknowledge responsibility for the full "net open position," i.e. the power that must be purchased on the spot market. This dispute over the net open position is threatening to accrue additional liabilities for Pacific Gas and Electric Company. "We continue to work with State officials to develop a constructive, comprehensive solution that assures that California has a reliable and fairly priced supply of power. Nevertheless, we have a duty to our suppliers, lenders and shareholders to protect the assets of the utility, and we must challenge any action by the State to force us to pay out more than is collected in rates," Mr. Smith concluded. ? 
 FYI. 
 I was holding back a bit.  All I needed was the green light.  I'll make it explicit.  Thanks for the comments.  I am very ready to start getting the word out.  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean Sent by: Steven J Kean 09/26/2000 04:14 PM 
 Michael: FYI. Best, Jeff 
 good answers. 
 Power Hogs May Get Hit In Pocketbook Davis favors tiered rate increases David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer Sunday, March 25, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/25/M N30195.DTL Gov. Gray Davis, faced with the near inevitability of raising consumers' electricity bills, is leaning toward a rate system whereby those who use more power pay more than those who conserve, The Chronicle has learned. Sources close to the governor said he is being lobbied by his own staff members to accept a so-called structured rate system. Top officials from his own administration told lawmakers Friday that the state may end up spending more than twice the $10 billion previously estimated to purchase power on behalf of California's near-bankrupt utilities. If so, the officials warned that consumers' electricity rates could double. In the case of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., this would mean customers' average monthly power bills would rise from $60 to $120. Consumers throughout the Bay Area believe that at least some increase is on the way. "We're going to have to bite the bullet and pay the money," said Larry Webster, a retired Caltrans worker in Redwood City. "We might as well admit that electricity is no longer a nickel. It's a dime. If you're going to use it, let's pay for it." Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for the governor, distanced himself yesterday from estimates that rates would double. The figures reported in the press, he said, "were wildly high." "The governor still believes he can live within the existing rate structure, " Maviglio said. "Until we know the results of the negotiations with the utilities, you can't conclude anything." The state is negotiating a multibillion-dollar bailout package with PG&E and Southern California Edison Co. to relieve the utilities of about $13 billion in debt. PG&E and Edison have been saying for months that there is no way California can overcome its current energy woes without higher rates. The irony of the Davis administration now saying the same thing was not lost on the two companies. "The state is in the exact same position the utilities were in last fall," said John Nelson, a PG&E spokesman. "Either wholesale prices need to come down or retail prices need to go up. The disparity is too large." Statewide blackouts last week drove home the precariousness of California's energy situation to ratepayers -- and may have served as a blessing in disguise for the governor. COST VS. OUTAGES If given a choice between further outages and paying higher rates, many consumers said they would accept increases in their power bills. "I don't like either choice," said Janet Leroux, facing the possibility of a gooey mess if the air conditioning goes out at her downtown San Francisco candy store. "But I guess I'd go with higher rates. I sure didn't like the blackouts." Publicly, the governor has been insisting for weeks that rates will stay within "the existing rate structure" -- a stealthy way of saying that January's 9 percent increase and an expected 10 percent increase next year will remain in place. But privately, he and his staff are discussing additional rate increases that could be spread over as long as 10 years, sources said. Utility executives and power generators told The Chronicle last week that a minimum 30 percent rate increase lasting up to a decade is in the cards. "For the good of California, it's inevitable," said Gary Ackerman, executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum, a Menlo Park energy industry association. Sacramento resident John Hax observed that when temperatures soar in the Central Valley this summer, he'd be more than willing to pay a higher price for power if this keeps the air conditioners on. "It's like gasoline," he said. "I don't like paying higher prices for gasoline, but that's the price of doing business." Ratepayers draw the line, though, at any increase topping 10 or 20 percent. "If it was 20 percent, I'd probably do it," said Tracy resident Mark Dougherty. "But if it was more, like 50 percent, I'd rather go with rolling blackouts." "I'd rather have blackouts," agreed Jenny Soghomonian, owner of a shoe- repair shop in San Francisco's Financial District. "I don't want to pay rates that are so much higher." NOT EVERY COST PALATABLE This is the tightrope that state officials and industry players now find themselves walking: While consumers may be willing to pay more to avoid blackouts, they aren't willing to swallow virtually any cost thrown their way. Yet if rates are not high enough, they may not prevent daily blackout threats this summer and beyond. "Higher rates are the price signal that it takes for conservation," said Tom Higgins, senior vice president of Edison International, parent company of Southern California Edison. Simply put, he meant that most consumers will not aggressively conserve power, and thus alleviate shortages, unless there is a financial incentive to do so. Rebates proposed by the governor have met with only a lukewarm response, requiring, critics say, too much effort on the part of individual ratepayers. But a sudden spike in monthly power bills almost certainly would prompt widespread conservation measures. "It adjusts consumer behavior," Higgins said. "People want to get their bills back down." RATES' EFFECT ON USAGE He and other industry sources said higher rates are perhaps the only way Californians will achieve the 10 percent conservation goal sought by the governor -- a move seen as vital if blackouts are to be avoided this summer. "It's intellectually dishonest to think there's any other way out of this," Higgins said. Consumer activists' initial reaction to any talk of a rate increase comes across loud and clear: No, no, no. "No bailout. No rate increases. No secret deals," said Harvey Rosenfield, head of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights in Santa Monica. "We need to get back to a regulated system." Rosenfield is the biggest fly in the governor's ointment. He has threatened to push through a ballot initiative re-regulating California's power market if Davis cannot find a consumer-friendly way out of the current fix. Because of Rosenfield's past success in writing a ballot measure on insurance rebates, which delivered about $800 million to consumers, his threat is taken seriously in Sacramento. "We've paid too much already," Rosenfield said. "A fair price is what we were promised by deregulation, which was a 20 percent rate decrease." However, when he was asked whether there was any room to discuss a structured rate increase such as the idea being promoted by the governor's staff, Rosenfield toned down his characteristic rhetoric. "Big users should pay more," he said after a moment's reflection. "I'm open to a tiered system but only if it's fair." Rosenfield quickly added that he would have to see how other consumer advocates felt about the matter before agreeing to negotiate such things with Davis. MOVE TOWARD STRUCTURED RATES Clearly, though, momentum is building toward a system of structured power rates, which probably would include increases of varying sizes for consumers. The California Public Utilities Commission is scheduled to address January's 9 percent rate increase on Tuesday. That increase originally was given only a three-month duration, but most observers expect it to be renewed for at least another three months, if not longer. PUC President Loretta Lynch declined to comment on the likelihood of rates going up but added her voice to those backing a structured system. "I am a fan of restructuring rates to exempt conservation," she said. "People who use a whole lot of power should pay more." The biggest electricity customer in the state is the state itself, now that California is purchasing power on behalf of its cash-poor utilities. The state already has spent about $4 billion buying electricity and has yet to determine how the cash will be recouped from consumers. San Francisco resident Rosita Magee accepts that for California to find its energy footing once more, rates will probably be heading up. "That way, you have more convenience and electricity, more stability," she said. But Magee has come up with another solution, one that doesn't involve rate increases and rolling blackouts. She's moving to Texas. Chronicle staff writers Matthew Stannard and Pia Sarkar contributed to this report. / E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 Chris:  Thanks a lot for the info and the help.  I'm out next week, but will probably give you a call to discuss a bit.  Thanks again; should be very useful.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI 
 Rick:  My apologies.  The family events here in Mexico have conflicted with the calls.  But I will be on the call tomorrow.  (Anything to save $25!)  One thing. I'm not sure that I can dial into an 800 number here in Mexico. Ginger:  Could I possibly call you at 4:30 and have you conference me in to the 800 number?  Best, Jeff    Ginger Dernehl 03/28/2001 11:46 AM 
 Did we (GA) recommend the extension?  If so, nice recommendation.  Given the circumstances, it's a win-win, and still leaves us with the swaption to exercise at a later date.  Hope all is well. When I call, you're always in a meeting.  I will be on the leadership call tomorrow.  Hope you're well.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/28/2001 04:18 PM 
 Thank you. FYI:  No certain at this time, but here may be some air quality issues associated with the compressors that TW might need GA to assist them with.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 03/28/2001 04:47 PM 
 Congratulations on the expansion.  If you need help with the emissions police, just holler.  Best, Jeff 
 Dear Nancy: I am not resonsible for Prentice's failure to respond.  Please contact her at 415.752.2277. Yours truly, Jeff  And by all the notes your sending (jokes, 50s cook books, etc.), I assume that you're still on vacation?  How was Mexico?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 09/26/2000 05:04 PM 
 good idea. 
 I can cover S.D. and San Jose if needed.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 03/29/2001 10:33 AM 
 Agreed.  Now let's see if Bowen et al can just pass the darn thing.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI:  Morse is a very popular opinion, general interest columnist.  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 03/30/2001 11:24 AM 
 HEADLINE: Davis faces dire political consequences if power woes linger  BYLINE: By Daniel Borenstein  BODY:  ??WALNUT CREEK, Calif. _ As Democrats prepare for their first statewide convention since the electricity crisis erupted, some elected officials and strategists are warning of dire political consequences if Gov. Gray Davis fails to clean up the power mess.  ??"All of us should be thinking about the effect the energy crisis is going to have on our chances of maintaining control of both houses, and the effect the governor will have on the ticket up and down," said state Sen. Don Perata, D-Alameda. "If he has not performed well and he has a D after his name, that could be problematic."  ??Garry South, the governor's top political strategist, said Thursday that the state's electricity woes probably won't be over soon, but the voters understand Davis didn't create the problem.  ??"It won't be solved in six months," South said. "This is an immediate problem that is not susceptible to an immediate solution. This is a several-year process to get this situation back under control."  ??As for the governor's critics, "I think they should be asked to produce their own plan. It's awful easy to take pot shots, but most of those who I read about in the newspapers have no plan."  ??The intraparty sniping on the eve of the party convention highlights the frustration Democrats are feeling about the crisis_and its potential political damage.  ??Four months ago, this weekend's convention in Anaheim seemed certain to be a Davis fete. Although Democrats had lost the presidency, Al Gore easily carried California and the party was in firm control of the Legislature and the state's congressional delegation.  ??Davis had led the Gore effort in California and the governor was personally and politically popular across the state. This would have been the convention for him to showcase his achievements for education, the issue he had promised to make the hallmark of his first term.  ??But electricity now overshadows everything else. To be sure, the governor will tout his policy achievements during a Saturday morning speech to the convention delegates. And he is not shying away from the spotlight.  ??Tonight, he will host a party for the delegates at Disney's California Adventure Theme Park. That prompted one Democratic consultant from Sacramento who won't be attending to quip, "We're in fantasy land here, thank you. We don't need to go to Disneyland for that."  ??Some are shaking their heads in disbelief at how the governor has handled the events of the past week. "In many ways, he appears to have gone politically tone deaf," said Sherry Bebitch Jeffe, political analyst at Claremont Graduate University. "His instincts are not serving him well."  ??While his top aides were meeting with legislators last week to warn them that a $10 billion bond package won't be enough to get the state out of the crisis, Davis was at a $10,000-per-person Palm Springs golf tournament to raise money for his re-election campaign.  ??When his hand-picked members of the Public Utilities Commission this week approved an electricity rate hike that experts have been predicting for months, Davis claimed that he didn't know about the plan before it was announced and that he thought it was premature.  ??Other Democrats, however, thought the commission action was overdue. "I'm glad to see the PUC stepping out and doing something along the lines that some of us have been talking about needing to be done for the last six or eight weeks," said state Sen. Tom Torlakson, D-Antioch. "There's a high level of frustration. There haven't been clear answers to what the solution is."  ??South, the Davis political strategist, said a lot of factors are outside the governor's control. "No one can predict with any certainty where this is going to go, and no one can predict when this situation is going to be brought under control. We don't control the generators, we don't control the FERC (Federal Energy Regulatory Commission), we don't control what Wall Street is going to do."  ??As for the potential political fallout, South said the governor and Democrats remain in a strong position. After all, he said, the deregulation plan was pushed through by a Republican governor and Republicans in Washington are blocking efforts to cap prices.  ??Jack Pitney, government professor at Claremont McKenna College, predicted Davis could weather the electricity crisis. "People who are following it know it's roots run deeper than the Davis administration and the Republicans don't have any plausible alternatives," he said.  ??"My read of public opinion is people don't think there's a simple and easy solution and they're not expecting one. They may be impatient but they won't necessarily take it out on (Davis)."  ??It's too early to predict the political outcome, said Mark Baldassare, pollster at the Public Policy Institute of California.  ??"The impacts won't be clear until people have gone through a few billing cycles and we've gone through the summer blackouts, until we see what the personal impacts are so we know what the political impacts are," he said. "That's the really crucial period for Gray Davis' political future, after this summer." 
 You're sweet.  I'm responding from under a palapas.   (From yesterday's 1:30 call, I see much ain't changed since I left. :)  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 03/30/2001 11:33 AM 
 Thank you.  Sounds like it was a good meeting and Lay did a great job. Congratz.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  Thanks for all the help.  Life's nuts.  I'll try to give you a call later in the day and catch up. 
 was it fun?  was the area nice?  were you in the mountains of oaxaca, or something? 
 thanks. i'll review.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Margaret: I'll get you my comments first thing Monday morning. Best, Jeff 
 Hi Avrim:  So sorry this took me so long, and I hope you haven't already left---I reca= ll=20 you saying that you guys were leaving on the 1st, which I hope is the case.= =20 Anyway, hope that this finds you before you depart.  First, if you didn't buy a "Plan du Paris" ("map of Paris, in English) on= =20 your first trip, I highly recommend it. All Parisians use it, it costs abou= t=20 $10-15 and you'll use if for all your other trips to Paris.  It's a must fo= r=20 getting around the town.  Every street in the city; all the=20 "arrondissements": map of the subway system, etc.  OK, here goes.  It's been a while, and I don't have my "Plan" with me here = in=20 Mexico, so I'm working from memory.  Hope that it's helpful.  Once you've= =20 bought your "Plan," you can reference my suggestions and get yourself=20 oriented, link the walks together, etc.  For an exotic (and cool) experience, go to "the Mosque" ("La Mosquee") in= =20 French.  It's in the southeastern part of the city (15th arrondissement, or= =20 5th?).  Go the cafe in the mosque and have tea.  It's just very cool. La Rue Moufftard (sp?).  It starts on the top of the hill where the Pantheo= n=20 is (across the street from the Luxembourg Gardens).  It's a neat little=20 street that winds down the other side of the hill.  Go before noon when the= =20 market fills the street---you can buy a few things and picnic in the=20 Luxembourg Garden. Speaking of the Luxembourg Gardens, it's a neat place.  I'd take a walk=20 through---check out all of the "espaille'd" fruit trees----truly a work of= =20 art. Walk to the other side of the Garden (opposite from the Pantheon side) and= =20 find the "St. Sulpice" church.  Very cool neighborhood (St. Germain des Pre= s=20 neighborhood).  The church is on a square; there's a lot of very nice cafes= =20 and restaurants, and it's the site of the famous "Left Bank" fashion center= . While you're over there, wander to the Montparnasse neighborhood and stop i= n=20 at the "Rosebud" bar.  Hemmingway and the gang drank there.  It's small, th= e=20 waiters where little white coats and they play real vinyl records of the be= st=20 jazz anywhere.  Best of all, it's not pretentious.  It's hip. Also there is a cemetery where many famous folks are buried (including Serg= e=20 Gainsbourg)----cemeteries are of course a big deal in Paris, the most notab= le=20 being the Pere LaChaise Cemetery, where Jim Morrison is buried. They're=20 Interesting enough, but I don't know if I'd go out of my way.... In the Latin Quarter (5th arrond), check out "L'Ecluse," right on the river= =20 at the Quai les Grands Augustins, just off Boulevard St. Michel.  Little wi= ne=20 bar with tasty things to nibble on.  Great place to take a breather in the= =20 late afternoon (somewhat) in style. The Picasso museum in the =01&Marais=018 neighborhood is an absolute must. = And=20 while you=01,re there be sure to cruise the neighborhood.  Very gentrified = these=20 days (and it=01,s the gay neighborhood), but been renovated into a lot of v= ery=20 impressive art galleries and fashion houses---very neat. While there (in the same neighborhood) go to the =01&Place des Vosges.=018 = Unreal=20 big old square from way back when---great to look at and there=01,s shops a= nd=20 cafes. The =01&Institute du Monde Arab=018 is on the Mitterand=01,s =01&seven grea= t projects.=018 =20 Architechturally magnificent and the exhibits inside are modest and very=20 impressive. Rue de la Roquette is now extremely hip---on the east side of the Bastille= =20 behind the =01&new opera=018 (if you get a chance go an opera there---very = populist=20 experience and fun.  Roquette is where the clubs and the musique are. =20 General hip-dome (and if you=01,re inclined to do some real people-watching= , go=20 to Boulevard St. Germain and sit outside at Les Deux Magots or Caf, Fleure= =20 and watch away). Find on your map the church St. Eustache.  Walk around east of it for some= =20 very cool neighborhood viewing=01*used to be big wholesale butchers and suc= h=20 (extension of Les Halles, which is now a big shopping mall but used to be= =20 Paris=01, outdoor market).  From there walk to =01&Place des Victoires, or = Place=20 des Notre Dame des Victoires (I can=01,t remember).  And look for Gallerie= =20 Vivienne, too---Belle Epoque little food a shopping corrider=01*very neat. And finally, while your over there, go to the Palais Royale (by the Louvre)= ,=20 which is where Louis XIV grew up as a boy---fantastic courtyard,=20 controversial artwork (black and white striped columns);  walk to the=20 opposite end, exit the courtyard out the back and continue walking in the= =20 neighborhood.  I=01,ll leave the museums, etc. to you.  Sorry to quick and dirty.  Have a = great=20 time.  See you soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Avram: Ignore the babble about the "Plan du Paris," since you already have it.  Have a fantastic and safe time. See you in a couple of weeks.  Best to you both in your travels.  Jeff 
 In all week. 
 sounds good.  i'll put it on my calendar. 
 Hi Joseph: Could you please look in that little "legislator info" booklet and email to Janel address, phone #, fax and email (or fax) info for:  Robert Hertzberg John Burton Debra Bowen Fred Keeley  Janel:  let us know if there are others for whom you need the info.  As always, thanks a bunch Joseph.  Best, Jeff 
 Davis Blames Crisis On State Republicans But Democratic controller points at governor Carla Marinucci, John Wildermuth, Chronicle Political Writers Sunday, April 1, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/04/01/M N154353.DTL Anaheim -- The politics of energy dominated the state Democratic convention yesterday, as anxious delegates gave a lukewarm reception to embattled Gov. Gray Davis, who clashed bitterly with party rival, Controller Kathleen Connell. Speaking at the Anaheim convention center, where dimmed lights were a constant reminder of yesterday's Stage 2 alert, Davis blamed California's energy woes on former Gov. Pete Wilson, Republican lawmakers and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which, he charged, has failed to regulate greedy energy firms selling power at "out of control prices." He insisted that he was not sure rate increases were necessary, refusing to say whether he would support huge hikes backed by the Public Utilities Commission last week. He suggested, however, that he favors a system of tiered electricity pricing. "These Republicans -- who were so enamored with deregulation just five years ago -- have become even more enamored with criticizing me as I try to clean up their mess," the governor said to tepid applause from the 1,900 delegates. "This deregulation disaster was authored by a Republican legislator, passed by a Republican Assembly, signed into law by a Republican governor and implemented with undue haste by a Republican PUC." But the governor's Republican-bashing was overshadowed politically by an attack by state Controller Connell, a candidate for Los Angeles mayor -- who rejected what she called Davis' "finger-pointing" and assailed his handling of the crisis. The dramatic development demonstrated both deepening rifts within California's ruling party and the high political stakes of the energy crisis. "There will be no excuses for Democrats in this state, because we dominate state government," Connell said in a convention speech in which she also outlined proposals to require "power hogs," such as malls, to install their own microgenerators. "I spent the past eight years making sure the state had a surplus, and now I'm seeing it eaten away every day by energy costs. . . . Whatever solution (the governor) provides must come fast and be shared openly with the people of California," she said in a dig at Davis, who has been criticized for moving too cautiously and for resisting disclosure of energy contracts to the public. Warning of the costs of "a delay and an incremental approach to an indefinite problem," she said, "I won't stand by and allow the consumers to pick up the tab." DAVIS DEFENDS POLICIES Asked to respond to Connell's critique, Davis told reporters, "I believe we've moved at warp speed to address this problem. . . . We've kept the light on most days." The governor, who endorsed Connell's opponent, former Assembly Speaker Antonio Villaraigosa for mayor, then added, "It might be if she's not happy with that, she can run for governor next time." Garry South, the governor's senior political adviser, was even more caustic, lambasting Connell as a party infidel. "This is why Kathleen Connell doesn't have a friend in all Los Angeles," he said. "She's been picking on the governor since day one." "It's all air," he said of her talk. "Not only hot air but a foul wind." In an interview while campaigning later in the day, Connell toughened her rhetoric, saying, "The emperor has no more clothes here in California." "We are well into the fifth month (of the energy crisis) and we have yet to find any answers from the administration," said Connell, who promised to release her own detailed solutions to the crisis next week. Unlike many Democrats at the convention, festooned with "Wilson Did It" signs, she rejected as "irrelevant" the suggestion by Davis that Republicans were to blame for California's energy woes. "Californians are wearying of this finger-pointing and closed-door negotiations and extended debate," she told The Chronicle. "The public is no longer going to be patient with us. They're going to hold the governor accountable when they get the bill." CONNELL LAGGING IN POLL Connell, who is forced by term limits to give up her post as controller next year, has lagged in her campaign to become mayor of Los Angeles. With 10 days to the election, a recent poll showed her running fourth behind City Attorney James Hahn, Villaraigosa and businessman Steve Soboroff. Despite Davis' words and speculation among delegates, Connell denied she was eyeing the governor's seat for the future. "I'm not looking two or three years down the line," she said. "But I hope the governor is looking toward an immediate solution to this problem." The governor's speech was his first since the PUC announced rate increases of as much as 46 percent. Davis refused to say whether he would support the immediate rate increase approved by the PUC but suggested that he would back a tiered billing system. "If a rate increase becomes absolutely necessary to keep our lights on and our economy strong, you can be sure of one thing from this governor," Davis said. "I'll fight to protect those least able to pay, reward those who conserve the most and 'motivate' those who are the biggest guzzlers to cut back." He later dodged reporters' questions about specifics, repeatedly saying that within the next two weeks he would release a statement detailing "what, if any" increases were needed. "Many advisers from Wall Street are running numbers, and they appear to be different from the PUC's," he said. Davis also said he has already done a lot to address the crisis and had "kick started" construction of new power plants and successfully promoted conservation programs. Some of Davis' backers at the convention, watching the squabbling, expressed concern about some of the governor's tactics. "People want a leader to lead," said Susan Leal, San Francisco's city treasurer. "They're looking for someone to come out and take command, regardless of who started this." But, she said, Davis is a tough and smart politician, and "people are still going to be forgiving if (the governor) does something to attack the problem." OTHER DEMOCRATS BLAME GOP Other Democratic Party leaders were also quick to defend Davis and to blame Republicans. Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, suggested that President Bush has ignored California's energy problems because "he's worried to death about Davis running for president." California is the world's sixth-biggest economy, McAuliffe noted in an interview, and Bush "has basically written it off, saying, 'Good luck to you. You're not getting any help.' " Art Torres, chairman of the state Democratic Party, said Davis "is attacked every day by the backbench Republican yahoos in the Legislature" and predicted that public concern over energy would ebb by next year's election. "We're looking at issues that are going to transcend the energy issues we see now," Torres said, such as crime and violence in the schools, economics, the environment and abortion. But political analyst Sherry Bebich Jeffee said Connell's criticism was evidence of a party split and perhaps "the opening salvo in 2002," when Davis is up for re-election. Davis's entire party, she said, could be in trouble if voters get fed up with higher energy bills. "Do the math," said Jeffee, noting that Democrats hold all but one state office and control of the both houses of the Legislature. "If you're going to throw the bums out, the bums in this state are mostly Democrats." E-mail Carla Marinucci at cmarinucci@sfchronicle.com and John Wildermuth at jwildermuth@sfchronicle.com. 
 Got it.    Bruce Andrews <BAndrews@QuinnGillespie.com> Sent by: Enron-owner@lists.qgadc.com 04/02/2001 05:21 PM 
 Here's what I sent Rick and Jim before I left.  Best, Jeff 
 Works for me.  Best, Jeff    Lysa Akin@ECT 04/02/2001 12:42 PM 
 Laura: Good talking to you.  Per our conversation, here's the package.  Thanks very much for passing it along.  If you have any questions, etc., don't hesitate. 415.782.7822  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Jason:  Per my voice mail, here's the package of materials for customers to use to make sure key policy makers know that maintaining customer choice in California is critical.  As I mentioned in the voice mail, the Legislature's likely to move this week on a variety of fronts, so it's important that the business community make its voice heard immediately and clearly.  If you could forward this along to the SVMG members, it would be very helpful to the fight for cusomer choice and greatly appreciated.  Information on how to contact the key legislators is included.  Also included are "form" letters that folks can print out, sign, and send.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  She's forwarding around the Valley, and I'll follow up to make sure that she's having Chambers sign and send.  Best, Jeff 
 got message  call if you can 415.782.7822. 
 My understanding is that it's languishing but still has a decent chance of getting through.  The question is when.  I'll try to get some more firm information and get back to you later in the afternoon.  Best, Jeff 
 Any news from the litigation front with UC/CSU? 
 This should help Prentice's chances for employment come the Fall.  You guys should have a HUGE phone bill on your room charges.  Please fax me a copy of the bill.  I will cover all phone charges.  Also, please forward to me what I owe you for the plane flight and golf and our share of dinners, drinks, guacamole, etc.  We played spades at the airport.  My team lost..........again.  My losing streak now ties DiMaggio's hitting streak.  Best, Jeff 
 oh shit.  you're right. 
 Yes.  And I'd be happy to call him and harass him.  Better yet, if Ken Lay's willing to call him and harass him, that'd be better still.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 04/02/2001 09:23 PM 
 Thanks a million.  Do you think that you're boss is inclinded to put a call in to the governor regarding the importance of choice and/or sign and send letters to the leadership?  Also, what was the name of the association you forwarded the package to?  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff    Laura Ipsen <lipsen@cisco.com> 04/02/2001 07:04 PM 
 My understanding (as of yesterday evening) is that it's on its own.  I'll check and get back to you.  Best, Jeff    Jennifer Rudolph@EES 04/03/2001 07:35 AM 
 I apologize----worked on it Sunday evening thinking that I could finish up yesterday in the office (fat chance).  Here's what I've done thus far, and I'll continue to edit today, if that would be helpful.  Best, Jeff     Margaret Carson 04/03/2001 08:33 AM 
 Thanks a million (as always).  Give my best to Ray and tell him to hurry up and get this messed resolved.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll call.    Karen Denne 04/03/2001 11:03 AM 
 got message.  will stick to original plan.  agree w/you re: dennis.  page me tomorrow when you can.  best,jeff 
 You're on.    Jay Zoellner/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 04/02/2001 12:19 PM 
 Laura: Sorry to bother you again, but I'm concerned that Justin is wildly busy and may not have the time to forward the package on to the SVMG.  I'm hoping that you might have the distribution list and might be able to forward to that list, too.  No big deal, just trying do everything we can to try to mobilize the troops on customer choice.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry, don't know these folks.  Best, Jeff 
 I just got this note morning.  Something must be wrong with my or your email (likely mine).  Sorry about that.  Best, Jeff 
 On interminable conference calls---on another right now.  Flight leaves at 3:30 PM, which I think gets me there around 5 or 5:15 PM.  Why don't you just pick a restaurant and I'll meet you there.  I'm staying at 5th Avenue Suites.  If you want to eat at the resaurant at the hotel, that works for me.  I'll call you when (and if) I get off this call.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll keep plugging, with plan being to get you the rest today.  Best, Jeff    Margaret Carson 04/03/2001 12:19 PM 
 Thanks.  Best of luck in the prep.  If I can be of any help, you folks know how to find me.      Vicki Sharp@EES 04/03/2001 10:59 AM 
 I'll see you at 5:15 outside at the ticket counter level.  I'm taking Alaska.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 04/03/2001 12:42 PM 
 Thank you.  I'm still working on the first wave of magnums, though.  How much was the phone bill, m'lady? 
 I left you a voicemail just to say that I love you.  How's it going over there today? 
 damn yer funny.  hey, what's the weather like up there? 
 Jim: Could you send me your version of the California presentation that I drafted for you and Rick?  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 The entire phone bill is 300 pesos???  Yes, please fax to me.  And please email me rest of expenses when you get a chance so I can write you a check for everything (plane,phone, golf, etc., etc.)  You guys get back OK? 
 fax is 415.782.7854. 
 we got back ok.  (i didn't know tulsa had such a neat airport.)    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/03/2001 03:50 PM 
 That's so weird.  Prentice left her car door ajar (when she went to go to school yesterday morning, it was dead and she had to get a jump).  I was surprised that the phone was only 300 pesos.  I thought they'd charge by the minute, but apparently, it's a flat 10 pesos for local (i.e., 800 calls), no matter how long one's one.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/03/2001 04:00 PM 
 no idea.  sorry. 
 I would suggest that we bring Bob in once we've had a chance to discuss internally today.  Best, Jeff 
 Can't thank you enough for your help and for comments.  I'm going to continue to work on it.  Have another data question.  Can we determine big high tech's electricity bill was in California and nationally last year?  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff    Margaret Carson 09/26/2000 03:40 PM 
 Some data on Coke and Quaker.  More to follow. 
 May be of interest to your biz dev efforts.  Best, Jeff 
 Dan Walters: Politicians seek shelter as energy Armageddon looms   (Published April 4, 2001) There's been a subtle but unmistakable shift in the political atmosphere that envelops California's energy crisis. Politicians have concluded that the crisis is largely beyond their control and the die is more or less cast. Whatever fate decrees - massive summer blackouts, soaring utility bills or even the bankruptcy of the state's utilities - will happen, and politicians from Gov. Gray Davis downward are scrambling to insulate themselves from voters' anger and single out rivals for blame. No one is saying that publicly, of course, but the fatalistic mood is very apparent in the Capitol, whose denizens have dropped their preoccupation with energy and moved to other matters. Legislative committees are working on the hundreds of bills that had been stalled for three months while the special committees that had been holding almost daily sessions on the energy crisis have gone into semihibernation. Last weekend's Democratic state convention in Anaheim was dominated by fears that when the crisis hits home, the party's dominance of the Capitol will backfire. "Just remember Jimmy Carter," state Controller Kathleen Connell warned fellow Democrats, adding that they will have "no excuses" for perceived failure to deal with the crisis forthrightly. "We will be accountable on Election Day 2002," she said. Next year's elections are very much on Davis' mind, since he'll be seeking a second term and polls indicate that his approval ratings have declined sharply in recent weeks. He devoted much of the weekend to defending his actions, saying, "I believe we've moved at warp speed to address this problem," and trying to pin blame on Republicans. Republicans, meanwhile, sense that the crisis gives them an avenue of escape from the dungeon of irrelevancy to which they had been exiled by heavy losses in the last three elections. The only remaining statewide GOP officeholder, Secretary of State Bill Jones, is running for governor by accusing Davis of mismanagement, and Republican Assembly members dumped their leader, Bill Campbell, on grounds that he had been insufficiently aggressive vis-a-vis Davis. The political positioning reflects the reality that the crisis shows every sign of worsening. Although Davis' office is distributing a brochure entitled "Meeting the Energy Challenge" to defend the governor's actions, it's apparent that none of the steps the governor has taken is bearing much fruit. The state is spending at least $50 million a day on emergency power purchases, but what was supposed to be a short-term program has evolved into a monthslong drain on the state's rapidly shrinking budget reserves. The long-term supply contracts that were supposed to replace daily spot purchases have bogged down, and without firm contracts and a revenue stream to pay for them, Wall Street is reluctant to market the bonds the state wants to float. Many authorities now believe Davis' decision to step into the power purchase market in January was a strategic error because it gave power suppliers a deep new pocket to tap just as the utilities themselves ran out of credit. Davis, meanwhile, is refusing to embrace a rate increase approved by the state Public Utilities Commission, which sends a mixed message to Wall Street, and efforts to resolve problems with unpaid bills from power generators and have the state acquire the utilities' intercity transmission grid have stalled, perhaps permanently. The crisis may careen totally out of control as summer arrives, raising the specter of elderly and/or ill Californians dying from having their air conditioners or medical equipment shut down. And the utilities are closer to bankruptcy now than at any other point in the nearly yearlong crisis. Plan A isn't working, and there is no Plan B - except for bankruptcy. With Armageddon looming, politicians have retreated into the bunker, hoping to protect themselves from what could be a firestorm of anger. The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at (916) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com . 
 Greetings:  Are we supposed to do the reading and the Oracle and Legal Services cases for Thursday?  Syllabus says yes, but I gather from Tasker's Izio not that we'll be in the computer center all class doing modeling.  (I'd email her, but she doesn't get my emails apparently.)  Anyone have a clue?  Best, Jeff 
 could you please forward me the gas daily story re: investigation into EOL. I'm having a hard time locating.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Harry: Could you forward along to the EES folks we talked to yesterday who're interested in ISO's demand-side proposal.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Market Participants,  Attached is the California ISO's revised third RFB for Loads with emergency back-up generators that wish to participate in the ISO Demand Relief Program (DRP).  The ISO would especially like to thank the participants that submitted bids that included back-up generators into the first DRP RFB and encourages those participants to submit bids for this revised RFB.  As mentioned in the March 30 Market Notice for the second DRP RFB (for Loads not using back-up generators), the design of the back-up generator program has changed somewhat since the issuance of the first DRP RFB. Loads using back-up generators will still be dispatched after the DRP Load blocks but will be available for 24 hours per month, similar to the Load portion.  Successful bidders will start in the program either June 1 or July 1 depending on how quickly contracts and logistics can be finalized.  Bids are due to the ISO on May 1 in accordance with the attached RFB.  This RFB will also be posted on the ISO Home Page (www.caiso.com) in the next 24 hours.  <<DRA Third RFB BUG 010403.doc>>  - DRA Third RFB BUG 010403.doc 
 Hi.  I'm traveling today, but wanted to let you know that those are the balance of my comments.  Best, Jeff 
 Yo, people.  I love sports.  Love baseball.  Love you.  But I ain't necessarily THAT keen on tying up my Sunday evenings, since, with no school this summer, I plan on spending just about every Sunday night driving back late from Mendocino, where I'll be working on putting vines in, sporting around in that new Zodiac, and shit like that.  And when I ain't there, I hope to be backpacking, endurance riding etc.  But y'all should go ahead without me.  Lovingly, One half of The Sidekicks    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/04/2001 01:00 PM 
 that is so cool that she's pregnant. 
 please read your email.  sent it about 3 hours ago?    Susan J Mara 04/04/2001 02:16 PM 
 Dude.  Dude.  I'm reaching for the saltines.  You want to get tickets to the Shepard play?    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 09/26/2000 11:24 AM 
 Energy Firms' Mixed Message Is Focus of Inquiry  Deregulation: Senate panel will investigate whether suppliers were being misleading when they promised lower rates for consumers while they were also predicting bigger profits for investors.  By ROBERT J. LOPEZ and RICH CONNELL, Times Staff Writers  In the summer of 1999, a top official with a major player in California's power market testified during a congressional committee hearing in support of speeding up deregulation. Unleashing market forces, said the Dynegy Inc. executive, would ensure "maximum customer savings" and "low-cost power." That same month, the Houston-based firm made a far different pitch to Wall Street: Deregulation and major swings in electricity prices would boost revenue and stock value. "We know how to take advantage of volatility spikes across the gas and power market," Chief Executive Officer Charles Watson declared in a publication targeting large investors. "The energy marketplace," he predicted, "will simply get more volatile." Dynegy was not alone, a review of federal filings, company documents and public records shows. In the years since California's pioneering deregulation plan was approved, other major out-of-state energy suppliers were sending similar, seemingly contradictory signals to the public and stock buyers. Now, those divergent messages--electricity prices will fall but corporate revenue and profits will climb--will be a key focus of a special state Senate committee charged with investigating the alleged manipulation in the power market. "How you can tell your investors you're about to make a whole ton of money in the very short term, and tell the consumers of California you're about to get lower rates?" said Sen. Joe Dunn (D-Santa Ana), a former consumer attorney who is heading the legislative probe. Investigations by the state attorney general and federal regulators are continuing, but remain largely secret. The Senate panel could offer the most open and wide-ranging examination yet of alleged misconduct among power sellers. The bipartisan panel expects to begin requesting documents from power producers as early as today and begin hearings in a few weeks. Committee members stress that they are hoping the power companies will cooperate but are ready to issue subpoenas if necessary.  Suppliers Deny Misleading Public The legislative probe comes as many state officials are moving aggressively to expose alleged market manipulation and overcharges totaling billions of dollars by the power suppliers. "Somewhere along the line, there may be a skunk in the woodpile. And if there is, we need to find out about it," said K. Maurice Johannessen (R-Redding), the committee's ranking Republican. Another panel member, Sen. Debra Bowen (D-Marina del Rey), noted that all companies try to maximize profits. "But [we want] to understand how the market was manipulated and how sellers took advantage of the market." The power traders strongly deny acting improperly or sending misleading signals to the public. "Hogwash," said Tom Williams, spokesman for North Carolina-based Duke Energy. Spokesmen for Dynegy said there was nothing inconsistent in the statements of their executives. The companies maintain that California's problems stem from soaring electricity demand, lagging power plant construction and a faulty deregulation plan adopted by the Legislature in 1996. "You have a flawed structure there," said Dynegy spokesman John Sousa. Sousa and executives of other power suppliers say their comments to the general public and to Wall Street are not contradictory because unfettered competition--not the California model--would have created opportunities to both make money and cut rates. Still, regulators, lawmakers and ratepayer groups note that only half the promises made by the power dealers have been realized so far--their earnings and stock prices have risen at record rates as electricity prices have soared. "The big lie was, while they were telling ratepayers to 'Trust us, we're going to lower your rates,' they were planning the entire time to raise the rates," said San Diego attorney Michael Aguirre, a former federal prosecutor who specialized in fraud cases. Aguirre is representing state ratepayers in a class-action lawsuit against the power companies. Just last month, California's independent grid operator reported that many power sellers "used well-planned strategies to ensure maximum possible prices." Potential overcharges could total nearly $6.3 billion. The Senate panel wants to track information that Dynegy and other generators were providing to the investment community in the 1990s as a possible way of determining whether they entered the California market with plans to run up electricity costs. Among many other things, the committee plans to seek internal projections of how the firms expected wholesale prices and profits to rise under deregulation. Members also want to know how the suppliers expected to recoup billions in outlays for California power plants being unloaded by regulated utilities. Some of the purchases were far above book value, stunning analysts. "What did they know that the rest of us didn't at the time they were purchasing those generations facilities?" asked Dunn. "They knew something." One thing the power wholesalers say they did know was that tight power supplies in California would probably boost prices, at least for a time. "They were going anywhere where they thought energy [use] would spike upward," recalled market analyst Joan Goodman, who was familiar with company pitches. "California was one of those places because it didn't have sufficient [power] plants." Duke Energy projected that prices would rise after 2000, although the company says it did not foresee the huge increases that occurred, according to spokesman Williams. However, when the company sealed one of the first packages of power plant purchases in the state in 1997, Chief Executive Officer Richard Priory said in a press release it would "deliver greater value" to California customers. The publicity spin was similar when Edison's sprawling beachfront power plant in El Segundo changed hands the following year. "Consumers in California will begin to benefit from more competitively priced electricity and more vibrant economy," announced Craig Mataczynski, vice president of Minneapolis-based NRG Corp., a partner in the purchase with Dynegy.  Big Growth Was Predicted Utilities reaping profits from plant sales also trumpeted the consumer windfall theme. Electricity rates would drop 20% by 2001, Pacific Gas & Electric's top executive, Robert Glynn, said in early 1998. "There is no product bought on a daily basis that has such a predictable downward price trajectory into the future." But to its Wall Street audience, the power suppliers emphasized climbing revenues. Atlanta-based Southern Co., now Mirant, told investors in 1999 that its plan to buy plants and market power had brought the company to the "doorstep of significant growth opportunities." "We believe our strategies will result in the best shareholder return available," Bill Dahlberg, then-chief executive officer, said shortly after buying three California plants. Mirant spokeswoman Jamie Stephenson said assurances given the public and assumptions directed to Wall Street were "just a different way of delivering the same message." The firm was saying it would be "reliable to shareholders and reliable to consumers." Now, with rolling blackouts and record electricity bill increases, federal and state authorities are alleging that large energy suppliers played the power market too hard. Last month, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said it found evidence of $124 million in "unjust and unreasonable" charges during the severest periods of electricity shortage. The commission, often criticized for being too lenient on private power companies, ordered the firms to refund the money or further justify the charges. Some firms are contesting the findings, saying the prices they charged were justified. Investigators and regulators have faced a vexing challenge trying to unravel the complex financial workings of the large power traders. The companies closely guard information, and some recently refused to comply with subpoenas from the state Public Utilities Commission, which is also probing the power market. Whether the Senate investigating committee will have the resources and tenacity to get much further remains to be seen. But Democrats and Republicans alike insist they are serious about untangling how the power market went haywire. "I haven't seen that much smoke where there hasn't been a fire," Dunn said.  Copyright 2001 Los Angeles Times 
 You might be right.  Apologies if that's what happened. 
 where are the charges? and please divide it all equally.  it was a great time and there's just no reason for you guys to absorb the other costs, particularly when the rest of us have the means to help out.  thanks again for a great time (despite the spades!).    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/04/2001 02:44 PM 
 I need to check more, but here's my take.  Politically---very popular with legislators; very easy to pass, etc.  However, it would be so complicated to implement and is very likely in conflict with so many federal laws, that I think they'll have an extremely difficult time pulling it off.  In addition, the utilities (whose retained generation collected a big portion of the "windfall" selling through the PX) would be subject to a big tax hit.  Would that push them into bankruptcy?  In short, easy to pass politically, pretty difficult to make stick legally.  This help?  You still have your PCG position?  Best, Jeff    Michelle D Cisneros@ECT 04/04/2001 03:24 PM 
 I can't do Burton's district.  Don't feel like it.  And the list is lousy. And it wasn't my idea. So forget it.  Jeff :) 
 Thanks.  See you tomorrow.    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 04/04/2001 03:43 PM 
 sounds good. 
 will do.  hope all's well. 
 Thought that you might find this interesting.  Best, Jeff  Enron Turns Internal Credit-Risk Tool Into New Product 2001-04-04 17:19 (New York)    By Christina Cheddar Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES  NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--With the number of corporate bankruptcies on the rise, knowing the creditworthiness of one's customers is becoming more and more important. For Enron Corp. (ENE), the world's largest energy trading company, keeping track of credit risk has always been part of doing business. That became even more true with the company's launch of EnronOnline, its Internet-based commodities trading network. In order to deal with the accelerated volume and speed of transactions on EnronOnline, the company developed a tool to help its own commercial traders manage the credit risk. Early last year, Enron rolled out this tool, Enron Credit, on a limited basis. Gradually, the company expanded its use and scope. Last month, the company re-launched Enron Credit in its current format. Enron Credit tracks more than 10,000 companies, giving each a rating known as the "Enron cost of credit." The rating is expressed as an interest rate. The Web site also provides news, a company's expected chance of bankruptcy and other related information. While much of this information is free to registered users, Enron also has turned the product into a new revenue stream. Users may download data into a spreadsheet and receive periodic updates for a fee. The site also can sell a user a "digital bankruptcy swap," which is a way to hedge against credit exposure. The price of the swap is determined by a rating Enron's staff assigns to a company and the amount of credit exposure a company needs to protect against. For a supplier, the main advantage of a swap is that if a customer is unable to pay due to bankruptcy, the supplier will be paid immediately. According to Enron Europe President John Sherriff, the goal of Enron Credit is to create a more efficient credit market by increasing trading liquidity. The tool is important because "in just a short amount of time, a company's credit can go from stellar to bad literally overnight." At present, some analysts haven't factored in revenue from Enron Credit into their earnings models. However, as the commodity markets Enron trades in mature, it is possible the need for products such as Enron Credit could increase. -By Christina Cheddar, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5166 
 FYI.  Lauren Ipsen at Cisco told me that she forwarded our package of letters, etc. to the AEA.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 04/04/2001 05:17 PM 
 Can you define "off line?"  You mean they're going to "island' themselves, no longer taking power from the grid? To get the standby service, they'll need to sign an agreement under PG&E's standby tariffs (the tariff for cogens if the cogens getting the standby, or for the University, if UC's taking the standby). 
 OK buddy, here you go.  Let's discuss first thing, before the day gets nuts.  Best, Jeff 
 Eric: Seems that the likelihood that the Governor will sign is about 100%. Jeff 
 FYI.  Seems that your info re: bailout is pretty good.  Thanks for the updates.  Best, Jeff 
 Sounds like the IOUs will get some financial support from Davis tomorrow (at least in words).  Best, Jeff 
 I would bet that our investor relations either have it, or can get from one of their analyst buddies.  You want to check on that?  Best, Jeff 
 Based on latest info hear's latest assessment of Gov's talk:  I'm in charge. Here's all the wonderful things I've done thus far to address the crisis (likely to include Edison TX talks, since it seems he has no choice but to continue that charade). It's bad and getting worse and we've got to pull together as a state to get through it. Rate increases are a necessary evil that---painful as they are, and they will be painful---must be part of the solution; and future increases may well be likely. Blame FERC and the generators, because it's their fault. Windfall profits is a good idea.   Kari Dohn of the Gov's office  and I have been trading voicemails.  She's going to LA with Governor Backbone later this afternoon for the speech.  If she and I hook up, I'll report back on what, if anything, I hear.  Best, Jeff 
 Will do.  You hear it from Sandi, who heard it from Bev, who heard it from Peace?  Or are there other sources confirming?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 04/05/2001 11:26 AM 
 10 AM California time.  He should call 415.782.7856. 
 HEADLINE: ?Calif. Governor To Address State  BYLINE: JENNIFER COLEMAN   DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.  BODY:  ???While Gov. Gray Davis prepared to speak to the state Thursday night about California's energy crisis, economic forecasters predicted the power crunch would lead to higher taxes and scrapped public projects.  ??Davis said Wednesday he hadn't written his five-minute address, but that he planned to discuss ''the progress that we've made and what we have to get through.''  ??Among other things, he was expected to talk about the more than 40 percent rate increases approved last week by the Public Utilities Commission for customers of the state's two largest utilities, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison Co. He has asked California television stations to carry his remarks live.  ??California has been hit with rolling blackouts and tight power supplies blamed in part on soaring wholesale electricity costs.  ??On Wednesday, the state got more bad economic news: The UCLA Anderson Business Forecast said Californians would face higher taxes and a tighter state budget because of the billions of state dollars being spent on emergency power. The blackouts and the state's scrutiny of private power suppliers also threaten to scare away new businesses, the report said.  ??Facing continued refusal from federal energy regulators to cap high energy prices, Davis said Wednesday he would be willing to support a windfall-profits tax on electric generators that have made a fortune selling power to California this year.  ??A bill to that effect was introduced Wednesday in the state Assembly. It would tax gross receipts that ''significantly exceed'' the cost of producing power and tax profits of power marketers who have bought power and later sold it at much higher rates.  ??''We continue to allow some electricity generators and middlemen to reap enormous profits on their sales of electricity into the state. This profiteering must stop,'' Democratic Assemblywoman Ellen Corbett said.  ??Duke Energy spokesman Tom Williams said he doubted a tax on a selected industry would be legal. He added that such a tax would discourage generators from building new power plants in California.  ??''The governor has made very clear that he is trying to do whatever he can to increase the amount of generation in California and reduce the price. Windfall-profits taxes do neither of these,'' Williams said.  ??Davis said he generally opposes treating profitable companies in that manner, ''but these profits are outrageous and are at our expense. The only things companies understand is leverage.''  ??For the first time, Davis also said the state should let companies buy their power from generators instead of going through the utilities.  ??The Utility Reform Network and the head of the PUC oppose the idea. They argue residential customers and small businesses unable to contract with generators would get stuck with the bill for the billions of dollars the state has and will spend buying electricity for the customers of the cash-strapped utilities.   HEADLINE: 'Chaos' in state electricity planning  BYLINE: By Rick Jurgens  BODY:  ??LOS ANGELES _ Two hundred of the finest economic minds in California gathered Wednesday at UCLA's Anderson School of Management to discuss the state's energy crisis but, as state Public Utilities Commission President Loretta Lynch spoke, the power to her microphone cut out intermittently and unexpectedly.  ??"I don't have any control over this," the beleaguered technician operating the sound system called out after repeated outages.  ??"I feel your pain," Lynch replied with a smile.  ??No one in the audience doubted that. After two rounds of rolling blackouts that state officials were powerless to prevent, Lynch last week led the commission to hike retail power rates 42 percent, sparking protests from consumer groups.  ??But at UCLA Lynch had power and natural gas producers in her sights. She promised to lead "a war against the sellers who are taking so much value out of the California economy and not adding a whit of value."  ??Lynch said she favored reinstatement of wholesale price caps that were ended by the Federal Energy Rate Commission in December but wasn't counting on that.  ??Even without those caps, she said she was optimistic that the state had enough tools to restrain price hikes by wholesalers and avoid another rate hike.  ??Those tools include conservation, purchases of long-term power contracts by the Department of Water Resources, utility cost cutting and making sure the small power producers known as qualifying facilities are online, she said.  ??Lynch dismissed the state's 1996 deregulation plan as a "failed experiment" and said she did not accept a questioner's premise that "true deregulation is our goal." The problem was that "the state stepped back too much" from management of the power system and that there had been "too much ideology and theory and not enough practical solutions," she added.  ??A panel of experts offered some grim predictions. "We are expecting severe difficulties for this summer and next summer," said Barry Sedlik, a Southern California Edison manager.  ??Mark Bernstein, an analyst with the Rand Corp. in Santa Monica, said the electricity problems are spreading. "This may go on for a while and it's not just California," he said. "In the near term we've got chaos," he added.  ??But he offered one macabre ray of hope. He said that federal policymakers may feel more urgency to step in if, as now appears possible, rolling blackouts occur in 2002 in Florida where, he didn't need to add, President Bush's brother is governor.  ??Problems with the transmission system there, as well as generation shortage, could hurt Florida but the state has enough time to avoid a crisis, he said in an interview. 
 easy, babe. 
 Yes, I think that we discussed this.  This is the KEY slide to combat Balkanization.  I'm working with Alan and Steve Walton on it.  Can you please check with Alan to see if Jennifer has completed, or will complete, the analysis soon?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 One obvious question that comes to mind is:  will the tax apply to the=20 "windfall" reaped by the utilities from their "retained" generation and wil= l=20 it also include state and federal "public" power authorities (e.g., LADWP,= =20 WAPA, etc.).  I don't think that the IOUs can absorb any more costs right= =20 about now.  Do we have any information on whether the Ds intend to grandstand this bill= =20 on the same dates that the "special" committee (Dunn?) will be holding its= =20 investigative hearings into wholesale power prices?  Best, Jeff 
 Thank god. 
          April 4 , 2001 Interested in subscribing to the Forecast? ?      UCLA FORECASTERS SEE NATIONAL RECESSION AS INEVITABLE IN 2001; CALIFORNIA WILL NOT BE IMMUNE, WITH BAY AREA VERY SUSCEPTIBLE      ? LOS ANGELES --Economists with the UCLA Anderson Business Forecast see even more clear indicators of a recession for the nation in 2001 and project a 90 percent chance that the nation's longest economic expansion will come to an end no later than the first quarter of 2002. "The year 2001 is a transition year that will take the U.S. economy from the Internet Rush of 1996-2000 to a lower level of sustainable economic growth in 2002," said Edward Leamer, UCLA Anderson Business Forecast director and Anderson School professor. However, getting from here to there will involve some painful adjustments, he warns, and "monetary medicine" from the Fed won't stop the pain this time. According to the econometric model used by UCLA's forecasters, the probability of a 2001 recession has increased nearly 30 percent since December 2000. Just three months ago, Dr. Leamer's forewarning of a recession was the most pessimistic -- and, as it turns out, the most accurate forecast made that quarter. "The expansion of 1999-2000 was driven by 'New Economy' investment opportunities. Firms rushed pell-mell to be the first kid on the block to have a cool website. Fear was a big motivator. Internet firms feared losing first-mover advantage. Bricks-and-mortar firms feared they would lose out to pure Internet business models. Almost every enterprise in the U.S. invested heavily in IT equipment and software, and hired the associated personnel," said Dr. Leamer. "Things are different now." The national recession and slowdown in investment in information technology and software has different implications for the principal regions of California. A recession is quite likely for the Bay Area, while Southern California will experience many economic stresses though skirting an outright recession. Dr. Tom Lieser, author of the California Forecast, expects to see a "high-tech" recession in California that will have a disproportionate impact on the San Francisco Bay Area. "We will most likely see not only a slowing of demand for electronics, communications equipment and related products, but also a weeding out of the less well-capitalized firms in these industries," said Dr. Lieser. The UCLA economist also expects a weak expansion in employment through 2002, with a corresponding rise in unemployment rates. A substantial slowdown in the California service sector -- a mainstay of the state's economic growth -- is also quite likely. "The strong increase in residential building permits seen during the November-January period will likely be short-lived," said Dr. Lieser. "We expect to see declining home prices in the Bay Area this year. Southern California will also experience slower home sales and a lower rate of price increases." Higher energy prices, the economists argue, may pose a greater problem for other states than for California, because of the state's lower per capita consumption. On a per capita basis, California ranked 49th out of 50 in electricity consumption and 26th in natural gas consumption, both in 1999. Even with the state's notorious dependence on the automobile, it still ranks only 15th out of the 47 reporting states in per capita gasoline consumption. And while the recent brownouts and blackouts may not perceptibly affect California incomes and employment in the short term, a prolonged electricity crisis could discourage business expansion significantly in the longer run. The UCLA Anderson Business Forecast is the most widely followed and often-cited forecast for the state of California, and was unique in predicting both the seriousness of the early-1990s downturn in California and Southern California, and the strength of the state economy's rebound since 1993. The Forecast was presented at an all-day conference at Korn Convocation Hall at The Anderson School at UCLA. In addition to providing the outlook for the state and national economy, the conference examined the economic impact of California's energy crisis through a series of panels led by some of the nation's most prominent authorities. Speakers included Loretta Lynch, president of the California Public Utilities Commission, Mark Bernstein, senior policy analyst at RAND Corporation, Barry Sedlik, manager, economic and business development, Southern California Edison, and Joseph M. Otting, executive vice president, Union Bank of California. 
 FYI:  The State Treasurer Phil Angelides announced that the melded interest rate on the bonds that he intends to issue (mix of taxable and tax-exempt) will be 5.38%. Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much, Scott. Appreciate it. Best, Jeff 
 ETI Update National PR campaign to push Enron policy agenda/commercial opportunties California Strategy Trip to Portland Analyst/Associate for SF GA? Gas Update Sempra Commercial update (Calger) 
 Great job.  Congratulations.  Jeff 
 Not that I've heard. I think that we'll have to wait for the public notice (which will provide the details) to determine that piece. 
 Poll thus far: Aron Thomas (AES) just decided not to file.  He made the decision after talking to Edison, who told him that Edison is going to suggest in its filing that the surcharge be applied--get this--to the PX credit; thus, ESPs would pay, but then get it back through the credit (can you say "poor quality receivables"?).  Aron feels that the issue should be figured out in work shops and the Commission should not decide it in the policy phase. Bill Booth (CLECA) is going to remain silent on the issue because he doesn't know what the position of his members is. Keith McCrae (CMA) is going to say that 1) the surcharge should not apply to direct acces customers and 2) the governor stated publicly that he supports direct access.  Jeanne's checking with the Industrial Users Group to see what they're going to say.  Since CMA is going to ask for clarification, I would suggest that we remain silent and focus on the other rate design/cost allocation issues, e.g., equity, no cross subsidies.  Thoughts?  I let you know what I hear back from Jeanne.  Best, Jeff 
 300 pm cdt works for me. 
 Sounds good. 
 Energy supply setback: Big generator can't be forced to sell emergency power to the state, a U.S. court rules. By Denny Walsh and Carrie Peyton BEE STAFF WRITERS (Published April 6, 2001) In a development that does not bode well for California's energy supply, a federal appellate court Thursday halted enforcement of a lower court order that a big electricity generator must sell emergency power to the state without guarantee of payment. State energy officials said the ruling wouldn't have any immediate effect but could precipitate a power emergency if the generator decided to take a plant off-line for maintenance. On March 21, citing "rolling blackouts (that have) darkened the California landscape," U.S. District Judge Frank C. Damrell Jr. imposed an injunction against Reliant Energy Services Inc., one of the nation's major generators. Houston-based Reliant controls approximately 3,800 megawatts, or about 20 percent, of the gas-fired generation capacity in the state, and Damrell found that loss of that production "poses an imminent threat." But Thursday, a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals granted an emergency stay of the injunction, saying Reliant has shown "a high likelihood of success on the merits" of its appeal. While not spelling it out, the panel apparently bases its finding on the question of the courts' jurisdiction over the energy market. The panel directed that a hearing on the appeal be scheduled for the second week in July. The decision leaves California's electric grid more fragile, at least temporarily, according to the state Independent System Operator, which maintains and controls power transmissions. It gives the agency no immediate recourse if Reliant chooses to shut down any of its plants for maintenance, said ISO Vice President Jim Detmers. "It's not going to change anything overnight, and it's not going to change anything over the weekend," said Detmers. "But if Reliant decided on a unilateral action to take their units off for maintenance ... we definitely could have a system emergency." Reliant officials, when told of the ruling, took a conciliatory tone but declined to specify their next move. "Reliant ... has pledged to keep the lights on in California," said company lobbyist Marty Wilson, and "is still of a mind to want to cooperate." Without further comment, the appeals court judges cited a 1980 U.S. District Court decision. In that case, 14 cities sued Florida Power and Light Co., alleging that it was violating a number of laws in its sales of power and production of electricity. The judge found, however, that the Federal Power Act reserves oversight of interstate utilities exclusively to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. He ruled that only the commission may bring an action involving energy sales into federal court -- unless it is a request to review a commission order, and that goes directly to an appellate court. The lawsuit before Damrell was brought by the ISO to force Reliant and two other generators to respond to ISO's emergency orders for power, even though the agency is buying on behalf of two retailers that are broke and hopelessly in debt. Because Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison can't pay their bills -- about $14 billion -- some wholesalers want to cut off sales to the utilities. The other three defendants in the ISO's suit -- Dynegy Power Corp. of Houston and Tulsa-based AES Corp. and its marketer, Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co. -- have entered into written agreements with ISO to continue supplying emergency power until the FERC decides whether they are required to sell to companies that are not creditworthy. But Charles Robinson, ISO general counsel, points out that the generators can rescind those agreements with 48 hours' notice. "My hope is this is a temporary setback," said Robinson. He added, however, that the practical effect is "at least for now, we don't have a tool to compel them to do what we believe they're obligated to do" -- respond to emergency demands for power. Reliant has insisted since the suit was filed Feb. 6 that Damrell has no jurisdiction over the rate schedules that govern dealings between generators and the ISO, and that the Federal Power Act mandates that the FERC must settle any disputes about terms of those tariffs. In issuing the injunction, Damrell acknowledged that the FERC has special expertise concerning agreements between generators and ISO. "Absent the extreme exigencies of the California power crisis, the court agrees that a stay pending further action by the FERC would be proper," he said. "But those are not the facts here. Electricity is in critically short supply. The health and safety of the people of California are potentially at risk." Immediately upon receiving the 9th Circuit's order Thursday, attorneys for the ISO asked Damrell to set an accelerated schedule for its motion to amend the suit. The agency apparently has crafted a new complaint stressing its view that the matter is an ordinary contract dispute over which the judge has jurisdiction. Damrell scheduled a hearing on the motion for Thursday. In a further development that could complicate the state's dire need for energy, an alternative supplier won a court fight Thursday to bypass the big utilities and sell its power on the open market. Timber giant Sierra Pacific Industries, which operates four biomass plants that produce power for PG&E, obtained a temporary restraining order in Sacramento Superior Court that says Sierra Pacific is not required to sell its power to PG&E. The ruling means PG&E and Southern Edison could lose power as alternative energy generators, fed up with months of nonpayment, sue to be able to sell their comparatively cheap product elsewhere, including outside the state. 
 Thanks.  Where'd you hear and do you have any more info?  Best, Jeff    Ken Gustafson@EES 04/06/2001 11:34 AM 
 Hi.  FYI.  Yesterday a deal was submitted to the California Commission (without just about everyone in the industry signing) to restructure Socalgas.  More details to come, but wanted to give a flavor, knowing that you're actively engaged in negotiations.  Assuming a 10.01.00 approval date by the Commission: 90 days after approval Windowing process replaced with OFO system Interstate capacity unbundled for core customers  effective April 2001: Ability to balance using 3rd party provider Open season for Socal storage Secondary market for storage (using Alltrade if want to) Trade OFO imbalances and imbalance rights (using Alltrade if want to )  effective Octover 2001: Open season for Socal intrastate capacity Secondary market for intrastate capacity (using Alltrade if want to) Pooling at new city gates 
 Greetings.  Just wanted to let you know that I've dropped Product Management, E262A-1.  So I can be removed from the list.  Thank you. 
 You like to handle, or would you like me to?    Marianne Castano@EES 09/27/2000 09:01 AM 
 FYI.  ******************************************************** Reuters -& CNBC  *PG&E <PCG.N> SAYS PACIFIC G&E FILED FOR CHAPTER 11 VOLUNTARY BANKRUPTCY RELIEF   NEW YORK, April 6 (Reuters) - Pacific Gas & Electric Co., which is California's largest investor-owned utility and has been struggling with that state's power crisis, said on Friday it filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of California.  Trading was halted in PG&E shares on the New York Stock Exchange before the filing. They last traded at $11.36, down 2 cents.  The Chapter 11 filing was disclosed in mirror filings by the utility and its parent, San Francisco-based PG&E Corp. <PCG.N>, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The utility said in the filing that it "retains control of its assets and is authorized to operate its business as a debtor in possession while being subject to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court."  A 1996 state utility law deregulated wholesale prices but capped retail prices. Pacific G&E has said it accumulated more than $8.9 billion of back debts because a rate freeze prevents it from passing on its soaring wholesale power costs to consumers.    ADVISORY/Pacific Gas and Electric Company to Hold Media Teleco OTC HALT <PCG.N> NEWS PENDING LAST $11.36 
 We'll make up the difference for you and Eldon.  Prentice is doing some independent research.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/06/2001 12:00 PM 
 FYI, I've faxed PG&E's filing to Rick Shapiro.  If others don't have it and want it, let me know and I'll fax it.  The filing's brief--about 10 pages--with more detail apparently to be filed.  It lists the top 20 creditors.  The only ENE listing in the filing is ENE Canada at $28M.  The other thing that Governor and his PUC could have done many months ago was realign rates to more accurately reflect the real cost of power.  That arguably was a key determinant driving PG&E to Bankruptcy.  Jeff    Eric Thode 04/06/2001 01:37 PM 
 deadline is monday for the story. 
 FYI. 
 thoughts?    JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 09/27/2000 11:16 AM 
 Great.  Thanks. 
 Enron to cut one-fifth of jobs at broadband unit.  04/06/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001.  HOUSTON, April 6 (Reuters) - Energy trading giant Enron Corp. said on Friday it will eliminate some 250, or roughly 20 percent, of the jobs at its broadband telecommunications unit, detailing a move which it has previously described as an internal redeployment of staff. Enron Broadband Services spokeswoman Kelly Kimberly said the company is cutting jobs at the unit, which now employs 1,150 people, because it has completed the build-out of its 18,000-mile (29,000 km) fiber-optic network and because of slow demand for streaming media products delivered to personal computers. "The network is substantially complete now, so that means fewer people are required for technical positions," she said. The job cuts also reflect Enron Broadband's decision to play a less active role in the market for streaming media services, such as video of corporate events delivered to personal computers, where demand had been slower than expected, she said. However, Kimberly said Enron Broadband will continue to pursue entertainment-on-demand services actively. Kimberly said employees whose jobs are being eliminated will be eligible for redeployment to other positions at Enron Broadband Services or other Enron units, although there could be some involuntary terminations. Previously Enron officials had dismissed rumors about job cuts at Enron Broadband Services and had spoken instead of an internal redeployment of staff within the unit without detailing its impact on overall employment there. The company's stock, which peaked at just above $90 last year and was trading in the $80s as recently as mid-February, has recently fallen into the $50s in line with broader weakness in the stock market and among technology and telecommunications stocks in particular. On Friday it was up 95 cents at $56.65. Since early last year Enron has been building a high-speed broadband communications network that it plans to use as a base to build a bandwidth marketing and trading business similar to its huge natural gas and electricity trading operation. Excitement among investors about the broadband business and about Enron's success in developing a strong Internet-based trading platform for energy and other commodities drove an 87 percent rise in the company's share price last year, outpacing a gain of 54 percent for the S&P utilities index. Kimberly said Enron's bandwidth trading operation is continuing to perform strongly, with more than 500 trades carried out in the first quarter, exceeding the total for all of 2000. Despite the jobs cuts at Enron Broadband, she said, the unit is recruiting to fill some other positions. 
 This thing's been floating around the web for a while.  Show's what's wrong with good ol' California.  To wit:  We want federal water subsidies so we can kill the fish and grow rice and grapefruit in the desert ("and we'll keep it all for us?"). Let's drive our freakin' gas-guzzlin' SUVs all over, but hey, who needs to invest in roads; and somebody else come quick and clean up our air from all those emissions. And we're 49th in the nation for spending on education.  Great stuff. Now, we've decided we want other state's with less sophisticated people (in places like Nevada, Montana, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico) to build power plants (and pollution) in their states to feed electricity, and dam their rivers and kill their salmon so that we can heat our hot tubs and STILL pay 3 cents a kilowatt hour. And oh, by the way, it's federal taxes and the military industrial complex which has funded CA's weapons industry and communications industry.  As no big fan of the military industrial comples, I'm just crying crocodile tears.  Generally the kind of self-righteous doo-doo that turns people off to what is an otherwise great place to be.  Yours in tender diatribes, Jeff  PS Scott, I think that you're absolutely right:  drilling in the Arctic Refuge in good for America....    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/06/2001 03:12 PM 
 Greetings Diane:  Disappointed to see that Rich Lyons isn't teaching in the Fall.  Will he be teaching in the Spring?  Best, Jeff 
 Greeatings Tom:  I'm looking at hard copies of documents titled:  Emergency Measures for Western Power Markets Possible Western electricity emergency plan elements   Could you send me electronic versions?  Much appreciated.  I'll get back to you with more siting information (per your email) on Monday.  Best, Jeff 
 Janel:  My apologies.  PG&E declared bankruptcy today, and, well, things got hectic. Here are some materials that might be helpful for chronology. Let me know if you need more, etc.  Best, Jeff 
 I've focused my attention on editing the outline, which is about 60-75% complete.  Haven't touched the slides---they'll require substantially more work; but we shouldn't have any problem putting it to bed by end of next week.  Have a good weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Mike:  What are your thoughts on this? 
 you bet.  you're on.  best, Jeff 
 NEWSMAKER PROFILE Dennis Montali Bankruptcy Judge Faces Challenge of His Career Well-known expert in complex cases Harriet Chiang, Chronicle Legal Affairs Writer Saturday, April 7, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/04/07/M N180032.DTL A veteran federal bankruptcy judge in San Francisco now is calling the shots in California's long, drawn-out power crisis. Judge Dennis Montali has spent eight years helping financially ailing dot- coms, consumers and corporations get back on their financial feet. Now he is about to take on the biggest case of his career, and lawyers say that he is relishing the challenge. "He's one of the best judges in the country," said Lawrence Goldberg, a San Francisco bankruptcy lawyer with Goldberg, Stinnett, Meyers & Davis. "He loves his job and he loves this kind of combat when lawyers come to court." Montali, 60, has built a reputation as a hard-working, enthusiastic judge who often knows the facts of a case better than the lawyers. He is a scholar of bankruptcy law, having lectured and written law review articles. The more complicated the case, lawyers say, the more energized he becomes. On a personal level, he can strike the fine balance between the demands of the commercial world and the plight of the consumer trying to overcome a mountain of credit card debts, lawyers say. "He's an excellent draw for the case," said bankruptcy lawyer Shawn Christianson, with Buchalter, Nemer, Fields & Younger. She said that Montali has a combination of pragmatism, intellect and experience that will help him understand the problems of all those involved in this statewide crisis. Tall and lanky with a handle-bar mustache, Montali is a native of the Bay Area. Born in San Francisco, his father worked as a liquor distributor and later founded Montali Winery -- later Audubon Cellars -- in Berkeley. The young Montali earned his undergraduate degree from Notre Dame University and then entered the Navy to fulfill a Reserve Officers Training Corps commitment. After his discharge in 1965, he entered the University of California's Boalt School of Law in Berkeley and earned his law degree in 1968. He joined the law firm of Rothschild and Phelan in San Francisco and quickly developed a specialty in bankruptcy law. By the time he joined the legal giant Pillsbury, Madison & Sutro in 1980 he was an established expert. While he represented debtors early on in his career, he became a creditor's attorney at Pillsbury and quickly built a national reputation for his knowledge and his active role in the bankruptcy law community. In 1993, the U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco chose him for an opening on the federal bankruptcy court in Northern California. One of two bankruptcy judges in San Francisco, he has become an expert in doing emergency surgery on companies in critical condition, able to deal with crises quickly and with few complications. He has gained national prominence as a member of the National Conference of Bankruptcy Judges and the American College of Bankruptcy. He also was rewarded with an appointment to the bankruptcy appellate panel. When he's not bailing out a company, he spends his off hours cooking Italian food at his Berkeley home with his wife, Mary. He also loves to sail, walk his dog and spend time with his granddaughter. "He's going to put his heart into this one," said Larry Engel, a veteran bankruptcy lawyer with San Francisco's Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison. "He's got the respect of everyone in terms of his fairness and diligence." "California," he added, "is in really good hands in having the case with him." E-mail Harriet Chiang at hchiang@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 3 When to Hold 'Em, Fold 'Em: It might be a long time before PG&E shares rebound Kathleen Pender Saturday, April 7, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/04/07/B U172804.DTL  If you own PG&E stock, you really need to ask yourself whether you're prepared to endure the agony of the next few years. When companies go bankrupt, common stockholders are the last to be paid, after trade, secured and unsecured creditors. Because there are usually not enough assets to pay off all those creditors in full, in many cases the creditors give up part of their claims in exchange for stock in the reorganized company that emerges from bankruptcy. This vastly dilutes the ownership stake of existing shareholders. In many cases, the original shareholders end up with a small fraction of stock in the reorganized company. And that's after a protracted court proceeding that could take two to five years. During that period, there's little reason for the stock to rise. Although it was Pacific Gas & Electric -- PG&E Corp.'s utility subsidiary -- that filed for bankruptcy yesterday, stock in the parent company fell $4.18 per share to $7.20, and most Wall Street investors see little hope for a quick rebound. "This is going to be a long, drawn-out process," says Claude Cody, manager of AIM Global Utilities Fund, which owns stock in PG&E. "There is going to be negative news and positive news, and generally the negative news comes out first." Cody explains that when a company is in bankruptcy, the flow of information slows down. Many institutional investors won't own stock in a bankrupt company, and analysts stop following it. All the usual methods of valuing a stock, such as price-earnings ratios, become meaningless. Companies in bankruptcy hardly ever pay dividends. PG&E has already suspended its dividend and won't pay one as long as the utility is in bankruptcy. That's hard on people such as Lee Fischer of San Bruno, who bought PG&E stock 20 years ago. Fischer, 72, says PG&E accounted for about 15 percent of the stock dividends he depends on for retirement income. "Everybody said, 'Buy utilities, buy oil, they're always going to be there, ' " he says. "I'm pretty upset with our governor. I'm mad at PG&E. They're making decisions we have no control over. I'm already losing the money I'm putting into my monthly (utility) bills. It's not fair. My emotions are running rampant at this point." There are some reasons Fischer and other PG&E shareholders could fare better than most stockholders involved in a typical bankruptcy. For one thing, shareholders own stock in the parent company, which has some unregulated energy assets that could provide cash flow and some support for the stock price, provided that creditors of the utility can't seize the assets of the unregulated subsidiary. PG&E has taken steps to prevent that, but those steps are sure to be challenged in court -- a process that could add to the length and complexity of the utility's bankruptcy proceeding. "In most bankruptcy cases, you don't have this two-sided isolation. Shareholders are not getting money from a solvent side while there's an insolvent side," says Lynn LoPucki, a law professor with the University of California at Los Angeles. Given its size, stature, the essential nature of its product and its importance to the state's economy, some experts say PG&E's bankruptcy could be resolved relatively quickly -- maybe in two years instead of three. For the very same reasons, others say it will bog down. PG&E stock is down 77 percent from its high last September. But that doesn't mean it can't go lower. Walter Torous, a finance professor at the Anderson School of Management at UCLA, has studied what happens to stocks after bankruptcies and found that on average, they don't do well. "You'd think that if a company announces bankruptcy it takes a one-time hit. But it continues to underperform badly over the long term. The market doesn't seem to quickly incorporate this bad news," says Torous. Torous tracked 78 large companies that filed for bankruptcy between 1979 and 1983. He found that during the first year after they filed, their stocks trailed the overall market by 38 percentage points. Over two years, they underperformed by 57 percentage points. Over three years, they trailed by almost 100 percentage points. (He explains that if the market went up 50 percent and the bankrupt stocks went down by 50 percent, they would trail by 100 percentage points). Torous says that because the companies he studied all went bankrupt around the same time, they might not be representative of companies going bankrupt during other periods. Marty Whitman, manager of the Third Avenue Value Fund, points out that in past utility bankruptcies -- such as Public Service Co. of New Hampshire and Northeast Utilities -- shareholders who held on came out well, after a number of years. "In other utility bankruptcies, they've all been reorganized on the backs of the ratepayers and taxpayers," he says. Whitman, who doesn't own PG&E stock but does own secured bonds in the utility, was irate yesterday that PG&E didn't "prepackage" its bankruptcy. That would have involved getting all the parties involved to agree to a reorganization plan before filing for bankruptcy. "If they did it preplanned, they could be in and out (of bankruptcy) in six months," Whitman says. Instead, he says it could take two to three years. Mark Luftig, co-manager of the Strong American Utilities Fund, does not own the stock and considers it a highly speculative investment. "If you can put it away for three years, there's an above-average chance you'll get an above- average return," says Luftig. "Will you miss a lot of sleep in the meantime? Probably." MOODY'S GROWS NERVOUS: Debt-rating agency Moody's said yesterday that it changed its outlook on the state of California's general obligation bonds to negative from stable, "reflecting our view that the deepening electric power crisis -- compounded by (yesterday's) bankruptcy filing by Pacific Gas & Electric Co. -- has increased the risks to the state's otherwise strong fiscal and economic condition." Moody's is the second bond-rating agency to warn that it might downgrade the state's credit rating because of the power crisis. In January, Standard & Poor's put the state's credit rating, currently AA, on "CreditWatch" with negative implications. Net Worth runs Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays. E-mail Kathleen Pender at kpender@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page D - 1 
 Kern Gets Speedy OK; Breathitt Questions Action FERC moved with record speed to issue a certificate last week to Kern River Gas Transmission for its 135 MMcf/d, mostly compression, expansion to the natural gas-starved California market, but not all of the commissioners were happy with the expedited manner in which the project was approved. "The speed with which the Commission has acted in this proceeding is something which will no doubt be touted as a great effort," but the "precedent we have created could be a double-edged sword," warned Commissioner Linda Breathitt in a partial dissent of the decision. Although she voted in favor of the certificate in the end, she questioned whether FERC "should...be willing to sacrifice careful review for speedy action." Breathitt further said she seriously doubted the so-called California Action expansion of the 900-mile,Wyoming-to-California Kern River system merited the "extraordinary regulatory treatment" that the Commission gave it. Critics claim that the $81 million project will not flow any more gas to the Wheeler Ridge Interconnection in California than is currently available there, she noted, adding that it would simply displace existing gas. "...[I]t will not necessarily result in any net increase of natural gas in the California marketplace. This makes it difficult to understand just how our approval of Kern River's proposal is going to assist in increasing electric generation in California this summer," Breathitt said. If anything, she noted the project could make the congestion problem at Wheeler Ridge even worse than it is. There should have been a "fuller airing of this issue" at FERC before the project was certificated, she noted. "It would be counterproductive for this Commission to act precipitously on projects related to California without ensuring that they will, in reality, benefit specific markets --- and more importantly, that they will cause no further harm." The Commission majority, however, readily dismissed protests of Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E), Southern California Gas and other California customers, that claim the Kern River expansion would degrade service to existing customers. They requested that existing customers be given priority over expansion shippers. "We conclude that the California Action Project will not have undue negative impacts on existing shippers or competing pripelines," the order said [CP01-106. For starters, "the record does not show that pro-rata allocations of primary firm capacity have been a problem at Wheeler Ridge." Kern River reports that the aggregate primary firm delivery rights of its shippers at Wheeler Ridge will increase to about 527 MMcf/d from 450 MMcf/d as a result of this project. At the same time, the design delivery capacity at the Wheeler Ridge Meter Station will be increased to about 800 MMcf/d from 598 MMcf/d to accommodate existing shippers, new expansion shippers and Mojave Pipeline shippers, it noted. "Therefore, the expanded delivery point capacity at Wheeler Ridge will be greater than the sum of the combined Kern River and Mojave contract volumes. The Commission recognizes that this does not factor in the volumes attributable to both PG&E and local production that are also delivered to Wheeler Ridge. However, our emphasis is on Kern River being able to provide sufficient delivery point capacity for its customers," the order said. "The solution to the problem of pro-rata allocations of any services at Wheeler Ridge lies not with the interstate pipelines, but rather in fixing the problem with the take-away capacity and the lack of firm transportation path rights on SoCalGas, a matter which is beyond our jurisdiction." The project would increase the "limited-term, incremental transportation capacity" of Kern River by 135 MMcf/d from Wyoming to California to help address the urgent need for additional gas in the West. An estimated 53,900 horsepower would be added to the pipeline, including three new compressor stations, and upgraded facilities at three existing compressor stations and an existing meter station. The project, which has been fully subscribed, has a targeted in-service date of July 1 of this year. Kern River plans to use a mix of permanent and temporary facilities on the project, with the temporary facilities intended to be subsequently replaced by permanent 2002 California Expansion Project facilities (which is pending at FERC), and the permanent facilities to be incorporated into the design of the pipeline's 2002 and 2003 California Expansion Projects. The 2003 project recently went through an open season 
 Hmm. Interesting.  Thanks for the info.  Do we know who got to Breathitt? Forgive me, but what time did we pick to talk today?  And will you call me?  Best, Jeff 
 Hey buddy.  The first hearing in the ch. 11 is today.  Is one of our agenda items to make sure that someone's attending any such hearings and reporting back?  Best, Jeff 
 you know, i'm afraid to say that I have no idea.....    Paul Kaufman@ECT 04/09/2001 10:14 AM 
 Sorry, thought that he'd been added. 
 Unless Cisco did a complete 180, they are opposed to the plant.  Give a call if you want to talk more about siting in CA.  415.782.7822. Best, Jeff 
 I'll take a look.  You listen in on the call? 
 call 415.782.7856 at 10 AM. 
 In SF all week. 
 you didn't send me the version of the PP presentation that you sent Rick and Steffes on Friday.  To work on it, I need a copy.  Can you send it when you can?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 My apologies.  Just been "ordered" to be on a 1 PM (PDT) call.  Possible to do our call at 2:30 Houston time.  Sorry about that.  Best, Jeff    Jeffery Fawcett/ENRON@enronxgate 04/09/2001 10:34 AM 
 Most interesting.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 I forget.  What's the Governor of Montana's position on price caps in the= =20 West?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks much.  Sorry for being such a loser when it comes to calls these days. Best, Jeff 
 I need to send a copy of a report to:  Greg Blue Dynegy 5976 W. Las Positas Blvd. Suite 200 Pleasanton, CA  94588  Could you stop by and pick it up when you get a minute?  Thanks a million.  Jeff 
 Thanks a bunch. 
 Ralph teaches at Stanford Law on Mondays.  Left him a message.  I'll get back when he returns my call.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you. 
 got it.  haas mix up.  i'll make the calls.  Best, Jeff 
 "The Impact of Retail Rate Deregulation on Electricity Consumption in San Diego" (April 2001) PWP-082 by James B. Bushnell and Erin T. Mansur Retail electricity rates in the San Diego Gas & Electric service territory more than doubled over a period of three months during the summer of 2000. Much of this increase was subsequently rescinded through a retroactive rate freeze. We examine the impact of these events on overall consumption levels in San Diego. We find that average electricity consumption decreased by roughly 55 MW, or 1.6%, between mid-July and the end of August. Demand was reduced by over 6% in the late afternoon and late evening. Because of the uncertainty about the duration and the credibility of the rate increase, these results should be viewed as a lower bound on the demand reductions that could be achieved through pricing incentives.  Download this paper in Adobe Acrobat format: http://www.ucei.org/PDF/pwp082.pdf 
 computer lab for modeling.  same thing this thursday.  Here's some stuff I worked on over the weekend.  OAT's balance sheet and income statement and common-sized.  Haven't put together the cash flow yet. Please take a look.  Really wanted to get something in a file for folks to start looking at so that, together with the materials Anil and Carolyn have pulled together, we can start filling in our assumptions and doing some valuations.  I can do the same for Coke and Pepsi.  Take a peek and let's try to discuss by email.  Or I'm up for a conference call tomorrow or Wednesday (or a meeting in person) if you folks are game.  Best, Jeff      "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/09/2001 11:20 AM 
 SB 43 has NOT been signed yet. 
 John:  I'm not sure how to read it, but it certainly doesn't seem=20 encouraging.  I'll try to find out more tomorrow.  Best, Jef  The following is an outline of the basic terms of the Southern California= =20 Edison Memorandum of Understanding:  ? Commitment to Provide Power =01) SCE will keep its current generation pla= nts=20 and other generation assets and commit them to provide power on a regulated= =20 cost-of-service basis for 10 years. ? Dedication of Power =01) Edison International will commit the entire outp= ut of=20 Sunrise (one of Edison International=01,s non-regulated generating faciliti= es)=20 to the State on a fixed price basis for 10 years. Phase I of Sunrise is to = be=20 brought online by August 15, 2001. If not brought online by August 15, 2001= ,=20 Edison International shall be assessed a $2 million penalty. ? Transmission Sale =01) SCE will sell to the State its transmission assets= for=20 approximately $2.76 billion (2.3 times the net book value of the assets),= =20 subject to certain adjustments. Of the $2.76 billion, the $1.5 billion gain= =20 on sale, will be used to reduce SCE=01,s net undercollected amount as of Ja= nuary=20 31, 2001. In connection with the purchase, the State will also assume certa= in=20 liabilities associated with the transmission assets. ? Backup Transaction =01) If the transmission sale does not occur within tw= o=20 years for reasons beyond the parties=01, control, then if the State elects,= SCE=20 shall sell to the State SCE=01,s hydro generation assets. If the hydro asse= ts=20 are not worth $1.5 billion, then SCE will also sell the state after Decembe= r=20 31, 2010 enough below-market-price-power to make up the shortfall. ? Conservation Property =01) SCE shall grant perpetual conservation easemen= ts to=20 the State covering approximately 260,000 acres of its Big Creek hydroelectr= ic=20 related lands and 825 acres of its Eastern Sierra hydroelectric related=20 lands.  Some of the land may be deeded in fee. ? Contribution by Edison International =01) Edison International will refun= d to=20 SCE not less than $400 million.  This money will consist of a refund of=20 approximately $293 million in estimated 2000 quarterly tax payments plus=20 approximately $197 million in federal loss carryback tax savings. ? Investment =01) Edison International and SCE will invest not less than $3= =20 billion over the next 5 years in capital improvements for SCE. ? Litigation =01) SCE shall dismiss certain claims, including its takings a= nd=20 filed rate doctrine cases. ? CPUC Regulation =01) CPUC shall continue to regulate SCE using historical= =20 principles of ratemaking. ? Payment for Portion of QF Drop-off =01) SCE shall pay an amount that=20 represents that portion of the net short from January 18, 2001 to April 1,= =20 2001 that is attributable to QF=01,s not selling to SCE (due to SCE=01,s fa= ilure to=20 pay the QF=01,s).  SCE will securitize this amount. ? Securitization =01) SCE shall securitize its full net undercollected amou= nt=20 (approx. $3.5 billion).  The securitization shall occur in two tranches (i.= e.=20 two different nonbypassable dedicated rate components).  ? The first tranche will occur after the passage of legislation and the=20 signing of the definitive agreements and will cover the net undercollected= =20 amount, less the gain on sale, plus interest on certain obligations in the= =20 net undercollected amount. ? The second tranche would be triggered if the transmission sale does not= =20 occur within two years.  Accordingly, the second tranche would not show up = in=20 rates for two years, if at all.  ? Buying the Net Short =01) The State will be required to buy the net short= =20 through December 31, 2002.  After 2002 SCE will be responsible for covering= =20 the net short. ? Investment Recovery =01) SCE shall have an authorized rate of return that= will=20 not drop below its current rte (11.6%) during the 10 year cost of service= =20 ratemaking period. ? Next Steps (Definitive Agreements and CPUC Action):  ? Definitive Agreements =01) Once the MOU is signed, the next stage is to= =20 negotiate definitive agreements which contain the specific terms of the=20 transmission sale, as well as the specific terms of the various other relat= ed=20 agreements (e.g., the O&M Agreement, Transmission Services Agreement and th= e=20 Facilities Services Agreement). ? CPUC Action =01) Prior to entering into the definitive agreements, the CP= UC=20 must undertake certain actions (which include: establishing mechanisms for= =20 preapproval of procurement costs and URG costs, deferring SCE=01,s general = rate=20 case until 2003, granting SCE some relief from direct access credits and=20 clarifying the first priority condition in the holding company act). 
 Works for me, but I have class on Thursday and will have to leave at 5 PM. That work?  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman@ECT 04/09/2001 07:39 PM 
 And comments of other participants to the AB 1890 deal would also be very helpful (like Steve Peace and customer groups).  Ought to show why Glynn's making comments like "we don't want to overanalyze the old deal."    Steven J Kean Sent by: Steven J Kean 09/27/2000 11:50 AM 
 Folks in Sacramento said that they haven't heard anything about it and aren't inclined to inquire.  It's about 99% certain that we'll be "invited" to appear before the committee that's doing the wholesale price investigations, however, and very likely that we'll be served with a substantial number of questions in advance of that appearance.  I'll stay on top of it and let you know just as soon as I do.  If there's anything else, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff    Lisa Yoho 04/10/2001 08:58 AM 
 Greetings.  I had a blast skiing--been way to long.  I haven't called Ashish.  I'll pick someone off of your list to call.  Hope to see you soon.  Best, Jeff    DShah@levi.com 04/09/2001 05:51 PM 
 Here's how I think this thing has played (is playing) out:  PG&E was very tactical. They knew that the Edison deal was imminent. They see the Edison deal as extremely adverse to their interests. They feared that the pressure on them to do the same deal would be enormous once the Governor announced the Edison deal. Thus, in an incredibly dramatic attempt to pre-empt the possibility that they'd have to accept the Edison deal, PG&E threw itself into bankruptcy. (Preemption seems to have been very successful, at least at this point.) So I think that they wanted everyone to know, including Wall Street and the Governor, that the decision's been made---they're going the way of Ch. 11, not the way of J. Bryson and Edison.  This make sense?  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 04/10/2001 10:22 AM 
 FYI.  PCG is up $1.6 as we speak. 
 Hi.  Any word on the mower? 
 very sorry.  hang in there. 
 Here are the components as I see them:  1999 numbers for C&I are fine; I'd do 10%, 15%, 20% reductions. Assume C&I takes its proportionate share of the DWR's net short (i.e., if C&I is 2/3 of load, then 2/3 of CDW purchases should go to C&I) You can use the average price used in the DWR presentation to Legislators to the $ amount.  The copy I've got sez that the average price for the first 5 years is $79/MWH.  That seems like the # we ought to use. Now the hard part.  The state reportedly sez that they aren't buying the entire net short---only that part that they feel like covering.  So how do we factor that in?  Not sure that we can get detailed data (but check with Alan Comnes, who might be able to provide ISO real time prices (which is where the net short (of the net short) is being filled ISO---the ISO then sends that bill to PG&E. An easier way might be to use PG&E's numbers.  In their bankruptcy announcement, PG&E sez that it's been costing them $300MM per month ($300MM * 0.67 * 0.10 =~$20MM).  We could scale this number up to account for summer purchases. Alternatively, we could use ENA's forward curve.   This is very quick and dirty (apologies) and I may have gotten something very wrong.  If I've got any fatal flaws in the thinking (which happens often), please point them out.  And if you have any questions, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff       Jennifer Thome 04/10/2001 12:17 PM 
 God help us. 
 Works for me. 
 That is so cool. Congratulations.  That ain't an easy job (you know how traders are); but you'll do great.  Where's Christi going?  Best, Jeff 
 Cool.  This is in Baja?  Can we get pictures?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 09/27/2000 03:26 PM 
 Scott/Cameron:  OK, wondering why there ain't no charges on your credit card from our FABULOUS trip to Squaw Valley?  I just found out that they're all on mine!!?!?!?   I had the best time up there, but I couldn't figure out how it coulda cost $1700.  Just called them to inquire.  They said:  There's no mistake those are all the carges for rooms 432 and 450.  They're sending receipts.  Unreal.  Best, Jeff 
 Worry not. Great deal. Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Any idea of what time it will air? 
 Not a problem.  Just couldn't believe  that they screwed it up so much. There's 3 ft of new power at Squaw!!!! 
 Hi:  Could you send me a copy of the Trustee letter?  Email would be great; otherwise, fax is 415.782.7854.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 where've we been?  where've you been?  really only stay at my house on school nites (monday/thursday). will be chez toi tonite.  would LOVE to go back this weekend (it's gorgeous---TONS of iris, apple blossoms, wild flowers, etc.), but alas, we promised you're folks we'd plant tomatoes this weekend.  I'm going to put down nice gravely rock around the beds, so it looks more like Italy, or France or something and we don't get all the weeds.  Sorry about S.D., but it will be super nice down there.  Be sure to go to Black's Beach. And golf and Torrey Pines.  See you tonite?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 04/10/2001 02:35 PM 
 No problem.  Worry not. 
 lemme guess.  you were a standup comic in another life? 
 I was afraid you'd ask that.  Don't know the exact number, but I'm assuming that it's a whole heckuvalot less than the May 1-December 31 exposure.  Best, Jeff    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 04/10/2001 03:46 PM 
 Thanks.  FYI.  The Negative PX Credit language in the MOU reads (on p.31):  "the CPUC Implementing Decisions shall include  Orders resolving the responsibility of SCE to provide credits to direct access customers in respect of electricity deliveries after December 31, 2000 in respects which do not result in any material financial detriment to SCE; "  Could go several different ways, but arguably could be read to say that SCE will make good on credits up to 12.31.2000.  If that were the case, I'm assuming that about 75-90% of our exposure would be covered?  Best, Jeff 
 Eldoni:  I'm assuming, since I haven't heard back, that we're going to take a pass this time on the Dome road, and perhaps have Jeff Green do it another time? If I'm incorrect, we'll need to get things squared away, like today.  Let me know, Jeff 
 Ouch. 
 So it could be one way or the other...    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 04/10/2001 04:05 PM 
 Greetings:  Sue Landwehr will be sending around a more comprehensive summary of what happened at today's FERC hearnig in Boise but asked me to pass along the following.  Each state was only allowed to have two people at the table.  For California it was Assembly Speaker Hertzberg and Geoff Brown (newly appointed CA PUC Commissioner).  Hertzberg did a credible, matter-of-fact job of explaining what California's doing to resolve the crisis (nice to know that there's someone out there who can explain what the heck California's doing).  Hertzberg then asked that FERC do "its part" by imposing price caps in Western wholesale markets.  Hertzberg didn't mention the PG&E bankruptcy or Davis' deal with Edison.  Overall, the "no price cap" message won the day (though Breathitt seems to be under considerable pressure to give in to caps).  The Governor of Arizona (Jane Hull) had a staffer deliver a letter signed by 9 republicant governors opposing price caps.  Sue will be distributing the letter.  Best, Jeff 
 Not a problem.  There's 3 feet of power at Squaw.  The interest on the charges was $500.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/10/2001 06:01 PM 
 Hi Hedy, Scott, Sandi:  Any news on signing of SB 43? Eric Letke mentioned that Sony--a potential customer--told him that the Governor signed it on Friday and that they (Sony) had a representative at the signing.  Any news would be great.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry, I can't, for the life of me, get your email address right.  My apologies.  Best, Jeff 
 You really know how to hurt a guy.  Best, Jeff    Mark Schroeder@ECT 04/10/2001 11:19 AM 
 Greetings: Let's talk more about ENA's position on Kern.  And I'll fill you in on Gas Accord extension.  It's been on-again-off-again with PG&E.  I can give them a ring and find out what the latest is.  Best, Jeff    Stephanie Miller 04/10/2001 10:55 AM 
 Pleasure's all mine. 
 Comrades:  Attached you will find the call assignments for the new admits.  We all have five or six people to call in the next 7-10 days.   I made a couple of matches where it seemed there was some kind of similarity in background or career, but for the most part, the assignments were essentially random.  The list includes names, phones at home and work, company and title.  Remember these are newly admitted students who have not yet accepted our offer of admission.  The deadline to accept this offer is April 27th.  A general outline of the phone call, should you choose to use it, would be:  1) Congratulations on being admitted to the Haas School  2) indentify yourself as "involved with the student government at the Haas School, and the evening office asked me to give you a call to see if you had any questions about the program.  Then answer the questions, if you can, or refer them to me or Ken for further follow-up  3)describe your own experience at school and how it has worked with your career--timing, advancement, scheduling, tuition payments, etc.  4)invite them to attend a class so we can show them around.  EMBA office will coordinate.  5)remind them of the "New Students Admit Reception" on April 19th from 7-9 in the Wells Fargo Room (drinks and hors d'oeuvres served). (Refer to Diane's recent email for other particulars.  Some pieces of information you might want to have handy  -required new student orientation is August 11-12; classes start on the 13th  -fees will be $1580 per unit; 42 units required, including the two units for MPAR  -orientation packages will be sent out mid-June  -administration will call each new student in July with class schedules  -second round of admits come out in early June  Thanks very much for helping.  Let me know if there is anything else you may need or could suggest to help in this effort.  Joseph Tambornino   __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail. http://personal.mail.yahoo.com/ - Applicant Call Assignments.xls 
 Got it. Thanks.  Another article suggesting that we need to get our message out.  Heard Skilling and Davis are going to talk.  He sign the bill yet?  Best, Jeff    Power deregulation backfires in infancy (9.27.2000) MANY OFFICIALS SAY IT WILL WORK EVENTUALLY BY STEVE JOHNSON Mercury News With its residents reeling from surging summertime electricity bills, this coastal state's deregulated energy market has triggered bitter accusations, legislative hearings and a push to re-regulate the whole system. Sound familiar? Except this isn't California. It's New York, one of 23 other states that are ending what has been for decades one of government's key functions -- keeping tight control on the price of power. The great national experiment to open the sale of electricity to competition, which California has been largely credited with pioneering, was supposed to lower prices by freeing consumers from the monopolistic grip of government regulated utilities. Indeed, energy officials in many states retain hope that it eventually will do that. But throughout the country, a sense of foreboding has overtaken people like Susan Peckman, who manages Peckman's Liquor Store in Pearl River, N.Y. Hers is the only state outside California so far where consumers have been exposed to the discomfitting impact of fully deregulated prices. And she doesn't feel liberated. ``There's nothing we can do about it,'' said Peckman, who estimated that her store's electricity bill has jumped about 20 percent this summer over last year's. Faced with the option of paying it or closing down, she added, ``you're between a rock and a hard place.'' It has been four years since California became one of the first states to pass an energy deregulation law. Yet the movement to revamp the way power is sold in this country remains mired in a ``prolonged and muddled transition,'' according to a study published this month by Cambridge Energy Research Associates and the Arthur Andersen consulting firm. It's unclear when or even if that transition will ever be completed. In many parts of the country, public officials are terrified of plunging ahead with deregulation, given the high prices and other problems in California and New York. Some even harbor suspicions that California has led the nation astray by promoting an idea that is inherently flawed. California Public Utilities Commissioner Henry Duque said he encountered that attitude during a summer meeting of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners in Los Angeles. ``I had other commissioners coming up to me saying, `What the hell is going on here,' '' Duque said. ``They were concerned. I think their thought was, did we in California see something that was wrong with deregulation but weren't going to level with them now that they had started down the path?'' Actually, the federal government bears much of the responsibility for initiating the drive to ease public control of electricity markets. Hoping to encourage new sources of electricity, Congress passed laws in 1978 and 1992 that forced utility companies to buy increasing amounts of the power they use from other, unregulated energy suppliers. In 1996, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission also made it possible for other firms to ship their power over the high-voltage lines the utilities owned. Consumers were looking for a change, too. By the mid-1990s, the service provided by utility firms had become a sore subject. California had some of the highest utility rates in the country, and the electrical system's reliability was under fire. If only other companies could be lured into the market to compete, it was widely assumed, prices would plummet and overall customer satisfaction would improve. New York, New Hampshire and Rhode Island passed laws or made administrative rulings to deregulate slightly before California, where deregulation was approved in September 1996. Rhode Island and Massachusetts were first to give residents the ability to choose which company sold them their electricity. But because of its size and much publicized deliberations about its plan to deregulate during the 1990s, California was labeled the national leader on the issue. In many ways, however, deregulation in the state has been a flop -- at least, so far. Californians have had the right to pick their energy supplier since March 31, 1998, when the electricity market was officially unfettered. That ability to choose was seen as an essential way to spur competition and, ultimately, lower energy prices. But as of Aug. 15, less than 2 percent of California's homeowners, businesses and others had seen fit to drop their local utility for some other supplier. By contrast, in Pennsylvania -- one of 13 other states that now let people choose -- 10 percent of customers have switched. Critics say that's a misleading comparison since Pennsylvania, unlike California, gives an energy price discount to consumers who make the switch. Nonetheless, Pennsylvania officials are clearly happy about how deregulation is working. A study in August by Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge concluded that electricity competition will result in 36,400 new jobs and a $1.4 billion boost in personal income across the state by 2004. ``We do not anticipate the problems in Pennsylvania that you have out there in California,'' said Kevin Cadden, a spokesman with that state's Public Utility Commission. ``I am not nervous at all.'' A study this summer by the non-profit Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets, which promotes deregulation, found that Pennsylvania has pushed electricity competition more effectively and quickly than any other state. Others listed in order in the top 10 were New York, Maine, Massachusetts, Texas, Nevada, Maryland, Rhode Island, New Jersey and Connecticut. California was 16th. But consumers may have a different measure of success: whether their lights will stay on and how much electricity will cost them once government controls are removed. Unfortunately, in the two states where prices have been fully deregulated, the evidence is not encouraging. In San Diego, the first place in California to have its state-mandated cap on utility rates lifted under deregulation, electricity bills for many consumers this summer doubled, while power blackouts also rolled through Northern California. New York's experience wasn't quite as bad. But in the few counties there that were exposed to fully deregulated electricity rates this summer, the average residential bill rose 22 percent. Investigations are under way in California and New York to determine what happened. Nonetheless, the problems in both states have been largely blamed on an insufficient supply of power plants to meet their demand for electricity, which has forced consumers to pay just about whatever power-producing firms want to charge. ``It's the piece that the economists missed'' when deregulation was touted several years ago, said Mike Donovan, a spokesman for Orange and Rockland Utilities, Inc., which supplies power to Susan Peckman's Pearl River liquor store, among other parts of New York. ``There isn't sufficient generation to really administer a full-scale competitive market.'' Ralph Cavanagh of the National Resources Defense Council in San Francisco maintains that deregulation has been unfairly maligned because the dearth of power plants has made it impossible for consumers to benefit from competition. Once that and some other problems are fixed, he said, ``I'm confident we'll have a more orderly market in the future.'' Others are growing nervous, however. This summer's difficulties have spurred calls to significantly stall or even reverse deregulation in North Carolina, Nevada, New Mexico, Minnesota, Oregon and Alabama, among other states. A Wisconsin consumer advocate recently chuckled over the phone as she read aloud a story about California's energy crisis, noting that such news made her opposition to deregulation much easier. ``I am absolutely convinced that we are on an inexorable march toward the choice model,'' said Ken Malloy, president of the Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets. But he acknowledged that the experience in San Diego and New York ``is undeniably a bad thing that has happened to this movement, and it will set us back.''  Contact Steve Johnson at sjohnson@sjmercury.com or (408) 920-5043. 
 Ah Jeez: Hey Joseph, I was supposed to trade a name with Deepikah and, wouldn't you know, with all the fine print, I grabbed one of yours (bet you're sorry you asked me to help out now).  Anywho, I called and left a message with Tim Taylor.  You call him yet?  If so, he'll think he's very special, what with all of us calling him.  Let me know.  Deepikah, I called Lisa Ralphe off of your list.  Yours in flake-dom, Jeff     DShah@levi.com 04/09/2001 05:51 PM 
 Greetings Diane:  Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy.  I've got 408.390.5291 on my list of admitees to call and I'm getting the "not a valid number" recording.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Forgot to send the darned thing to you!  Sorry. 
 In Idaho, Western states press feds to act on power prices H. JOSEF HEBERT, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, April 10, 2001 ,2001 Associated Press URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/news/archive/2001/04/10/nation al1812EDT0713.DTL (04-10) 18:04 PDT BOISE, Idaho (AP) -- High electricity prices pose a ``looming disaster'' for many states in the West, a federal regulator warned Tuesday, as pressure grew on the government to consider temporary price controls on wholesale power. Officials from 11 Western states, including energy-ravaged California, engaged in sometimes passionate exchanges with three members of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over how to contain soaring power prices that are expected to go only higher this summer. ``Something has to be done to tame this market,'' Geoffrey Brown, a member of the California Public Utilities Commission, told the three FERC commissioners. California anticipates paying $65 billion for electricity this year, almost 10 times its power bill in 1999. But after the daylong session, the FERC seemed to be not much closer to imposing price caps than before, although one commissioner, Linda Breathitt, said she now wants to look the issue more carefully and might be swayed. FERC Chairman Curtis Hebert, a strong free-market advocate, reiterated his fear that price regulation would drive off investors for new power generation. Under FERC rules, it would be Hebert's discretion when or if to propose a price cap for deliberation. Commissioner William Massey, who has been in the minority on the commission in recommending price controls, said the ``passion for markets must be tempered with common sense.'' ``We face a looming disaster,'' he declared, if wholesale electricity markets are allowed to continue on a path that has wholesale power in many parts of the West selling for 10 times what it cost just a year ago. Hebert insisted that the FERC ``is doing everything it can'' to ensure just and reasonable prices and cited the commission's action to seek $124 million in refunds on California power sales. He also said the commission plans soon to approve a new system of tracking market abuses. The chairman noted that state officials at the meeting were sharply divided over whether the government should regulate electricity prices. Keeping tabs as each participant gave a presentation, he said three states were for them, five against and three uncertain. Hebert's anti-controls position drew support from Vice President Dick Cheney in a telephone interview with Associated Press reporter David Ammons in Olympia, Wash. ``The problem with price caps,'' Cheney said, ``is that they don't solve the problem. Just look at California, where they had caps applied at the retail level that, coupled with the requirement to buy power on the spot market, has driven PG&E into bankruptcy.'' Pacific Gas & Electric, California's largest utility, said last week it had debts of $9 billion and filed for protection from its creditors under chapter 11 of federal bankruptcy laws. California, whose electricity problems have unleashed soaring power prices throughout the West, urged FERC to immediately impose an 18-month cost-based price cap in the Western markets. ``We have done our part. We cannot do it alone,'' said Bob Hertzberg, speaker of the California Assembly. He cited state actions to boost conservation, increase retail rates and speed up power plant construction and said there is ``no earthly reason'' why energy prices should be 10 times what they were a year ago. Still, California officials expressed little optimism after the hearing. ``It would take a dramatic, unprecedented change of direction'' for the FERC to adopt price controls, said Fred Keeley, speaker pro tem in the California Assembly, who was in the audience during the six-hour meeting. Breathitt, the FERC's third commissioner, who has not come out in favor of price caps, nevertheless indicated she might be inching toward some controls. She said she wants the commission to ``seriously discuss a price implementation plan.'' The issue may end up, however, being decided by two new commissioners recently nominated by President Bush -- Pat Wood, now head of the Texas utility commission, and Nora Brownell, a Pennsylvania regulator. Both are viewed as free market advocates, but pro-controls commissioner Massey said he believes they might be swayed to accept temporary price restraints if the electricity market reels further out of control. Neither nominee has yet been confirmed by the Senate. While divided on price controls, most of the state officials at the unusual FERC meeting expressed worries that the federal agency was doing too little to address problems in the power markets. The chairman of Montana's utility commission, Gary Feland, who opposes price controls, criticized FERC for lack of aggressiveness in challenging unreasonable prices. FERC is legally mandated to ensure ``just and reasonable'' wholesale power prices. ``Montana is taking a hell of a hit'' from electricity prices, Feland said. ``Politically we're getting beat up.'' Steve Ellenbecker, a utility commissioner from Wyoming, urged the federal regulators to come up with a ``reasonable measure'' short of a price cap to deal with the troubled electricity market. Many of the state officials said the full impact of the high wholesale power prices have yet to hit consumers. In many cases state officials must still give permission for utilities to pass them on to retail customers. On the Net: FERC Web site: www.ferc.fed.us/ ,2001 Associated Press ? 
 Michael: Do we know who from Enron will actually be on the committee? Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 04/11/2001 09:29 AM 
 FYI. 
 Thanks.  Any view on the likelihood that the brief will have weight? Best, Jeff    Vicki Sharp@EES 04/11/2001 10:51 AM 
 I was forced to allow my business judgment pre-empt my personal wishes....    Susan Scott 09/28/2000 10:52 AM 
 Disregard previous note.  Saw your name on the official document.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Would be useful to get a copy.  Best, Jeff 
 You betchya.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/11/2001 11:19 AM 
 Thanks very much Scott.  Any view on when we can expect the clean-up bill will be signed?  And is there anything of substance in the "clean-up" provisions that we ought to be aware of?  Thanks again. Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 04/11/2001 11:03 AM 
 Hey, when will the announcement be made? 
 Thanks again for the help.  Much appreciated. 
 FYI. 
 Hi.  I've got all the paperwork.  The bill (on my bill) for you guys is $740.  I'll get you the paperwork tonite.  Sorry for the mix-up  (should I ask Squaw for a discount due to all the mess!?!?).  Best, Jeff 
 God, how ironic.  I could barely read the story over the HUGE banner=20 advertisement for, get this, a Chevron gas credit card.  Sigh.....  If Bush tries to take away folks rights to sue under the ESA, he's gonna ge= t=20 fried.   Cameron, tell your people to stop surfing the web and focus on time to=20 profitability, fer cryin' out loud. :)  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much.  I'll give him a ring at home. Best, Jeff    Julie Ito <jito@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 04/11/2001 02:05 PM 
 Just checking in to see if anything that you folks were working on ever got into the S.D. Tribune, etc., or if you were continuing to work on things?  Hope all's well.  It's a jungle out there.  Best, Jeff 
 Can you get in touch w/Eldon?  I've been unsuccessful the last two days.  May be too late at this point.  I was supposed to get in touch with Jeff beginning of the week so that he could order gravel.  And haven't even talked to him about the culvert.  If he does the culvert, Eldon's going to have to make sure that the other people on the road don't have a fit about Eldon "re-designing" the road right around the Dome (which fixing the culvert will entail).    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 09/28/2000 10:39 AM 
 You're kidding.  You mean they've double billed us?  Can you find you're credit card bill?  They can find each and every receipt, who signed it, etc., so that we can make sure they don't screw us.  I'll bring my stuff over tonite.  If they've double billed us, I'm going to suggest that they owe us a comp up there.   No worries, though.  They've got the paper work, and if we've paid twice, they're just going to need to credit my card.  No big deal.  Just a hassle having to deal with 'em.  You around tonite?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 04/11/2001 01:53 PM 
 Dinner would be great.  Best place to stay--given where you need to be---but sometimes a bit difficult to get in to, is the Park Hyatt.   If full, try the Griffin (or Griffith) Hotel (or might be the Hotel Griffin(th)).  Let me know if you have problems and I'll throw some more names your way.  Best, Jeff    Michael Tribolet/ENRON@enronXgate 04/11/2001 02:15 PM 
 Wow.  Call  my travel agent.  Book me on a heavy guilt trip....    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 04/11/2001 03:56 PM 
 did they charge your credit card, too?  if they double-booked us, we better get a free weekend out of it (in addition to getting the money back).    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/11/2001 05:07 PM 
 Judge orders Enron to deliver electricity to universities   Updated: April 11, 2001 - 2:06 p.m. SAN FRANCISCO -- Saying that Enron Energy Systems Inc. may be in breach of contract, a federal judge Wednesday ordered the Houston company to abide by its agreement to sell cheap power to the state's public universities.  Enron was attempting to get out of delivering power for the final year of a four-year deal with the California State University and University of California systems.  Enron, which buys power from producers and sells it on the market, said the contract would cost the energy concern $12 million a month because of skyrocketing wholesale power prices.  Enron said the state should free Enron from its obligation and taxpayers should pick up the tab.  "It's our economic interest to provide a service with the least amount of dollars we can provide it for," Enron attorney A. William Urquhart said. He later described the case as being "all about money. It's all about money."  Enron said it would file an emergency appeal to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco to overturn U.S. District Judge Phyllis Hamilton's ruling in the suit brought by the state's two university systems.  Appearing in federal court, state Attorney General Bill Lockyer argued that Enron wants out of the contract so it can engage in a "marketing game" with the universities' promised power and sell it on the open market for 10 times more than what the electricity cost Enron.  He said lawmakers may have "left the keys in the car" when they approved California's failed energy deregulation scheme that has prompted the energy crisis, "But it is still theft to steal the car."  The judge issued a temporary injunction against Enron, forcing it to continue providing service as the suit brought by the universities proceeds. When the judge issued the order, she also said there is a likelihood Enron will lose the suit.  "I am persuaded, in the end, there is a very strong likelihood of success on the breach of contract claim," the judge said.  UC's annual electric bill is about $87 million and its natural gas bill is about $26 million. CSU annually pays about $40 million for electricity and $20 million for natural gas.  The case is UC Regents vs. Enron Energy Systems Inc., 01-1006.  -- Associated Press 
 You got it.  I'll put my thinking cap on and start pondering.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 04/11/2001 05:51 PM 
 This seems principally to be a "help Davis now" sort of exercise, but perhaps there's a business opportunity in it for EES.  Thoughts? 
 If you need me to, I can do it.    Susan J Mara 04/11/2001 05:26 PM 
 what day you planning on golfing? 
 nope, but prentice has informed me that we need to be at david and nina's (i think around 4 pm) on sunday.  so we could either play at 9 on sunday, or in the afternoon on saturday (say 2 pm?).  your call.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/12/2001 10:31 AM 
 FYI.  If you'd like to discuss, don't hesitate... 
 Wow. That's fascinating. Sounds neat.  I would be very concerned, though, given the current environment about having us listed as a sponsor.  In short, I would recommend against sponsoring, at least at this point.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 04/12/2001 11:06 AM 
 Thanks very much.  And, yes, I did get a haircut.  She cut a TON off. 
 doesn't look like it at this point.  i need to talk to prentice some more. she talked to nina.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/12/2001 12:08 PM 
 I don't know about the roommate info, but I do know that they go back a very long way.  Then Gov. Jerry Brown (now Mayor of Oakland) appointed Bryson to be the President of the California PUC.  Way before out time---I think that it was in the early '80s.  At the same time, Davis was Brown's chief of staff---so their relationship goes way back.  Best, Jeff 
 Is it possible to get the call-in number for the 2:30 call?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Which attorney is this info from? 
 Greetings:  I'll be bringing the beginnings of the valuation model and an idea (for folks to beat up on) for the approach in the presentation.  Best, Jeff 
 let's talk and figure out a time.  i'm off for school now. Best, jeff 
 Agreed.  That time works for me. Jeff    James D Steffes 04/12/2001 07:46 PM 
 Can't wait for the bullets to start to fly.  Do we know what the total $ amount is to EES (if they were to book the entire credit to Enron)?  Thanks.    Marianne Castano@EES 09/28/2000 12:39 PM 
 It would be useful for me to have the opportunity to listen in on these calls.  Let me know if that's a problem.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 04/12/2001 10:04 PM 
 FYI:  I listened in on the analyst call.  Bryson made it very clear that, under the agreement, Edison would re-assume the procurement role on 12.31.02 and would "administer" (i.e., takeover) the DWR contracts.  Seems pretty clear that the State is actively looking for a strategy to exit the procurement role.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 04/12/2001 10:36 PM 
 You're point?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/13/2001 09:38 AM 
 Ralph: Apologies for taking so long.  Here's the URL for the details of the MOU. Look forward to reviewing your proposal.  Regards, Jeff 
 Lemme know how it goes. 
 Sorry, been on calls.  Just got your message.  From my perspective, you got it exactly right in the note.  If you have any additional questions, just holler.  Best, Jeff 
 As I feared, Belden's on vacation this week.  I've left a message with him to call, however.  Will let you know just as soon as (and if) I hear anything. Best, Jeff 
 Amen. 
 Were you on the call yesterday---I went ballistic.  And where are you now!?! The calls underway.    Karen Denne 04/13/2001 12:45 PM 
 Ralph:  Thanks.  Really looking forward to discussing further.  The proposal is very promising.  As you can imagine, Enron's going to have two concerns:  1) ensuring that eligibility for participating in the competition is as broad as possible (paragraph #1), and 2) ensuring that the "terms specified by the Commission that will ptrotect the regulated service and its other customers from financial harm" don't unintentionally (or otherwise) have the effect of killing direct access (like AB 1890 did).  Appreciate you sharing this.  You can count on Enron's support.  (Though I understand that Enron's support these days is not the most sought after commodity---I leave that up to your judgment.  We'll be prepared to help in away way you see fit.)  Have a nice weekend.  Jeff 
 thanks for looking.  when you leaving?  congratz on being the spokesperson. if you ever want to compare notes, just let me know. 
 FEA's asking for a uniform percentage increase on top of existing rate allocation structure. 
 CLFP proposes the following changes to medium and large commercial and industrial customer tariffs for electric service provided by Pacific Gas and Electric Company and Southern California Edison Company.  CLFP proposes the Commission establish an optional summer on-peak, peak period consisting of a continuous 3-hour period during the current summer on-peak period for both utilities.  The 3-hour period would be selected by the customer.  Specifically:  Service Eligibility:  Customers served as medium or large commercial/industrial customers on time-of-use rates and metered accordingly.  Examples - PG&E's E-19, E-20, etc. and SCE's TOU-8, etc.  Customer Eligibility:  Electric customers processing, handling, distributing or processing perishable food and agriculture products.  (As noted below, since no revenue shift occurs within the class, the Commission may consider opening the option to others.)  Customer Charge Surcharge:  A surcharge of $130 per meter per month for the initial summer period (2001) to offset the utilities cost for changes to billing procedures.  In the case of optimal billing period service customers the surcharge shall correspond with such billing period.  Optional Summer On-Peak Period:  Any continuous 3-hour period during the summer-on-peak period of time.  Hours may be designated by the customer consistent with metering capabilities of the customer or changes to metering capability.  The reason for designation by the food processor or agriculture commodity processing customer is in order to take into account the many factors involved in load shedding.  Labor, harvesting schedules and coordination with growers, delivery schedules, inspection activity, etc. All bear upon such an effort.  Rate for Optional Summer-On-Peak Period Service:  Energy rates for the 3-hour period would be two times the otherwise applicable charge for summer-on-peak energy.  The other 3 hours of the 6-hour on-peak period would be billed at the non-peak rate and equalized for rate/revenue neutrality. In the event partial peak periods are retained, the rate for the non-optioned 3-hour period during the on-peak period would be adjusted to retain revenue neutrality.  These rates would apply, as now, workdays of Monday - Friday.  Notice and Service:  An eligible customer must notify the utility in writing, by fax, email, or hand delivered, to both the appropriate account representative and the customer billing department of the request for optional summer-on-peak period service.  The 3-hour period of optional service and the start date for such service shall be specified.  Start dates should coincide with billing cycles, with a minimum of seven days notice prior to such cycle.  Optional optimal billing period customers would be treated accordingly, except as currently provided, a two-day advance notice.  Implementation Issues - TOU Meters and Billing.  It appears the number of customer meters and billing changes potentially required by optional summer on-peak period service is relatively small compared to the total number of meters of the utilities.  In response to CLFP's data request by PG&E and SCE (attached) the following is observed.  For SCE, SIC 20 (food and kindred products) customers account for approximately 163 meters out of about 10,000 meters.  Of the 163, all but 8 can be managed locally by the Customer Data Acquisition System.  The 8 would appear to require a field visit.  For PG&E, out of 11,675 TOU meters on E-19 and E-20 service, 354 or 3% of the total are SIC 20.  Of the 354 nearly half, 175, are hourly interval meters.  The remaining 179 presumably would need a field visit for reprogramming.  Conclusion:  Based upon the data supplied, metering and billing changes required by an optional summer on-peak period program for processors of perishable commodities, there does not seem, in CLFP's opinion, to be a significant barrier to establishing the program. 
 This is unreal.  If TW ain't on the A list, who is? 
 I'll look at it and get back to you first thing Monday. 
 I'll be getting you stuff tonite or tomorrow.  Best, Jeff    "Jackson, James (JCJA)" <JCJA@chevron.com> 04/13/2001 04:46 PM 
 Dudes: Here's my my comments to Mark's answers to the questions, and suggestions to Jimmie's model.  I don't answer the bottom line question, since we have some talking to do on the model.  Jimmie, your model is great except we have to value the company on cash flow (as opposed to NI).  I've take a stab at setting up the discounted cash flow model.  All my stuff is highlighted in yellow.  It's the capex that's screwy (see assumptions given in questions).  I get at 25% of 1995 revs, not 45.8% as indicated in the assumptions.  I also assume that when it sez working capital is net zero, we don't factor those balance sheet line items into the DCF model.  Others agree?  Anyway, it gives me a $3.32 share value, so I think the model's got some work.  Take a look and let me know what you think.  Best, Jeff 
 Guess I was lazier still.  Agree with your assessment, I just neglected to recalc your model in order to determine growth rates necessary to get cash flows high enough to justify $14 and $28.  31% and 40% growth rates are (I would argue) wildly unrealistic.  In addition, the capex numbers would (presumably) have to bump up substantially in order to get you there. Therefore, I would argue in the memo that the numbers don't add up for a $28 price (though "irrational exuberance" may permit Netscape to pull it off). Unless other folks have comments on the model, I think you're good to go for the memo.  Am ready to look at it when you've got a draft.  Great job on the case.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff    JcjCal02@aol.com 04/14/2001 11:16 PM 
 no problem.  give me a call and we can go through your list. Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 04/16/2001 10:21 AM 
 Harry:  At the meeting yesterday, we concluded that it would be a good idea to take the proposal that you put together based on your meeting with EES and use it as the "base case" to start running the numbers.  Idea being that before we shop anything around, we need to know what the numbers look like to determine whether the thing's got any legs.  Once we have a clear understanding of how the base case  numbers shake out, we thought we might then want do some sensitivity analyses around the variables, come up with a final proposal, and then go back to the commercial groups for buy-in.  We hoped that your folks could get together with Roger Yang et al and provide some assessment of what the base case numbers look like by middle of next week.  How's this plan sound?  Few other points:  We assume that bullet 6's reference to "net" means that the deferral is calculated by taking any "overcollections" and subtracting them from any "undercollections" over the entire 3 year period,not year-by-year. What is the significance of the 3.1 CTC roll-off date?  We're assuming it's commercially driven.  We correct?  If so, what's the driver?  Same goes for the 2004 ending date. Some tweeks were made to the proposal at the meeting to create an "Option 2" for folks to consider.  (Though we don't think that any numbers need to be run on "Option 2" until after having completed the analysis on option 1, since those results could influence any scenarios we decide to construct). Option 2 would: Keep the hydro with the utility and apply Edison's proposed ratemaking treatment. Beginning 6.1.01, make large customers "noncore," similar to the gas model in California, and force those customers to choose an ESP. Beginning 1.1.03, introduce competitive default service for remaining "core" (i.e., rez and small commercial) customers.  ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Finally, couple of things that occurred to me after yesterday's meeting that I want to throw out for folks to react to:  Seems that, to be successful, the proposal needs to remain as stripped down and simple as possible. When the proposal nets out the deferral costs, does it include the over/undercollections associated with utility residual generation? In option 2, by adding the "noncore" feature, and by implementing that feature and the default service feature prior to the 04 ending date, the proposal gets more complicated (and adds significantly more risk to the utility's position).  This is not to say that the complications can't be worked out, or that the added risk can't be accounted for, but wanted to highlight it for folks to consider.  Attached is the original, with just a couple of minor edits, and "Option 2."  Best, Jeff 
 OK folks.  It's about 80% of the way there.  My brains are oozing out looking at cells, so I want to get this around so Mark can get started on refining assumptions and other folks can examine as well.  I'll continue to check it and de-bug it.  Mark, you and I should talk, too.  (You'll note that at this point, the valuation is in the $30s, so there's work to do.)  Apologies in advance for any errors (and I'm sure they're there).  If anyone has any questions on the model, just let me know.  I think we ought to get together to meet this week as much as possible to start getting the power point presentation together.  And perhaps we should think about meeting this weekend?  In the meantime, I'm pulling together the data on Buffet (Berkshire Hathaway) stock performance, etc., and will also do the financial ratios, including Dupont, for OAT.  Does this work for folks?  Other thoughts?  Best, Jeff 
 These slides look very good and good to go from my perspective.  I have no comments.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies.  My dead just fell into a million pieces.  I won't have a chance to review Jimmie's fine work (nice name for the CFO, by the way), and I've just been informed that I'll need to have dinner with our bankruptcy guy this evening (turns out we're on the unsecured creditor committee for PG&E's banckruptcy).  So I won't be able to be in class tonite.  Again apologies. Great job Jimmie, particularly in light of the Easter holiday.  Best, Jeff 
 We'll be at the party, Overture, or no Overture.  The Squaw thing ain't a problem.  No worries.  But let's settle soon.  My accounts are a little wacky these days---I'll explain later.  Thanks for letting me know.  With the playing, there's a lot of little issues that I think are no big deal, but from our weekend at Squaw, it seems that there are some major fucking huge issues that you and the mighty C needed to work out.  If you've got those worked out, then I'm all fer playing again, though the next 2-3 weeks are pretty fucking ugly.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/16/2001 12:00 PM 
 Prentice and I talked.  She's going to come back from the sports gig for the dinner party.  Don't worry to much about the ganged-up-on-thing---Prentice is cool.  She's ready to play.  She and I have been playing together (though our respective repertoires, as designed by Avram, diverge more than they converge).  We're getting pretty hot on Earl's breakdown, though.  P.S. Comes a point in one's life (like, when you're an adult), that you take personal responsibility for your actions---"my dad made me do it" must simply give way.  And "my dad made me an exquisite perfectionist" must REALLY really give way.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/16/2001 01:37 PM 
 -FYI.  This is an internal email of the SVMG.  Please keep confidential. I'll be monitoring.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff ****************************************************************************** **************************************  As you know, the SVMG Energy Committee plans to discuss variable pricing, specifically Severin Borenstein's proposal, at its next meeting on Monday. A copy of his proposal is attached. As I indicated at last week's meeting, I believe the SVMG should consider endorsing the proposal, with certain conditions, for the following reasons:  - It provides the broadest, most transparent incentive to reduce consumption precisely during hours of shortage, thereby reducing the chances of involuntary curtailments (blackouts).  - It creates a demand response to high prices, thereby reducing the market power enjoyed by power sellers. This may be one of the only factors contributing to a more reasonable, stable wholesale price environment if there is no federal intervention.  - It offers a financial opportunity for those users who are able to reduce their demand overall or shift their demand to off-peak periods.  The following is a "strawman" draft of an endorsement by SVMG for discussion Monday. I would point out that the strawman is silent on the question of whether customers who choose to opt out of variable pricing must be interruptible, an issue of concern to some. Also, I hope to have additional input from Barbara Barkovich before Monday's meeting.  Thanks.  Peter Evans  ____________________________  Power prices paid by customers must create the incentive to reduce demand during specific hours of supply shortage (and high prices). This gives the greates possibility of getting through this summer without running up a staggering DWR bill and suffering through frequent blackouts. Getting people to reduce demand in response to higher prices would also reduce the market power of sellers. We therefore endorse the proposal to price power use above historical levels (and rebate for power use reductions below historical levels) at the real-time energy price.  Our support for this concept includes the following conditions:  1. Historical consumption levels, which would be served under regulated rates, would be based on last year's use, taking into account the customer's historical load profile. Adjustments would be made for increases/decreases in number of employees or number of square feet per electrical meter to account for changes in business volume. Historical consumption served under regulated rates could be adjusted by a ratio (say 75% to 95%) to build in some expectation of conservation.  2. Participation  All customer classes would participate. In the absence of real time load data (i.e. residential customers), monthly consumption deviations from historical levels would be priced at the monthly average spot price.  3. Alternatives for Above-Baseline Use  It must be explicitly clear that customers have completely unfettered ability to procure power for their above-historical power requirements on their own if they choose to. This could include self-generation, bilateral forward purchases, or purchasing at the spot price from the DWR.  4. Sunset  This approach should automatically terminate at the end of 2001, requiring government or regulatory action to extend it.  - RTP proposal 32901.doc 
 Our schedules make it messy.  I can come over tomorrow during the break if Anil and Carolyn want to meet.  Mark, if you want to hunker down with the model tomorrow, you should feel free.  The only thing about Thursday is that Carolyn's got a commitment with Dian.  Can we talk about meeting this weekend?  I can be flexible.  Best, Jeff    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/16/2001 01:31 PM 
 Having worked with you on the Perfect project, I now know that your power point skills are legendary.  Would you mind volunteering to coordinate putting all the stuff in to power point?    Anil Sama <asama@yahoo.com> 04/16/2001 04:24 PM 
 How's Tues, may 1, or wed may 2, work for dinner?  sorry it's two weeks out, but i'm in serious crunch time for school (and work). 
 see what we can do.  when you getting back. 
 Oh, that's very funny.  Just like the good old days?    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 04/16/2001 06:49 PM 
 I can attend if feel it is necessary that we participate.  Just let me know.  Jeff    David Parquet@ECT 04/16/2001 06:45 PM 
 Sunday works for me, and we can meet in my office.  But if it's OK, 10 AM works better for me.  Let me know.  And Anil has very graciously offered to coordinate the power point presentation for the project.  And having worked with Anil on another project that required power point, I can vouch that he is at wizard with the technology.  Best, Jeff    Anil Sama <asama@yahoo.com> 04/16/2001 07:10 PM 
 do you have access to the actual report issued by PIRA, to which the article refers? 
 Hey, darlin'. What's our freshly-minted MBA up to these days?  You gonna stay in good 'ol Texas?    "Joan Wagner" <Joan.Wagner@bus.utexas.edu> 04/16/2001 04:46 PM 
 Thanks, Dennis.  If  we could get a copy of the analyst's report, it would be very helpful.  Best, Jeff    Dennis Benevides@EES 04/17/2001 09:06 AM 
 Here it is.  Give me a call when you get a chance to look at it.  Also, please tell Jeff A. that I'm still doing reconnaissance on smart types to join your group.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the original note that I sent about the bill (yours and ms cameron's) that ended up on my bill. ************************************************************************ Hi.  I've got all the paperwork.  The bill (on my bill) for you guys is $740.  I'll get you the paperwork tonite.  Sorry for the mix-up  (should I ask Squaw for a discount due to all the mess!?!?). 
 call with EES at 1 pm. 800-713.8600/68266.  jeff 
 My apologies.  I'm confused.  1) When are we scheduled to meet with Tim? Just Tuesday afternoon, or Tues/Wed?  Thanks, Jeff 
 got message.  hearing start yet?  jeff 
 That's the ticket on the recipe.  I can give you some more ideas if you like.  Please let Prentice and me know what we can do to pitch in.  Best, Jeff    "Rogers, Sarah" <srogers@jamcracker.com> 04/17/2001 03:53 PM 
 hearing on yet?  jeff 
 Greetings Dorothy:  Hope all is well.  I can participate in your meeting tomorrow.  Is it possible to participate by conference call, or would you prefer that folks attend in person?  Just  let me know.  Best, Jeff    Loretta Macktal <lmacktal@cmta.net> 04/16/2001 03:27 PM 
 FYI.  The agenda for the legislative oversight committee's gas hearing tomorrow includes two Brattle Group consultants, Paul Carpenter and Matt O'Loughlin. They will make up the first panel, titled, "California's High Natural Gas Prices: Market Power and Other Factors."  In California's gas wars, Edison hired these folks--Carpenter in particular-- to show that SoCalGas has considerable market power in California and abuses it.  (Edison was a long-time, very unhappy gas customer of SoCalGas', until it sold off its power plants.  The animosity remains, however.)  Should be interesting to see where the committe goes with that panel.  CA PUC lawyer, Harvey Morris, is the sole witness on the second panel. Harvey is zealous in his assertions regarding market power in interestate markets serving California and is the PUC's lead attorney on such matters at FERC.  I plan on attending the hearing.  It's likely that I will also be attending a hearing on price caps at CMA's offices in the afternoon.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: I tried to log in and the system told me that I'm not authorized to use the system. Best, Jeff 
 I'll actually be in Sacramento tomorrow (need to hear the hub-bub at the gas version of the energy war crimes trials taking place up there tomorrow). Steinberg's hearing starts at 9, so I should be able to pop by at 1 if that works for you.  Best, Jeff    Dorothy Rothrock <drothrock@cmta.net> 04/17/2001 06:44 PM 
 Agree.  I think she's already gotten a helluvalot better--a marked and very positive change.  Reflection and realization are powerful things.  I'll bring all the paperwork over tonite.  We can go over it then.  It actually adds up, as far as I can tell.  It was fun as hell, but it sure weren't cheap.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/17/2001 07:20 PM 
 Thank you. I'll give it a go.    Expertfinder Sent by: Kathryn Schultea 04/17/2001 06:42 PM 
 congratulations on being "re-commissioned." 
 What time do you get home from school.  If it's before 5 could you stop by the Theater on the Square box office and get tickets?  Cameron said that she and Scott want tickets, too.  It's going to sell out (if it ain't already sold out), so we should probably do it quickly.  I love you. 
 FYI.    Jennifer Rudolph@EES 04/18/2001 09:18 AM 
 It's nothing.  I eat your food, drink your wine, eat your tomatoes, stay in your time share, date your daughter, use your pool table, stay at your dome, and get feted by you on my birthdays.  Paying for Ms Beautiful's golf is a small token, indeed.  Best, Jeff  p.s. hope everything at work is going well--i'm sure that it is.  p.p.s.  we say barry's 500th last nite!!!!  It was so cool.  go giants.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/18/2001 10:43 AM 
 Here's the document that I referenced.  Dan Allegretti asked me to forward it to you.  He'd like to distribute to the leadership team and have it on the agenda during his part of the conference call.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 What day is here birthday?  Is it the 5th of May? 
 As always, thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: I intend to clear my calendar to help with this for the rest of the week. I'll call you/you call me first thing in the AM.  Best, Jeff 
 wouldn't miss it for the world.  for the record, ms silva has stolen an idea that i originated years ago, i.e., favorite take out.  Colleen, as you'll remember, there were nothing but cigarette butts in the food by the end of the party.  Ah, the days of wine and song.  nostalgically yours, jeff 
 3 of my 5 have said that they're accepting (indeed, may have already accepted).  i'm awaiting 2 call-backs.  will report more tomorrow in class. best, Jeff 
 rite spot.  17th and folsom.  the best.  Best, Jeff 
 Shoot.  Remember that I asked many moons ago if you wanted the tickets?  I thought you said no.  So I let it go.  Now they've all been snatched up.  But I'll see if if those folks are still planning on going.  I think that chances are extremely slim, though.  I'll let you know.  Sorry.  Best, Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/19/2001 09:44 AM 
 Champagne.    P.S.  Though it feels like it at times, he's not my Dad.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 09/28/2000 03:01 PM 
 If those times are CDT, 5 PM works best for me.  Best, Jeff 
 Jay:  As we discussed, we are comfortable with EES' participation in the ISO's load curtailment RFP.  If you have any other questions, just give me a call at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Dorothy: Thanks very much for the meeting yesterday.  From my perspective it was ver= y=20 useful.  Per yesterday's conversation.  More (much) to follow (soon).  This is what = we=20 gave the Govenor, Hertzberg, Burton, Brulte, etc., about 2 months ago (i.e.= ,=20 prior to Davis' 20-20 announcement, etc.)  You know how to get a hold of me.  Best, Jeff ***************************************************************************= *** *****  Proposal to Alleviate California=01,s Electricity Shortage Through Incentives to Reduce Demand  Objective =06=15 Provide consumers with financial incentives to reduce demand in=20 anticipation of Summer 2001 electricity demand  Proposal =06=15 The California PUC should require the utilities to immediately condu= ct=20 on-line auctions for demand reductions totaling at least 2,000 MWs =06=15 Alternatively, DWR could run the auction and implement the buy-down= =20 program.  However, if it is determined that DWR requires additional authori= ty=20 to execute the auction, the State should avoid any further delays and direc= t=20 the CPUC to order the utilities to implement the buy-down program immediate= ly.  The Auction Process (assuming the utilities implement the program) =06=15 Businesses and large consumers willing to commit to sustained reduct= ions=20 through November 1, 2001 would submit bids indicating the price they would = be=20 willing to receive for a given quantity of permanent reduction=20 =06=15 If the =01&supply=018 of available reductions offered in the auction= exceeds=20 2,000 MWs, the utility should accept them, or explain to the Commission why= =20 they chose not to accept them=20 =06=15 Businesses should be permitted to include in their bids the continue= d=20 payment of wages to compensate employees for hours of employment foregone d= ue=20 to demand reductions  A Single Price Approach =06=15 A single price approach to a demand buy down program has two key=20 disadvantages: =06=15 First, customers who would be willing to reduce demand for a lesser = price=20 will be overpaid, much in the same way the single price auction in the PC= =20 overpaid lower cost generators.  The state would overpay for reduced demand= =20 under the single price approach. =06=15 Second, the single price may not attract sufficient demand reduction= s. =06=15 Further, the single price approach does not provide greater certaint= y=20 regarding the cost of demand reductions.  By conducting an auction the stat= e=20 will be able to observe all bids and pay on an as bid basis, starting with= =20 the lowest bids necessary to provide the required demand reductions up to t= he=20 cost the state is willing to pay. =06=15 A single price approach, however, could work if targeted at customer= s who=20 would not participate in an auction, i.e. residential customers.  A well=20 publicized program of rebates to residential customers who use less than la= st=20 year would further reduce demand in the state.  Thus the auction and the=20 single price could be structured in a complimentary fashion. =06=15 The costs of the incentive program should be paid for by all consume= rs,=20 since all consumers will benefit from the decreased risk of service=20 interruptions caused by the demand reductions =06=15 If DWR implements the program, DWR=01, would recover its costs throu= gh rates,=20 similar to the cost recovery mechanism used to recover power purchase costs= . =06=15 If the utilities implement the program, the California PUC would inc= lude=20 program costs in rates collected from customers =06=15 The auction should be conducted online which will increase transpare= ncy and=20 reduce the time required to complete the process  Hazards to Avoid =06=15 Avoid allowing lengthy utility and/or PUC review to delay implementa= tion of=20 the reductions _ Any unnecessary delay increases the chance that California will fail to= =20 achieve the reductions needed to help avoid severe shortages in Summer 2001 _ There are numerous firms offering moderately-priced on-line auction=20 services that can quickly provide auction services to the utility _ The utility should immediately contract for on-line services and present= =20 the contract to the California PUC for prompt approval _ The utilities should also include in their submittal to the PUC a simple,= =20 streamlined set of pre-qualification criteria that would apply to bidders _ The pre-qualification criteria should be designed with the goal of making= =20 participation as easy and expansive as possible _ Pre-qualification will encourage legitimate offers and reduce transaction= =20 time _ Once the PUC has approved the auction process, the PUC should not apply a= ny=20 additional review to the auction results _ Auction =01&pre-approval=018 will ensure that the utilities are actively = and=20 constructively engaged  Actions =06=15 Governor=01,s office directs PUC to initiate auction and residential= program =06=15 CPUC directs utility to submit auction proposal within 30 days _ Establish abbreviated schedule _ Provide parties with abbreviated opportunity to comment _ Finalize decision approving auction proposal within 15 days of utility=20 submission =06=15 CPUC rules in advance that results of auction are prudent, and utili= ties=20 conduct auction by May 1 
 xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox 
 Thanks very much, Doug.  Good to see you yesterday. Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Presentation by Brattle Group before CA leg committee yesterday in which they assert market power at the CA border (held by "out-of-state suppliers") explains high gas prices in California.  If you have any questions, call me at 415.782.7822.  Please forward to others whom you think might be interested.  Stephanie, could you forward along to Barry?  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Steve.  I'll coordinate with Rosie.  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 04/19/2001 12:31 PM 
 Apologies.  I need to get off and do this new assignement that Kean just gave me.  Jeff 
 Greetings Professor:  Apologies for asking, but something has come up and I wanted to inquire about the chances of taking the E203 final on a day other than Sunday the 10th of December.  Preferably Tu, W, Th, the week of the 11th.  Best, Jeff 
 Bob:  I'm not going to be able to make this time (particularly given the assignment that I just got from Kean).  Can I catch up with you after?  Best, Jeff    Jan Cooley/ENRON@enronXgate 04/19/2001 01:41 PM 
 You mean fighting the MOU? 
 Jennifer.  I apologize.  I have to turn to assignment that Steve Kean just gave me.  I made it almost all the way through the document.  You did a fantastic job under the circumstances and given the time constraints.  If I can get Steve's assignment finished quickly, I will turn my attention back to this.  Hope it helps.  Best, Jeff 
 Crudely put (my apologies), I think it goes something like, "don't sacrifice the $200+ billion US electricity market for a $150 MM claim."  (Akin to the "domino theory" applied to the electricity market.)  That make any sense?  Best, Jeff    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 04/19/2001 02:13 PM 
 Hmmm. FYI.  Dear old Edison. 
 Shoot.  I'm sorry.  Is this what you called to discuss?  I'm here.  (with a "need yesterday" assignment from Steve).  Give me a call at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Will do.    Susan M Landwehr 04/19/2001 03:00 PM 
 what happened at the exec committee meeting? 
 Make sense for me to attend the meeting?    Steven J Kean 04/19/2001 12:31 PM 
 Greetings.  I'm back from vacation.  Trading voicemail with Jessie Knight (trying to get him to appear at the hearing).  If there's anything else you need me to do---call Ms Van Way, etc.---just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Look forward to it.  I've just had two "need them yesterday" requests that I need to complete today.  Are you available tomorow to discuss further?  Best, Jeff    Kurt Lindahl@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 04/19/2001 01:13 PM 
 Folks: My apologies.  This is not proofed, but I wanted to make sure that everyone had a chance to review and comment.  Apologies for any unintentional omissions and errors.  I think it tracks closely with the direction agreed to on the call today.  All comments are encouraged and welcome.  Best, Jeff 
 Attached is the final.  Thanks to all for help and comments.  Best, Jeff 
 See email. All comments compiled/integrated.  Final just sent.  Jeff 
 Huh? 
 Today's the 7th anniversary of the release of the California Commission's now infamous "Blue Book" that launched Direct Access.  Would it be bad taste for Skilling to note the anniversary on the call with Bryson?  Viva Choice....  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, man.    James D Steffes 04/20/2001 12:22 PM 
 Karen: See highlited section of story below.  PG&E's got it right.  Recall that DWR was only buying power that it determined was "priced reasonably." Consequently, the net short wasn't getting picked up.  That meant that the ISO would have to go to the real-time market to close the gap.  The ISO would then charge the utilities for the power purchased.  Recall that Bob Glynn referenced the $300 MM/month that continued to pile up on PG&E's balance sheet as one of the several reasons that PG&E put itself into bankruptcy. Now that PG&E's in bankruptcy, the state is now responsible for the full net short, and can't continue to sluff it off onto PG&E's balance sheet.  So it's therefore no surprise that the State's daily bill for power purchases has increased dramatically---just not for any of the bogus reasons cited by Governor Backbone.  Best, Jeff 
 Tagliolini with White Truffle 400g pasta dough 2 tbsp olive oil 50g fresh farmhouse butter freshly grated nutmeg 75 =01) 125g fresh white truffles ? Roll out pasta dough to desired thickness and cut into sheets 20cm wide. Allow to dry for a while Cut into Tagliolini (narrow ribbon noodles) and divide into small piles. Bring Plenty of salted water to a boil in a large saucepan, and add olive o= il=20 and noodles. Briefly bring back to boil and immediately drain off water, but leaving a= =20 small amount in the saucepan. Add butter, season with nutmeg and toss together. The residual liquid binds with the butter to make the pasta succulent. Serve at once, lavishly garnishing Tagliolini with sliced White truffles. ? Serves 4 
 Thanks.  Best of luck.  Don't hesitate to call if there's anything you need. Look forward to getting down to S.D. soon.  Maybe we can talk Jessie into having a drink.  Best, Jeff 
 i'll call him. 
 call me at 415.782.7822. jeff 
 just emailed u the stipulation. jeff 
 More recipes.  The other part would be fun to read to everyone at dinner.   STRANGOZZI WITH BLACK TRUFFLE Ingredients (4 people): 500 g of fresh hand-made strangozze, 150 g of black valuable truffle, extra-virgin olive oil, garlic, sat, black pepper and parsley. br> Preparation: Fry slightly the extra-virgin oil, the garlic and some parsley. Take the pan off from the stove, filter the spices and mix the other oil with the grated truffle seasoned with salt and black pepper. The pasta must be "al dente". Pour the sauce on the pasta and mix it on the stove at light heat for a while, then serve it guarnished with truffles slices.    The TRUFFLE history of a typical umbrian product  For a lot of people, the word truffle recalls a tuberous entity, marbled on the skin, with a nice scent, tasting delicious and it is usually associated to a good lunch, generously wet by sweet wine; for the botanics, instead, this is just the fruit spreading device of mushrooms wich adapted living in the underground. Since from the beginning truffles interested philosophers and scientists, starting fighting and discussions to whom neither very strict thinkers like Savonarola could avoid to partecipate. It is not so strange then that in the first book scientifically talking about mushrooms which has been printed, the Opusculus de Tuberis di Alfonso Ceccarelli da Bevagna (1564), was about TRUFFLES. Almost 2000 years before the Greek philosopher Teophrastus (370-287 a.C.) turned on the discussion asserting that truffles were vegetables without roots, originated during winter rains, if there were thunders. Strange theory, without doubts. The Romans were really crazy for truffles and the Latin poets Apicious and Giovenal glorified the truffles and their taste, writing also a recipes book. During the middle age it was the king on the refined tables of every king's court. In a document from Baron A. Ancaiani (1761) about the "active and passive commerce of the town of Spoleto" huge quantities of truffles sent to Florence and Venice are described. It seems they were really requested. Rossini defined it the Mozart of the kitchen and it is told that Napoleon used huge quantities of the truffle to provide a successor to his kingdom. About its botanic constitution, instead, until the late 18th century the strangest theories continued to be produced. The celeber naturalist Plinio il vecchio considered them as they were ground corns and a miracle. Bornolz (1780) thought they were an intermediate class between the animal and the vegetal kingdoms. Revel, in 1857, said the truffles were the result of a fly bite on a oak root. Just after the second half of 18th century the idea that the truffles were autonomous organisms, or better mushrooms, started to be accepted. Our Umbria keeps a rich ipogeous flora and since centuries is the first country in producing truffles, especially the valuable black truffle (Tuber melanosporum Vitt.) spread around the woods around Norcia and Spoleto. The mushroom has always different dimensions and it can vary from the width of a nut to that of an orange and it is very appreciated for the intensity of the smell and the rich taste. The collecting of the tubers happens during the time between December and March. Secondary is, in these same zones, the production of white truffle (Tuber Magnatum Pico) foun in Spoleto nearby valleys, but impressive is the production of summer "scorzone" truffle (Tuber aestivum Vitt.) and even of the "hooked" truffle (Tuber uncinatum Ch?teau), which have a peculiar taste and smell. what truffles are  With the name truffle are designed mushrooms belonging to the order of tuberales (Ascomycetes), because the mushrooms have a vegetal body formed by a white mold (micelius), constituted by thousand of very thin filaments (ife). This mold lives deep into the ground and it physically unites to the roots of several plants, originating a very peculiar symbiosis called "micorriza". When the ecolocical conditions are fine, the micelius generates the fructifer bodies which are formed in a variable range of 40-50 cm. deep in the ground. They are tuber-like shaped, or sheroidal or irregular and they are about 1 to 15 cm. long. The body is made by an internal substance called "gleba" in which you can distinguish the fertile zones (darker) which carry the "aschi", a peculiar kind of spore, and in which the spores (the vehicles of diffusion for this organisms) mature, and the sterile zones (lighter) which surround the fertile zones, originating in the most evolved species a characteristic venation system. The "gleba" is protected on the outside by a variable cortical layer called "peridio", inseparable from the "gleba". The "peridio" could have its surface smooth or rough or even warted. The color could be white, yellow-like, rusty, brown or blackish. These mushrooms have several different species (about 30 in Europe) distributed in all the continents. The valuable edible species, however, are very limited. chemical composition and nutritive value  In order to give some information about the nutritive value of this mushroom, two species of truffles have been examinated: rtuber melanosporum Vitt._ (valuable black truffle from Norcia or Spoleto) and rtuber magnatum Pico_ (valuable white truffle from Piemonte or Acqualagna). The valuable black truffle has been found in the Quercus Pubescens tartufaia in january. The white one has been found close to Citt. di Castello (High Tiber valley) in Populus Nigra tartufaia in November. These two different species of truffle are not so different about their chemical composition. The proteins are the main nutrient component for the metabolism: they are complete and rich, above all of lisyn, cystin and metionin, and they are very digestible. Even the minaral composition is great. The fat are essentially unsaturated and the most important is the linoleic acid. It is pretty relevant the fiber content. how to wash truffles  Before you can use truffles, you must gently clean it from the ground with a soft brush, in order to eliminate all the ground particles. It is suggestible, before starting the operation, to keep them under warm water for a couple of minutes. This will help the ground to fall from the space between the wrinkles. The skin is edible and it must be ate excactly as the rest of the truffle, and it is very aromatic and tasty. how to preserve truffles  Once it has been found in a good condition, it is important to process the tuber as soon as possible, because it is very easy for it to decay and lose its aromatic flavour. The soulution to this problem should be left to the specialized companies. Sometimes, however, you must do it by yourself, so here are some advice: before all don't remove the ground from the cracks because it will just accelerate the decaying process, but roll every truffle in a napkin and put it in a can or a jar, in the less cold part of your refrigerator. The paper must be changed every day. This procedure will allow you to save fresh truffles for about 5-6 days for the white one and for 10 days the black one. you can even save the truffles in a can containing rice, but this is not very smart, because you dry the tuber, taking the air off of it and helping the decaying. Another sytem is to deep fry the truffles in the oil, obtaining a sauce you can save in the refrigerator for about a month. Or you can crush it, if black, or slice it, if white, and then mix it with creamy butter and add some salt. Then you shape it as a brick or tube, as you like. Every time you would like to add to a dish the truffle aroma, you can just add a small flake of this valuable truffled butter, resting in the refrigerator. It is better to use the butter within a month from its preparation. truffles in cuisine keep always in mind that: a black truffle must never be grated or crushed in a mortar; it must never be cooked or too warm; never mix truffle and cheese; always use extra-virgin olive oil and salt; use it in dishes which are not alredy very flavoured (Ex. with boiled or grilled lake fish, with boiled or grilled poultry and so on.) 
 Greetings TJ: Well I'm in a pickle.  The memo you sent said we had from 11:30 AM to 10:00PM on 4.19, and from 7 AM to 9 AM on 4.20.  But the documentation I received from Telebears said from 1 PM on 4.19 to 1 PM on 4.20.  All that aside, I have obviously missed the times, it's my fault, and I apologize.  I spoke with Diane this morning and she suggested that I throw myself at the mercy of the court by writing you an email with my picks.  Here they are:  Class     Control #   My Priority  Units Competitive Strategy   09441     1  3 Negotiations    09514     2  3 Non-Profit Boards   09787     3  1 Financial Institutions and Markets 09472     4  3 Leadership and Change  09520     5  3  I'd like to take 7 units (2, 3-unit classes and the 1-unit class).  Sorry for the mix-up.  Thanks very much for you help.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 I thought that the call was at 4 pm today?  I'l llikely be in the office, but just to make sure, have them call me on my cell phone at 415.505.6633.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Looks like this is moving along.  I'll get this folks what they need and let you know how it's going. Best, Jeff 
 I'll read it then call you. 
 Looks good, Scott.  One thing:  I admit I'm not a lawyer, so someone needs to show me the precise language in AB 1890 that 1) requires the credit (which, I believe was created by the PUC, not the legislature) to be based on market and 2) requires DA customers to be indifferent to be from DA suppliers.  Mike Day:  Do you concur with Scott's interpretation in AB 1890?  Like your arguments, Scott.  Just want to clarify that we're on solid legal ground before putting the arguments foreward in a brief and/or protest.  Best, Jeff    Scott Stoness@EES 04/20/2001 10:46 AM 
 Hey there stranger: By the looks of your attire (very nice), and the pace of you walk the other night, looks like you're back in the working groove.  Hope work is fun and your classes are good.  I'm trying to get used to the "no life" thing again. And you slacked on the happy hour.  Best, Jeff 
 You got it.  Just give me a call and we'll walk through "the other side of the story."  Best, Jeff    Rob Bradley 04/20/2001 03:17 PM 
 The pleasure, Ms Denne, is all mine.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 04/20/2001 05:09 PM 
 Happy to.  It'll have to wait till Monday, though.  That work?    Rob Bradley 04/20/2001 05:25 PM 
 I nabbed the Co's 4 tickets (not great, but free) for the game against the Bums on Wed June 27th.  Starts at 4 PM. Interested.  The Tuesday game's at 7:30, but thought it'd be nice to see an early game.  Let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 You mean I can register in Telebears this Monday from 7 AM to 8 AM?  I have a 7 AM conference call on Monday, but I'll do my darnedest to register then. Thanks for being patient.  Best, Jeff 
 Harry: You clearly did a fantastic job, particularly under the circumstances described by Leslie.  Thanks a million for your help--we really needed it--and you managed to leave with your credibility intact, to boot.  And thanks. too, to Leslie.  The EES piece of the California puzzle is extremely challenging (as you know) and your and Harry's efforts are greatly appreciated.  I can cover the hearings on Monday and Tuesday.  Thanks again.  Best, Jeff 
 Bradford's a former career--PUC Commissioner (I think he's now with Moskovitz' RAP group).  Severin Borenstein's the UC Berkeley professor who's been vocal on wholesale market power and the need for real-time pricing to encourage conservation.  Don't know the other consultant fellow. 
 FYI:  Here's monthly share price date over last five years for:  OAT, KO, PEP, S&P, BRKA, BRKB.  (I included Berkshire in the event we want to say something about Buffet's recent performance.  I've attached another file with a chart that shows Buffet versus S&P for 1, 3 and 5 year performance)  For the OAT, KO, PEP, etc. file, calculated year-on-year performance (excluding dividends).  Also, you'll see highlighted in yellow month-on-month performance for 2001.  But ain't done any chart for that stuff yet.  Thought we'd discuss first.  Best, Jeff 
 Christine:  My apologies.  My schedule melted down after we talked on Monday.  Here's where folks came out.  There's some concern about size.  We're supposed to be no larger than 3, but we lobbied Aceves and he apparently Ok'd our "oversized" group.  The other folks in the group--who talked to him originally--are pretty sure that five will violate the rules.  Folks wondered if there were other groups that are smaller than ours that you could hook up with.  Sorry about that---it's a wrinkle that I didn't think about when we spoke.  If it gets real ugly trying to find a smaller group, let me know. Fortunately there's not another team case due for two weeks.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, we have been working with them.  Stephanie and I were asked to meet last week with the heads of the California Chamber and the California Manufacturer's Association, at which we discussed demand buy down, etc. at length.  It was a very positive meeting.  Stephanie left them with Reliant's Westwide demand exchange program.  And I believe that our folks (Jim?) are meeting with Reliant to discuss it further in D.C.  I can fax you a copy of what they're walking around if you don't have it. I'll let others chime in, but seems to me that it would be very useful to contact him.  Best, Jeff    Susan M Landwehr 04/22/2001 05:12 PM 
 Thanks.  Could you please send around the model, too?  I want to use for the financials table.  Best, Jeff 
 You'll be pleased to know that I registered over the web version of telebears this morning.  If there's anything else, please don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 No smoking gun in natural-gas cost probe By Jim Sanders Bee Capitol Bureau (Published April 23, 2001) It strikes at the heart of an energy crisis that has caused multibillion-dollar losses and could plunge California's economy into a tailspin: Did private companies manipulate markets to get rich off consumers' pain? An Assembly oversight committee spent hours last week grilling officials of El Paso Natural Gas Co. and an affiliate, El Paso Merchant Energy, companies that were accused by state regulators of anti-competitive practices that helped send gas prices soaring. Committee Chairman Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, said the hearing convinced him that El Paso exercised "market power" -- undue influence over supply, demand and prices -- even though no smoking gun surfaced in the testimony. "You have to look at this from a common-sense perspective -- the price spikes were astronomical," Steinberg said. "Could they have occurred in such an extraordinary fashion absent market manipulation? The answer, to me, clearly is no." No wrongdoing has yet been proved, however, and El Paso officials contend they have acted legally and ethically. State regulators have complained to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that El Paso and its affiliates made it difficult for others to use pipeline capacity into California so that El Paso could constrain natural gas supply, increase demand and enrich itself in domino-like fashion. Attorney Harvey Morris of the state Public Utilities Commission told legislators that El Paso improperly sold 40 percent of its California pipeline capacity to an affiliate, which set unrealistically high shipping prices to discourage use by others and drive up the market. "To us, it was pretty obvious what was going on," Morris testified. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which oversees interstate pipelines, has dismissed a PUC allegation that El Paso illegally gave preference to an affiliated company. But the federal agency has scheduled its own hearing into complaints of anti-competitive practices. FERC officials declined to testify at the Assembly hearing. El Paso executives say gas prices have been affected by weather, storage levels and other factors beyond their control, primarily extraordinary demand for natural gas needed by power plants to generate electricity. "We're not withholding capacity -- no one is," Ralph Eads, president of El Paso Merchant Energy, told the oversight panel Thursday. "With these prices, you want to sell every molecule." The controversy is fueled by records showing that natural gas prices at the Southern California border skyrocketed -- far exceeding national averages -- soon after El Paso Merchant assumed control of 1.2 billion cubic feet of daily pipeline capacity from its corporate parent. The El Paso pipeline, one of two key arteries to the state line in Southern California, stretches from Texas through New Mexico to the border town of Topock in Arizona. Prices more than quadrupled at Topock during the one-year period ending in March of this year, records show. Much of that rise stemmed from transportation rather than production costs. By February, prices at Topock had jumped from about $2.59 per million British thermal units to $12.69 per million Btu. Nationally, prices had risen from about $2.61 per million Btu to just $6 per million Btu in that same period, records show. But Assemblyman John Campbell, R-Irvine, a member of the oversight committee, warned against using such statistics to conclude that El Paso violated any federal pipeline laws or regulations. Making money off a crisis is not necessarily illegal, he said. Market conditions can place private companies in the catbird's seat, allowing them to reap big bucks. Are they obligated -- legally, not morally -- to restrict their profits? "To make the jump from profiting from a shortage to market manipulation is not something that should be done cavalierly," he said. The El Paso case is being watched closely by legislators and consumers. The PUC says that El Paso's market manipulation will cost California gas and electricity customers more than $100 million annually. The Brattle Group consulting firm has placed the figure much higher, estimating that cost increases for electricity customers of Southern California Edison Co. alone totaled about $750 million during the past year. El Paso and its affiliates are involved in selling pipeline space to other natural gas companies, selling gas themselves at the California border and generating alternative sources of electricity whose price is tied to natural gas costs. Shareholders stood to gain handsomely as gas prices shot upward, according to the PUC. El Paso Merchant's earnings before interest and taxes rose from $3 million in 1999 to $563 million in 2000, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The report gave no breakdown, however, of profits tied specifically to California. A research firm hired by El Paso, the Lukens Consulting Group, concluded that a complex chain reaction of factors -- not manipulation -- has rocked the state's natural gas industry and affected market dynamics and economics. "Higher electricity prices have caused an increase in demand for gas, which has led to higher prices of gas, which increased demand for pipeline capacity, which caused an increase in the price of pipeline capacity," the group said in a report distributed to legislators. But electricity generators, themselves under investigation in the Legislature for their pricing practices, make the reverse argument: Higher natural gas prices contributed to a rise in their costs for producing electricity. To support claims that El Paso acted unethically, the PUC says the company gave its affiliate an unfair competitive advantage in bidding for pipeline capacity to Southern California by: Structuring the auction to favor awarding the entire bloc to a single bidder. Twenty-four companies submitted bids for portions of the pipe. Only El Paso Merchant sought all of the capacity, offering $38.5 million for a 15-month contract. Failing to disclose to other bidders -- except El Paso Merchant -- that another affiliated company would soon offer discounted rates for use of an interconnection line extending from Topock into Southern California. Testifying before the Assembly committee, El Paso officials scoffed at the suggestion that their auction for pipeline capacity was rigged. The minimum price set for the pipeline space -- $37.5 million -- was a fair one. Auction terms stipulated the capacity would be parceled out if the total of all small bids exceeded the highest "total package" bid, the officials noted. There was nothing unusual about the El Paso affiliate, Mojave, offering a discount to its interconnection line. The line wasn't crucial to bidders. And all companies had the same opportunity to inquire about discount possibilities prior to submitting bids, the officials said. Attorney Peggy Heeg, an El Paso corporate vice president, said FERC strictly regulates relationships among affiliates. But it doesn't ban the types of rate discussions that an unrelated company might have with the corporation, she said. El Paso firms would and could not collude with each other to discourage competition, Heeg said. "(Affiliates) have to operate completely independently -- even if they have the same shareholders," she said. 
 Delainey/Whaley buy off on the approach?    James D Steffes 04/23/2001 07:52 AM 
 I mean on the approach for dealing with Edison re: alternative structures for payment.  When's the drop dead for getting edits to Jennifer's "solution" piece.  You looking at it?  Best, Jeff 
 Not a problem.  My concern is less about you and me---we both have views and are comfortable with the back and forth banter.  I'm actually concerned about Carolyn.  She has worked hard on this, and I think wants to be involved and participatory. I had the sense that she was feeling that she'd done a bunch of work that was ending up on the cutting room floor and that she wasn't getting a real opportunity to participate in the shaping of the analysis, the presentation, or responsibility for taking a piece of the presentation for Thursday.  I was sensing that she was frustrated.  Anil is also less extroverted, but based on discussions with him, I think that he is less concerned because he has some other pretty cosmic things on his plate right now.  My real concern is that everyone feels comfortable, understanding that working in groups is all about compromise, and that one should really expect to get about 70% or less of one's views included in a final product, given the nature of group dynamic.  I think we're getting close to something that everyone will good about, which is a pretty good goal to go after.  Thanks a bunch for the note.  Best, Jeff    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/23/2001 08:08 AM 
 Sorry.  Don't work.  I can do 1:45 California time, or after 3:15 California time.  Or 12:15 California time.  Or before 11:30 AM California time.  Thanks.    Joseph Alamo 04/23/2001 11:31 AM 
 I'm the lower right hand corner of the matrix (which I think, is like, ENTJ, or ENTP, or something), which I think translates to anarchist....    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/23/2001 08:48 AM 
 Appreciate the speedy response.  Actually, it's a "personal" event opposed to a business reason, and though important, I don't think it clears your hurdle.  No problem.  Never hurts to inquire, and I appreciate the consideration.  Best, Jeff    "Jonathan Berk" <berk@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 09/28/2000 04:01 PM Please respond to berk 
 Please include Sue on the call-in info. Thanks.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 04/23/2001 11:31 AM 
 Carolyn:  I wanted to apologize for the way the group dynamic has shaped up.  It's clear to me that you're a bit frustrated, and if I've contributed, I apologize.  You've done the most work on this project, your contribution has been very significant, and I personally am not satisfied about the way that the stuff you've pulled together (and your views) have been included.  At some point, though, it gets tough beating one's head against the wall.  Seems to me that, in a group, everyone should have some of their views included---that's what groups and compromises are all about.  After all, it's school.  We've made a lot of sacrifices to do it, and the point is to learn.  Anyway, I hope you'll still comment on the presentation, and I'm glad that you've agreed to do part of it on Thursday.  For my part, I felt that I pushed yesterday about as much as I'm prepared to push and at this point, I'll put the ratios tables together, offer a few edits, buy don' t see much use going to the mat.  Overall, I think it'll be an okay presentation, though getting there has been, well, bumpy.  But thanks very much for all the work you did.  It was important, and the presentation is better off for it.  Best, Jeff 
 In all week (as best I can tell right now).    Joseph Alamo 04/23/2001 11:58 AM 
 u still on call w/Edison?  jeff 
 when u get a chance, can you call and let me know how it went?  thanks. jeff 
 Dude: Two things.  First, in the midst of the craziness on Friday, my black, Northface parka ended up getting put someplace at Sarah's that I wasn't privvy to, and consequently I couldn't find it.  My house keys are in it, so it would great to get it back.  Could you check with Bob/Sarah and see if it's floating around someplace over there?  Muchos gracias.  Second, could you do me a favor?  Could you pay me the full amount for Squaw and then collect from Cameron for what she owes you?  Sorry to be a pain in the ass, but I think logistically, it'll be a whole helluvalot easier to manage it that way (at least from my end).  And to be an even bigger pain.....since my schedule's a disaster with school coming to a close, could you stick the check in the mail?  My address is:  366 Dolores St., #3 SF, 94110  Sorry for all the hassle.  Happy birthday, man.  Best, Jeff 
 Do you have a copy of the order? 
 Here are my comments.  Great job.  I think that the rate design table is a little impenetrable for folks who ain't close to it.  It might benefit from an addition bullet of explanation.  Best, Jeff 
 You have specific questions about the order?  Perhaps the best thing to do is jot down the specific questions, then we can route them to folks in the know (which is likely to be more than one person).  That make any sense? 
 FYI.  Her take on the Senate going after the creditors' dedicated rate component as the first (and most important) change is on target in my view. Best, Jeff    Kristin Walsh/ENRON@enronXgate 04/23/2001 02:07 PM 
 FYI.  The weekend of the 9th/10th is definitely out for me.  I'm sorry, honey. 
 FYI.  From our folks in Sacramento:  AB 1085 is AES' competitive default provider bill.  It's not an emergency bill, so it will be dealt with throughout the remainder of the spring and summer. AB 57 is a legislator's suggestions on how long-term contracts should be "regulated."  Also no an emergency bill. AB18X is an emergency bill and it would create a core/noncore split in electricity similar to the one that exists in California's gas market.  Best, Jeff 
 My apologies for getting the sponsor incorrect.  I'll notify folks.  We'll need to discuss tomorrow on the call what position, if any, we (Enron) takes vis-a-vis New Power's attempts to get default provider.  Thanks very much for the info.  Best, Jeff 
 Apologies.  The competitive default provider bill is actually being sponsored by our brave compatriots at The New Power Company. Best, Jeff 
 Carolyn:  If you'd planned on making a chart similar to the one that you did previously, the symbols are STISPBEVA for the S&P 500 beverage index and ?STISPFOOD for the S&P 500 food index.  Best, Jeff    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/23/2001 12:17 PM 
 You available to talk today? 
 I'll be going to everything, whether it makes sense or not, and spending a lot of money. 
 Thanks, man.  Up until the trauma and the drama (the genesis of which remains a mystery), I had a great time.  Please thank Sarah and Bob---great food, great company, etc.  Tell them sorry for leaving all my stuff lying around. Thanks for sending a single check.  $736 is the amount.  Talk to you soon.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/23/2001 04:23 PM 
 My apologies.  It ain't proofed.  Let me know if this is what you're looking for.  Best, Jeff 
 you know, i'd have to be in a store and have the opportunity to look at a bunch of styles in order to choose a pair.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 09/28/2000 03:50 PM 
 While I, too, am frustrated at how things turned out, I'm glad your content overall with the course.  Definitely one of the best--if not THE best--classes I've taken.  I really think that we need to get together tomorrow nite to finalize, but I don't feel like pushing it too much.  Your thoughts?  Best, Jeff    "Vavrek, Carolyn (US - San Francisco)" <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 04/23/2001 07:08 PM 
 Hi. Is there a reason I keep getting this stuff from these guys.  Sincerely, Clueless 
 I'm available. 
 Nice job.  You take a self-promotion course over the weekend?    Susan J Mara 04/24/2001 10:33 AM 
 I love you very much and of course want to be together, but some things need to be worked out because there's too much depression and pain associated with those incidents.  They have to stop.  I have never been embarrassed to be with you.  I'm as proud as can be.  I think that's something coming from within you that you need to work on, but I'm willing to help.  I don't want to end anything, but we need to fix it, or we'll have have to end it.  I love you and miss you.    Prentice Sellers <psellers@pacbell.net> 04/24/2001 10:56 AM 
 FYI.  Bob Williams should be touching base with you; or it would be useful for you to touch base with him.  Edison appears to be staking out it's negotiating position with us through their filing.  In short, they "recalculate" the PX credit post-Jan. 19 (when DWR took over procurement).  That recalculation turns our $125 MM dollar PX credit claim into $63MM.  So we're pretty far apart.  We agreed at this point to oppose the filing and say:  1) through the end of the rate freeze, or end of 3.31.02, the status quo remains--"PX credit" based on market price (Dow Jones index). 2) however, if you want to go "utility purchase" price as the basis for the credit, then it must be the utility's full cost of power (retained gen+QFs+DWR+ISO real time). 3) negative credit during the transition can still occur. 3) Edison's proposal should be rejected.  Best, Jeff 
 The "big" meetings, which happen about every quarter, are de rigeur.  The summer "big" meeting is an absolute must (and generally very fun).  I'll be there.  Hope you're there, too.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  Did you hear from Sue Mara re: how the California ISO works? 
 Plz look up decision no. 01-04-006 on the commission's website.  it has to do with interruptible and curtailment issues and rotating outages, i.e., blackouts.  Thanks a million, Jeff 
 Carpenter is saying that prices went up due to manipulation, pure and simple, we're saying that it's the reasons listed on the 1 1/2 pager that I sent. Give a call and we can discuss further.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Could you email me the final version of the stipulation.  Thanks a lot.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 FYI.  Might be useful to have the bill forwarded to the larger group, in addition to Gavin. Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Please also fax copies to Jim and Rick in Houston at 713.646.8160.  Best, Jeff    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 04/24/2001 04:31 PM 
 The interim settlement never got voted out.  Therefore it ain't official, so there's no requirement yet to refile anything.  (Welcome to California.)  In fact, folks are still trying to get the Commission to reject the IS and approve the one that we worked on (though the chances of that are not huge, at this point).  Give a holler if there's anything else.  Best, Jeff    Stephanie Miller 04/24/2001 02:00 PM 
 Greetings all: I'l have the financials and any other comments/suggestions done and sent to all this evening.  I have a conference call at 7 am tomorrow.  Apologies. But I think it's very important that we get together one last time to ensure that we're all on the same page, that folks understand clearly what slides they're responsible for presenting, etc.  What about lunch tomorrow (we're all in the city), or at 5 PM (before the ball game)?  Lemme know.  Best, Jeff    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/24/2001 09:51 AM 
 Gang:  I'm finalizing what we talked about yesterday and something struck me w.r.t. siting reform.  One of our key messages in California and nationally is that price spikes are due in no small part to outmoded, arcane siting rules and a shortage of power as a result.  Price spikes have led to wholesale and retail price caps, investigations, utility under-recovery, and threats of rolling back de-regulation, to name a few.  Understanding that Dave raises some good points about why he's not thrilled about getting involved in more siting reform bills, could someone argue that from a corporate objective, getting a good siting reform bill passed this session is a fairly high priority?  I'm not sure what the answer is, but it struck me as I was pretty-ing up the document and I thought I'd put it out there for reaction.  Best, Jeff 
 could you send my the slides that you put together on Saturday?  Muchas Gracias.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Ms Hunter: I'll be participating via conference call.  Best, Jeff 
 Works for me.    "Guinney, Mark" <Mark_Guinney@watsonwyatt.com> 04/24/2001 02:20 PM 
 Vicki must be tired of me being the perpetual bearer of bad tidings...  You bet.  You want to call me at my office?  Best, Jeff    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 06:05 PM 
 Actually, could you call me on my cell phone @ 415.505.6633?  Best, Jeff 
 I cleaned this up a little bit.  Best, Jeff 
 merci. 
 Can't wait to meet the little bundle of joy. 
 Last week, I distributed a presentation that the Brattle Group gave before the California Inquisition (i.e., legislative gas oversight committee looking into the gas price spikes at the Cal border).  The Brattle Group is a consulting firm that Edison has long used to beat up on SoCalGas (recall that Edison used to be a big gas customer when it owned power plants).  Edison "arranged" for the Brattle Group to be the star witness at the Cal Leg gas hearing.  Their job was to set up El Paso and Dynegy for the hit at hearings that took place the following day.  Their message was simple (and simplistic):  El Paso and Dynegy have market power. They have used the market power to drive up basis and thus the price of gas at the border (to "obscene" levels). That, in turn, has driven up electricity prices.  Ken Lay is giving a gas talk tomorrow, and Rob Bradley asked that I provide the alternative view to the Edison/Brattle rant, in the event that he gets any questions on the topic.  It's attached.  Apologies, it's quick and dirty, but it provides the basics.  Obviously no need for us to defend El Paso or Dynegy, but might be useful to offer a more rationale explanation than the one that the California Legislature is peddling.  Finally, we were also fingered somewhat as culprits at the hearing (the California PUC FERC lawyer claimed that ENA and TW colluded to drive up basis when ENA controlled a portion of  the capacity), but the overriding goal of the hearing was to go after EP and Dynegy.  Best, Jeff 
 Any of those days work EXCEPT the 22nd.    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 09/28/2000 03:19 PM 
 Presume we'll talk tomorrow re: Cal solution?  jeff 415.782.7822. 
 Harry:  Per my voicemail.  Let's talk first thing in the AM to discuss.  Best, Jeff    JBennett <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 04/24/2001 07:36 PM 
 Here's the ratio analysis.  Let me know if you'd like me to put it into a text table for the presentation.  Best, Jeff 
 It was only a draft.  The commission has to vote it out for it to become effective.  They've delayed doing that.  Therefore it's status quo on the SoCalGas system.    Stephanie Miller/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 08:58 AM 
 Apologies.  My schedule's been difficult to control.  I am in fact in the office this morning, so you can call me here at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 08:29 AM 
 This is a very good synopsis of the gas crimes trials in California.  Pleas= e=20 note comments of Assembly Republican John Campbell---perhaps the sole brigh= t=20 spot in the California Legislature...  Competing evidence clouds Calif. investigation  Prompted in part by the California Public Utilities Commission, the=20 California Assembly has been scrutinizing the role that interstate pipelines have played in the= =20 state=01,s current energy crisis. In the efforts to find a smoking gun, legislators have leane= d=20 heavily on a report prepared by The Brattle Group, a consultancy commissioned by utility= =20 Southern California Edison to dig up evidence of market power abuse.  But the state=01,s biggest transporter of gas to California -- El Paso Natu= ral=20 Gas -- is not ready to take the rap. The pipeline has commissioned its own study, which i= t=20 recently presented as evidence that it has not circumvented any laws or regulation.  As reported in both the trade press and national media, SoCal Ed and the CP= UC=20 are pointing the finger of blame at El Paso for alleged manipulation of California borde= r=20 prices through affiliate deals and capacity hoarding. And exhibit A in their case against = El=20 Paso is The Brattle Group=01,s study of the California market.  Richard Zeiger, a spokesman for Assembly Member Darrell Steinberg, chairman= =20 of the California Assembly Judiciary Committee, told Gas Daily that The Brattle=20 Group=01,s market study proved that the surge in gas prices at the California border was not= =20 caused by normal market forces (GD 4/20). His remarks followed an oversight hearing during= =20 which Assembly members questioned Dynegy and El Paso officials about their involvement in= =20 the California market.  El Paso presented a different version of events to the Assembly. In a repor= t=20 presented to legislators, a research group hired by El Paso concluded that a convergence= =20 of factors, not a conspiracy, caused the price run-up.  Lukens Consulting Group, a Houston-based consultancy, was retained by El Pa= so=20 to conduct work on several fronts. In its study of the California market, Lukens=20 concluded that the increasing convergence of the gas and electricity businesses was one of the= =20 main culprits in the California gas price imbroglio.  Assemblyman John Campbell, a Republican member of the oversight committee,= =20 said he "didn=01,t see any smoking gun" in either report.  "We had our committee hearing, and we certainly had a lot on the Brattle=20 Study and a little on the Lukens study. To some degree, I=01,m not sure that the California=20 legislature is the best place to adjudicate the differences between these two studies," Campbell=20 said. "I believe FERC is looking at this situation " and it would seem to me that that=01,s the= =20 appropriate place."  Campbell said that the CPUC had been prodding the California legislature to= =20 give support to its claims of market power abuse by pipelines. "It=01,s being pushed=20 basically by the Public Utilities Commission here, which believes that there was collusion" by=20 pipeline companies to push up gas prices in California, he said.  The CPUC, Campbell suggested, sought satisfaction before the California=20 assembly when it had failed on the federal level: "There=01,s a concerted effort, not jus= t on=20 natural gas but on other things here in California, for entities and organizations here to point the= =20 finger elsewhere for the problems that we=01,re having in this state and I think you=01,re seein= g some=20 of that with the public utilities commission."  Whether either report wins over the public incensed by high natural gas=20 prices is a different matter entirely. In the meanwhile, the dueling California market studies se= em=20 to have taken on a life of their own.  The Brattle Group Study, for instance, has become the center of a heavily= =20 litigated effort to force FERC to compel the release of market data by California market=20 participants. Following on a request by SoCal Ed, which said it needed additional data to round out= =20 The Brattle Group report, FERC Chief ALJ Curtis Wagner issued subpoenas to the other three=20 major pipelines that serve the state as well as to Sempra Energy Trading.  Several parties resisted FERC=01,s call for market information, saying the= =20 requested data contained commercially sensitive information. FERC allowed the discovery=20 process to move forward but only after attaching strict data protection rules restricting= =20 access to evidence (GD 4/23).  Critics of the pipeline industry have already suffered one setback in their= =20 case. The commission recently dismissed the CPUC=01,s claim that El Paso rigged the auction of a= =20 large block of pipeline capacity in favor of affiliate El Paso Merchant Energy. In=20 addressing the California Assembly, representatives of Dynegy said that FERC=01,s recent ruling on th= e=20 California border controversy obviated the need for more investigation.  The controversy, however, is far from over. FERC last month also ordered a= =20 hearing into whether El Paso Natural Gas and its affiliates manipulated capacity to driv= e=20 up the price of gas delivered into California (GD 3/29). That hearing is likely to take place= =20 this summer. (RP00- 241, et al.) NH 
 Yes, I can do the call. 
 Wanted to make sure u knew:  S&P downgraded CA rating--two notches--from AA to A+.  Only Louisiana is lower.  AND S&P kept CA on cred. watch--could go lower.  It's slipping thru Davis' fingers.  Jeff 
 Also, talked to M. Day.  those one-pagers should be coming in the next hour. jeff 
 Greetings.  Is there a chance of setting up a call-in number for these meetings?  Hope all is well in the land of craziness.  Best, Jeff 
 I have one: Houston's coming to town for a meeting on Friday, the 4th. 
 I'll be there about ten after 12.  Here are some minor comments I have on t= he=20 presentation.  I'm going to try to go thru the rest and give any final=20 comments by 8 PM tonite.  Or maybe we can do that over lunch.  Best, Jeff  *************************************************************** Slide #1  Coke=01,s acquisition of Quaker Oats:  Why did it fizzle?  =06=15 In November 2000, Coke offered to purchase Quaker Oats for $15.75 bi= llion=20 in stock.  =06=15 In December 2000, Coke withdrew its offer.  =06=15 The press and analysts credit Warren Buffet, Coke=01,s largest share= holder,=20 with killing the deal.  Was Buffet right to kill the deal?  Slide #2  Summary of Deals  [[Need to put labels on each of the deal values.  I think that this slide= =20 should go after the =01&History of Deal=018 slide.]]  Slide #3  History of Deal  Need dates:  =01&In November 2000: Pepsi offers OAT rejects Pepsi KO offers 15.75 B KO withdraws offer=018 
 Thank you for helping on this. 
 chk email.  memo from Day just arrived.  Best, Jeff 
 No thanks necessary.  My pleasure.  Hope that it helped.  What was the gist of his comments regarding the gas side?  Best, Jeff    Rob Bradley 04/25/2001 03:43 PM 
 If Ken Lay's going to be in Sac, seems that he should meet with John Burton. You agree?  Jeff 
 You're a saint(esse). 
 Yes.    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 04:10 PM 
 i wouldn't worry about that....    Leslie Lawner 04/25/2001 04:24 PM 
 Thanks.  Please continue to include me on all the FERC related ditties.  Mary agree that we don't need to file separately?    Susan J Mara@EES 09/28/2000 06:04 PM 
 If Ken Lay's going to Sac to have meetings, seems that he should meet w/Burton.  You agree?  Thx, Jeff 
 Rosalee: Thanks very much for helping arrange the meetings.  Here is the list thus far.  There may be additions.  I've also suggested dates for the meetings.  May 3rd in Sacramento (after the meeting with David Freeman):  Governor Davis (he spends a lot of time in Los Angeles and you may find that he prefers to meet there). House Speaker Robert Hertzberg House Republican member John Campbell (Republican's point person on energy issues) House Minority Leader David Cox Senate Majority Leader John Burton Senate Minority Leader Jim Brulte  May 4th--Morning, in Los Angeles John Bryson, CEO Edison International Governor Davis (unless the meeting occurs on the 3rd in Sacramento)  May 4th--Afternoon, in San Francisco Bob Glynn, CEO PG&E  Joseph Alamo from our office will provide you with the phone numbers for John Campbell, David Cox, John Burton, and Jim Brulte.  I assume that your office has the numbers for John Bryson and Bob Glynn.  If you do not have the numbers, let me know and I will get them for you.  Thanks again for your help.  Best, Jeff     Rosalee Fleming 04/25/2001 03:09 PM 
 call when you're ready to start up again. jeff 
 make sense to do this if sanders can't make it? jeff 
 Got your message.  Thanks. I think that 2 hours is the most we'll want to take with Freeman.  Might be shorter, but I can't imagine that it would go any longer.  Best, Jeff 
 note from linda sez he can't make it.  jeff 
 You got it. 
 Thanks. jeff 
 I think this captures it.  I've also attached the "Posture" document Sue wrote up.  While Paul takes a first crack at the cover memo, please review both documents and see if there are any changes that either needs.  Best, Jeff 
 Breathitt's hanging tough, siding w/Hebert, standing for markets.  Jeff 
 sounds like cap on stages 1-3 based on least efficient, marginal unit.  jeff 
 "Must-sell" provision for "participating" generators in real-time markets. Jeff 
 Demand-side bidding in real-time markets to pay for curtailment.  "Study" WSCC to see if "mitigation" needed throughout the West.  jeff 
 Let's get back together first thing in the AM to finish the "solutions" doc. I've done some more editing.  Off now to school stuff.  Jeff 
 Here are my brief edits to the presentation--added a couple of bullets to the Quaker slide and tightened up the deal summary slide.  Also attaching a word doc of additional info for everyone for use during the presentation and Q&A. Also attached is the deal comps table.  Best, Jeff 
 hey buddie.  our stock's up (so FERC order ain't so bad?).  w/the lay thing, Vickie's memo's gotta wait.  You concur.  best,jeff 
 See my note and Christine's response.  Thoughts?  Suggestions?  Jimmie, apparently she's had a crush on you ever since she heard you say, "Cash-sucking machine." 
 thanks. jeff 
 poor thing.  what else is there after dual 790s?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 04/26/2001 10:29 AM 
 looking at it right now. 
 One minor edit---it's the PX, not the ISO, that's taken itself into voluntary bankruptcy.  See redline version attached.  Only other comment:  I'm not sure that, technically/contractually, we entered into transactions with the PX (in the same way that I don't think that folks enter into transactions with NYMEX).  (See opening line of last paragraph.)  We have exposure to thePX based on our commercial activity that took place through the PX, and that exposure depends on how the PX /FERC decide particular issues.  In short, we have transactions with the utilities, and exposure to the PX based on transactions that we entered into with other counter parties via the PX market mechanism.  That said, seems to me that, for the purposes of the disclosure, the language is fine---just want to raise the flag. Might be useful to run it by Richard Sanders.  Hope this helps.  Best, Jeff 
 I thought that you're going to be at pacbell park all weekend. 
 10,000 creditors seek PG&E billions Confidential list reveals each vendor's claim David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer Thursday, April 26, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/04/26/M N229624.DTL The plight of PG&E's vast array of business partners, many of which are owed millions of dollars, is made painfully clear in a confidential list of creditors now being compiled for the utility's bankruptcy proceedings. A copy of the list, obtained by The Chronicle, illustrates the impact of the third largest bankruptcy in U.S. history on PG&E's thousands of vendors. This also is the first time the monetary value is being revealed for each Pacific Gas and Electric Co. contract. "It's going to be a cat fight," said Cathy Moran, a Mountain View bankruptcy attorney. "They'll be fighting over a limited pot of money, and each party will be seeking preferential treatment." The $9 billion owed by the utility to its more than 10,000 creditors constitutes the largest-ever bankruptcy involving a utility. The need to keep California's lights on adds a virtually unprecedented level of complexity to the proceedings. Companies on the creditor list run the gamut from huge to tiny. IBM Corp. and Pacific Bell are joined by the likes of Pete's Auto Body Shop in Merced and Sponges Car Wash in San Ramon. "We provide gas and electricity to 13 million people," said Ron Low, a PG&E spokesman. "Behind all the poles and wires are thousands of employees and the thousands of vendors who support them." He said every department at the utility had spent weeks pulling together information for the creditor list, to be submitted to Bankruptcy Judge Dennis Montali by mid-May. 'REPAY ALL OUR CREDITORS' "We've had to look at all the contracts we have with companies and individuals," Low said. "It is our intention to repay all our creditors." Whether the various creditors receive all, some or none of the cash owed them will be determined once a reorganization plan is worked out, perhaps years down the road. The Bankruptcy Court will contact all PG&E creditors and invite them to submit what is known as a "proof of claim" -- evidence that the creditor indeed is owed money. This is a matter taken very seriously by San Martin's Allwaste Transportation, a chemical disposal firm, which relies on PG&E for about a quarter of its total revenues. As it happened, an Allwaste technician was pumping hazardous waste out of PG&E's Humboldt Bay power plant near Eureka at the exact same time that the utility was filing for bankruptcy protection on April 6. Payment for that service, as with hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of other jobs, is now in limbo as a result of PG&E's bankruptcy. 'THEY STUCK WITH US' "PG&E is very important to us," said Lee Soares, Allwaste's operations manager. "This is definitely a hit." He added, however, that his company would stand behind the utility. "They stuck with us when we went bankrupt," Soares acknowledged. Many of PG&E's creditors reflect the utility's core operations. For example, the list contains numerous affiliates involved with power poles, trimming trees around electricity lines or laying pipes for natural gas transmission. Meanwhile, other creditors speak to the nuts and bolts of running a business with 21,500 workers and far-reaching activities. If a PG&E truck is involved in a fender-bender in the East Bay, it might be taken to The Masters body shop in Hayward, which has a contract with the utility valued at $28,800. "We do a lot of work for them," said co-owner Jan Masters. "We'd miss the account if they stopped coming." That hasn't happened yet. Masters said PG&E had continued bringing its vehicles to her two-person shop since the bankruptcy filing. So far, the utility has paid its bills promptly. "They don't get the vehicle back if we don't get paid," Masters noted. One of the most prominent creditors on PG&E's list is Hertz Equipment Rental Corp. The utility's $13 million contract makes it Hertz's single biggest corporate client in the Bay Area and one of its largest in the nation. 500 PAYMENTS DUE HERTZ According to the creditor list, PG&E has nearly 500 payments for various equipment and vehicle rentals outstanding with Hertz. The individual transactions range in value from as much as $97,539 to as little as $1. "We provide a lot of equipment for them, heavy construction equipment to build things," said Diana Kirby, who handles the PG&E account at Hertz's Rohnert Park headquarters. "Basically, they couldn't afford to purchase all the items they rent from us. "Their filing for bankruptcy will have a large impact on us," she added. "But we'll weather the storm. What else can we do?" That's the dilemma facing all PG&E creditors, large and small. A select committee of the utility's largest creditors will seek to represent other vendors during the bankruptcy proceedings. In typical Chapter 11 cases, this arrangement tends to work smoothly for all concerned. But in a case as sprawling and complicated as PG&E's reorganization, there is a possibility that the interests of smaller creditors can get lost in the shuffle. The bankruptcy judge could seek to simplify things by addressing the claims of PG&E's smaller creditors first, thus reducing the size of the playing field when the big guys begin duking it out. "This case is going to write its own rules," predicted Moran, the bankruptcy lawyer. "You've got a very large number of dollars and the public interest involved." STRANGE BEDFELLOWS You also have a situation in which PG&E's financial demise has made bedfellows of companies and individuals that might otherwise have never crossed paths. Xerox Corp. now stands arm-in-arm with Hayward's A-1 Septic Tank Service. Enterprise Rent-A-Car is a comrade of Modesto's Jack Frost Ice Service. Hewlett-Packard Co. in Palo Alto has more than 40 claims outstanding for computer services ranging in value from $22 to $72,583. But the company already is looking ahead to new deals. "PG&E has been a good customer," said Randy Lane, an H P spokesman. "We would expect that, after the proceedings are done, they'll continue to be a good customer." On the other hand, freelance photographer Steve Castillo in Menlo Park has a contract with PG&E valued at $25,000 to shoot pictures for the utility's in- house newsletter. That was when times were good. "I assume I'm not going to get any more calls from them," Castillo said. Top 10 PG&E creditors Bank of New York ($2.2 billion) California Power Exchange ($1.9 billion) Bankers Trust Co. ($1.3 billion) California Independent System Operator ($1.1 billion) Bank of America ($938 million) U.S. Bank ($310 million) Calpine Gilroy Cogeneration ($57 million) Calpine Greenleaf ($49 million) Crocket Cogeneration ($48 million) Calpine King City ($45 million) E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. 
 Greetings folks: Just checking in to see how we're doing and if folks got the files that I sent last night.  Should we try to meet at 5:30 to do a final run through?  I think that we might be the very first presentation (yikes).  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings Ms Guerrero:  I'd suggest that we set up the briefing with Ken for Tuesday afternoon, given that we've got a lot to do between now and then.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks a bunch for all the work you've done on this bloody thing.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  As you recall, based on the meeting that I attended at SVMG with Karen Denne and Jeff Skilling, they put me on their internal distribution list (though I'm not sure that they realize it).  Here's the latest from Carl Guardino, the groups Exec Dir, and Davis appointee to the ISO.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the note.  I'm going to pass it along to the others.  Will get back to you very soon.  Remember that there's no team case due on Monday because class is cancelled and everything got pushed back.  But the first individual case has to be done by Tuesday.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Report by the business community of the impact of blackouts on the Cal economy.  Getting a considerable amount of play here.  Best, Jeff  P.S.  Karen, could you forward to our buddies at Marathon?  Thanks very much. 
 o mah gawd, you're kidding, right?    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/26/2001 01:03 PM 
 Jim: Am doing my final edits to solutions.  Know Jen and Robert are still working, but I'm continuing through.  Will email to you within hour.  Then turning to SCE MOU.  Best, Jeff 
 electronically tagged prior to departure, though, I'm sure.  Hey, did you sent the check yet?  (signed, scrooge)    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 04/26/2001 01:25 PM 
 ain't got anything yet.  you get the stuff that i sent last nite? 
 Yeah, gave the disc to Prentice.  Also (and don't ask me how this happened, cuz I couldn't tell ya), Cameron put the battery to her camera (I think?) in my shirt pocket.  I gave that to Prentice last night, too.  So she's got both of them.  Thanks a million (or at least $736) for the check.  Best, Jeff 
 call me on my cell phone (415.505.6633) when you get a chance.  thx, jeff 
 Looks good to me.  See you at 5:30 at Mr. Beans.  Best, Jeff 
 Sounds great.  Could you touch base with Paul and coordinate?  Muchas gracias.  Best, Jeff 
 CEO of Edison.    Susan M Landwehr 04/26/2001 03:37 PM 
 Hi Scott:  Thanks for the note.  Hope things are well.  I'd like to call the El Paso person if that works for you.  Yep, moratorium's still in place (at least to build your own---you can always get someone who previously received authority to do it for you).  I'll keep you posted.  Best, Jeff    Scott_Pleus@enron.net 09/28/2000 11:17 AM 
 Buddie:  Solutions doc is in your in-box.  I'm moving on to SCE MOU analysis.  Call if need anything. Best, Jeff 
 You gotta go.    Susan Scott/ENRON@enronXgate 04/26/2001 03:49 PM 
 Don't have my car here.  Planned on taking BART, but if possible, might be useful to carpool--give us additional time to discuss the presentation.  I'm game.  Best, Jeff    "Sama, Anil" <anil.sama@intel.com> 04/26/2001 04:07 PM 
 yes, you ain't seen it? 
 faxed at noon california time. 
 Greetings Rosie:  As you confirm meetings with Mr. Lay next week, could you drop a line to Maureen, Janel and me?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 let me see what i can do.    Lisa Yoho 04/26/2001 04:49 PM 
 I think that there's something wrong with your email.. I'll be at market and beale.  best, jeff 
 what time you picking up? 
 Thanks.  If you'd like to have a conversation that doesn't include the whole gang on the conference call about the Brattle Group stuff, give me a call and we can have a calmer, more detailed discussion without all the noise.  Best, Jeff 
 OK, I'm a mindless idiot.  And an embarrassed one at that.  To which offer are you referring?  Also, learned that PG&E's big "want" in the Son of Gas Accord is a few hundred million to build more Tx and Local Tx.  Sounds like this could have an IMMENSE negative impact on TW.  You better get your fanny out here, like pronto.  I sense death and destruction. 
 thank you.  nice job on the call today. 
 FYI.  This is the presentation that the Brattle Group---a consulting group= =20 that Edison has long used on gas issues in California---gave last week to t= he=20 legislative committee investigating wholesale gas prices at the California= =20 Border.  The day following this presentation (which was followed by a=20 presentation by the California PUC's FERC lawyer), the committee called El= =20 Paso and Dynegy to respond to Brattle's and the CPUC FERC lawyer's=20 presentations.  Also attached is the best synopsis of the hearing that I've= =20 seen in the press.  Best, Jeff ***************************************************************************= *** **************************************************** Competing evidence clouds Calif. investigation  Prompted in part by the California Public Utilities Commission, the=20 California Assembly has been scrutinizing the role that interstate pipelines have played in the= =20 state=01,s current energy crisis. In the efforts to find a smoking gun, legislators have leane= d=20 heavily on a report prepared by The Brattle Group, a consultancy commissioned by utility= =20 Southern California Edison to dig up evidence of market power abuse.  But the state=01,s biggest transporter of gas to California -- El Paso Natu= ral=20 Gas -- is not ready to take the rap. The pipeline has commissioned its own study, which i= t=20 recently presented as evidence that it has not circumvented any laws or regulation.  As reported in both the trade press and national media, SoCal Ed and the CP= UC=20 are pointing the finger of blame at El Paso for alleged manipulation of California borde= r=20 prices through affiliate deals and capacity hoarding. And exhibit A in their case against = El=20 Paso is The Brattle Group=01,s study of the California market.  Richard Zeiger, a spokesman for Assembly Member Darrell Steinberg, chairman= =20 of the California Assembly Judiciary Committee, told Gas Daily that The Brattle=20 Group=01,s market study proved that the surge in gas prices at the California border was not= =20 caused by normal market forces (GD 4/20). His remarks followed an oversight hearing during= =20 which Assembly members questioned Dynegy and El Paso officials about their involvement in= =20 the California market.  El Paso presented a different version of events to the Assembly. In a repor= t=20 presented to legislators, a research group hired by El Paso concluded that a convergence= =20 of factors, not a conspiracy, caused the price run-up.  Lukens Consulting Group, a Houston-based consultancy, was retained by El Pa= so=20 to conduct work on several fronts. In its study of the California market, Lukens=20 concluded that the increasing convergence of the gas and electricity businesses was one of the= =20 main culprits in the California gas price imbroglio.  Assemblyman John Campbell, a Republican member of the oversight committee,= =20 said he "didn=01,t see any smoking gun" in either report.  "We had our committee hearing, and we certainly had a lot on the Brattle=20 Study and a little on the Lukens study. To some degree, I=01,m not sure that the California=20 legislature is the best place to adjudicate the differences between these two studies," Campbell=20 said. "I believe FERC is looking at this situation " and it would seem to me that that=01,s the= =20 appropriate place."  Campbell said that the CPUC had been prodding the California legislature to= =20 give support to its claims of market power abuse by pipelines. "It=01,s being pushed=20 basically by the Public Utilities Commission here, which believes that there was collusion" by=20 pipeline companies to push up gas prices in California, he said.  The CPUC, Campbell suggested, sought satisfaction before the California=20 assembly when it had failed on the federal level: "There=01,s a concerted effort, not jus= t on=20 natural gas but on other things here in California, for entities and organizations here to point the= =20 finger elsewhere for the problems that we=01,re having in this state and I think you=01,re seein= g some=20 of that with the public utilities commission."  Whether either report wins over the public incensed by high natural gas=20 prices is a different matter entirely. In the meanwhile, the dueling California market studies se= em=20 to have taken on a life of their own.  The Brattle Group Study, for instance, has become the center of a heavily= =20 litigated effort to force FERC to compel the release of market data by California market=20 participants. Following on a request by SoCal Ed, which said it needed additional data to round out= =20 The Brattle Group report, FERC Chief ALJ Curtis Wagner issued subpoenas to the other three=20 major pipelines that serve the state as well as to Sempra Energy Trading.  Several parties resisted FERC=01,s call for market information, saying the= =20 requested data contained commercially sensitive information. FERC allowed the discovery=20 process to move forward but only after attaching strict data protection rules restricting= =20 access to evidence (GD 4/23).  Critics of the pipeline industry have already suffered one setback in their= =20 case. The commission recently dismissed the CPUC=01,s claim that El Paso rigged the auction of a= =20 large block of pipeline capacity in favor of affiliate El Paso Merchant Energy. In=20 addressing the California Assembly, representatives of Dynegy said that FERC=01,s recent ruling on th= e=20 California border controversy obviated the need for more investigation.  The controversy, however, is far from over. FERC last month also ordered a= =20 hearing into whether El Paso Natural Gas and its affiliates manipulated capacity to driv= e=20 up the price of gas delivered into California (GD 3/29). That hearing is likely to take place= =20 this summer. (RP00- 241, et al.) NH 
 Just for the record, I just reviewed my "Jeff's Goals for 2001" that Paul and I worked up, and "doing time for the company" didn't make the list this year.  Paul, I double-checked and "dating Loretta Lynch" is, likewise, not on the list.  Best, Jeff 
 There a  call-in number for this? 
 I'll make sure that you're on this distribution list (you're not currently = on=20 it, right?).  Best, Jeff 
 415.782.7822. 
 FYI. Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group already running mock "black out" drills.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks to all.  Ended up working out pretty well.  We may have been the only folks thus far that finished within 20 minutes (or 45 minutes, it seems, for that matter).  Best, Jeff 
 you still ain't got it?  I sent it to you twice yesterday.  You think we have an email problem?  Best, Jeff 
 thank you 
 The Bryson meeting will likely be Steve and Ken, or me and Steve and Ken---at least that's the poop that I've received thus far.  Best, Jeff 
 Give me a call.  I'm thinking that from your note, the CA meetings are getting in your way.  I was hoping that KL could meet with Bryson on the 4th, but looks like they already scheduled.  I just want to make sure that Rosie doesn't get all crossed up with many of us sending her stuff.  Let's talk and maybe I can get the Bryson meeting rearranged.  Your pal, Jeff 
 Hey buddy: I'm going to have to bail on the solutions doc at this point so that I can focus on the backgrounder, the MOU and the buy down.  Also, I'll be in Houston on Monday. Best, Jeff 
 you get a chance to see the work that I did on the document and sent you yesterday? 
 Hi: I'm going to call you in a bit--I'm on a conference call right now.  We need to coordinate just a wee bit.  Landwehr's all over Rosie, and we're getting mixed up between her RGA meetings and the CA meetings. I talked to her a little this AM and expressed a concern that we not get poor Rosie all wrapped around an axle and confused.  We may have several points of contact here for various issues.  No big deal, but I want to make sure things don't get more complicated than they need to be.  I'll forward you a note from Sue to Rosie (and me) that you weren't on.  Also want to talk about your voicemail last night--i.e., I may need to travel with KL, which is fine by me if that's necessary.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  We need to reign Sue in just a teensy bit. 
 oh man.  I sent to you yesterday---the solutions piece.  did a bunch of work on it.  here it is. 
 chk email for the stuff i did yesterday on solutions doc.  lots of edits and did consistent formatting.  jeff 
 on interminable conference calls.  i'll call les.  best, jeff 
 Jim: Here's the DG stuff from the Hertzberg letter ***************************************************************************= 8  Key Barriers to the Development of Distributed Generation and Proposals to= =20 Remove the Barriers  Barrier:  Excessive and Unnecessary Utility Stand-by Charges  Solution The executive orders issued by the Governor on February 14th took a step in= =20 the right direction, but don=01,t go nearly far enough.  Utility stand-by= =20 charges have always been designed by the utilities to protect their monopol= y=20 position, extract monopoly prices from customers, or both.  They must be=20 eliminated for all distributed generation applications.  There is no reason= =20 to limit the elimination of these charges to generation facilities that are= =20 less than 1MW.  These limits will only lengthen unnecessarily the time it= =20 takes for California to close the significant gap between supply and demand= =20 and reduce the risk of black outs this summer.=20  The provisions of SB27X eliminating stand-by charges were stripped from the= =20 bill.  This will likely thwart any attempts to encourage the near-term=20 development of distributed generation and reduce the severe supply-demand= =20 imbalance in California.  The language eliminating stand-by charges should be re-inserted into SB27X= =20 and modified to remove all caps on plant size.=20 =20 Barrier: Excessive delays and costs related to interconnecting facilities= =20 with investor-owned and municipal utilities  Solution:  =20 The Governor=01,s executive order regarding interconnection is a step in th= e=20 right direction=01*D-D-26-01 requires utilities to complete interconnection= =20 studies within 7 days.  California should ensure that this requirement=20 applies to all generation facilities, including distributed generation.  In= =20 addition, the financial conflicts the utilities face when interconnecting= =20 generation facilities are simply too powerful to overcome through executive= =20 orders or other regulations. =20  To the greatest extent possible, California should shift control over=20 interconnection away from the utility and place that control with the=20 California ISO.  This could be accomplished through amendments to SB 27X.  Barrier:  Permitting and Air Quality Issues Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces. =20  Solution:=20 California should ensure that the executive orders (D-22-01 thru D-26-01)= =20 issued by the Governor to expedite plant siting and maximize plant output= =20 apply equally to smaller scale, =01&distributed generation=018 facilities. = In=20 addition, distributed generation that is less than 50 MWs continues to face= =20 local opposition.  The State should ensure that local, parochial interests= =20 cannot block otherwise beneficial distributed generation projects. =20  These objectives could be accomplished through amendments to SB27X. 
 need to make sure that bev cuts off talks with dunn on this stuff.  jeff 
 bev needs to say to dunn, "i don't know anything.  you need to call richard."  jeff 
               PR01: 174 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 04/26/2001  GOVERNOR DAVIS SIGNS EXECUTIVE ORDERS TO PROVIDE POWER TO CALIFORNIA SACRAMENTO Governor Gray Davis has signed three executive orders to increase stabilization, conservation and generation of power in California. Executive Order D-34-01 Many numerous and complicated statutes, regulations, policies and procedures are delaying deployment of the energy conservation funding outlined in SB 5X and AB 29X signed by the Governor two weeks ago. Executive Order D-34-01 will speed up implementation of the measures. Together, the two bills provide over $850 million for energy conservation and distributed generation programs designed to save over 2,000 megawatts this summer. With the Executive Order, the Energy Commission will not have to go through the cumbersome process of guideline adoption to approve funding. The programs in the demand reduction program that will be streamlined included: Public Agency Loans and Grants (ECAA); Time-Of-Use and Real-Time Meters; Municipal Program; and Cool Roofs/Building Materials Executive Order D-33-01 Governor Davis signed Executive Order D-33-01 to extend the conservation rebate of the "20/20" program to the customers in the territory serviced by the San Diego Gas and Electric Company. The program is designed to help the state avoid the likelihood of blackouts this summer and reward consumers who significantly conserve energy. In addition, it could save the state up to $1.3 billion in power costs by reducing the amount of electricity the state must buy during expensive summer peak periods. Executive Order D-32-01 In Executive Order D-32-01, Governor Davis orders the transfer of funds from the Energy Commission to the Department of Water Resources for implementation of the power plant construction incentive program. Incentives will include: $5,000 per megawatt (MW) of average electrical output on the first 100 MW and $2,500 per MW for each MW above 100 MW, if brought on-line by July 1, 2001; $4,000 per MW of average electrical output on the first 100 MW and $2,000 per MW for each MW above 100 MW, if brought on-line between July 2, 2001 and August 1, 2001; and $3,000 per MW of average electrical output on the first 100 MW and $1,500 per MW for each MW above 100 MW, if brought on-line between August 2, 2001 and August 31, 2001.   Executive Order D-32-01  Executive Order D-33-01  Executive Order D-34-01  ###  GOVERNOR GRAY DAVIS ?SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 95814 ? (916) 445-2841 
 Talked to Les.  give a call and i can fill you in.  Best, Jeff 
 you ever get the Brattle prez?  jeff 
 are u serious?  jeff    7409949@skytel.com 04/27/2001 02:06 PM 
 let me no when you hear from SK re: accompany lay, so i can re-arrange schedule if necessary.  thx,jeff (want to see if you really wear pager :)) 
 u ah dead. 
 I'm assuming that you're in the loop on this decision making?  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 04/27/2001 02:39 PM 
 the offer's still good...    Susan Scott 09/29/2000 09:20 AM 
 i got an email bounced back from your address.  let me know if you get this one. 
 Greetings:  On the call between Ken Lay and Bob Hertzberg, Hertzberb asked us to resend any thoughts (and any more detail) we have on demand buy-downs.  I've combined our on-line auction proposal with the "federal" solution recently worked up for the Cheney meetings (I tailored it for California consumption).  Hertzberg wanted it today in advance of meetings that he's having in Washington next week.  Scott Governor will deliver this to Hertzberg's office today.  Sorry for quick turn around, but if folks have comments, could you send them to me pronto so that Scott can deliver to Hertzberg's office before COB?  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 I have cleared my calendar, so any time in the morning works for me.  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 04/27/2001 04:30 PM 
 Here's the final that Scott Governar will deliver to Hertzberg today.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.  What's "the report."  Best, Jeff 
 u need to participate by phone if you can.  Best, Jeff 
 Rob had Robert Michaels give me a ring re: potential panelist at the field hearing.  Be happy to pitch him to Ms Van Way.  Thoughts? 
 This mean we'll be toning down our criticism of the utility's behavior in the California market in our filings at FERC regarding the price spike investigation?    Mary Hain@ECT 09/28/2000 05:38 PM 
 Thanks very much.  I think, rather than Crawford, you might be referring to David Cox, Republican leader of the California Assembly?  Really can't thank you enough for you help on this.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff    Rosalee Fleming 04/27/2001 07:25 PM 
 FYI.  given this info, there's a chance that i might try to get in.  how's the sign-u look at this point?  Best, Jeff 
 Dudes: I'm am officially responsible for the case and of course appreciate all Dylan's (and everyone else's) efforts.  Here's my game plan.  I'm going to spend the day working on it---adding to what's already been passed around. Dylan, I'll look at the numbers and perhaps send you (and others) thoughts regarding the crunching, since you've already starting crunching.  I'll try to do as much of the write-up (building on what others have done) and send around by COB today.  Once everyone's had a chance to comment, etc. I'll finalize tomorrow night.  I have to fly to Houston at the crack of dawn on Monday and therefore can't go to class, so I'm hoping that someone else can turn it in.  Let me know if this works for folks.  Best, Jeff    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 04/28/2001 01:02 AM 
 Thanks.  If you need to talk just page me at 888.916.7184.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the gov's analysis of the MOU.  Have a good weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Left you a voicemail last nite.  I get on the plane Houston at 6:30 AM PDT, so you'll have to do it solo.  I'll get to the office around 130-200.  I'll come to your office and you can fill me in on how it went.  Best, Jeff 
 OK Gang:  Well, I=01,ve been crunching numbers all day, and haven=01,t yet gotten to = the=20 writing.  I've attached Dylan's original responses for reference.  Figure= =20 it'll be a memo from Time's CEO to the Time Board.  I=01,ve leaving now for Mendocino, but will be back early tomorrow to finis= h=20 this up.  Please check out the spreadsheet.  The case is sort of confusing=01*how do Time=01,s analysts value Time at $1= 89-212,=20 when they=01,re trading at 109 the day before the announcement of the deal = with=20 Warner.  That doesn=01,t jive.  Are they saying that, absent synergies, the= =20 combined Time/Warner is worth the enterprise value of Time at 189-212 plus= =20 the enterprise value of Warner at $63-71 (again, the analysts valuation)? = =20 That just seems ridiculous, give where they=01,re trading.  Anyway, here=01,s where my analysis is heading----tell me if I=01,m smoking= crack.  The deal isn=01,t really $175 per share.  It=01,s $175 LESS the taxes that = will=20 have to paid (since it=01,s a purchase deal) PLUS the value of the tax shie= ld=20 created by the net increase of $8.9B in new debt that Paramount will take= =20 on.  Does this seem right?  Could folks look at my spreadsheet?  I=01,ve go= t it=20 conceptually set up, but I=01,m not quite sure how to calculate the taxes p= aid=20 under the purchase method or the value of the tax shield (assuming that thi= s=20 is correct.  If I=01,m just completely out of it with this angle, just let = me=20 know.  In any case, seems that there=01,s some value in the tax-free=20 (Time-Warner) versus the taxable (Time-Paramount) deals.  Presumably, we=20 could take the total enterprise value of Time-Warner (nontaxed) and compare= d=20 it to the total enterprise of Paramount-Time (taxed) and compare the two.  = I=01, ve got a hunch that the Time-Warner number may win the day, but I haven=01,= t=20 gotten that far in the crunching yet.  In any case, I=01,ll be back around Noon tomorrow and will crank the puppy = out.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks to all for your comments.  I've tried to weave together the various (and insightful) comments I received from folks with the great stuff that Dylan put together initially and the stuff that I whipped up. They're attached.  Please proof the thing---I fear that there's a typo, or two. Since I'm off to beatiful Houston at the crack of dawn, Dylan has graciously agreed to take any further comments, integrate them,  and print the final thing out to turn in at class tomorrow.  Thanks a million, Dylan.  You folks should discuss whether you want to include the Excel exhibits as I've included them in the memo---no pride of ownership, so don't be timid.  Dylan, they are formatted for printing, so all you should have to do is print away. See you all soon.  Best, Jeff 
 I'd vote to let Hap do it. 
 Ms Fleming: No apologies necessary.  Anybody would be confused with what we've thrown at you.  Just to be sure, it's David Cox (new Republican leader in the Assembly) and John Campbell (Republican Assemblyman).  Can't thank you enough for you help.  Hope you had a nice weekend.  Jeff 
 Thanks, Lee.  Is there a firmed-up agenda yet?  If so, could you forward to me? 
 Yes (sort of).  I'm in Houston.  Up on 47.  What's up? 
 Hey!  I'm in Houston.  You'll have my backgrounder tomorrow.  (The way things are going today, I'll be working on it till the wee hours tonite.)  Best, Jeff 
 You can reach me on my pager at 888.916.7184, and during the day, Ginger and Maureen can get a hold of me as well.  All the offices in the Capitol are in the same building--so it's possible to get from one to other in about 5 minutes.  If there's anything else, don't hesitate to contact me.  Best, Jeff 
 Yep.    James D Steffes 04/30/2001 09:05 PM 
 So was his angle, the shareholders should take the $175 and run?    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 05/01/2001 11:39 AM 
 there was a strong case for that. only thing preventing was the internal DCF of the time-warner deal being 183-212 (or something)---so why didn't the market put that value on it?  I went with what i thought the flow of the group was, but it was a tough row to hoe.  where were you on it? 
 Hi Anita: Thanks again for you help with the questions I had about the deals going on California.  I'd like to follow-up with you and Steve, particularly regarding the "not a telecom" aspect of the deal.  These deals are going to accelerate--very confidentially, they are directly linked to getting the universe connected to Enron On-line, our very successful B2B website.  I'd like to discuss with you two as soon as possible.  Could you let me know when a convenient time is?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Subject: LADWP, BC Hydro, Bonneville Accused of Gouging California  Energy Cost Study Critical of Public Agencies Too Power: DWP is among three government-run producers cited as driving prices up. Spokesmen deny any market manipulation.  By ROBERT J. LOPEZ, RICH CONNELL, Times Staff Writers  ????Government-owned utilities, including the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, were influential in driving wholesale electricity prices to levels that helped ignite California's exploding energy crisis during the summer and fall, according to public and confidential records. ?????For months, Gov. Gray Davis, legislators and consumer advocates have chiefly blamed a few private power companies for throwing the state into darkness and economic chaos. ?????But they are just part of the equation. ?????A confidential document obtained by The Times names power providers that have allegedly manipulated the electricity market. While the document does identify out-of-state merchants criticized for gouging, it also discloses for the first time the extent to which public entities allegedly have maximized profits in the volatile spot market. ?????The document--which decodes the identities of unnamed suppliers in a recent state study--singles out three government-run agencies as consistently trying to inflate prices. They are: the DWP, the federally owned Bonneville Power Administration in the Pacific Northwest and the trading arm of Canada's BC Hydro in British Columbia. ?????Like a number of privately owned generators, these three producers offered power at a range of high prices and, sometimes, in large amounts when the state was most desperate. They also helped saddle California's three largest utilities with billions of dollars in debt--leading one, Pacific Gas & Electric, to seek bankruptcy protection last week. ?????The study by the California Independent System Operator, or Cal-ISO, analyzed thousands of hours of bidding practices for 20 large suppliers in the spot, or "real-time," market from May to November. The study accounted for factors such as rising production costs, increased demand, periods of scarcity and profits that would be earned in a healthy, competitive market. ?????Money earned above that was called excess profits. ?????No entity--public or private--earned as much in alleged excess profits as British Columbia's Powerex, the state records show. ?????"They were the most aggressive bidders," said Anjali Sheffrin, author of the coded study. ?????"They had the most amount to bid and the most freedom to bid it in," said Sheffrin, who did not discuss any companies by name. ?????The Canadian agency reaped $176 million in alleged excessive profits--several times the amount collected by all but one of the private generators. Second on the list was Atlanta-based Southern Co. Energy Marketing, now called Mirant, which collected nearly $97 million in alleged inflated earnings. ?????BC Hydro and Mirant--along with the DWP and other producers--say they played by the rules established under California's flawed deregulation plan and did not exploit the state's troubles. ?????But BC Hydro officials acknowledge that they did anticipate periods of severe power shortages and planned for them by letting their reservoirs rise overnight and then opening them to create hydroelectricity, which could be produced inexpensively but sold for a premium. ?????"It was the marketplace that determined what the price of electricity would be at any given time," said BC Hydro spokesman Wayne Cousins. "We helped keep the lights on in California." ?????And the rates low for their own customers. During the past year, BC Hydro has stashed hundreds of millions dollars in a "rainy day" account to ensure that it has among the lowest rates in North America. ?????Los Angeles' Department of Water and Power, although eighth on the list of alleged profiteers, was among those singled out for seeking high prices during periods of high demand that helped inflate costs across the entire spot market, where emergency purchases are made. ?????This, according to state documents, was accomplished by offering power at incrementally higher prices that would rise substantially with even modest increases in demand. The strategy also helped prop up prices, keeping them from falling. ?????The DWP's average hourly bid, or asking price, for electricity ultimately bought topped such private sellers as Reliant Energy of Houston and Tulsa-based Williams Cos., two major players in the national energy market. ?????In addition, the DWP submitted other bids at far higher prices that could pay off handsomely with even small bumps in demand, the report said, referring by code to DWP and four other suppliers. "The data shows they clearly exercised market power to inflate prices further at higher load conditions." ?????DWP General Manager S. David Freeman called the report's findings "outrageous," insisting that the utility never tried to inflate prices. ?????"These charges go under the heading there is no good deed that goes unpunished in this state," Freeman said, noting that DWP power helped avert more blackouts across the state. ?????He did acknowledge, however, that the agency has charged high prices for surplus power at the 11th hour but said that was only because it cost more to produce. ?????"We have consistently charged [Cal-ISO] our cost, plus 15%," he said. "It's not as though we're up there peddling a bunch of power to jam it down their throats." ?????Freeman said that when his staff reviewed the coded report, they never took it personally. "If you're innocent," he said, "you don't look at the criminal file." ?????Yet another public agency criticized for its behavior in California's deregulated market was the U.S. government's Bonneville Power Administration, a nonprofit agency that sells wholesale electricity produced at 29 federal dams in the Columbia-Snake River basin. ?????Bonneville actually bid slightly lower than the DWP, records show, but reaped millions more in alleged excessive profits, apparently because it supplied greater amounts of power during the period studied. Bonneville was in the top five accused of taking excessive profits. ?????Bonneville officials say some of its profits are used to pay back federal construction loans and fund an internationally recognized salmon recovery program. ?????Stephen Oliver, a Bonneville vice president, said his agency did not act improperly and has asked Cal-ISO for detailed information on how it reached its conclusions. He said the grid operator often came to Bonneville pleading for last-minute electricity and offering to pay high prices. ?????"From our point of view, we bid what we had when we had it and we operated precisely within the terms of their rules," Oliver said. ?????Those rules--and the bidding practices criticized by Cal-ISO--so distorted the market that Aquila Power Corp. of Missouri, which tried to act responsibly, has bailed out. ?????It offered the lowest average hourly price of any supplier studied--slightly more than $8 per megawatt-hour, compared to Mirant's $138, the highest. ?????But the spot market, as initially designed, made sure that all suppliers offering power received the highest price paid in any hour. ?????The result: Aquila collected $171 an hour for power it was willing to sell at a single-digit price. ?????"They weren't the culprits," said Cal-ISO's Sheffrin. "Someone else drove that up." ?????Aquila spokesman Al Butkus said the company pulled out of the California market because it was too unpredictable. Although the company made money, he said, it also could have lost because of possible downward swings. ?????"We looked at it and we didn't feel very comfortable with what we saw," he said. ?????The market has since been adjusted to prevent high bids from setting the price for everyone. But Sheffrin said it hasn't made much difference because the overall prices are still excessive. ?????"We're saying the patient is sick," Sheffrin said of California's electricity market. "It needs help [and] may die." ????? 
 Thank you, Rosalee. Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Karen, can you forward along to Marathon.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings folks: Here is the "solutions" piece that went in Ken Lay's briefing packet.  Copies of the full packet will be distributed ASAP. Best, Jeff 
 shoot.  i'm so sorry.   i'm traveling and can't be there.  what panel?  my humble apologies and thanks so much for asking.  best, Jeff    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@s-k-w.com> 05/01/2001 06:44 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 E236, the derivatives... 
 I apologize, but I can't make this call, though I'm confident that you folks can handle it.  I'm available Friday afternoon (though I don't that will work for Jim Steffes).  Let me know.  Best, Jeff    Wanda Curry@EES 05/02/2001 10:07 AM 
 Greetings.  Just checking in to see how Mitch and Carl are doing on the proposal. 
 Greetings: Joe, I just ran into some El Paso guys that I know (I'm in L.A.) and asked them about the Lukens study.  They said that they weren't sure that it had been released yet.  They intend to submit it with their testimony in the FERC case.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 05/02/2001 11:15 AM 
 plz call jeff d when you can at 415.505.6633.  thx,jeff 
 plz ignore last note.  sorry, jeff 
 plz call jeff d. at 415.505.6633.  thx, jeff 
 Hi TJ: Work has prevented me from being on campus this week.  I registered for 1-unit courses, but have not "signed up" in the office.  If that is mandatory, please let me know and my girlfriend---a student in the day program who will be there today---can sign me up.  Best, Jeff    Teresa Janus <tj@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU 05/02/2001 07:48 PM Please respond to Teresa Janus 
 Thanks man. Jeff 
 I am available for the meeting. 
 Thank you very much for the briefing paper.  Best, Jeff 
 Unless someone has concerns, I'd like to share the results of our Wednesday meeting w/Roger. 
 FYI. 
 As of right now, I'm available, but with the crisis in California, I might be called away.  At this point, though, I'm clear and will plan on meeting.  My apologies for the uncertainty.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the note.  We'll need to to discuss this a bit further, since it could be a very sensitive issue for us (e.g., "Enron's answer to the electricity crisis in municipalization).  If spun right, could provide an interesting opportunity, however.  Best, Jeff    Robert Davis/Western Region/The Bentley Company@Exchange 05/04/2001 04:08 PM 
 Are you working on this bill for Wild Goose? 
 I'm available if needed.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you.    Teresa Janus <tj@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 05/04/2001 11:31 AM 
 pager 888.916.7184 cell 415.505.6633 
 FYI:  I'm scheduled to meet with CMA and the Chamber on Monday to discuss the comprehensive solution and urge them to support it.  Best, Jeff 
 You're welcome, but no need for thanks.  I was just telling it like it is. You do a great job for us, and we appreciate it a lot.  I'm going to be up on there on Monday.  I'm going to need for you to get me up to speed a little bit on the gas bills.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 decided i ought to ask around first..... 
 Received a call this afternoon from Gordon Smith, CEO of PG&E (I met Gordon when he was CFO of PG&E and I was a bureaucrat at the PUC working on the Blue Book).  He was following up from the meeting this morning with Bob Glynn.  He was very positive about the comprehensive solution that Ken Lay described to Glynn at this morning's meeting.  He was particularly positive about the core/noncore proposal.  He asked to meet to discuss it further.  I have an appointment to meet with him Monday afternoon.  He offered--as a board member of the California Chamber of Commerce--to help bring the Chamber along, and he also said that he can help with the Silicon Valley Manufacturing Ass. I'll report back after the meeting.  And may have already mentioned that I have a meeting scheduled in Sacramento Monday with the CEO of the Chamber and the President of CMA.  Will report back on the meetings.  Have a good weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi folks: Well, I ended up traveling ALL week, which I wasn't happy about.  Worse, some nimrod Enron IT person in Houston (where I was for part of the time) deleted my entire *&$*(!*-ing hard disk (which stupidly, I hadn't backed up)---year's worth of work and school gone, kaputt.  Anyway, if there's any chance that someone has all of the cases that we did and could email them to me, I would be greatly indebted.  Sorry for the inconvenience, and see you on Monday.  Best, Jeff 
 Seems that Fergus' folks should be able to get their hands on it.    Steven J Kean 05/06/2001 03:26 PM 
 Folks:  Let me know if this captures the results of the conversation on Friday.  Best, Jeff ****************************************************************************** ********************************************* Basics of Proposal Something akin to the MOU (that adequately addresses the solvency issue, for the IOUs, the State and QFs), but WITHOUT the transmission component Direct Access for ALL customers, transitioning to a core/noncore market structure in 18-24 months (this can be accomplished without stranding CDWR's contracts) Concessions -IOUs (MOU modifications) -Generators (past due amounts) -investigations Package to finance the deal (bond issuance backed by rate increases to permit securitization)  Message This is the last best chance to achieve a comprehensive settlement We have developed a comprehensive solution and are meeting with everyone that will see us. We have thus far received positive feedback on and a willingness to work with our proposal We intend to work tirelelessly to gain support for a total solution---it's vital, and time's running out  Media Strategy---Karen Denne  Corporate leader strategy---Karen Denne  Meetings with legislators in Sacramento---Sandi McCubbin  WPTF, IEP, ARM---Sue Mara  Large customers---Jeff Dasovich 
 Agreed.  Great idea on characterizing it as a "melding."  Need to fill you in on the "investigation" discussions with the Republicans in today's meeting with Lay.  You still around?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 05/07/2001 11:58 AM 
 This is real helpful. 
 Thank you.    Meredith LaCorte <lacorte@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 05/07/2001 01:01 PM 
 Greetings Laura and Marybeth:  Laura: If you have the time and the inclination, I'd like to spend a half-hour briefing you on the energy situation.  I apologize for the brevity of this note, but can fill you in more if you think that there's value in chatting.  In a nutshell, there's a concerted effort underway----one last big push----to try to get a comprehensive solution in place for California that works for the majority of constituencies (i.e., broad coalition right and left of center).  The deal would be bi-partisan.  If successful, the deal would:  Put rates in place that reflect and cover costs, repay debts, send the right price signals for efficiency, but fall short of "shock therapy." Return the utility to creditworthiness as a result of the new rates. Use the minimum amount of State- and utility-backed bonds to finance the solution Turn the procurement role back over to the utilities (and away from the State) once creditworthiness is established---3-6 months following the rate changes. Establish the competitive market structure that California was promised but never got---consumer choice for all customers; 18-24 months later, large industrial would be required to procure electricity needs from the market. NOT include government takeovers of the industry (e.g., sale of utility transmission assets to the State would not be part of any deal). Include a contribution from large players, e.g., utilities and suppliers. Resolve the myriad lawsuits, investigations, etc.  Those involved still believe that there is a need for a group of "wise persons" to help get the deal done.  L. Summers is willing; others are being considered.  Your name has come up.  But that issue can be addressed later. The goal of a phone call would be to bring you up to speed on the events, which are breaking quickly.  Hope all is well and hope to talk to you soon.  Congratulations on Haas' #7 ranking in US News and World Report.  Best, Jeff  Office 415.782.7822 Pager 888.916.7184 Home 415.621.8317 Cell 415.505.6633 
 Our pleasure.  Don't forget to water the tomatoes!  Lemm get this straight---you roughed Eldon up in ping pong?  Best, Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/08/2001 09:55 AM 
 Speaking of cheese, I spoke with Jeff Green last night, and under the circumstances, he'd prefer to do the Dome road next summer (when he's up doing more work on my property.  I agreed (there's a lot more bark from all the wood chopping and that'll get us through till June).  I talked to him about the culvert.  He had some thoughts, which I'll pass along and I'll talk to him about it some more this weekend. 
 You got it. I'll leave another one COB.  Hope you're well.  Best, Jeff    Richard Shapiro@EES 05/08/2001 09:36 AM 
 Be happy to if you think it's useful.  Just let me know what you'd like me to do.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 05/07/2001 10:56 PM 
 You got it.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/08/2001 09:53 AM 
 Agree with your suggestion on how to "re-package" the solution.  They should write and call legislators and the governor and all sign a document endorsing it.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 05/08/2001 11:47 AM 
 Hi: Just got your page re: talk today at 2PM. I'm assuming that this note is no longer valid and that you're not trying to set something up for 2 PM tomorrow (Wednesday)?  Thanks.  Jeff 
 What's Sunday?  Would that be "frog gras?"    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/08/2001 04:29 PM 
 Greetings:  Steve Kean and I met today with Jack Stewart, Pres. of the California Manufacturer's and Technology Ass. and Alan Zaremberg, CEO of the California Chamber of Commerce.  Jack Stewart was happy to hear about our efforts and is generally supportive--particularly regarding direct access--but wants more information regarding the core/noncore proposal.  We have a meeting set up for Thursday morning at 8 AM in the SF office to discuss it further.  Stewart will bring Keith McCrea, long-time lawyer for CMA to the meeting on Thursday.  Zaremberg was extremely happy to hear about our efforts and the overall package, and was much more receptive to the core/noncore proposal.  Though he, too, would like more details.  Turns out the he and Bill Hauck--former Wilson administration official and now head of the California Business Roundtable---have been walking the halls of the capital urging the same thing we've been urging, i.e., D's and R's need to get together (read "grow up") and do a comprehensive deal.  Steve and I had an impromptu meeting with Hauck, and then I followed up with him in the afternoon---he, too, is very supportive.  We stressed how important it is for business leaders to aggresively support and pitch:  1) the idea that both sides of the aisle, and the governor, need to resolve this now, and 2) the framework for a comprehensive solution along the lines that we've described.  They agree, and while we have a good bit of additional work to due before they are vociferous advocates for the core/noncore proposal, they certainly didn't reject the idea.  Will report back on the Thursday follow-up with CMTA.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm serious.  Are you referring to the proposal that no one knows about that everyone knows about?  We going to celebrate?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/08/2001 06:27 PM 
 Marybeth:  My apologies, but Steve's going to be in a meeting with the Governor from about 1:30 to 3 PM today and then is likely on a plane directly thereafter returning to Houston.  Likely best to try to arrange the call for tomorrow, if that works with Laura.  I'll check Steve's schedule and forward the information to you.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 05/08/2001 07:44 PM 
 chk sac bee editorial.  supports our efforts.  rails on windfall tax.  jeff 
 Here it is.  Thanks a million for your help. 
 Hi.  got your message.  let's talk later.  i'm getting something together for Ken Lay.  Could you send me the forward price curve slide?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 whaddya mean, you think so?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/09/2001 11:04 AM 
 you and eldon want to golf 9 holes sunday morning? 
 just didn't know if we could get you guys to play all 18.  18's fine with us.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/09/2001 11:14 AM 
 Yes, I will be on the call.  Thanks very much.    Joseph Alamo 05/09/2001 11:34 AM 
 Am faxing you the presentation right now.  jeff 
 9 AM? 
 Dude: If I don't see you, good luck this weekend, have fun, and congratulations. Very cool deal.  And remember, be true.  Best, Jeff 
 were we named?  jeff 
 Roger: We're still ruminating on this within Government Affairs and will continue to ruminate over the next few days, but wanted to fill you in on where we currently are and get your comments.  Thanks.  Jeff 
 you need me to try to track it down? jeff    9069876@skytel.com 05/09/2001 01:45 PM 
 give a gray a big hug for me.  best, jeff 
 Our plan worked.  By telling you two you better hurry cuz otherwise we'd go ahead, you guys jumped first.  Thanks.  Now all the pressure's off.  Yes, we'll be there on Sunday.  I think the only person who doesn't know is Cameron....  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 05/09/2001 02:52 PM 
 when you're chief of staff, you get all the fun....    9069761@skytel.com 05/09/2001 03:34 PM 
 ene ended up $3.09 today.  keep it up.  jeff 
 Davis demagoguing?  jeff 
 meeting still going? jeff 
 constructive?    9069761@skytel.com 05/09/2001 05:59 PM 
 thank you. 
 sorry. screwed up.  stewart just called.  meeting w/cma's tomorrow @ 8AM. will do solo. jeff 
 what do you mean, house guests from la jolla?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/10/2001 10:25 AM 
 how did that happen?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/10/2001 11:35 AM 
 Great.  Glad to hear Sue picked it up.  I'll touch base with her.  Best, Jeff 
 some additional information beyond duh would be useful.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/10/2001 11:47 AM 
 shoot, we're going to see Tom and Karen on Saturday.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/10/2001 10:26 AM 
 FYI. Ken Lay asked to have the pitch that he's been making California be quickly put into a few power point slides for use in meetings he's having this week at the gathering of the Business Council (back East) with a group of California CEOs (e.g., Sun, Chevron, Amgen, Bechtel and others).  This is the version that we gave to Lay's office; he may have modified it.  Will check with Rosalee to get the final and distribute that version if changes were made.  Best, Jeff 
 Met early this morning with Jack Steward (pres. of CMA) and Keith McCrea (lawyer for CMA) to follow up on the meeting that Steve and I had with them regarding the proposal Ken Lay was pushing last week:  They like taking Tx out of the MOU, they like getting DWR out of the power purchase business, and they think that Edison's MOU needs a little haircut. McCrea pushed back initially on core/noncore ("why should it be mandatory to go the market?"), but after much discussion they agreed that our idea for core/noncore has a lot of merit. Our idea is that 1) the core/noncore would take effect in 18-24 months, when the markets settle and prices come down, 2)  everyone (core and noncore) should pay for DWR's "past" purchases, since everyone consumed it, 3) core customers should take IOU generation, QFs and DWR contracts (which eliminates the core's "net short" position, and 4) noncore would go to market and would not have to pay for any of DWR's "going forward costs" (since core gets them, in exchange for getting all the low-cost IOU generation) I told them we are still crunching the numbers to see what the rate effects would be and would share it with them when we're done. While they are supportive of this approach and agreed that it would be useful to continue to flesh it out, they are not convinced that it will get the necessary support to get passed.  They are also withholding final judgment until they see all the numbers, i.e., we've still got some work to do. They are very cynical about anything getting solved in California, and are extremely upset about the PUC's proposed rate decisions released by the judge and Loretta Lynch.  They place very little trust in the Governor or the Legislature. Interestingly, the rate increase decisions, coupled with calls in Sacramento for an immediate move to core/noncore, makes our proposal very attractive to CMA. Nonetheless, they said that they will continue to engage and are willing to commit to continue meet to try to get California's mess resolved. 
 My apologies.  I took a vacation that I was in much need of, and as you know, it's more hectic trying to take off on vacation than it is coping with the day-to-day mess.  And I came back to utter chaos.  Regarding my homework assignment, I checked my records and, lo and behold, I am completely vested.  That said, I also thought long and hard about making a switch and came to the conclusion that the switch would need to be a significant one in order to make leaving a compelling proposition.  Of course, it goes without saying that working with you is about as compelling as it gets, but when I stack up the other pieces of the puzzle, they seem somewhat less compelling than the opportunity to work with you.  It is so enticing.  But it is with extreme regret that I am inclined to decline your gracious offer.  Would be happy to discuss it further, and you know without me saying that I am honored that you considered me and greatly appreciative.  Give a holler when you find a minute.  Best, Jeff 
 please loop me in on the call w/tim.  thanks. 
 Don't know how I got on the list, but just got my invitation to the Western Conference of PUCs meeting June 3-6 where the guest speakers are Frank Wolak and Gary Locke.  Oh dear....  Best, Jeff 
 Hi: please add $4 of tolls for each day that I went to Sac this week. Thanks, Jeff 
 Wednesday works next week.  But I warn you, I have NO control over my schedule these days, but I'm putting it on my calendar. Lemme know if that works for you guys.  Best, Jeff 
 yes.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 05/10/2001 01:31 PM 
 Can we have a call tomorrow to discuss status, etc.?  10 AM Houston time work for folks?  Best, Jeff 
 yes.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 05/10/2001 01:35 PM 
 This is a very good, easily digestible summary of the FERC order.  Alan Zaremberg, CEO of the Chamber and located in Sacramento, asked if we had a summary that we could provide him.  Zaremberg is convinced that no one in California understands what FERC did and wanted to try to educate them.  If we sanitize it to remove anything sensitive, are folks comfortable providing it to Zaremberg?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 your call, baby.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 05/10/2001 01:38 PM 
 Yes, they will have to file with the PUC.    Fred Rimington 09/29/2000 04:00 PM 
 hey, when are you scheduled to go in for your attitude labotomy?    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 05/10/2001 01:51 PM 
 why?  (touchee)    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 05/10/2001 01:54 PM 
 yes. in fact, i suggested it. be great to book jim.  thanks. 
 Marybeth:  I apologize. As I mentioned, this situation is extremely fluid.  I also mentioned this morning that in yesterday's meeting w/the Governor, it was agreed that the meetings would continue, every day, until the thing got resolved.  I was just informed that I've been elected by my management to be on today's call (Steve Kean and I will be our representatives).  It starts at 1PM.  We are scheduled to talk at 2:30 PM.  I'm hoping--but not altogether hopeful---that the call will end before 2:30.  I can't apologize enough for the scheduling problems, particularly since I'm the one who originated the request to chat with Laura.  We can do it one of several ways; it's completely your call:  1) play it by ear, and I can let you know around 2:15 if I think the call's going to wrap up by 2:30.  2) we can reschedule (I would of course very much like to brief Laura on what's going on). 3) you can decide it's too much trouble and throw up your hands, which I would understand.  Let me know how you 'd like to proceed and please give my sincere apologies (and best) to Laura.  I have to get on the call right now, so if you need to speak to a live person, give Joseph a call at 415.782.7841.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Alan:  In our ongoing analysis of the MOU, and in our attempt to put together a solution for California, we need to do a reality check on the implied curves the Governor's consultants are using to arrive at their rate proposals.  To ensure an "apples to apples" comparison, we're hoping to get our curve data for 24X7 power, averaged on a quarterly basis, from 2001-2010.  Hoping that you can get that for us.  That possible?  Let me know.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 1) if he's got 30 minutes, then he should join for 30 minutes. 2) quite urgent, since the analysis needs to be done pronto. 3) if he can't join, that's ok.  we can fill him after the meeting.    Joseph Alamo 05/10/2001 03:11 PM 
 I'm trapped.  Could I impose upon you to buy me my usual burrito from downstairs before I pass out?  Greatly appreciated. 
 Thanks a bunch for your help with this. 
 WAPA. 
 This works for my schedule.  I will likely attend the subpoena meeting.    Richard B Sanders@ECT Sent by: Twanda Sweet@ECT 09/29/2000 05:31 PM 
 we should distribute our comprehensive proposal to this group. 
 Marybeth: The call's ended and I'll be available for the 2:30 call.  Best, Jeff 
 Good job.  It's got traction.  Can you call when you get a chance to regroup.  thx, jeff 
 OK, I apologize, I've been trying to lock myself to the computer and crunch some #'s, but can't seem to get control of my schedule.  Wanted to lay out the core/noncore model that's been pitched (and that CMA showed keen interest in this morning) to see if we're all on the same page; but perhaps this is the analysis that you're already working on:  Split takes place either 1.1.03 or 6.1.03. Core and noncore are responsible for the "DWR past purchases" (spread over 15 years). Core will keep IOU gen, QFs and DWR contracts (which would eliminate the short for the core) Noncore, in return for giving up the lucrative IOU gen, effectively accepts the short position (i.e., goes to market) AND does not get sacked with DWR's going forward costs (with "forward costs" defined as all power costs attributable to the "post-core/noncore" transition date.  Let me know if this tracks with where we're headed.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Maureen:  Could you ask Steve if he will be able to make the 4:30 (CST) with Laura Tyson?  I think you 've got the call-in number. Tell him it's not big deal if he can't--I can handle--but if he can, it might be useful for him to be on the line.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group ain't happy about the rate increas= e=20 (surprise). 
 So does this mean we're right where we left off with respect to status of bills like wind-fall profits, jails for generators, etc.?    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 05/10/2001 05:28 PM 
 You are so sweet.  Thank you.  WHAT are you doing working so late????!!!!! 
 See Riordon note below. 
 Thank you.    James D Steffes 05/11/2001 09:10 AM 
 Will do.    Steven J Kean 05/11/2001 08:35 AM 
 Great.  Thanks.  I intended, and will be sure, to include Karen on the stuff that I pull together today.  Karen, if there's anything else I need to do to coordinate.  Best, Jeff    Janel Guerrero 05/11/2001 10:56 AM 
 Take a look.  Interesting stuff.  I'd say it further adds to our momentum. 
 The world is mighty small.  As an undergrad at Berkeley, I worked as a paralegal at Brobeck.  One of the "associates" I reported to was, you guessed it, Gary Fergus. Haven't seen him since.  Will be interested to compare notes.    MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com> 09/29/2000 06:26 PM 
 I don't have an attachment. 
 plz see email for hertzberg talking points for phone call.  turning to CEO materials now. jeff 
 This looks fantastic.  I apologize profusely. I've got a dozen assigments to finish by COB.  But having read this, you obviously needed no help from me. Let me know how the call with Riordan goes.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 05/11/2001 02:16 PM 
 Got message re: letter from Sherman to OPIC.  I'm in all day Monday. Best, Jeff 
 Hi Maureen: Could you please make sure that Steve gets these? Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Michael:  did we decide to use the PUC's load numbers?  I would worry about that (particularly since we use the MOU QF/IOU gen numbers).  I suggest that we use the MOU load numbers for the three utilities, since the PUC numbers seem real screwy e.g., they have PG&E's load being smaller than Edison.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI, another arrow in our quiver:  ? Moody's has put California's credit rating under review for another downgrade.  Sources report that Moody's, S&P, and MBIA have all informed California that "the only way the state will improve its credit rating and look better to investors is to get out of the power business and resolve the undercollected." 
 Yes, please submit my name.  Thanks a bunch.  I'll be talking about everything.    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 05/11/2001 04:50 PM 
 I am swamped.  Please call me from your car when you start driving to the= =20 City (preferably when you're close to the City so that I can get some more = of=20 this work done). 
 Bibi's the man---he's the guy I mentioned when we discussed the other night. 
 Hi:  O lord.  You know, the pace at school is so much nicer--actually have time to think about things and absorb it.  But work has gotten so insane that I sympathize with your plight (since mine's the same).  I think I've maybe made it to 1/2--that's 1/2--of the finance classes.  NORTH of Sacramento.  Are you driving to Sacramento every day?  Say it ain't so.  That's brutal.  When you say full time, you mean school full time?  That, I assume, means leaving your job?  Be happy to talk about it.  You know me---believer in always keeping all options open and active.  If full time makes sense, you ought to do it.  Unfortunately, though, it looks like I'll be missing class (again) on Tuesday because I have to be in Portland.  If you're not going to Sac on Monday, coffee in SF during work hours works.  Or I could meet you during break on Monday.  Or we could have lunch or a beer after work on Thursday or Friday when I'm back from Portland.  Hang in there.  I was worried about you--seemed liked you'd gone underground again.  Remember, life's too short to get too worried about it.  Let me know what works for you.  Best, Jeff  PS  I'm spending my Saturday nite working on a financial reporting case. Hope that's modest consolation.  "Strategizing?!"   (I don't think so.)    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 09/30/2000 07:52 PM 
 can we use the MOU total load numbes (e.g., 93 GWH for PG&E) and divide it up using the proportions in the PG&E numbers? 
 Greetings Piper:  My name is Jeff Dasovich.  I'm in Enron's San Francisco office.  I think you've spoken with Karen Denne.  Scott asked for some background materials on our proposed solution to California's electricity crisis.  I'll be forwarding those to you sometime between 5 and 6 PM PDT.  Does that work for you?  Best, Jeff Dasovich Enron Corp 415.782.7822 
 agreed.    Michael Tribolet/ENRON@enronXgate 05/11/2001 05:33 PM 
 Nancy Rivera-Brooks of the LA Times just called.  Said she'd heard that Ken Lay and Governor are in frequent talks discussing the possibility of Enron buying Edison's transmission system.  I told her that Enron is not in the market for transmission systems.  Next thing you know, we'll want to buy the nukes.  Best, Jeff 
 Amen.    Mark Palmer 05/11/2001 06:36 PM 
 Please, please keep Dave out of it.  Note to follow.    Karen Denne 05/11/2001 07:02 PM 
 It'll be to you in about 10-15 minutes. 
 Attached is additional background on the solution that Ken Lay discussed today and that Enron is proposing as a comprehensive solution to California's electricity crisis.  If you have any  questions, don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 or on my pager at 888.916.7184.  Best regards, Jeff 
 chk vmail when you get a chance. best,jeff 
 Thanks.  That certainly puts things in perspective. 
 You're much too kind.  Thanks for the feedback.  My brains just about spilled out end of the day Friday.  Spent the weekend in a haze.  Best, Jeff 
 coincidentally i did see governor backbone on the show.  i don't think that we can count on him toning it down anytime soon, which will not be helpful in getting a solution out here.  best, Jeff 
 OUR christi nicolay?    Susan M Landwehr 05/13/2001 10:19 PM 
 I'll be on the call.  Hope all's well on your end. Best, Jeff    Jeffery Fawcett/ENRON@enronxgate 05/14/2001 09:15 AM 
 I saw "the event" re-reun on local cable access TV (randomly viewed on Saturday).  It was not pretty and Jeanne did a great job of remaining calm and exceedlingly professional---and what a camera presence!  Unfortunately, I wasn't thoughtful enough to send flowers, but a large bouquet is certainly in order.  Best, Jeff    Leslie Lawner 05/14/2001 10:17 AM 
 Thank you very much.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Piper: The email I sent on Friday to Scott McNealy's address (listed below) got bounced back to me.  Just wanted to make sure that you folks received the materials.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: As folks heard, Ken Lay met with some California CEOs last Friday back East. As a result of that meeting, McNealy, CEO for Sun, asked for some background and more detail on what Ken Lay proposed as a solution for California during his meetings in California over the past couple of weeks.  McNealy and others have expressed a willingness to make phone calls to policymakers, etc. to try to advance the ball.  I pulled this together very hastily on Friday and take responsibility for all errors, omissions, ramblings, etc.  Wanted to distribute, however, to make sure that all had the info that is getting distributed.  Know folks are busy, but this will likely get distributed to other CEOs this week, so any comments, suggestions, etc. about how to improve are welcome and appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Hello Sarah: My name is Jeff Dasovich.  I work for Enron in Enron's San Francisco office. Last Friday, the Chairman of our company, Ken Lay, met with Kevin Sharer and other CEOs from California to discuss the energy crisis in California and the need to develop as soon as possible a comprehensive solution to the problem. Mr. Sharer asked for some additional background on the issues and the solution and asked that you be contact person.  That information is attached. If you have any  questions, don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 or on my pager at 888.916.7184.  Best regards, Jeff Dasovich   Jeff Dasovich Senior Director Enron Corp 101 California Street Suite 1950 San Francisco, CA  94111 
 Ditto.  I vote that we suggest to Christine that 5's too darned unwieldy and that she look for another, smaller group.  And if she's unable to find one then we can talk.    Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 10/02/2000 11:19 AM 
 I'll assume that you'll follow up with Piper on this? Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Can we meet at 5 pm CDT/3 PM PDT to see where we are on the analysis? Best, Jeff 
 Hi Twanda: I can make the call.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you again. 
 From the Dow Jones Newswire:  > SoCal Ed May Be Near Financial Solvency With 'Plan B' > >   LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Legislators in California are beginning to > embrace > an alternative energy plan, expected to be introduced as a bill this week, > that would get the state out of the power buying business in as little as > six > months and restore Edison International's (EIX) Southern California Edison > unit to financial solvency without requiring the utility to sell any of > its > assets to the state. >   If the plan wins the support of both houses of the Legislature, > lawmakers > hope it will also convince a bankruptcy court judge in San Francisco that > it > can be used to lift PG&E Corp.'s (PCG) Pacific Gas & Electric unit out of > Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. >   "Clearly this would be a positive development," said Paul Patterson, a > utility analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston in New York. "It would > offer a > way to restore the utilities to financial viability. We've noticed over > the > weekend that the situation in the Assembly is improving." >   The proposal by Assemblyman Joe Nation, D-San Rafael and Assemblyman > John > Dutra, D-Fremont, has gained the interest of some members of the Assembly > Republican Caucus, all of whom have resisted previous attempts at > rescuing > SoCal Ed from near bankruptcy. >   Consumer groups have been resistant to any form of what they call a > utility > "bailout." But a spokesman at The Utility Reform Network in San Francisco > said > the group is studying the 'Plan B' proposal. >   On Friday, a spokesman to Gov. Gray Davis said state Sen. Richard > Polanco, > the Senate Majority Leader, would introduce legislation this week enacting > the > agreement the governor reached with SoCal Ed exactly one month ago that > would > allow the utility to issue about $3 billion in bonds to recoup its > unrecovered > power costs and sell its power lines to the state for $2.76 billion to pay > off > its debt. >   But Nation and Dutra, members of the so-called 'Plan B' group, are > looking > to alter that agreement. >   "There are a lot of people who question the validity of buying the grid" > from SoCal Ed," Nation, an economist by trade, said. "I think there is an > understanding that the existing (memorandum of understanding) won't pass." > >   One of the problems with having the state purchase the grid at this > point is > that there won't be enough funds available to maintain and upgrade the > lines > to improve the flow of electricity, according to several members of the > Senate > Budget Committee. >   "We're preparing for massive budget cuts this week because of this > electricity crisis," the member of the Senate Budget Committee said. > - - >      Plan Eliminates Purchase Of SoCal Ed's Power Lines > >   Nation's proposal calls for the state to hold a five-year option to buy > SoCal Ed's transmission lines for its book value price of $1.2 billion, > and > eliminate a provision that would ease the regulation of the utility by the > California Public Utilities Commission >   In exchange, SoCal Ed can securitize a larger portion of its $5.5 > billion in > unrecovered power costs backed by a larger dedicated rate component. >   Moreover, the utility would sell the state additional power at a cost > beyond > the 10 years already agreed upon in the memorandum-of-understanding and > additional power from other company sources. >   Nation also wants to set up a ratepayer revenue account to refund > consumers > if generators agree to accept less than 100 cents on the dollar. He said, > however, he does not plan to include a provision in any legislation that > states generators must take a "haircut" on money the companies claim they > are > owed by SoCal Ed. >   Republicans, including Assemblyman George Runner, R-Lancaster, and > Assemblyman Keith Richman, R-Granada Hills, have been working closely with > Nation and the 'Plan B' group. Jamie Fisfis, a spokesman for the Assembly > Republican Caucus said the caucus is not yet ready to support the plan, > but > Republicans are "happy" they are being included in the discussions. >   "We have two criteria when we evaluate the plan," Fisfis said. "The plan > has > to keep power rates as low as possible and puts more supply into the > grid." >   Steve Maviglio, Davis' press secretary, said the governor "has always > said > he's open to improvements" in the memorandum-of-understanding. >   "But it has to remain a balanced transaction," Maviglio said. >   Nation, a member of the Assembly since 2000, said the state would only > have > to spend a couple of weeks renegotiating the memorandum-of-understanding > with > Edison and that it could likely win a two-thirds majority vote in the > Assembly > shortly after that. >   Nation said he has had a number of conversations with Edison > International > executives on his proposal and "they have been generally receptive because > they believe the agreement with the governor won't pass." >   A SoCal Ed spokesman was unavailable for comment. >    Lawmakers Seeking Quick Exit From Power Buying Business > >   California has committed $7.2 billion of its roughly $8 billion general > fund > buying power since January on behalf of PG&E, SoCal Ed and Sempra Energy's > (SRE) San Diego Gas & Electric unit. >   But several lawmakers and one of Davis' financial advisers said Sunday > that > the state wants to desperately get out of the power buying business soon > because of the economic impact the energy spending will likely have on > education, transportation and other state programs. >   "We are beginning to realize that if we don't get out of the business of > buying electricity, we will be in the same boat as the utilities," said > one > state Senator who is also a member of the Senate Budget Committee. >   Nation agreed, saying "the best thing we can do for California is get > out of > this mess we're in. We need to get the DWR out of the business of buying > power." > >   Lawmakers Working To Keep SoCal Ed Out Of Bankruptcy > >   A number of Democrats in the Assembly, who have said SoCal Ed may be > better > off in bankruptcy, now want to see the utility remain solvent, Nation > said. >   "I think several months ago bankruptcy wouldn't have seemed like such a > challenge," Nation said. >   Nation said he fears that if SoCal Ed were in a bankruptcy setting, the > state's so-called qualifying facilities, renewable and gas fired power > plants > that contract directly with the utilities, may win the right to sell their > cheap power on the open market. >   "If that happens, it will dramatically raise the risk to the state > because > we will be forced to buy that power," Nation said. "I think people > understand > what the risks are and that's a real danger." > >    -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; 
 Thank.  Talk to you then.  Best, Jeff    Kortney Brown/ENRON@enronXgate 05/14/2001 03:00 PM 
 Your call.  Let us know what we can do to help.  Best, Jeff 
 Simon did a nice job on the presentation, but I need some things re-arranged, added, etc.  Should I call him directly, other?  Let me know.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 you getting pages in Tokyo?  jeff 
 thx for call.  no about plan "B" but haven't seen anything on paper.  jeff 
 s. govenar is faxing me a copy.  thx very much for the info.  jeff 
 Man, you rule!  Good job.  I'll give you a call. 
 Thanks.  Will be very interested to hear how the meeting goes.  My sense is that the timing could be just about right. Best, Jeff    Hedy Govenar <hgovenar@govadv.com> 05/14/2001 05:51 PM 
 I can make either time.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Scott Reblitz@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/14/2001 05:48 PM 
 It was a beautiful day (and evening).  Congratulations to you both.  It is a very sweet thing for two very sweet people, and I'm sort of choked up for being asked to be in the wedding party.  It was a great day for everybody. Congratulations.  Best, Jeff  Beware, the mighty reefer.... 
 Maureen:  Few things.  I was on the call with Steve today and he asked me to do a couple of things.  1) Send a summary of today's call to the email list that you've put together.  I've got the list from the note you forwarded to me with the call-in info for today's call.  Is that the complete list?  If not, could you foward me the most recent one, which I'll use to distribute the summary?  2) Could you set up another call for this Friday (May 18th) for 60 minutes at 10 CDT/8 AM PDT, and distribute to the same bunch of folks that were on today's call?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Best, Jeff 
 Plz call.  Any numbers yet?  Skilling talking to Gov today?   415.782.7822. 
 Got a message from PG&E.  Open season will be for 2003 and beyond and they'll be accepting bids up to 30 years.  Will talk to PG&E and get back with more information.  If you having any questions give a holler at 415.782.7822.  Best, JEff 
 FYI--unless I'm mistaken, the assignment that Steve gave Mike was a very quick and dirty analysis as I recall, i.e., should by no means be the tail that wags the dog.  P.S.  I eye-balled Mike's numbers, below.  Looks like about $75K for three months.  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 05/14/2001 08:07 PM 
 Great suggestions.  Thanks so much for the help.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: n order to keep everyone in the loop, the folks on today's call wanted to send out a brief summary of the call for the benefit of those who couldn't make it.  Apologies for any omissions, inaccuracies, etc.  Others who were on the call please chime in if I've gotten anything wrong, or missed anything.  Best, Jeff  SUMMARY Enron, Duke, El Paso and Williams were on the call, as was Michael Hoffman of the Blackstone Group (the Governor's financial advisors). On the subject of how the group would organize itself, it was agreed that the calls would be open to anyone who wanted to participate. A smaller group consisting of Duke, El Paso, Enron, and Williams would take the lead on walking the halls of Sacramento, meeting with policy makers, and advocating whatever plan the group develops. Folks agreed that achieving a comprehesive solution requires a tangible process; that is, the principals need to get in a room, face to face, for however long it takes to work out a resolution. It was agreed that the process should start no later than the beginning of next week, and that it should take place in Sacramento. It was decided that the Legislature and the Attorney General needed to be brought into the process as soon as possible, i.e., next week. There was some discussion regarding the release today of "Plan B."  Plan B is a plan proposed by Democratic and Republican legislators as an alternative to the MOU that the Governor struck with Edison.  After that call I received a copy of "Plan B."  If you'd like a copy please send me your fax number. Folks on the call agreed to have the next "supplier-only" call-in meeting on Friday. Finally, Michael Hoffman said that they are hoping to have a "ratings agency level" presentation prepared by the end of the week.  The goal of the presentation is to reassure capital markets that the bonds the state seeks to issue are solidly backed by retail rates.  The Agenda for Tomorrow's Call with the Governor's Staff Item #1:  The Credit Issue Michael Hoffman said that the Governor's office wants to start tomorrow's meeting discussing the creditworthiness issue. Hoffman said that the Governor's folks are hoping to have completed by the start of tomorrow's meeting a draft of an agreement between the California PUC and CDWR.  The agreement is designed to ensure that DWR gets paid for power services delivered. If the draft is ready, they'd like to discuss on the call tomorrow.  Item #2:  Identify the Components of a Comprehensive Solution. It was agreed that our group should put on the table at tomorrow's meeting the universe of issues that need to be included in a comprehensive solution. Enron was asked to take a first stab at what those components are.  The following is a brief outline, which is not intended to be definitive, but a starting point for discussion. Utility creditworthiness retail rates must reflect costs Increase supply streamline and otherwise reform the siting process Decrease demand establish real-time pricing implement demand buy-down and other conservation programs Create a real market Remove the State from the power-buying business as soon as possible (e.g., once new rates are in place and utilities are returned to creditworthiness; approximately 3-6 months) Return the procurement role to the utilities Reinstate Direct Access immediately for all customers Within 18-24 months, create a "core/noncore" market structure for electricity, similar to California's market structure for natural gas Keep the industry in the hands of the private sector Reject proposals calling on the State to take over transmission, generation, etc. Resolve outstanding legal claims, investigations, etc. Resolution requires certainty and prompt payment (understanding that discounts on receivables is on the table for discussion) 
 FYI. 
 I can do tomorrow. 
 Thanks a million.  FYI, I meant to send you a "thank you" note in response to the note with Friday call-in info, but it went to Steve instead.  Best, Jeff    Maureen McVicker 05/15/2001 09:30 AM 
 Rick/Paul:  Message(s) received loud and clear.  I'll await Paul's email and proceed according to that plan.  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 10:44 AM 
 FYI. 
 Wow.  Don't worry about it.  Have a great time in Montana.  It will be gorgeous up there.  You're camped out in Roseville?  You don't deserve that, Courtney.  Good idea to find out when the deadlines are.  When you get back, give a call and we can meet at break or have lunch or a beer after work or something.  Considering your options and keeping them open is a great idea and the right thing to do.  Don't stress too much.  Good luck and can't wait to hear about Big Sky.  Best, Jeff    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 10/01/2000 09:56 PM 
 Enron will very vigorously support the CS and I would hope that we could get as many people as possible to do the same.  Let's face it, California's gas industry is a mess for the same reasons the electricity industry is a mess (despite, and perhaps contrary to, the substantially more narrow reasoning offered by the Brattle Group).  The CS is a well-thought-out, well-designed program for moving forward; unlike the "interim," which takes two steps back.  Can we split up the names of all the people who signed on and call them and try to get them to show up in support?  Best, Jeff    Tom Beach <tomb@crossborderenergy.com> 05/14/2001 11:37 PM 
 How's this look?  Steve Kean Rick Shapiro (GA) Paul Kaufman (GA) Vicki Sharpe (EES) Mike D. Smith (EES) Chris Calger (ENA) Karen Denne (PA) 
 Thanks.  I'll get you one more name then.  FYI:  To use a Kaufman phrase, "I'm a little frosted."  I'm on a litigation call, on which I mentioned the Plan B (which I got only because I searched out Scott Governor yesterday).  On the call Sandi said, "Jeff, there's a response from the Governor to the Plan B, which I faxed to Steffes yesterday."  I want you to know that I took a deep breath, and asked Sandi to fax it to the San Francisco office.  Unreal....  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 11:38 AM 
 Thanks Robert: One caution.  It's important that the first-cut analysis be "simple" and uses, to the maximum extent possible, the MOU numbers and modeling.  This allows us to explain a complex situation to people who aren't necessarily "numbers oriented" and to do so with an "apples-to-apples"  comparison. That's not to say that we won't be doing scenarios--we will--but it's important to have, at the outset, the cleanest, simplest version of "here's what core/noncore looks like when we apply your numbers to your model."  That said, I understand that even with the simple base case, some tweeks are likely.   Talk to you in an hour.  Thanks again for the help.  Best, Jeff     Robert Neustaedter@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/15/2001 11:24 AM 
 I am on back to back conference calls.  What would you like me to do to help get materials prepared for Ken Lay?  I'm available at about 11:45 AM my time if you'd like to try to talk then.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 What are the details for tomorrow? 
 Looks complete to me.  No comments.  Best, Jeff    Paul Kaufman/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 11:30 AM 
 sorry to bother you with this, but could you please fax me the governor's response to plan B?  thx, jeff 
 Monday--In office Tuesday--Portland--Meet with ENA Wednesday--Portland Thursday--In office Friday--Vacation day possibly 
 My apologies in the delay getting this to you.  Best, Jeff 
 Was a pleasure.  Never hesitate to get in touch if you need anything.  Best of luck.  Look forward to working with you folks.  Best, Jeff 
 As always, can't thank you enough.  I get the sense that Loretta's decision will have to get somewhat friendlier to business (and our poor economy).  Best, Jeff    Hedy Govenar <hgovenar@govadv.com> 05/15/2001 01:57 PM 
 CTO or CIO, or both.  Phillip is first name.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 05/15/2001 01:48 PM 
 You going to brief me tonite on tomorrow's meeting? 
 You did an absolutely fabulous job on Sunday.  It was a great time, the food was extraordinary, and the wine was better still.  Thanks so much for it all.  You're very sweet.  Almost makes any more engagements superfluous, don't you think.  (kidding!)  Don't forget to water the tomatoes!  Best, Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/15/2001 11:27 AM 
 Thanks for the commnets, Lynn.  I've faxed you a copy of "Plan B."  I'll let others chime in, but ideally it seemsthat we'd want to start the meetings next week and have at least the rough outline of a proposed, comprehensive solution to put on the table for discussion.  But at a minimum we'd want to get "the process" nailed down by very early next week.  Best, Jeff     Lynn.A.Lednicky@dynegy.com 05/15/2001 07:34 AM 
 will do.  Thanks. 
 Thanks very much.    Joseph Alamo 05/15/2001 05:24 PM 
 i won.    Joseph Alamo 05/15/2001 05:39 PM 
 "Plan B" As folks know, there's a group of moderate Democrats in the CA Assembly that has been working on a "Plan B." They've been working on it because they're not satisfied with the Governor's MOU with Edison. The Plan B group has been talking to a broad array of stakeholders, including Republicans, to get input into how "Plan B" can improve upon the MOU. First the good news about Plan B:  a fairly bright group of legislators is rolling up its sleeves and attempting to come up with a centrist solution to the problem, and they're at least creating the appearance of trying to be bi-partison about it.  (There is at least one idea in Plan B that is attributable to a Republican--Keith Richman--that Ken Lay met with a couple of weeks ago.) So the beginnings of a process to resolve California's crisis may be emerging. Now the bad news:  because they are trying to build a consensus, Plan B is a mish-mash, isn't focused, includes some pretty bad ideas, excludes some good ideas (like re-establishing Direct Access immediately), and is going to require a lot more work to get right. Update on Efforts to Achieve a Settlement In the meeting with the suppliers that Steve Kean and I participated in yesterday, one of the financial consultants hired by the Governor criticized several of the Plan B proposals as unworkable. On today's call with the Governor's staff and suppliers it became somewhat apparent that the Governor isn't going drive a resolution, but will leave it to the Legislature to take the lead role. The staff emphasized repeatedly that the lawsuits, investigations, etc. were not on the table for discussion in any global settlement talks, and that attempting to bring them in to the negotiations was a nonstarter. Instead, the Governor's staff said that the group should focus on the size of the discount that suppliers would be willing to take. The suppliers pushed back, stating that including haircuts in the talks while excluding the lawsuits, investigations, etc. is one-sided and unworkable. The staff urged the group to begin negotiations with the Legislature, but made it fairly clear that the Governor would not be the one to pull the necessary principals together in a room to hammer out a solution; his staff implied instead that it's up to others, i.e., the suppliers, to get the process of negotiations underway. Next Steps If the Governor's financial consultants are prepared by Friday, they will brief suppliers on the ways in which the administration is attempting to resolve the State's creditworthiness issue to encourage suppliers to do power deals with CDWR.  It they are not ready by Friday, the suppliers will meet separately to discuss next steps. Finally, there's been some confusion.  My apologies. Sandi faxed to Jim and Harry yesterday a copy of "Plan B."  Sandi mentioned that the Governor gave the Plan B group an analysis of the Plan.  For those that have a copy of Plan B, see the 10-page memo dated May 12th, attached to the back of the Plan.  The memo is from Joe Fichera to John Dutra, Fred Keeley and Joe Nation (3 of the Plan B Democratic legislators).  Joe Fichera is the head of Saber Partners, a financial consulting group that the Governor hired to advise him on the crisis. If anyone has not yet received a copy of Plan B, please let me know and I'll get it to you.  Best, Jeff 
 No problem.  We will fax it to you.  Best, Jeff    "Edmonds, Sonnet" <sonnet.edmonds@mirant.com> 05/15/2001 02:43 PM 
 What wine tasting?    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/15/2001 06:19 PM 
 Greetings.  Will there be a call-in number?  Best, Jeff 
 never mind.  I actually bothered to read the ENTIRE note and answered by own question.  Apologies.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry, but thanks. 
 Here's the edited version (word document format).  If you have any questions, just give me a ring at 415.782.7822.  Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI.    "Laura Goldseth" <lgoldseth@svmg.org> 05/15/2001 07:27 PM 
 I'll be here. 
 Very nice touch; particularly the opening paragraph.  You do good memos. Should one expect any fireworks?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Maureen:  Steve should have received via fax from Scott Govenar a letter to Hertzberg and Burton from the Republican leadership in the CA Legislature.  The letter 1) conveys a strong willingness on the part of the Republicans to work together to solve the problem and 2) provides an outline of the key components of a comprehensive solution.  Could you please get a copy of the letter to Rosalee; and Rosalee could you get a copy of the letter to Ken Lay?    Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll buckle up.  P.S. 1Scott faxed you a letter from Cox and Brulte to Hertzberg and Burton. Check  it out.  It's a pretty darned smart letter:  1) very cooperative 2) substantively attractive and rational.  Best, Jeff 
 Sorry I had to get off the call early.  Hope it helped.  If there's anything else you need, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 yep.  it's on its way. 
 aye aye.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/16/2001 10:06 AM 
 FYI:  Just got off the phone with Michael Hoffman, who's one of two key outside financial advisors to Davis on the electricity crisis. The administration is trying to get a legally binding agreement between the PUC and DWR to ensure that the PUC doesn't muck around with the money (via utility rates) DWR requires to be creditworthy.  They were shooting for this Friday to have a draft of the document read for folks to review, but it now looks like it won't get resolved until (at the earliest) next week----seems that the one PUC lawyer who can actually do the work is on vacation.  Go figure.  Best, Jeff 
 Ok, cut the shakespeare.  What's your vote?  She wrote again in inquiring. 
 Thank you for the feedback.  We're "sanitizing" the document a wee bit (taking out the "opposing view--response" part).  When that's done, I assume it will OK to distribute.  Karen?  Best, Jeff    Susan M Landwehr 05/15/2001 11:12 PM 
 I'm trying to meet a deadline at the moment, but are you free this afternoon?  I have some information that can help a lot in that analysis.  Best, Jeff    Christopher F Calger/ENRON@enronXgate 05/16/2001 12:19 PM 
 I'll give you a call then.    Christopher F Calger/ENRON@enronXgate 05/16/2001 12:26 PM 
 Few changes made.  Here it is.  Best, Jeff 
 The place (outside) is a mess and needs some clean-up (e.g., get all that old wood out of the front yard, whack down the weeds).  Possible for you guys to come up next Wednesday night and we can do a quick clean up on Thursday.  I'm going to try to hire a hauling company to help us and haul it away.  If Cameron has to work are you available?  Best, Jeff 
 I'll do it, babe. 
 Apologies.  Can we make it 4?    Christopher F Calger/ENRON@enronXgate 05/16/2001 12:26 PM 
 sounds good.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 05/16/2001 02:18 PM 
 got message.  thanks. will talk to michael tribolet.  Best, Jeff 
 thanks.  talk to you then. 
 Hi Christine:  Yes, forwarded the email you sent last week.  Here's where folks came out. First, we think that the folks in your first group are mean.  Second, it's a real challenge managing a group of four and there's concern that five will break the camel's back.  Suggestion came up that it might be much more mangageable if you could try to link up with a smaller group first.  If there's a problem finding a smaller group, then we could try to do five and hope the ship don't sink?  Sound reasonable?  Best, Jeff    Christine Piesco <christine.piesco@oracle.com> 10/02/2000 01:14 PM 
 Duly noted on the email address.  Look forward to seeing you when you in California.  Best, Jeff    Stephanie Miller/ENRON@enronXgate 05/16/2001 02:15 PM 
 Apologies, but I'm trying to make sure that I have the meeting times right.  Monday 10:30 AM CDT--"All hands" meeting with business folks. Monday 3 PM CDT--Washington Call Tuesday/Thursday 1:30 PM CDT--California Call Thursday 4 PM CDT--Leadership call  Do I have these right?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  Please see attached file.  Do have have the information necessary to add a final column "Rates Established in Final Order?"  Could you let me know? Thanks.  Best, Jeff  - Comparison Table 5.10.01.xls 
 yuck yuck    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/16/2001 03:59 PM 
 Thank you.  So the leadership call is otherwise 4:30 PM CDT on Thursdays? 
 going to be more like 6 pm my time for hte background.  my apologies. 
 Here it is. See you at Sun bright and early.  At this point, I'm planning on accompanying you to LA, but we can play by ear.  Best, Jeff  - Comparison Table 5.10.01.xls 
 Dial in is 888.469.1069.  Pass code is reliant energy.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  Good luck. 
 That clears it up.  Thanks very much for the prompt response. 
 The dinner was incredibly delicious.  Thank you very much.  I apologize for being so late--increasingly I have less and less control over my schedule. Would have much preferred to have spent it with you guys.  And sorry that I pooped out so early---I'm running on zero sleep and had a 7:30 conference call this morning.  That said, the dinner was really extraordinary.  You guys outdid yourself. Made an others tough day very nice.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 sorry.  running around.  just got message.  am at desk now if u want to patch me in.  your call.  best, jeff 
 These are the materials that Ken Lay used in his discussions with California business leaders.  The word document was provided as background.  Please keep confidential and if I've missed anyone please forward along.  Comments are welcome and appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 u see letter from barry goode to u re: lawsuits NOT on table?  jeff 
 PG&E will announce via press release very early next week an open season on Redwood, Baja and Silverado. It comes in direct response to recent announcements of expansions into California by pipelines. The bid protocols will be structured similar to original open season from the original Gas Accord. The open season will start on June 1 and end on July 31. Capacity will be available starting 1.1.03. Bidders will be able to bid up to 30 years (PG&E states that that's what generators want). Accompanying the announcement will be another announcement that PG&E will expand Redwood by 200mmcf/day, which they hope to have available by 1.1.03, or some time during Q103. About 2-4 weeks after the open season begins, PG&E will file its proposed "Gas Accord II,"  (the first one expires end of 02). As part of that filing, PG&E will offer its proposed ratemaking treatment for the next five years (beginning 1.1.03). PG&E will not include in the open season 1) core capacity and 2) certain EAD contracts that extend beyond the Gas Accord 1 end date. In addition, PG&E will hold back an additional 20% (after excluding core and EAD), to be "open-seasoned" at some "future" date. The capacity to be auctioned is: 1) 900 mmcf/day on Redwood, 2) 245 (annual) on Baja, plus an additional 200/day in summer on Baja, 3) 155 on Silverado. How PG&E will market the 20% they intend to hold back, and when they might auction it off in the future will be discussed in PG&E's Gas Accord II filing. No single company will be awarded more than 30% of the capacity on any specific path in the primary open season (though firms can bid whatever level of capacity they choose).  Please forwad along to anyone else who might be interested.  If you have any questions, just holler.  Best, Jeff 
 it was really good.  how'd you cut up those damned potatoes like that?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 05/18/2001 12:16 PM 
 u up for going to the dome wednesday night? 
 call w/fluckinger?  no big deal.  just curious.  best,jeff 
 thx.  no problem.  jeff 
 Karen: Great job.  Here are my edits.  Best, Jeff 
 I have to go to Portland tomorrow, coming back Wednesday afternoon. I'd like to see you tonite before I leave if you're available. 
 Michael Tribolet and I (about 99% Michael) have put together a rough cut analysis of the core/noncore structure, and some scenarios Hertzberg has asked for.  Hertzberg's expecting some info from us on Monday (and I'm sure that he'll want more scenarios, too).  Are you available first thing Monday morning to be briefed on the analysis, my conversations with Hertzberg, what Hertzberg's strategy is, etc.? 
 Can you talk early Monday AM w/me & Tribolet re: core/noncore analysis for Hertzberg?  Jeff 
 Thank you.  I will participate in the call.   Best, Jeff 
 FYI.  Can you join? 
 need to chk w/Tribolet, but does 9:30 AM CDT on Monday work for you?  jeff 
 Just in case anyone had any doubts about how Davis is approaching the issue......  Davis announces four new energy advisors   Updated: May 18, 2001 - 2:54 p.m. Gov. Gray Davis has added four new advisers to his energy staff, including members of former Vice President Al Gore's staff and campaign team.  Chris Lehane, former Gore press secretary, and Mark Fabiani, a deputy campaign manager for the Gore-Lieberman presidential run, will coordinate the governor's communications staff on energy issues and help recruit a new director of communications.  Lehane and Fabiani's company will earn $30,000 per month for six months.  Nancy McFadden, former deputy chief of staff to Gore, will earn $118,000 a year as a senior adviser to the governor, said Steve Maviglio, Davis' spokesman. McFadden will concentrate on the governor's relations with federal regulators and with generators.  Davis also has recruited Kellan Fluckiger, chief operations officer for the Independent System Operator, keeper of the state's power grid.  Fluckiger is "on loan" from the ISO, and will work with energy suppliers, Maviglio said.  -- Associated Press 
 No word from Steve.  Ken thought the meetings were very worthwhile, though he was pooped by the time he got to the airport.  We laughed (cried?) about Riordan during the car ride.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 05/18/2001 06:58 PM 
 8:30 AM PDT, every monday.  call-in = 800.998.2462  code = 4912753  be great if you could join regularly.  Best, Jeff 
 Nice job.  Only comment is that the crazies in California now find market power under every rock and in every pipeline.  I think there's a chance that someone might assert that 20% share equals market power.  Might want to say "significant supplier" or something similar.  No big deal, but I thought I'd flag it for your consideration.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes.    Jennifer Thome 05/21/2001 10:03 AM 
 On the call on Friday, Linda asked if we could distribute materials developed/used recently in California regarding the crisis and solutions to try to resolve it.  Attached are:  A "backgrounder" provided to the business leaders that Ken Lay met with last week A power point presentation that is a "higher level" discussion of the more detailed "backgrounder."  If I missed anyone, please forward along.  If anyone has any questions, give me a call at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff 
 Seem like it's up to Cameron.  In the past, she's said that she doesn't like her B-Day to be included in the weekends' festivities.  I'm happy to celebrate then, though?  And happy to do anything else that anyone wants to do to celebrate.  Signed, Ooooolllll' Easy Goin'    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/21/2001 09:58 AM 
 You guys are stars.  Thanks so much for all you did for Prentice.  I think she had a really, really good time and felt really neat about the whole thing.  She's wonderful and you guys gave her the wonderful day that she earned and deserved.  Thanks so much.  And, as usual, thanks for being great hosts yesterday (Nancy, you outdid yourself with dinner).  OK, so I am doing everything that I can to leave for the Dome Wednesday night.  If you guys want, we can pack up the Suburban with everything that needs to go up ( or at least just about everything), and we can drive it up and then you two can take my SAAB up.  Then, coming back, you can drive the Suburban and I can drive the SAAB.  What do you think?  Finally, Eldon, do you have the Blue Book at your house?  I'm looking for the number of someone I can get to haul away all the crap (junk from around the generator shed, that rotten ol' pile of wood by the driveway, the un-salvagable wood from the old deck, etc.).  Can you find a couple "hauler" numbers in there and send me the numbers?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, my trunk can handle that easily.  Sounds like a plan!  I'm going to inform folks that I will be off Thursday/Friday.  I'll let you what reaction I get.     Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/21/2001 11:30 AM 
 Thanks. I should be there about 7.  You know that I love you very much, Prentice. 
 chk out today's news.  WSJ does feature on the "next phase" of e-commerce. and the Chron does a "is b2b dead" column in the biz section. 
 Power shortage shifts attitudes Posted at 10:51 p.m. PDT Sunday, May 20, 2001 BY NOAM LEVEY Mercury News Sacramento Bureau California's spiraling energy crisis, already menacing the state's economy and sucking billions of dollars out of the state treasury, has dramatically shaken Californians' confidence in their future and their governor, a new poll shows. Nearly half of the state's residents now believe California is headed in the wrong direction, a stunning reversal from just five months ago, when nearly two-thirds believed the state was headed in the right direction, according to the poll conducted by the Public Policy Institute of California. And bearing the brunt of this new pessimism is Gov. Gray Davis, whose approval ratings have plummeted to 46 percent, down from 63 percent in January, when the San Francisco-based institute conducted its last poll. ``We have seen slow deteriorations in public attitudes during tough times in the past,'' said Mark Baldassare, who directed the survey. ``But what is most surprising is the speed at which this change has occurred. . . . It is very dramatic.'' Indeed, the energy crisis now dominates all other issues confronting Californians, according to the survey of 2,001 residents statewide. Forty-three percent of respondents listed electricity as the most important issue facing the state, compared to just 13 percent who identified growth and 6 percent who identified education as the next most important issues. In recent years, Californians have consistently ranked education as their top issue. And nearly two thirds of respondents said they fear the issue of supply, demand and cost of electricity will hurt the California economy ``a great deal.'' ``Without electricity we can't do much of anything, especially work, and without work the economy will continue to tank,'' said Maria Griffiths, a 46-year-old juvenile court clerk in San Jose. Results dismissed The governor's top political adviser, Garry South, dismissed the findings as predictable. ``The voters are in a very bad mood. They are not happy with anyone in this drama,'' South said. ``But these poll numbers need to be taken in context. . . . People don't understand what he's done because it is very hard to communicate that in this state.'' South emphasized that he believes Californians will understand the extent of Davis' efforts by the time they go to the polls next year. Davis is expected to run for re-election next year, and several Republicans, including Secretary of State Bill Jones, are already lining up to challenge him. Davis also has his eyes on the presidential election in 2004. The survey found that most Californians do not blame Davis for the current electricity crisis. Only 10 percent say he and the current Legislature are culpable, compared to 32 percent who blame the utilities and 26 percent who blame former Gov. Pete Wilson and the legislators who passed California's landmark deregulation five years ago. ``He didn't make the deregulation disaster. I think that's Pete Wilson's legacy,'' said John Putica, 52, a bank loan officer in San Jose. Criticism for Davis But there are nonetheless troubling signs for the man charged with leading California out of its power troubles. Sixty percent of those polled said they disapprove of how Davis is handling the power crisis, much to the delight of Republicans who have hammered the governor for not doing more. Davis has emphasized that the solution to the state's electricity crisis involves more power plants, more conservation and federal intervention to control the price that California is being forced to pay for power. The state has approved 15 new power plants since Davis was elected. But for the past several weeks, the governor has been fighting an escalating war of words with the White House over President Bush's unwillingness to support price caps on electricity. Bush's energy plan released last week again rejected price controls and focused instead on rapidly boosting the nation's supply of power. The Public Policy Institute of California's survey found that 43 percent of Californians believe that new power plants offer the best solution to the crisis. But there is far less support for either conservation or price caps; 18 percent identified conservation as the most important solution, and just 8 percent favored federal price controls on generators. That news was warmly received by a representative of power generators, who have been accused by Davis and others of artificially inflating the price of power to mine the California market for excessive profits. ``I think the public is skeptical of the actual benefits of trying to cap the price of power,'' said Jan Smutny-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers Association. Electricity generators argue that price caps will discourage the construction of more power plants. Backing re-regulation Meanwhile, consumer groups, who have been advocating for re-regulation of the electricity market, were left to hope that support for more controls will come when Californians' power bills start rising next month. ``People don't yet understand that generators are responsible for cutting off the juice,'' said Harvey Rosenfield of the Santa Monica-based Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights. ``But in three weeks, California is going to face a catastrophe. This is going to hit supernova status. . . . Once people understand what the causes are here, I think they will understand that the only solution will be re-regulation.'' Whether they will trust the state to come up with a solution is unclear, however. ``The electricity problem has not only had major consequences on how people view their leaders and their short-term future,'' said Baldassare of the Public Policy Institute of California. ``There is less confidence in the state's ability to plan for the long-term future. And that is giving people worry. ``This crisis and the general economic uncertainty have severely undermined public confidence in California's future and its leaders.''    Mercury News Staff Writer Mike Zapler contributed to this report. 
 No problem.  Let's talk.  I'm really comfortably having you and me and your mom and keith talk about.  I'm very interested in buying Jay's property, but I don't even the details yet.  Here's my suggestion.  If they want to come up that bad, they should.  My agent is a very cool person up there.  Here name is Sharon Burningham.  She is with Coldwell Banker.  Her number is 707.884.5270.  ext. 308.  You should feel free to tell your mom that Prentice and I have always have the intention of buying Jay's place, and we've had a sort of unspoken agreement that he'd give us the first "head's up" when he decided to sell.  To be honest, we didn't expect it to be this quick, but hey, it is what it is.  You can also tell your mom that I'm very happy to talk about partnering with her.  But it's WAY to early right now.  As we discussed, I need to spend some time with Jay---the other very important thing for me is that Jay's a very good friend, and I want to protect that, too.  In the meantime, I think that it would be great for your mom and Keith to have Sharon take them around and show them some killer million--plus--dollar homes and have some fun cruising around and seeing what the area has to offer.  I'm real happy to call Sharon, too.  That sound like a plan?  Where can I call you?  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 05/21/2001 02:38 PM 
 Ditto.  Hope to get to see you in person again soon.  Lay said the CSU meeting went pretty well.  Best, Jeff 
 Oversight.  No other reason.  Thanks for noticing and letting me know.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 05/21/2001 04:03 PM 
 FYI.  Apologies for the oversight of not including you on the list.  If you have any questions, etc. just give a holler (415.782.7822).  Best, Jeff 
 Though I had a somewhat different notion when I initially raised the idea of co-sponsorship, I agree with Lee's observations and think that we should proceed the way he suggests. 
 OK gang, she's hell bent, and I've spent about as much time as I'm willing on this.  Sorry about the hassle---Jimmie, if you hadn't used that colorful language, we wouldn't be in this mess.  Anyway, unless I hear strong protests in the next 30 minutes, I'm writing back to say she can join (and has to do the next case all by her lonesome on the team's behalf as payback).  Lemme know.  Best, Jeff 
 Hertzberg called.  We very briefly discussed the scenarios that he asked us to build for him.  I've attached the file.  the supporting spreadsheets are not included.  If folks would like them, let me know.  Please keep the file confidential.  Hertzberg wanted to see what happened to rates for large (noncore) customers if the small (core) customers' share of past utility debt is shifted to noncore customers. Our analsis shows that noncore rates approach Loretta's recent rate increases when approximately 50% of core's share of utility past debt is shifted to businesess (i.e., to noncore).  (In fact, Edison's rate in this scenario is below the Lynch rate, while PG&E's is modestly above.) Increasing the cost shift above the 50% level would start to push rates significantly above the Lynch rates. Note, however, that in its recent submission to the PUC, DWR's asserts that it's revenue requirement is substantially higher than the revenues support by the Lynch rate increase, suggesting that Lynch will have to increase rates again soon. In addition, Loretta's rates also do not reflect past utility costs, which will require yet additional increases. I expect to have another conversation with the Speaker later this evening or tomorrow to discuss the scenarios in more detail  (he would still like to put 100% of the IOUs past debts on noncore in exchange for getting a competitive market and out from under Loretta). I will report back after we've spoken. All ideas, suggestions, etc. regarding the attached spreadsheet are welcome and appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 So far there's Wild Goose, but there in Northern California--have to go through the Wheeler bottleneck--so that likely won't hunt.  Lodi's a possibility, but it's well inland, unlike the significantly more strategic storage assets on the coast.  In addition, Lodi's in the process of selling, so there's some uncertainty in the short run.  Bottom line, folks are trying to build competitive storage, but it's in the "emerging" phase in a very hostile environment.  We should discuss further, though; very interesting idea.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 05/22/2001 08:45 AM 
 I'll have Joseph clean up the letter and send you the email/fax #'s etc. for the list, for the cards that I gathered.  Best, Jeff 
 The advocacy ad blitz has started.  I don't know if I have the title correct, but the D.C. based arm of the Democratic National Committee has started an ad campaign against Republicans (in San Diego I believe).  The head of the committee was quoted this morning as saying something to the effect of, "the Republicans in Washington aren't doing anything to solve the problem and "we" want to make sure that they're held accountable."  Best, Jeff 
 plz call as soon as you have a second.  thx, jeff 
 I spoke again briefly with Hertzberg last night and had a lengthy discussion late last night with the guy from CSFB who's been providing Hertzberg with pro bono financial advice on the crisis.  Hertzberg is still hot on putting all of the utility past due on the noncore, though his consultant and I agreed that, politically, the number is more likely to end up somewhere south of 100% (if this thing gets legs).  Hertzberg asked for, and we provided today, a "fifth scenario," which shows how the numbers work out if 100% of core's share of utility past due is shifted to noncore.  It's attached.  Will report back with any further developments.  Note: Please discard the file that I sent you yesterday and replace it with this one.  That file accidentally had the same cents/kwh, noncore rate for both Edison and PG&E.  Edison's rate should be 12.98 cents/kwh NOT 12.21 cents/kwh. It's the line that reads "Total cost to Noncore under CPUC's Recent Decision."  Best, Jeff 
 Here it is. 
 sigh....    Susan M Landwehr 05/22/2001 12:27 PM 
  Greetings Hap: Hope all's well and Edison's paying you.  Please be absolutely sure in the future to email or phone me with a head's up on filings like these in California prior to filing.  As you know, it's crazy in California, with a lot flying around in numerous forums.  Even Ken Lay's frequently been to California over the past couple of months trying to educate and advocate rational, detailed solutions.  Want to make absolutely sure that we don't step on each other in our many attempts to get this ridiculous state back on track.  Not trying to slow you down, or dictate content; rather, given the high-stakes nature of the California situation, coordination is critical. Thanks much.  Best, Jeff 
 Have messages in to him.    James D Steffes 10/02/2000 02:50 PM 
 Congratulations sweetie:  Everything OK?  So glad to hear.  All the best to all three of you.  Best, Jeff 
 Ideally, we'd leave earlier--gotta go to Napa to pick up the Suburban, Annie, etc.---but otherwise, let's try to leave as close to 9 pm as possible.  Best, Jeff 
 Duly noted.  I'll send you the latest.  I'll include you from this point on in the distribution list.  If it gets to be too much in your in-box, just let me know and I'll try to pare it back.  Here's the bottom line.  Folks have asked me to coordinate California to some degree and there'll be an expectation that we're well coordinated.  Again, this is not at all about making your life more difficult, just a case of being well-informed.  And my apologies for not having included you on the email distribution list sooner.  Best, Jeff    Hap Boyd 05/22/2001 03:01 PM 
 FYI.  We're trying to keep the stuff confidential.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much for the info Scott.  I'll give Allan a call.  Best, Jeff    Scott Govenar <sgovenar@govadv.com> 05/22/2001 04:22 PM 
 Was it an emergency bill? 
 plz call when you can. 415.782.7822. thx,jeff 
 To get from the California border down to Mexico, you would get service off of SoCalGas' and SDG&E's tariff (i.e., you have to wheel through SoCalGas and SDG&E to get there.  There may be a single tariff for that service, however (rather than taking service off of two tariffs).  I'll try to get the tariff numbers and get back to you.  All the tariffs are on Sempra's website.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's a map.  - ld2d-#69334-1.DOC  Best, Jeff 
 What do you think?  Me or you get to have all the funny with Johnnie Jurewitz? 
 Good talking to you last nite.  Here's the summary with the 5th scenario. The Speaker has it.  Give a call if you have any questions.  Best, Jeff 
 Rick Morrow was very unhappy with it, which in some ways surprised me.  Man, you were loaded for bear!  The points you made came off very compelling.  You enjoying the new role?    "Cherry, Brian" <BKC7@pge.com> 05/23/2001 10:39 AM 
 do you have eldon's cell phone #? 
 plz call when you can.  re: core/noncore.  thx, jeff  415.782.7822 
 Anybody listen in on the press conference?  Anything of note?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks a million. 
 don't have that.    Mingcheng Lian 05/23/2001 01:49 PM 
 Rosalee:  Could you please print out the following two documents for Mr. Lay?  One is an excel sheet showing the summary of the results of our analyis of the core/noncore market structure that Mr. Lay has been discussing with leaders in California.  The other is a word document explaining the summary tables contents.  If you have any questions, just let me know.  Maureen, can you print out for Steve, too?  Thanks very much for your help.  Best, Jeff 
 Steve.  FYI.  Got bounced back the first time. 
 woodward is great!  damned good choice.  who's the 12?  and what day? 
 Clearly, there are still some really crazy ideas floating around out there. 
 My apologies, Rosalee.  Not sure what happened.  Let's try again.  Let me know if you're still having problems.  Best, Jeff 
 Jennifer: I think that Jeff (from Transwestern) should take a look and provide any comments that he might have.  Jeff, feel free to send any comments directly to Jennifer (and copy me, too, since I'm always interested in your comments).  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 That sounds like a fun meeting.... Best of luck.  Best, Jeff    Michael Tribolet/ENRON@enronXgate 05/23/2001 05:39 PM 
 I'm off to a family gathering starting tomorrow (but will be checking in Thursday and Friday).  I'm about 1/3 of the way through reviews.  Any chance of getting a slight delay (say until next Wednesday or Thursday) to complete them?  Best, Jeff 
 I need to be in Los Angeles at about 10-10:30 am on june 5th.  and we should do the colorado tickets, too, i guess.  i'll call you tomorrow and we can discuss?  thanks for asking.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 05/23/2001 06:19 PM 
 I don't recall Lay saying that the increase should apply to DA customers.  We should discuss further just to make sure that we're all on the same page.  Best, Jeff    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 05/24/2001 09:26 AM 
 are you serious?    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 10/02/2000 04:42 PM 
 I agree.    James D Steffes 05/24/2001 04:04 PM 
 Seems to have Riordan written all over it.  I say "no big deal."  We're talking to everyone.  No secrecy involved.  We'll keep talking, being constructive and trying to help develop solutions that work for CA.   Your thoughts? 
 office = 415.782.7822 fax = 415.782.7854 mobile = 415.505.6633 pager (best way to get me) = 888.916.7184 ass't = Joseph Alamo 415.782.7841    Mauricio Guevara/ENRON@enronXgate 05/29/2001 11:17 AM 
 FYI. 
 Greetings. Forgive the delays.  The meeting can largely be summarized by the CEC presentation.  I'll have Joseph email it to you.  In a nut shell, there's more interstate pipeline coming to the California border than there is INTRAstate capacity to take it from the California border to the consumer/business.  The CEC's forecasts show that things will be tight in California.  The thrust of the workshop is that, just like power plants, intrastate pipeline capapcity is lagging demand in California and California needs to make a concerted effort at revitalizing the in-state gas infrastructure and do it quickly.   Hope this is helpful, and again, sorry for the delay.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 05/29/2001 12:01 PM 
 I'd blow it off.  Your batting 0.9999999999.  In anybody's book, that's phenomenal.  Don't look back.  And PR, under the circumstances, is doing a stellar job overall.  Vacation was nice.  Thanks.  Bad thing is it made me realize how much more of it I need (and likely ain't gonna get soon).  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 05/29/2001 01:07 PM 
 oh come on.  you're kidding, right?  I thought i'd ostracized him from teh enron ranks.  are you sure?    MDay <MDay@GMSSR.com> 05/29/2001 02:03 PM 
 I've got your glasses case with your sunglasses "clip-ons" and a letter to you of some sorts.  May be other stuff, too, but that's all that i've found thus far.  best, jeff 
 Well, if you're going to want someone from Enron, it's going to have to be me.  Let me know if you're still interested.    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@smithandkempton.com> 10/02/2000 04:51 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 Greetings: Have you seen this?  Any view on whether there's a group of economists who think otherwise and might be willing to express their views in a response to this letter?  P.S. Talked to Tyson re: trying to get economists back in the middle of this, but I wasn't altogether successful.  Best, Jeff 
 From Kirsten's second report, sounds like the core/noncore is getting longer legs and moving more quickly.  I'm concerned about Bev speaking on our behalf---only because her knowledge base is quite low---and plan on phoning her to ensure that she has the message down pat.  Thoughts?  Also, I've forewarded the econ letter to Teece to see if we can get the "manifesto" group to respond.  Best, Jeff 
 just calling them as i see them.  i WISH that i were glad to be back.  but who knows, this core/noncore thing just might work .  please keep all fingers and toes crossed indefinitely.  Best, jeff    Karen Denne 05/29/2001 02:50 PM 
 Thanks.  Talked to Rob.  He's going to find out timing and cost to do a bigger American Ass. of Economist number on Wolak & Co., while I work the manifesto gang.  Best, Jeff 
 The bad news is I left my bag with clothes and toiletries at the Dome.  The good news is it's a great excuse to have to go up again this weekend!  Thanks again for everything.  Really nice with only the principals---smaller, more intimate, less mess---and the ping pong table is a HUGE hit.  I hope you enjoy my loving ribbing as much as I enjoy yours.  Best, Jeff 
 Yeah, tell me about it.   (Payback for what!?!?)  So that means you DON'T enjoy my loving ribbing?  P.S. My butt still feels like there's all these rubberbands wrapped around it......(:    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/29/2001 03:25 PM 
 FYI. For future reference. 
 You need to worry less about Cameron, because I think that it's one of those very deeply rooted Mom/daughter things, and will take time to work out.  And I sense a phase that she's going through that is just like the one that my older sister went through with my Mom around the same age (which I wasn't particularly happy about, but I think it's normal, sort of).  I'd be happy to talk about it if you want some time.  I think part of it is going to be that primordial thing where she's starting her own gig with Scott and it's going to be like a second "breaking away" (the one that comes after teen-age-dom).  So it's less about you and much more about her (and Scott, to some degree, too).  I hope I'm not confusing matters more.  Hugs, Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/29/2001 04:00 PM 
 Dear Ms Picky: Thank you and please don't hesitate to comment on such things in the future, because such comments are welcomed and encouraged.  Signed, Grammatically challenged    Jennifer Thome 05/29/2001 04:12 PM 
 See below.    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@smithandkempton.com> 10/02/2000 05:13 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 Thanks, Karen.  Chalk up one for the good guys.  Barrett has been rock-solid (and right) on the issue.    Karen Denne 05/29/2001 05:27 PM 
 Thanks very much Scott.  Could you also forward to the SF office.  Much appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Status of core/noncore proposal Buzz about the proposal in Sacramento is still significant and growing. Our name is being tossed about, but in the context (apparently) of "some parts of Enron's core/noncore proposal." Hertzberg is slated to meet with his caucus this evening to discuss the plan.  Conversation with Governor's Financial Advisor Talked to Michael Hoffman today (one of Governor's financial advisors) They've run Hertzberg's version of the core/noncore model (i.e., noncore eats IOU past due) using their MOU numbers. They said that the model "can work" if noncore can contract for $80/MWH (this is pretty consistent with our analysis). Hoffman's guys are doing a final scrub on the numbers and Hoffman will fax me the results tomorrow AM. Hertzberg is coming up with "additional" twists, however. The twists include increasing the bond issuance to ~$20B (to keep core rates down). Hoffman and Co. are concerned that the market can't/won't swallow $20B of additional debt (the MOU would issue about $13B). In addition, Hertzberg wants to stretch it out for 20 years (the MOU would issues 15-year paper)----Hoffman and Co. are concerned that the market won't buy 20-year paper. Hoffman & Co. continue to work on the DWR creditworthiness issue (if not done by July, they'll lose the contracts they've signed, which have out clauses in the event that credit isn't in place by July)  Conversation with the Chamber The Chamber of Commerce called and I re-iterated (again) the key features of our core/noncore proposal (as opposed to other features being tossed about, e.g., cost-shifting). They were very appreciative, liked the features of our proposal (again) and we agreed to stay in close contact.  Finally, I have a call into Hertzberg to see what else I can learn.  Best, Jeff 
 For some reason, the sites not opening.  I'll keep trying and keep you informed.  Best, Jeff 
 You are most welcome, indeed.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/30/2001 09:55 AM 
 What time's the show?  Do we know what station?  Here are my points:  Stop the blame; stop the political rhetoric. If there's evidence that manipulation has occured, produce it--the investigations have been going on for a year.  Stop the McCarthyist tactics. Californians want a real, comprehensive solution that is bi-partisan More supply Less demand No state takeovers; state out of procurement now. A real energy market place (competition and choice) Creditworthy utilities (prices that reflect the true cost of power)     Karen Denne 05/30/2001 11:31 AM 
 you win the big prize! 
 I've received a copy of the powerpoint presentation Hertzberg made to the his caucus.  Unfortunately, it's a fax and hardly legible.  I can make out, however, that it is the core/noncore plan.  I'm attempting to get a better copy and will distribute as soon as I get my hands on it.  Please keep confidential that we have a copy.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Folks:  Here is a rewrite of the power point presentation referenced in the previous note.  Again, please keep confidential and do not distribute.  It's the copy that Hertzberg used to present to his caucus.Thanks.  Best, Jeff  P.S.  Our numbers show that noncore for Edison would be about 30% of load; Hertzberg has it at about 20%. 
 u won't believe this (o yes u will).  karen just called and told me that the event's been cancelled. but don't cancel anything until i get a chance to talk to her live first.  thanks, jeff    Joseph Alamo 05/30/2001 03:25 PM 
 Jennifer: To my knowledge, there's been no decision made to date on this issue of exit fees, either at the PUC or the legislature.  But it's my understanding that the rate increases just imposed by the PUC will NOT apply to DA customers. What happens to customers who switch today, I'm not sure.  Jeanne, any thoughts?    Joseph Alamo 05/30/2001 01:49 PM 
 FYI.  I'll be overnighting to you the analysis done for core/noncore by the Gov's finance people.  Best, Jeff 
 Jennifer:  Please be sure to connect Tom and Nancy, since I had a discussion with her about CA gas and had this stuff sent to her.  Best, Jeff 
 Plan would have biggest customers pay Edison's debt Greg Lucas, Sacramento Bureau Chief Thursday, May 31, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/05/31/M N231235.DTL Sacramento -- Legislative leaders are drafting a new rescue plan for Southern California Edison that would put the utility back on its feet financially at the expense of its biggest customers. The plan would leave manufacturers, refineries and other big industrial customers with the burden of paying nearly all the utility's $3.5 billion back debt through a dedicated charge. Residential and small commercial users would be on the hook for only a fraction of the back debt. Big users say it is unfair to saddle them with all of Edison's debt, but supporters of the plan say it's these users that wanted deregulation and should shoulder the costs it created. "We're trying to put something together in a way that solves all these problems, and if people are to be pigheaded about it, we won't solve any problems," said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek (Santa Cruz County). Although the plan is an alternative to Gov. Gray Davis' proposed deal to put Edison back on its feet financially, it could be used as a model to help restore Pacific Gas and Electric Co. to solvency. Democrats say the plan contains some elements desired by Republicans, but GOP lawmakers object to saddling large business users with Edison's debt. The plan is based on the way gas customers are divided into "core" and "noncore" users. SEPARATING 'CORE' USERS Under this proposal, electrical users would be divided the same way. Core users would be customers who use 500 kilowatts or less a month. Noncore would be those using more than 500 kilowatts. Out of Edison's 4.2 million customers, only 3,600 would be noncore customers. But those 3,600 customers use about 26 percent of Edison's demand for energy. Core customers would get their power from generators owned by Edison, long- term contracts and alternative energy producers, such as wind farms and solar panels, on contract with the utility. That would mean those customers would no longer be subject to the whims of the spot market, which has far higher prices than other sources of electricity. Large users, the noncore customers, would be given the right to negotiate to buy their power directly from generators or build on-site power plants to make themselves energy self-sufficient. The plan would be phased in through January 2003 to give large energy customers time to prepare for buying power on the open market. During that period, residential, small business and large industrial users would all share in paying off Edison's debt. But in 2003, that burden would shift exclusively to the big users. Republican lawmakers and those same large users have been clamoring to be given what is called "direct access" to generators so they can negotiate cheaper rates. Enron is also backing the idea of cutting loose the largest electricity users because that would create a built-in market for the energy the company sells. Large users who want to remain on the grid could do so. EDISON 'ENCOURAGED' Sources said Edison officials met with lawmakers over the weekend to iron out details of the plan. A spokesman for Edison said he was "encouraged" by the talks. "I haven't seen a finished product or a plan," said Bob Foster, a senior vice president with Edison. "They're approaching this in a spirit of goodwill and trying to find a solution." Big businesses complain that the plan does not work because right now, there is nowhere they can buy cheap electricity. "We're very concerned that separating the core from the noncore means we will experience extreme rate hikes over the next two years," said D.J. Smith, a lobbyist for the California Large Energy Consumers Association. "When you add blackouts, the multiple interruptions of production and another potentially huge rate hike, the result would be catastrophic to the economy," Smith said. Added Dorothy Rothrock, a lobbyist for the California Manufacturers and Technology Association: "What's the rationale for the noncore to be paying the entire Edison undercollection? It sounds to me like just pure politics. They don't want voters to pay because they vote." CONSUMER ADVOCATE SMELLS A RAT Harvey Rosenfield, head of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, said he thought the plan would eventually turn into a bailout as business interests muscle lawmakers into pushing some portion of Edison's debt onto residential and smaller commercial customers. "I think it's a trick. We've seen this same tactic used at the Public Utilities Commission, where what were supposed to be rate increases for big business end up costing more for residential and small businesses," Rosenfield said. The new plan also does not include the outright purchase of Edison's part of the transmission system that loops electricity around the state. Davis backs buying the lines for $2.7 billion. Democrats have insisted that for the state's financial help, taxpayers receive something of value. Republicans have insisted that they will back no proposal that includes state purchase of transmission lines. In the new proposal, the state would have a five-year option to buy the transmission lines for $1.2 billion -- the book value of the asset. In addition, the utility would make $1.5 billion available to the state to either purchase other assets -- such as Edison's hydroelectric facilities, for example -- or use it in partnership to build new power plants. E-mail Greg Lucas at glucas@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 5 
 Municipal utilities warned Governor says he'll seize excess electricity if prices don't come down David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer Thursday, May 31, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/05/31/MN154796.DTL Sacramento -- Gov. Gray Davis threatened last night to seize excess power generated by California's municipal utility districts, which he said have charged even higher electricity prices than out-of-state generators. Davis said in an interview with The Chronicle that some municipal utility districts have charged the state as much as 10 percent more than the average wholesale cost demanded by private power companies. The governor's tough talk came as California suffered through a Stage 2 power alert and faced the prospect of a long, hot summer of rolling blackouts and skyrocketing electricity prices. So far this year, the state has paid more than $8.2 billion to buy power for its cash-strapped utilities. In a variation on his threat to seize power plants from out-of-state generators if they continue gouging California ratepayers, the governor said he would use his executive powers to claim excess juice from the locally owned utilities if they do not lower their prices. He said he is ready to go to court if they offer resistance. "We're going to get that power one way or another," Davis said. Municipal utilities are city-owned power companies. In Northern California, there are municipal utilities in Alameda, Palo Alto, Redding, Sacramento and Santa Clara. Los Angeles has the largest municipal utility in the state. 30 DAYS TILL CONTRACT DETAILS For the first time, the governor also gave a time frame for releasing details of more than 40 long-term electricity contracts California is signing with generators since the financial meltdown of the state's two biggest utilities. He said that after about six more contracts get nailed down, he expects full details to be made available within 30 days. Although the contracts involve nearly $40 billion in public funds, Davis and other state officials have adamantly refused to divulge their contents, insisting that secrecy is needed to remain competitive during negotiations. The Chronicle and other media outlets have filed suit for access to the contracts, arguing that the public has a right to know how its money is being spent. RUDE AWAKENING While going toe-to-toe with the out-of-state generators, the last thing Davis needed was for municipal utilities -- the home team, as it were -- to emulate the Texas big boys and dig deep into California's pockets. Yet the governor's negotiators have been struggling for weeks to convince municipals that they are obliged to provide power at cost -- which Davis insisted they are required to do by law. He met last week with the heads of a dozen municipal utilities and told them explicitly that he would not tolerate gouging from within the state as California faces a summer of potential blackouts. The governor said after the meeting that the municipals had agreed "to make most of their excess power available this summer . . . at prices significantly lower than those being charged on the spot market." Apparently, however, little progress has been made since that declaration. Davis told The Chronicle last night that he is still "trying very hard to promote this notion that we're all in this together." While unwilling to specify which municipal utilities have been most aggressive in their pricing, and refusing to place a dollar amount on how much the utilities charged, Davis said he is prepared to seize up to 800 megawatts of output if the they do not change their ways. Eight hundred megawatts is enough power to light about 800,000 homes. Representatives of the various municipal utilities could not be reached for comment, nor could a spokesperson for the California Municipal Utilities Association in Sacramento. "I told them that they will either (reduce their prices) voluntarily or involuntarily," the governor said. UNCERTAIN FUTURE It remains to be seen, however, whether the municipal utilities will play ball. To date, they have shown a firm inclination to go their own way. In March, Lodi's municipal utility district and a Northern California municipal utility cooperative that includes Palo Alto, Santa Clara and Alameda told Pacific Gas and Electric Co. that they will not participate in rolling blackouts during power shortages. "I won't arbitrarily screw my customers . . . so 5,000 PG&E customers can turn on their lights somewhere else," said Alan Vallow, director of the utility serving Lodi's 58,000 residents. E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
 It's simple.  Purchase.......I mean Pool.......well, purchase can be better sometimes.    Prentice Sellers <psellers@pacbell.net> 10/02/2000 06:09 PM 
 Puh-leez.  We did the plastic and the rocks to avoid weeding.  How can there be any weeding?  Unfortunately we can't stop by on the way up, but likely on the way back, which may be Saturday night.  If so, do you guys wan't to play golf on Sunday morning?  (Prentice is leaving with her pals today, and I'm heading up sometime tomorrow.)  Dinner was exactly $50/person.  Thanks for bringing the wine----my shirt loved it.  Best, Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/31/2001 09:20 AM 
 Well, get out there and weed, then.   Can't take Annie (too short a trip). I'm pretty sure that we'll be there.  Make tee times for 9 am?  You can wait till we see you to pay.  They did charge corkage---just a nice, not too expensive place.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 05/31/2001 12:49 PM 
 u can cancel.    Joseph Alamo 05/30/2001 04:56 PM 
 Here's the document that I sent, and the list of folks that I sent it to. 
 Here's the document that I received from the lobbyist today.  It's the same document that I distributed internally yesterday.  Best, Jeff 
 To add to Bev's comments, I've gotten many calls from large customers today. I'll be meeting with them in Sacramento on Monday to discuss the core/noncore structure further and try to craft a core/noncore structure that makes sense.  I've also asked Sandi and the Sacramento team to line up meetings with key legislators while I'm there to discuss the same.  Business is, as was expected, very unhappy about that portion of the plan that would stick them with all of Edison's debts.  They view it as unfair and punitive (which it is) and are frustrated that the Democrats would include it simply to "make the deal Harvey proof."  Many questioned Keeley about why the Democrats are hell bent on pandering to Harvey.  Keely said that the Assembly is also trying to come up with something that will get support from the Senate (read "Burton").  Keely also mentioned our name in a list of many names as sources of information used to build the proposal.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks very much Rosalee.  Karen: Do you have a copy of the Dow Jones article?  I'd like to email the piece to Brulte, if you don' t have any objections.  Best, Jeff    Rosalee Fleming/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 06:07 PM 
 FYI.  Did we talk to Leopold?  Might be useful to stress that that under noncore/core (like Direct Access), customers choose from among a host of competing providers for their service, not just Enron.  Best, Jeff    California Lawmakers Eye Billing Businesses for Edison Rescue By Jason Leopold ? 18:00 ET Dow Jones Business News (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) Dow Jones Newswires LOS ANGELES -- California lawmakers are mulling yet another set of ideas for rescuing embattled Southern California Edison, and this time businesses would be on the hook. In an attempt to deflect charges of a bailout that have thus far stymied efforts to restore the utility to solvency, legislators are now considering ways to shift the burden of financing the rescue from residential ratepayers to the state's largest businesses, aides to key state lawmakers said this week. The ideas being worked over by Senate President Pro Tem John Burton, Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg and Assemblyman Fred Keeley have yet to take shape as formal proposals. But an aide to Burton said some key lawmakers are so "desperate" to keep Edison International (EIX) utility Southern California Edison from following PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric into bankruptcy court that they are willing to consider anything that will takse residential consumers out of the equation. "The idea is that the large industrial customers are the ones who pushed for deregulation in the first place, so they should be responsible for bailing out Edison," the aide said. "We're looking to take the burden off of residential ratepayers." The premise of a plan discussed by lawmakers on a conference call Thursday is to designate Southern California Edison's largest commercial ratepayers as non-core customers. Those customers -- some 3,600 users of more than 500 kilowatt-hours a month -- would be responsible for financing the cost of power the utility must purchase or have purchased for it in the wholesale market. The non-core customers would also help the utility recoup most of its $5.5 billion in unrecovered power costs through a surcharge on their bills. Core residential customers would be protected from the wholesale power market as the primary beneficiaries of the low-cost power the utilities generate themselves or have locked up in long-term contracts. Enron Pushing Access to Customers Separately, Enron Corp. (ENE) has been lobbying lawmakers for several weeks to win approval to sign power-supply contracts with Southern California Edison's largest commercial customers, leaving the utility to serve just its residential customers and small businesses, aides to Gov. Gray Davis, Messrs. Burton and Hertzberg said. An Enron executive confirmed that the company sent a four-page proposal to Mr. Hertzberg proposing that Southern California Edison's large industrial customers sign so-called direct-access contracts with Enron. Enron also has recently made a presentation about direct access to some members of the California Chamber of Commerce. Under the proposal, heavy users would be required to contract directly with companies like Enron for their power. Direct access was a key part of the state's 1996 deregulation plan, but was scrapped early this year when the state started buying wholesale power in place of the utilities. The core/non-core proposal is one of several being discussed by lawmakers as alternatives to a memorandum of understanding Mr. Davis struck with Edison in April. The MOU -- which doesn't vary much from an agreement in principle reached in February -- has been called dead on arrival by some lawmakers, who have been mulling various alternatives rather than moving the agreement forward. State Sen. Debra Bowen, a Redondo Beach Democrat and chairwoman of the Senate energy committee, said there are so many "Plan B's" floating around the Legislature that, "We're going to need to hire an apiculturist." Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for the governor, said the Davis administration is still dedicated to seeing legislation to enact the memorandum of understanding move through the Legislature, but said separating the utility's "core and non-core" customers would be at the forefront of new discussions. It was too early to say whether the governor would support the plan, he said. Dominic DiMare, a lobbyist with the California Chamber of Commerce, said the chamber has told the Davis administration that shifting the burden of the Southern California Edison bailout to businesses is "a very bad idea" that could cost the state billions of dollars in economic activity. "This [plan] would really screw businesses," Mr. DiMare said. "We just got hit with a 50 to 90% rate increase. We're dangerously close to losing our businesses to other states." Write to Jason Leopold at jason.leopold@dowjones.com Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
 Mike Kahn: 415.986.2800.  ext. 205.    Let me know how it goes.  Best, Jeff   P.S.  And I mean this in all seriousness.....  Many months ago, you were sitting in our small conference room and said, "The Governor needs to take control and initiate a negotiation, or summit."  Looks like he finally figured it out. 
 I'll forward the piece to Brulte via email and offer to meet with him when I'm in Sacramento on Monday, or have a phone call with him before Monday to discuss the proposal further if he would like.  Best, Jeff    Rosalee Fleming/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 06:07 PM 
 Greetings Senator:  I'm informed that Mr. Lay is currently out of the country and that your message has been forwarded to him.  In the meantime, I am attaching a document that Ken Lay distributed to business leaders at meetings in Silicon Valley and Los Angeles about 2 weeks ago.  It is the document referenced in the Dow Jones wire story and does include the Company's view that a core/noncore market structure is the right answer for California (though the document has not been shared with Speaker Hertzberg).  Mr. Lay discussed the core/noncore proposal extensively during his trip to Sacramento several weeks ago when, as you recall, he visited Sacramento and met with a variety of legislators from both sides of the aisle to discuss solutions to California's electricity crisis.  But unlike the Speaker's core/noncore proposal that I read about in today's San Francisco Chronicle, Enron's the proposal does not shift all of Edison's past due amounts from small consumers to California businesses. The Company believes that all customers should be responsible for the costs that have been incurred on their behalf.  I will be in Sacramento on Monday, June 4th and would like to discuss our proposal with you further if you would find it useful and if your schedule permits.  I'm also available to discuss the proposal further by phone if you would like to talk before Monday.  If there's anything else I can do, or if you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822.  Best, Jeff Dasovich 
 I think you're dead on.    Karen Denne 05/31/2001 08:01 PM 
 Not at all.  Should I talk to Jason on background and set him straight? 
 Municipal utilities lambaste Davis threat to seize power David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer Friday, June 1, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/06/01/MN17670.DTL California municipal utilities reacted with shock and anger yesterday to Gov. Gray Davis' threat to seize their excess power if they did not slash prices to below-market rates. "I feel totally betrayed," said George Fraser, general manager of the Northern California Power Agency, an association of 14 municipal utilities. "It's clear to me that the governor doesn't understand the power business." This new dimension to the state's energy woes came as authorities issued their first one-hour warning of imminent blackouts in the Bay Area, only to cancel the warning an hour later when additional power supplies were found. Davis told The Chronicle in an interview Wednesday that some city-owned municipal utilities had charged even higher electricity prices than the out-of- state generators he has accused of gouging California consumers. He said he was prepared to use his executive authority "to get that power one way or another" if the utilities did not lower their prices. The state so far has spent more than $8 billion buying electricity on behalf of cash- strapped Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison. "What the governor said makes no sense whatsoever," said Jerry Jordan, executive director of the California Municipal Utilities Association. "He was definitely off-base." Jordan said most municipal utilities already provided all surplus power to California's electricity market. However, he said, the municipals buy power at market rates to meet their own shortfalls, and thus have a responsibility to their customers -- local city residents -- to sell any excess supplies at the same sky-high price levels. "Our utilities are going to do what they can to help the state of California," Jordan said. "But they aren't going to do that at the expense of customers." Davis' threat followed a meeting last week with the heads of about a dozen municipal utilities. Participants said the tone of the discussion was generally cordial, and it was understood the governor's office would work up a plan for future electricity purchases. Davis' threat came out of the blue, they said. "We're willing to sell our excess power," said John Roukema, assistant director of Silicon Valley Power in Santa Clara. "But we have to deal with the same market conditions that the governor does." Davis doesn't see it that way. He believes that many municipal utilities are exploiting California's power shortage in the same way that out-of-state generators are walking off with billions of dollars in windfall profits. The governor's top energy adviser, S. David Freeman, said in an interview yesterday that Davis' threat to seize the municipals' power was intended as a reminder that the state expected prompt action on the issue. "We want to be sure that the municipals are not just talking the talk but doing what they say," Freeman said. He said municipal utilities should be selling surplus power at the same level it cost to generate electricity, plus a reasonable markup of about 15 percent. Freeman finds himself in a somewhat awkward position on the matter. Before signing on with the Davis administration, he was head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, by far the state's largest municipal utility. The Los Angeles department has been accused by both federal and state officials of charging some of the highest prices of all for electricity. Earlier this year, it was asking as much as $1,400 per megawatt hour for its output. Frank Salas, the department's chief operating officer, said such prices were necessitated by high production expenses. "We were just recovering our costs," he said. For his part, Freeman insisted that no such pricing had occurred on his watch. "There was tremendous pressure on me to charge more," he said of urgings from Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan and other local officials for higher profits, demands that Freeman said he had resisted. "That pressure may have increased now that I'm gone," he said. "I don't know what they're doing now." The Department of Water and Power's Salas countered that Freeman should know exactly what his former colleagues were doing. "We have the same pricing structure now that we had when he was boss," he said. Fraser at the Northern California Power Agency said it was strange that Davis would be so aggressive in his dealings with the municipals, which provide only about 15 percent of the state's power needs. "He's kicking the little guy," he said. "He's picking on us because he can." E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. 
 I've had several phone calls with large customer groups over the past 24-hours, mostly explaining our noncore/core proposal (in contrast to the one that the Assembly Democrats have launched which would saddle business with 100% of the utilities' past debts).  As folks know, the cost shift provision of the Dems plans have been erroneously attributed to us in some cases.  The business folks have been very appreciative of the discussions and have recognized that, generally, our proposal is a fair and reasonable one.  They are going to try to set up direct negotiations with Hertzberg and have requested that I be part of those negotiations.  They are not sure that Hertzberg will go along with the idea, but they're going to try.  They will get back to me when they find out.  I'll report back soon as I hear something. 
 Carolyn Kepplinger (sp?) is calling me---no doubt to talk about core/noncore.  Her number's 202.383.2119.  You want to take it? (I hope you say yes.)  Best, Jeff 
 works for me, though i have to hop at 2 pm for another call.  Best, Jeff    Sandra McCubbin 06/01/2001 12:28 PM 
 Dude: No problem.  Sean paid me for his and Molly's dinner and Eldon and Nancy will pay me for theirs.  No problem on the toast--I'm sure the favor will be repaid many times over.  Rite Spot is always great.  I actually got to bed by 11:30, so I was OK yesterday.  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 05/31/2001 01:42 PM 
 Talked to Prentice.  She's up for golf, so expect us Saturday night.  Best, Jeff  P.S. Don't forget to water! 
 House power subcommittee. 
 The original proposed messages I distributed for the high tech sector have been put into a power point presentation and include comments received. Many thanks to Margaret Carson, who did much of the heavy lifting.   Additional comments are welcome and suggestions on how to spice up the korny title slide are greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 you're a regulatory laugh riot.  see you then.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 06/01/2001 12:57 PM 
 see yesterday's and today's chronicle  re: price gouging by in-state, municipally-owned utility generators.  will be interesting to see if any anti-trust claims start flying their way.  see you this weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll try to remember my check book....    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 06/01/2001 01:01 PM 
 I'm trying.  I've got cauliflower ear from all the phone calls.  I'll be in Sacramento Monday.  Will keep you apprised.  I followed up with a call to Brulte and I'll try to meet with him on Monday, too.  Best, Jeff    Karen Denne 06/01/2001 01:01 PM 
 12:30 works for me.  2-330 does not.    Joseph Alamo 06/01/2001 01:32 PM 
 sounds great.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 06/01/2001 01:27 PM 
 Looks great.  I'd like to be able to pick it up at 7 AM.  Thanks very much for the assistance.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Alamo 06/01/2001 12:59 PM 
 I recommend that you wait.  I've got a Brazil-focused commercial contact internally that I would like for you to meet with first.  Best, Jeff 
 Got bounced back the first time. 
 will miss you.  hope you have a good trip.  as it turns out, i'm in sacramento all week in close door negotiations trying to settle california's electricity mess.  keep your fingers and toes crossed!  best, jeff 
 i'm very willing, but if it has to be done this week, it ain't going to happen----traveling, hair on fire, etc.  let me know.  hey, did you change jobs?  if so, congratulations.  nice title.  best, Jeff    Joseph Tambornino <josephtambornino@yahoo.com> 06/04/2001 06:52 PM Please respond to josepht 
 Thanks.  I have a contact.  When can you be in Sao Paolo next?  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  I am completely buried.  This is is blown.  I'll be in town tonite and= =20 tomorrow nite and we can discuss more then if you like.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, but ain't gonna happen this week.  We'll have to wait till he gets back.  Best, Jeff    Rob Bradley 06/04/2001 08:02 AM 
 I'll need clubs, and I'm right handed. Thanks so much.  Best, Jeff    Ginger Dernehl 06/06/2001 09:49 AM 
 And a very good morning to you!    Maureen McVicker 06/06/2001 09:04 AM 
 Haven't checked my calendar, but I plan to come.  Been WAY too long.  Best, Jeff    Kari Ontko <kontko@home.com> 06/03/2001 05:28 PM Please respond to kontko 
 This got bounced back, too. 
 Hi Lee: Do you know what the subject of the proceeding is?  I'm traveling, but will try to get you info.  Best, Jeff    Lee Huber 06/05/2001 09:34 AM 
 sounds good. let's catch up tomorrow nite.  Best, Jeff    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 06/06/2001 12:14 PM 
 congratulations on the promotion.  let me know what i can do if the effort's still underway next week.  Best, Jeff    Joseph Tambornino <josephtambornino@yahoo.com> 06/06/2001 12:06 PM Please respond to josepht 
 sounds good.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 06/06/2001 12:43 PM 
 Lee: Check the PUC website for information---it sounds like the PUC's inquiry into the adequacy of SoCal's insfrastructure, i.e., in state transportation. Should be a lot about it on their website (www.cpuc.ca.gov).  If you come up empty, leave me a voicemail (415.782.7822) and I'll track things down.  Best, Jeff    Lee Huber 06/06/2001 11:11 AM 
 We're on at 9:30 AM California time.  I'll call you early in the AM to confirm, coordinate, ruminate, etc.  Best, Jeff 
 Christine:  Sorry I haven't replied sooner.  Crazy day.  Consider yourself the 5th member of our team---but remember, no warranties included.  Best, Jeff 
 There you go again, always demanding substance.  I'll fill you in tomorrow on why it's so high level (and repetitive). Believe it or not, Larry Ellison (CEO Oracle) and Scott McNealy (CEO Sun) is the audience--neither's real up to speed on the industry.  PS How's the cover memo for the strategy coming?  Best, Jeff 
 The meeting between Skilling & the Governor went well.  He's intrigued about the notion of doing an auction for power over the internet.  Governor and his folks are going to do some internal work this week and there's going to be another call next Monday.  Will fill you in as things progress.  Thanks again for the pricing sheet.  Please keep all of this highly confidential.  Best, Jeff 
 As my mother likes to say, "You should be on the stage....  the one that left an hour ago." 
 I was worried about this.  Sent it Monday night.  Kept getting bounced back. Could you page me at 888.916.7184 and let me know that you get it?  I'm in Portland.  Also, got Ginger's message re: paragraph on TW deal.  Steffes said you didnt' need right away because EBR got cancelled.  When do you need and do you want just background, or valuation calculations, too? Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Will you send a note to folks regarding the GA meeting here in SF next Thursday? 
 Will do.    Richard Shapiro 10/04/2000 08:58 AM 
 I like the idea.  Particularly in view of the "California Crisis."  Makes our positions that much more compelling and offers at least part of the "solution" for California.    Robert Frank 10/03/2000 01:01 PM 
 Attached are the high tech slides with the correct figure for dollars that the high tech sector spent on electricity in 1999. 
 I'm sure that you'll have a great time arguing our case before the court.  If there's anything I can do to help, just let me know.  P.S.  How's things?    Marcie Milner 10/03/2000 11:59 AM 
 Our meetings will be much more effective you attend.  We should try to talk tomorrow or Friday.    Robert Frank 10/04/2000 09:37 AM 
 Good questions for which I don't currently have answers.    James D Steffes 10/03/2000 10:17 AM 
 If it's truly the real thing.  I'll take two cases.  Thanks for asking.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/04/2000 11:49 AM 
 I think Dennis, Shawne and I were supposed to work more on #2, but since I can't recall, I'm sending to all.  First, I apologize.  I tried to work directly with the excellent spreadsheet Carolyn put together, but I kept fumbling, butchering, etc.  So I canibalized her great stuff and created a new spreadsheet, attempting to incorporate the "clarifications" (yeah, right) that Prof McCullough distributed via email, and the stuff we talked about during break (i.e., timing of cash flows).  The answers are at the bottom of the work sheet.  And I've also included the report (though I did not peruse it for errors, relevancy, etc.).  My  biggest concern is question 6.  My answer (despite some outliers) sez that there ain't no loan in June.  (This may mean my spreadsheet's got a fatal flaw--significant probability.)  Finally, doing a series of 1,000 trials resulted in some considerable variability across runs--again, could be due to screw up on my part--so the answers I generatd comes from a run of 5,000 trials.  (If you run the sheet, beware, 5,000 takes some time, unless you've got DSL or something.)  Let me know if this is completely out to lunch, or if you're coming up with something remotely similar.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Let me know when you would like to discuss the "value" that GA brought to our pipeline group. (We discussed it when I was in Houston week before last.)  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Sarah.  Question:  Could we, and should we, attempt to pre-empt the FERC report and try to get press coverage of the BP paper before FERC releases the results of its investigation?    Sarah Novosel 10/04/2000 11:58 AM 
 real meaning real acacia.  don't care about labeling.  what would you compare to in quality?  seems to me that one can't beat $5/bottle for acacia, non? what cheese?  man, you saw a great game.  i was portland for the past couple days, saw some of the game yesterday at the airport (plane was delayed).  GO GIANTS!    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/05/2000 10:31 AM 
 Tim:  I've worked hard with these guys to try to make this conference the best that it could be, but it ain't quite there.  So I'd rather keep our powder dry and use Skilling at another time.  Not top-shelf enough in my view.  If you want to discuss further let me know.  Also, one question:  Is the BEEP stack the constrained supply curve post-adjustment bids?  I have that right? 
 If you have any questions, don't hesitate. 
 Hey, no problem.  I'll call Badeer.    Tim Belden@ECT 10/05/2000 01:02 PM 
 Steve:  Let me know if you'd like to discuss.  I like Tim's idea re: maybe you should take the slot.   But in my view definitely not Skilling.  I think you saw my thoughts about this conference in a previous email exchange with Schroeder re: Littlechild.  Also, they're breaking my arms and legs about sponsoring ($3-5K range).  I had a thought that maybe EBS could stream the conference as an in-kind contribution---the PR that EBS gets out of streaming might outweigh the cost of providing gratis.  I had only raised it as a thought, though, and am surprised to see it turn up in print.  Tim and I had both had Lee as a professor and I've been talking him about this conference alot and have no problem delivering whatever the news is.  In fact, I had already told them that they shouldn't count on us for this one but that we're always interested in working together.  Best, Jeff    Tim Belden@ECT 10/05/2000 01:00 PM 
 Between you and me, I don't think California is an option at this point. 
 Mr. DeMille would like to know if you're ready for your close-up.    Susan Scott 10/05/2000 01:50 PM 
 Couple of thoughts:  In light of all the events that have transpired yesterday and today, seems that the IOUs have decided to up the ante considerably (likely in response to a pounding they're taking from Wall Street). This will likely increase the pressure for Davis to act sooner rather than later, at least w.r.t. finding a way out of the IOU undercollection problem.   The increased pressure to act in turn increases the likelihood that a bad solution will emerge.   Regarding the call on Monday with Davis, the added heat being applied might argue for coming up with a simple, concrete proposal that we can hand to Davis and that he can implement immediately to get the IOUs off his back and avoid having the adminstration cook up something less preferable. 
 I doubt that anyone in accounting has it, and I'm not sure to whom in accounting to send it.  Suggestions?  I think that Bowen & Co. could likely help us out on this first filing.  Also, Sue, regarding NY:  I have a call into Bowen but when I called they sounded pretty tied up.  Haven't heard back yet.    Sue Nord 10/05/2000 02:08 PM 
 FYI.  According to Roger, if the freeze is extended out toward 2004 for PG&E and Edison, his book makes BIG money. 
 FYI.  Rebecca got back in touch wanting to talk about the history of dereg in California.  Been trading messages.  When she gets back to me with what she wants to discuss, I'll check back in before having the conversation. Question:  What about giving her a copy of our high tech slides with the intent of getting her to do a story on it?  She might be a good "carrier." Thoughts?  One story has already hit the SJ Mercury News.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the next version of the slides.  Few points:  There are a few holes (pre-quals and process in particular)--my brain began to fail.  But I think there's enough of a structure so that we can easily finalize by tomorrow. I didn't have an electronic version of Whaley's slides, so I couldn't integrate them.  But I don't think it will take much to do the integration. Some of Whaley's slides have a strong marketing slant--we should think hard about whether we include them lest we lose our mantle of objectivity. We still have some wordsmithing to do re: participate, run the auction, or participate and run the auction.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I love you, too.   Seriously, appreciate the feedback.  I was working from a great first cut.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/05/2000 08:02 PM 
 no classes.  just lots of studying.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/05/2000 08:13 PM 
 Agree completely.  Notion I had was that we give Rebecca the slides, tell her the story on background, then she trots off to interview McNeally, Ellison, etc.  Just a thought.  Might be easier, faster channel that achieves the quick action/message we're looking for.    James D Steffes 10/05/2000 08:30 PM 
 Anyone out there know why FERC has asked the PX for still more data? 
 Richard:  Looks good.  One comment:  Under the section "Generating Documents:  Requests 12, 14 and 18,"  I would go with the "option 1" ending to the paragraph starting with "For Portland General..." and not the "alternate ending."  To further support this ending (and further bolster the point that PGE is pretty extraneous to the investigation), we may want to note that PGE currently has a request in to the OPUC asking for about $135 MM to cover the costs of increased wholesale purchases.  Paul Kaufman would have details of the request.  Hope your son's doing well.  Best, Jeff    Richard B Sanders@ECT 10/06/2000 09:16 AM 
 I can be on the call. 
 Mitch:  Paul Kaufman mentioned that you'd like to see the testimony that Steve Kean (at a congressional field hearing in San Diego) and I (at a FERC field hearing in San Diego) gave a few weeks ago.  Steve had prepared remarks. They are attached.  I did not have prepared remarks, but I've attached my talking points.  My talking points were not made public, however, so please keep them private.  Finally, I'm trying to get a transcript of the FERC hearing.  If you would like a copy, please let me know.  And if there's anything else that I can do, please don't hestitate to contact me.  Best, Jeff 
 BEEP stack is the supply curve for real-time energy that the ISO develops on the basis of bids and offers.  The problem is that the plants the ISO ultimately dispatches from the stack often conflict with the merit order developed from the bids/offers, and the ISO has never been clear about the decision metrics it uses to determine ultimate dispatch.  Everyone, including Belden, thinks it can and ought to be a helluvalot more transparent. 
 does tomorrow work? 
 Yes, will be on call. 
 I apologize for being tardy.  I can have my IRS to you by Monday. 
 Hi Delaney:  I won't need a room.  Did you want me to participate on a panel?  If so, which day and at what time?  Who else will be on the panel?  Inquiring minds would love to know.  Best, Jeff      "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@smithandkempton.com> 10/05/2000 07:01 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 Susan Scott is a senior attorney with the pipeline group (TW).  I met her as part of the California PUC's gas restructuring case.  For some time she's been inquiring about Government Affairs.  She called me yesterday and mentioned that she's very  interested in exploring if there are any opportunities in GA.  From my experience, Susan is highly competent and very professional and I think TW would say the same.  She likes her work but wants a new challenge.  I told her I'd inquire about whether someone would be interested in talking with her. I think that it would be useful for you to chat with her.  Thoughts?  Susan would like to keep it confidential at this point. 
 I don't think that the stranded cost issue has been squarely addressed. 
 Has Sue gotten in touch with you.  And have you contacted Tim Belden in Portland?  He is the absolute guru on this stuff. 
 Lee:  I'm not certain that it will be possible to get Skilling, but I'll get back to you soon.  Also, I want to manage expectations a bit about the possibility of having Enron stream the conference.  Just don't want us to get ahead of ourselves.  I'd prefer that it not go out in any announcement at this juncture.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff    "Lee S. Friedman" <lfried@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 10/04/2000 05:52 PM 
 Couple of brief comments:  1) There is a new and growing drum beat to reduce California's wholesale price caps further (i.e., below $250, with some suggesting $100).  We need to discuss strategy very soon. 2)  I'm attempting to arrange a meeting between ENA (Calger) and Sempra (CFO) to discuss commercial opportunities. 
 FYI. Great news.  PUC "fixed" the language glitches in the original decision granting ETI its certificate and voted it out yesterday.  So we're good to go on filing our final tariff.  It's attached.  Please take a look and let's discuss ASAP (Monday?) so we can get if on file at the CPUC.  Best, Jeff 
 thursday or friday works best for me.     Scott Bolton @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 08/29/2000 10:19 AM 
 It was covered extensively in today's LA Times.    Michael McDonald@ECT 10/06/2000 01:14 PM 
 Will do.    Richard Shapiro 10/06/2000 02:26 PM 
 Chris:  Here are the slides with your suggested edits incorporated.  Take a look. Also, feel free to integrate the portions that you're working on ("deal bench," pre-quals, etc.) directly into the presentation, or I'd be happy to do it.  I'm at 415.782.7822.  I'm contacting Benevides about putting an illustrative slide together representing the base and peak blocks.  Best, Jeff 
 Prentice ever get back to you regarding logistics about tomorrow nite?  What time is dinner by the way. I'm supposed to do something from 3-4, but could come up directly thereafter. 
 Rebecca Smith called.  She wants to have coffee on Monday at 10 AM California.  Topics:  1) How California got here.  2) How California can get out of it.  Any chance of talking Monday AM prior to 10 AM California time?  I think I've got the messages pretty well down, but might be useful to touch base.  Let me know.  Hear's a message I'm practicing:  "Shapiro and Steffes went to FERC on Friday----problem solved."  Best, Jeff 
 Here's the article that I referred to.  Could you please email or fax to me the Commission's decision denying Edison's emergency motion?  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Al Gore 
 yes.    Michael McDonald@ECT 10/06/2000 03:28 PM 
 Well, wouldn't you know it.  I couldn't find the most recent version in my email.  But here's the 10.03 version with a few edits.  Couple of other points:  I still very much like the idea of taking the table out and includling as an attachment. I still think that the table doesn't explicitly address an option Rick may be thinking about "Maintain presence with fewer resources."  Think it's something we need to focus on.  Have a great weekend.  Spreadsheet to follow. 
 I confess that I haven't even looked at the bloody thing.  How many questions?  Should we divide them up and pass around as usual?    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 10/06/2000 01:24 PM 
 Heres' the spreadsheet.  I added "regulatory intelligence and expertise" right after the top 5.  Check it out.  Best, Jeff 
 thursday or friday works best for me, but i might be able to make wednesday, too. 
 Understanding there won't be a call on Monday, here's a draft of the auction slides that we've been working on for folks to review. 
 I'm slow, but I catch on eventually.  Steffes was fired up when he called. Sounds like the meeting went pretty well.  Have a good weekend.  Best, Jeff    Richard Shapiro 10/06/2000 10:25 PM 
 Haven't heard of them.  And I'm not aware of any new tariffs that offer those kinds of savings, but we'll check around. 
 Hello?  I guess everyone's wrapped up in the baseball playoffs and the debates.  There are 4 questions.  Since the SF people did 1&2 last time and the East Bay contingent did 3&4, seems we can switch this time.  SF takes 3&4; East Bay 1&2.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  I'm going to read the material and the case today.  Should we compare notes (via email) on questions 3&4 by tomorrow (Sunday) before lunch?  Let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 You're the man.  Thanks.  I'll coordinate with Kim and the new recruit.    JcjCal02@aol.com 10/07/2000 11:20 AM 
 I'll get you for this.    JcjCal02@aol.com 10/07/2000 12:11 PM 
 Here's a very rough shot at #'s 3&4.  I think 4's worded very strangely (thus my strange answer).  Anyway, thought I'd throw something together to get the ball rolling.  I'll keep thinking about and send another dispatch later today or first thing tomorrow morning.  Best, Jeff 
 Looks good, Kim.  Thanks. 
 sorry about that. meant to send to tracy (no "e") cooper in Portland, Oregon. 
 Agreed.  I'll handle it.  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 10/08/2000 05:54 PM 
 Looks good.  Thanks.  See you tomorrow.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  How's things?  Got your message.  Best place to get your hands on the report is the CalPX website.  If you have any problems, let me know. I'll try to write a note discussing our conversation on Friday by end of day.  Best, Jeff 
 Seems that we could provide Lay/Skilling with the power point slides as prep for any calls.  As a starter, it would be useful to provide McNeally with a letter that he could send to federal and state decision makers.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 10/06/2000 06:47 PM 
 Greetings: Any word about whether the PUC bought our proposal? Best, Jeff 
 Strange.  I think that I received an email from someone with the report attached.  Let me scour my emails.  If and when I find it, I'll forward. Disheartening that you can't find a document that's getting so much press. Great website...    Michael Etringer@ECT 10/09/2000 11:09 AM 
 Please let me know if you want me to participate in any gas panels.  And my feelings won't be hurt if you say no.  Worry not.  Just need to know so that I can prepare some materials.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's one that's "final," not draft, that just came out.  I'm assuming that this is the one the press is refering to.  Let me know that you think. 
 Gee, I don't know what came over me.  Apologies.    Richard B Sanders@ECT 10/09/2000 01:02 PM 
 Darlin', the last thing I want is to be rid of you. Get in touch when you can.  And next time you're in town, I'm buying.  Best, Jeff 
 Just spent about 90 minutes with Rebecca.  She left with a very good understanding of our view of the problem and the solutions.  She also spent time asking me how I thought other players would respond to the IOU request for a big check to cover the undercollections.  She expects to have a "big picture" story--covering AB 1890s past, present & future--completed in the next couple of weeks.  In Rebecca's words, she wants the story to "shake things up."  She's very upset with how the utilities are handling it.  I told her we were less concerned with "he said/she said" and more concerned with finding real short and long term solutions that are fair to everyone.  Mark and Karen:  In my long history with Rebecca, it has always been understood that our conversations are off the record and background. Invariably, at the end of the conversation, Rebecca tells me that she intends to call later and cajole the daylights out of me in an attempt to use some of my more colorful quotes.  It was no different this time.  If anyone wants more details, just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Jimmie's the "compiler" this time.  You're stuff was good.  Whether he has time to incorporate remains to be seen.  But I wouldn't sweat it.  We can talk more tonite about our somewhat "loose" but thus far effective means for getting these things done every week.  Best, Jeff    Christine Piesco <christine.piesco@oracle.com> 10/09/2000 12:45 PM 
 Here you go.  Who's Ugoretz?  Happy Yom.  Best, Jeff 
 Here's Paul's memo with Mona's edits and a couple of my edits.  It's been shipped off to Paul.  I assume he'll be sending it out tomorrow.  If there's any more questions, edits, comments, etc., please give Paul a buzz.  Best, Jeff 
 In the office all week. 
 got it. 
 They've asked me to be on a gas panel.  I've said yes, but hadn't planned at this point on attending any of the conference other than the panel. 
 Bowen called, and unless he has to schedule a call with a judge from Texas at the same time, we're on for 9:30 AM.  He'll call back if there's a problem. Also, he confirmed my recollection on the dedicated transport v. AFTS and also confirmed that we can change any names we want and that this is the best time to make sure what we file in good ol' CA is consistent with our other filings.  Best, Jeff 
 NARUC's meeting at ground-zero dereg (San Diego) in mid-November, right after the elections.  Might be a good opportunity for a PR event. 
 I can't place him either.    Susan J Mara@EES 10/09/2000 03:34 PM 
 FYI.  Here's what Dave pulled together on Friday.  I talked to him and told him I was going to make a single power point out of the info and then run it by him for review and comment. 
 Shoot.  Love to, but I have a final on Sunday--yes Sunday--the 10th.  Hey, thanks for hanging up on me on Friday. 
 Ms Bennett: Thanks for the voicemail.  Couldn't locate the files you sent in August (uemail now deletes automatically, which may be the problem).  Could you forward a copy to Mr Yang?  Most appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 I've got my car today.  If you need a ride---there, back, or both--just let me know. 
 Check it out. 
 Figures.  I'll see if I can find that needle in that haystack and get back to you. 
 Hi:  I was surprised to see you at the I-House last nite.  Haven't seen you for a while.  Was going to drop by and say hi and catch up but your table was extremely popular and I didn't want to intrude.  This is the first travel-free week I've had in a long time.  You want to try to have lunch?  Or we could meet at a non-I-House place during the break and catch up if you like.  Dying to hear about Montana and your possible new life as a day student.  Did you manage to get away last Thursday?  Best, Jeff 
 Harry:  FYI.  First meeting to discuss how to dole out the $50 MM created by AB 970 is 10.7.  Someone I've worked with on DG-type deals in the past from EES is going to attend the meeting (Brian Smith from the Costa Mesa office). Bob Frank and I had a conference call with him this morning.  URL for the event is included below.  Best, Jeff  http://www.energy.ca.gov/efficiency/ab970/notices/2000-09-29_notice.html    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/10/2000 10:41 AM 
 Mike:  We'd talked about getting together to discuss the bills for the case.  We'd originally agreed to a flat fee of $13, 500 (if memory serves) with a bonus for coming in under the cap.  You've sent me bills (as of August 17 according to my records) for over $25,000.  As you recall, we had a very lengthy discussion regarding the magnitude of the work associated with the hearings and associated briefs.  I stressed that $13.5 was what I'd spend and that we'd have to do the best we could within that constraint, which is why I pressed for a flat fee arrangement at the outset.  With that in mind, I believe that it's important to honor the arrangement.  However, in light of the particular circumstances in this case, I'm willing to exceed the previous arrangement for a total of $15,000, but can't go above that.  If you'd like to discuss it further, I'd be happy to talk about it.  Let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Off what hook?    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/10/2000 11:04 AM 
 Thursday, 9.7, works for me for meeting #1. 
 Seems like information that we'd want to get our hands on, non? 
 aye aye    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/10/2000 11:42 AM 
 EBS Update Gov Davis/Skilling Update Meeting w/Sempra Coffee with Rebecca Smith QF support for ENA Miscellaneous    Joseph Alamo 10/10/2000 12:37 PM 
 Are folks available for a call tomorrow at 9 AM to begin preparing for the meeting with Sempra next week? 
 Based on last nite's discussion, here's the coordinator list:  Christine--11.6--Teltronica Dylan--11.13--Nutra Kim--11.1--Agro Feed Jeff--11.27--Global Industries Jimmie--12.4--Daimler-Benz  We also decided that: 1) we'd continue with the SF/East Bay split 2) each group should combine the answers into one document prior to sending to the coordinator for final compilation 3) we'd distribute draft answers to the entire group, since some questions feed off of others 4) we'd get finalized responses to the coordinator no later than 4 PM on Sunday  Let me know if this tracks with others' memories.  Best, Jeff    Christine Piesco <christine.piesco@oracle.com> 10/09/2000 01:49 PM 
 SF 
 Given that Peace is likely going to try to push legislation to merge the ISO and PX and other nasty things, likely makes sense to listen in on our message development, tactics in addressing the LMP problem.  You think there'd be any problem with that?  If not, could you pass along the call in number?  Thanks, Jeff 
 love one.  thanks. 
 good job.    Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 10/10/2000 03:30 PM 
 Thanks, I'll set up a call. 
 We talked about this in detail with Steve when he was in Houston. Please check with him.  The idea is that there would be the flexibility necessary to do just about anything.  Also, there are problems with the decision that Steve was going to talk with Pulsifer about.  Need to get status of those conversations.My understanding was that, if there's a problem with the decision, perhaps our filing would be pushed a bit past the Tuesday.  We'll need to find that out, too. 
 thanks.  i'll set up the call. 
 where are you?  my phone's been on since you paged me.  i didn't get any tickets.  i love you oodles.  (you slobbery ol' sniffly day student doggie.)    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 10/10/2000 03:51 PM 
 Thank you, Marcia.    Marcia A Linton 10/10/2000 02:57 PM 
 Hi.  Please set up a call for 60 minutes for tomorrow, 10.11.00 for 11 AM CALIFORNIA time and distribute info to the list of folks below.  Thank you very much. 
 Well, it's upon us again and that means X-Mas party.  Joseph and I have begun (barely) to plan for this year's festivities.  But before we get to far along, tried and true democratic (small "d") principles call for a wee bit of polling.  Because we're already in the middle of October we need your responses pronto.  If we don't receive your responses by COB Thursday, then democracy's out the window, and good ol' dictatorship takes over.  Of course, it will be difficult to grant everyone's wishes, but all suggestions will be given great (and equal) weight.  Here are the questions:  Would you prefer just dinner, or dinner plus an activity?  Joseph and I are leaning toward dinner and an activity, but wanted to hear from other folks.  If yes, Joseph has come up with a couple of very fun ideas for an activity but suggestions are greatly encouraged and welcome.  Same goes for a restaurant (understanding that the choice of activity may influence where we eat).  Sue has put in her vote for Fleur de Lys.  Should we try to organize the event with the rest of the SF office (i.e., EES and ENA) or confine it to GA? Should we expand to include Western GA or keep it to SFGA? We choose for dates the 7th or 8th or 14th or 15th of December.  What's your preference.  Is there a day that just won't work?  Joseph, if I've missed anything, please tack on.  Best, Jeff 
 test 
 Please send responses to both me and Joseph.  Thank you.    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 10/10/2000 04:37 PM 
 Attached is a "plant siting" slide for the next Skilling/Davis meeting.  I developed it from background materials that Dave Parquet pulled together. This version includes Daves' comments.  His comments are in CAPS.  Best, Jeff 
 Now I understand why you were talking to Rubin and Summers.  Sounds like an outstanding hire.  Congratulations.  Exciting changes for exciting times. 
 Greetings:  Due to scheduling conflicts and in the attempt not to waste anyone's time, we'll try to conduct some preliminary due diligence via email, voicemail, etc.  I've asked GP to get us their audited financial statements for purposes of credit check.  Here is some additional information about the project.  If any questions come to mind based on this info, please let me know and we can forward along to GP for answers.  At this point we have tentatively scheduled a meeting with GP's CEO in the S.F. office for Tuesday, June 27th at 10 AM (PDT).  A Little Background: Plan to construct an undersea fiber optic (24 fiber) cable linking several of California's major coastal cities (San Diego, L.A., Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, Monterey, S.F.). Will use a "festooned" arrangement (i.e., exit sea at each city point).  Total undersea length is ~900 km. At each coastal city, they'll have a POP to connect to PSTN. At San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and Manhattan Beach, they will deploy two, separate diverse cable routes from sea to POP. Will deploy DWDM. Plan includes eventual connections to existing and planned trans-Pacific systems. In addition to "loops" created in SLO, SB and Manhattan Beach, plan includes a terrestial leg from S.F. to Monterey to create a land/sea loop between SF and Monterey. Total terrestial piece is ~400 km (which includes S.F. to Monterey terrestial leg). Eventually, they'd like to secure terrestial leg from Monterey to San Diego to create a complete loop. Has received environmental permit from State Lands Commission; CLEC certification from California PUC; and is awaiting environmental permit from Coastal Commission. Expect to have southern portion of system (San Diego to San Luis Obispo) built and lit by end of Q1 2001. Northern piece likely to take longer due to complications associated with federal wildlife preserve off of Monterey.  May end up bypassing Monterey altogether. The people behind the build are techno-philes; they admit to being "clueless" when it comes to marketing the capacity. Due to Tyco's perceived lack of performance, Tyco is out and Alcatel is in (per Ethan's emails). They are distressed.  Deutschbank has $8MM in the deal and is pushing on them. Willing to part with dark fiber for a deep discount.  Best, Jeff 
 position on what? 
 Congratulations one and all.  Very exciting, and well deserved to boot.  Look forward to working with you in your new roles.  Best, Jeff 
 As a follow-up to our call.  Here is some additional information regarding QF pricing issues.  QFs who voluntarily switched to PX pricing have been getting paid full PX prices (and there seem to be a couple of thousand MWs that have switched. The concern is that the Commission's ultimate decision on PX-based QF prices will force the QFs that have switched to "refund" some of the payments they've received (e.g., under a "PX minus" mechanism).  The majority of QFs are happy with the judge's proposed decision pending before the PUC (except those remotely located QFs who will take a big GMM hit). As we discussed, the Commission strongly rejected Edison's emergency motion regarding the gas piece of the QF pricing formula. Recall also that a couple of months ago 
 I accidentally sent it before it was complete.  Full note to follow. 
 plz call 415.782.7822.  jeff  (how's gracie?) 
 OK, given the Enron Xmas party in Houston, and Sue's request that weekends be included in the ballot, please repond to the dates listed below.  Please give 1) your top 3 preferences, and 2) any days for which you have a (true) conflict.  Thanks.  Also, unless I hear otherwise, we'll assume that partners and children come included.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff  Nov. 30, Dec. 1, Dec. 2 Dec. 14th, 15th, 16th    Susan J Mara@EES 10/11/2000 11:51 AM 
 Bill Reed Sempra's "Chief Regulatory Officer" will replace Gary Cotton on the ISO Board. 
 Wednesday, Dec. 13th would work best for me. 
 FYI.  Recently, Chris Calger has asked me to set up a meeting with Sempra. ENA's seeking deals with the two big CA gas IOUs (PG&E and SoCalGas) that would give ENA access to their assets.  In short, ENA wants to offer a complete outsource deal for the IOUs' core gas load (i.e., rez and small commercial customers).  ENA would take responsibility for providing service for delivery at the city gate and in return would manage all of core's assets (upstream of the city gate).  We're meeting with Sempra's "Chief Regulatory Office" (Bill Reed) and Sempra's CFO next Thursday to discuss.  Given the fact that Sempra's primarily focused on electricity, the plan is to lead off the meeting with a couple of electricity solutions as a bridge to the gas offer.  For electricity, the plan has two pieces:  1) a commodity offer that beats the 6.5 cent cap (i.e., nothing fancy) and 2) "Deal Bench" services with the intent of establishing a procurement mechanism for SDG&E that the California PUC could pre-approve (thereby eliminating some of the immense regulatory risk SDG&E now faces).  Wanted to run this by folks to gauge reactions.  We'll distribute the slides we're putting together as soon as they're drafted--hopefully by COB Friday.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey Tim:  Calger asked me recently to set up a meeting with Sempra to try to do a gas outsource deal.  We're meeting with the CFO and their Chief Reg Officer next Thursday.  On a call today, we thought--for a variety of reasons--that we ought to throw an electric commodity deal at them, too, while we're there. Laird Dyer's going to call you for indicative prices (same drill we did for Skilling).  If you have any questions, or want me to fill you in more, just give a holler, or check in with Chris.  Best, Jeff 
 plz call asap re: mary hain.  thanks, jeff  415.782.7822 
 Steve:  Here's a word version of the MSA.  Sorry for the delay.  Could you make changes in strike-out-underline format and email back to me when you're done?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Could be me, but that doesn't look like your email address.  You get this email from Jeremy (good guy who works with Steve)? 
 Just following up to make sure that accounting knows that ETI's quarterly fee statement needs to be turned in by the 15th.  Best, Jeff 
 Vail???  Flagstaff??? Man, I'm in the wrong business.  Now listen Stumpy, if you think you're going to Vail so some half-#%$#ed customer can run over your OTHER knee with a snow mobile, right before your wedding, well think again, buster.  I'll see if we can set up a meeting on Thursday the 2nd.  Signed, Stuck in Lodi Again    Jeffery Fawcett 10/11/2000 03:39 PM 
 Roger.  Mums the word on the gov.    Steven J Kean 10/11/2000 03:03 PM 
 Jim:  You available to talk at 9:30 Houston time re: how to stop the next attempt at the ISO board to lower the price caps further?  If not, are you available at about 3 PM houston time to discuss same?  Thanks. 
 Hi.  Hope the ride back to Sacramento went OK last nite.  It was nice to see you and catch up. I'm sorry things are so crazy, but in spite of it all, your attitude's pretty good.  And your new suede jacket is gorgeous.  I know your life is very complicated and I don't want to make it worse, but if you ever have the time and inclination to go to lunch, dinner, movie, whatever, I'd definitely be up for it.  Hang in there.  Hope to catch up again soon.  Best, Jeff 
 I can help, but what's your timing? 
 Jim has mentioned a meeting next week with all of us to talk about strategy, etc. over the next many months.  Might be a good opportunity to clarify how we coordinate on these matters.     "Mary Hain" <Mary.Hain@enron.com> on 08/30/2000 12:43:58 PM 
 FYI. 
 Good points.  Paul's traveling.  I think it would be a good idea to re-group on the QF issues in California because the terrain has changed considerably in CA.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 10/12/2000 08:58 AM 
 plz call re: contact w/pg&e 415.782.7822 
 hmm.  that makes it tougher.  it's crisis central today.  for quick answers try the ISO website (caiso.com).  i think you can find all that you need. if not get back to me.    Jeffery Fawcett 10/12/2000 10:56 AM 
 great.    <9069876@skytel.com> 10/12/2000 11:55 AM 
 No worries.  I'm not going anywhere.  Focus on you.  If you're body's reacting poorly, swift action is warranted.  If there's anything I can do to help, don't hesitate. Hang in there.  Best, Jeff    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 10/11/2000 11:03 PM 
 thanks.  i'll be here. 
 FYI.  Just got a call from Jan Smutney-Jones.  Apparently, word is on the street that Peace intends to begin targeting Enron as an example of the "misconduct" that Peace alleges has occured in California's markets.  Smutney thinks Peace may be keying off the comments of the "unnamed" trader in the Dow article claiming that Enron's been buying power and holding on to it. Apparently Peace's other angle is/will be:  "The same people who colluded in the design of this market are now colluding to profit unfairly from it."  No idea of when and how Peace might launch any attacks.  Two immediate thoughts:  Apart from the bad reporting in the Dow article, that article shows that Enron got beat by, among others, two federal (Canada and the US), one state (SRP) and one municipal (LADWP) government. David Freeman, who now heads up LADWP, was appointed "Czar" by the State of California and charged with the task of implementing Steve Peace's brain child (AB 1890).  Freeman set up the ISO and PX market structures.  He also set up the Governing Boards. 
 I love you, sweetie.  You didn't run out of gas did you? 
 I don't know.  did you get the "I love you" email that I sent today?    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 10/12/2000 01:12 PM 
 C1 was up 10 points today.  I figure that means you signed a deal with them yesterday.... 
 DJ PG&E Says Won't Try To Escape Rate Freeze For Now >PCG  Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones)--PG&E Corp. (PCG) won't try to lift California's state-mandated rate freeze before the end of the transition to a deregulated market, saying it wants to protect its customers from volatile power prices, senior company officials said Wednesday.  "We aren't moving at this time to end the rate freeze. But that view might change in the future," said a senior company official, who requested anonymity.  PG&E invited reporters to its headquarters Wednesday to discuss plans for repairing a "not workably competitive power market" and several steps the utility plans to file with federal regulators to do that.  One proposal that is expected to be filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is a return to cost-based rates, where the price for power would be predetermined based on generation costs. The company wants to temporarily put an end to market-based rates.  The utility will also request that California's independent system operator reduce the wholesale power price cap to $100 a megawatt-hour from $250/MWh.  Company officials said those steps would allow them to recover billions of dollars in unpaid power costs and would stabilize wholesale power prices and protect retail customers.  PG&E said generators would still be able to make a profit on power sold in California with the reduced cap, and the company doesn't believe the state's power supply would be in jeopardy from such an action.  -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; mailto:jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
 Sorry, copied distribution list off of Maureen's note from Friday saying no call with the governor and assumed that you two were on it. 
 cool.  sorry i couldn't be of more help.  it's meltdown in the land of fruits and nuts.    Susan Scott 10/12/2000 03:00 PM 
 FYI.  CPUC accept our deal on information related to the subpoena?  Best, Jeff 
 Chris:  Sorry for the bother, but edo you have a an electronic version of the Whaley slides?  If so could you email them to me.  Or, if you have hard copy, could you fax to me at 415.782.7854?  Thanks very much. 
 Good start.  Could you drop them into power point and forward along.  I'll try to add them to what I'm doing.  Thanks. 
 where are you?  415.782.7822. 
 call in at 415.782.7822. 
 C1 was up 10 points today.  I figure that means you signed a deal with them yesterday.... 
 ok. 
 It's literally next door to Woodward. 
 DJ PG&E Says Won't Try To Escape Rate Freeze For Now >PCG  Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones)--PG&E Corp. (PCG) won't try to lift California's state-mandated rate freeze before the end of the transition to a deregulated market, saying it wants to protect its customers from volatile power prices, senior company officials said Wednesday.  "We aren't moving at this time to end the rate freeze. But that view might change in the future," said a senior company official, who requested anonymity.  PG&E invited reporters to its headquarters Wednesday to discuss plans for repairing a "not workably competitive power market" and several steps the utility plans to file with federal regulators to do that.  One proposal that is expected to be filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is a return to cost-based rates, where the price for power would be predetermined based on generation costs. The company wants to temporarily put an end to market-based rates.  The utility will also request that California's independent system operator reduce the wholesale power price cap to $100 a megawatt-hour from $250/MWh.  Company officials said those steps would allow them to recover billions of dollars in unpaid power costs and would stabilize wholesale power prices and protect retail customers.  PG&E said generators would still be able to make a profit on power sold in California with the reduced cap, and the company doesn't believe the state's power supply would be in jeopardy from such an action.  -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; mailto:jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
 nope. 
 Hi Kim: Any luck withJackie re: getting together to start the project?  And if there's anything else I can do re: your meeting on Monday, don't hesitate.  Leave me a voicemail and let me know how the meeting goes.  I'll be in Vancouver with the EBS gang Monday/Tuesday, and if all goes well maybe I can chat up some folks while I'm there.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks.  I agree with the recommendation.    "Daniel Douglass" <douglass@ArterHadden.com> 10/12/2000 04:55 PM 
 Thanks for the info.  That guy was truly out of control at the S.D. hearings.  Glad to hear that his rotten bills aren't going anywhere.  Who's gonna win the election?  Hope you and your ankle are doing well.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings:  Well, there's a finance midterm coming up and some of us have discussed getting together the weekend before for a study session.  I just grabbed an old list from last year so apologies if I've included folks who ain't even in finance, or if I've left some folks off.  Sorry to those who received in error, and please forward to anyone else who might be interested.  Anyway, anyone interested?  Hope all is well with all.  Best, Jeff 
 Great idea.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/13/2000 07:19 AM 
 My understanding is that the cap is $2500, but that the PX has filed with FERC to change it ot $350.  My understanding is that FERC has not acted on the request to change it to $350, but I could be wrong.  Dave, Mary, is this your understanding?    Jeannie Mandelker@ECT 10/13/2000 08:03 AM 
 C1 was up 10 points today.  I figure that means you signed a deal with them yesterday.... 
 I think it would be a good idea to have Ron Carroll in Watkiss' shop to do a parallel analysis to what we're going to have Mike Day do.  Ron's very good and has done much work on these sortrs of issues.  You comfortable with that? 
 My pleasure.  By the way, we're not talking after what the NY baseball teams did to the poor Bay Area teams.  Best, Jeff    Jeannie Mandelker@ECT 10/13/2000 11:00 AM 
 I think it's fuzzy enough that two good lawyers could give two different views--wanted to ensure that all analytic bases are covered.  But I just talked to Mike and he and I think, at least preliminarily, that the PUC could do this absent legislation.  He's going to do the analysis.  Likely better to let Mike go ahead and do the analysis and if we want to get other opinions, we can make that decision at that time.  One last thought:  If the PUC could do it, that might be Davis' preference. That way, he and his people are in charge.  But it may be difficult (impossible) for the Legsilature to resist and Davis may not have the clout to get them to back off.    Steven J Kean 10/13/2000 11:06 AM 
 I've been asked for a copy of the transcript from the FERC hearing in S.D. Any chance of getting that?  And do you folks have a copy of the Peace letter (treatise) sent to FERC last week?  If so, could you fax it to 415.782.7854? Many thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks, Mary.  Did the PUC accept our deal re: information from the subpoena? 
 Monday/Tuesday--Vancouver, BC for EBS meeting Wed--In office Thurs--In office Friday--In office 
 Steve: I think I already forward these to you, but if not, they're the prices that Henderson came up with for fully shaped prices to the utilities.  May be useful re: conversations with the Street about getting the utilities out of procurement.  Note that the date on the prices is 10.02.00 so they're somewhat stale, but arguably still indicative.  I'm also going to give you the prices Belden just gave us (prior to the run up yesterday, though) for prices at SP15.  Best, Jeff 
 You're in.  Yes, I was thinking of offering up my office.  Also, what do you think about getting together real soon to start setting up the model for our finance paper?  We'll have to do the research, but I think setting the model up will be about 75% of the project.  Best, Jeff    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 10/13/2000 01:09 PM 
 Some documents that Bowen & Co. did on CLEC v. IXC that may still be pertinent. 
 i love you sweetie.  you know it, too.  it's that butterfly place we don't like cuz it's right next door. 
 retest 
 Here are the very indicative prices Tim gave us for 5 year deals at SP15. They'll likely  change by the time we meet with Sempra on Thursday.  25 MW, on peak (6X16):  $53/MWh 25 MW, base load (7X24):  $45/MWh 500 MW, on peak (6X16):  $55/MWh 500 MW, base load (7X24):  $47/MWh 
 My pleasure. 
 Beautiful.  Tuesday it is.  Have a great weekend.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 10/13/2000 02:03 PM 
 Thank you.  Looks like the gov's office would benefit from charm school.    Maureen McVicker 10/13/2000 02:34 PM 
 FYI. 
 thanks, jeremy.  my understanding is that it was sent in today.  i'm supposed to get a copy.  when i do, i'll forward along to you.    Jeremy Meier <jermeier@earthlink.net> 10/13/2000 02:41 PM 
 Got bounced back first time.  Trying again. 
 Prentice tell you we're coming up tonite?  Little spades is in order me thinks.  You? 
 They're still in the formative stage, and the title is korny, but wanted to get the ball rolling.  No pride of authorship.  Feel free to hack away.  Best, Jeff 
 we'll see you gets a whuppin'.  prentice before me.  me about 7:30.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/13/2000 05:12 PM 
 Sounds good.  Given that Sue is going to be back on Tuesday, you may want to coordinate drafting duties with her. 
 That's actually where it came from.  I pulled it from the articles being sent around.  This one was important enough that I wanted to get folks' attention.  have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff 
 drop prentice's car off at shop; go to dome    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/13/2000 05:20 PM 
 Attached for your review is a rough cut at slides we're preparing for the meeting with Sempra next Thursday.  Thoughts and comments are appreciated. Please disregard korny title. 
 Thanks.  Didn't get it the first time.  Good comments.  I'm actually in Vancouver today (Monday) and tomorrow.  Let's keep sending back and forth and get together Wednesday morning to finalize.  I'll get a hold of Calger for his comments.    You can leave messages on my voicemail, too.  Best, Jeff    Laird Dyer@ECT 10/16/2000 09:15 AM 
 Will do. Thanks. 
 Good morning professor: Unfortunately, I'm traveling on business today (it's raing in Vancouver) and can't attend class tonite.  I was wondering if you'd be distributing the take home midterm in this evening's class.  Also, could you resend the access code for the Craftmade case?  I believe that I copied it down incorrectly.  Thank you very much.  Best, Jeff 
 OK, lots of folks are interested.  Given that section is on Saturday, I propose 10 AM, this Sunday, at my office (101 California, Suite 1950).  If folks have a real problem with that, let me know.  Also, please RSVP so that I can arrange things with building security.  Best, Jeff    Jeff Dasovich 10/12/2000 08:46 PM 
 Thanks for the dinners, and the breakfast, and the company.  It was fun.  And don't get cranky, but I'm going to be in and out of things this weekend since I have midterms Monday and Tuesday.  Likely means that I'll be studying in Berkeley and SF during the days on Sat and Sun but will be present for the evenings.  H0pe that works.  Kisses, Jeff  PS I'm trying, lord knows I'm trying, to stay out of it, but it's going to start raining up at the Dome very, very soon....... 
 Thank you.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 10/16/2000 03:31 PM 
 In case word hasn't gotten around, ENA learned COB Friday, that it has been chosen to engage in further negotiations with the ISO for about 450 MWs of projects.  The preliminary award is based on ENA's response to the RFQ that the ISO issued last month for "emergency resources." 
 Howdy:  Just between thee and me, I think this note gets to some of the challenges we faced and discussed as part of our "group gropes" over the last several months.  With Sue coming back on Tuesday, and in the spirt of our gropes, it might be useful to discuss as a group prior to charging ahead.  May even result in the same outcome on how to proceed, but a little "process" on the front end may go a long way toward keeping things on an even keel.  Anywho, just my two cents.  Hope your meetings in Salem went well.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for the info.  Congratz on the deal. 
 FYI.    Tim Belden@ECT 10/17/2000 07:40 AM 
 You bet.    "Sama, Anil" <anil.sama@intel.com> 10/17/2000 11:49 AM 
 Yes, I was in Vancouver from last Sunday evening through late yesterday afternoon.  Thank you for checking.    Tresea Parker 10/17/2000 03:47 PM 
 Sure makes sense.  One concern.  If they buy up to 80% of load, do we run the risk of "stranded cost" problem later down the road when we hit the backwardated part of the curve.  Hinges on the term of the contract.  Sort of chicken and egg problem.  If the buy for short terms, the prices will be high, if they buy for longer terms, the prices will be lower, but the risk of stranded cost rises.  Thoughts?    Margaret Carson 10/18/2000 08:33 AM 
 I'm sorry.  Things are so busy that I grabbed an old list that I thought everyone was on.  You are most welcome indeed.  My office (101 Cal, Suite 1950, from 10 am to noon).   Best, Jeff    Carolyn Vavrek <cvavrek@deloitte.com> 10/18/2000 10:06 AM 
 Prentice get in touch?  We're coming on Saturday---i'll likely bet there around 4 or 5.  I'll bring the money then.  In the meantime, can I order a case of coast zin and one of cab for pick up and payment this weekend, too?  Your ol' boozer Jeff    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/18/2000 10:16 AM 
 macaroni and cheese will be fine.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/18/2000 12:07 PM 
 Thanks.  do i need to do anything with the form? 
 FYI. 
 You're a star. Thanks. 
 oops. sunday. 
 thanks a bunch.  just got it.  really appreciate it.  yes, thinking about going on saturday.  and we s.f. folks are getting together for (yet another) review on Sunday from 10 am to noon at my office.  you're welcome to come. 
 Well, you don't have voice mail yet I see.  Could you give me a call when you get a minute (I know that will be tough for the next couple of days) regarding Margo's voice mail to me.   I'd like to talk about one other item as well.  Thanks a bunch. 
 Great.  Thanks Seabron.    Mary Hain@ECT 10/18/2000 05:47 PM 
 Knew you'd be dying to know that Barry Staw will be teaching a class on "Creativity" in the Spring.  Be sure to reserve your place today!  Best, Jeff 
 I just figured it was a way for you to finally track him down---you know, show up at his class and get midevil on his ass for a few minutes....  That is a great solution!  You mean work part time, or go to school part time.  Very selfishly, I'm of course very glad that you're staying in the evening program.  We're actually getting together on Sunday (I hope I didn't mess things up).  Yes, it's for finance, though you're welcome to join---we can use all the help that we can get.  I'm really glad to hear that things are going better.  You seemed in pretty good spirits on Tuesday, though I guess that could have partially been due to the big celebration over getting your first ticket.  Congratulations!  I'll buy you a beer.  I have a feeling that the only reason you haven't gotten one until now is because you've managed to talk your way out of many.  Best, Jeff    Courtney Abernathy <courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com> 10/19/2000 09:11 AM 
 Dadburnit!  You're not going to believe this.  I'm going to be in---you guessed it---Houston.  Shewt.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/19/2000 09:50 AM 
 Oh shit.  we forgot to get our picks in. if you page me between 10:45 and 1 PM i can call you and we can figure them out.  xoxoxooxo    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/19/2000 09:50 AM 
 har-dee-har-har.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/19/2000 10:04 AM 
 FYI.  I didn't receive email yesterday, and I only started receiving them today at 11 AM.  Quesiton:  After Clinton's speech, don't you think the convention is going to cry when they have to sit through Al Gore?  I'm worried----he's so pathetic. 
 Greetings: Wow, lots of fun out there, eh?  Don't know what it will be like without Steve Peace around any more....  I have a very mundane question, though.  What prices for intrastate capacity did the PUC finally come up with in the Sempra BCAP for large generators under the new "Sempra-wide" rate doctrine?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 First apologies if you're getting this and you ain't even in finance---it's a study list from last year.  If it's annoying the heck out of you.  Write back and I'll try to modify the list.  Second, please forward to those you know I've missed.  Just to clarify.  Meet at my office on Sunday from 10 am to Noon.  Please bring specific questions.  We'll go round the room and let folks ask questions and the group will attempt to answer them.  Best Jeff    Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 10/16/2000 02:43 PM 
 Excellent.  We've been wondering why we've been excluded from the bob-zine= =20 mailing list. =20  Bob:  Nothing personal but I hope both NY teams lose in the world series.  Best, Jeff 
 Got it.  The sure-fire way to get me is at "jdasovic@enron.com."  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Mary: When Seab completes the draft of his reader-friendly exec summary, could you make sure that Karen gets a copy to review?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 good idea.  epsa, too?    Mary Hain@ECT 10/19/2000 03:19 PM 
 Ok.  Here it is.  Quick and dirty.  Make any changes you like.  You're right, if anyone's going to beat St. Louis, it's going to be KC, but I took St. Louis. 
 like, are you back? 
 Greetings Folks:  Any chance of finalizing the California tariff Monday morning (have a call, say, 7:30/8:00 AM PDT)?  Let me know.  Hope all's well with all.  Best, Jeff 
 Have there been any more reactions to the presentation that McCullough made at the "volatility conference" in Portland last week? 
 I have the distinct impression that you're glad this has been finalized.... 
 'Thanks a million.  Agree that humor is needed right now, though it's in short supply, so to speak.... 
 Thanks.  Remind me to tell you the story of the time that I was on a panel with him. Yours is the most succint description of him that I've heard to date.  Was curious whether his rant was getting any traction with people that matter.  Sounds like it isn't.    Tim Belden@ECT 10/19/2000 05:36 PM 
 yes.  be happy to talk tomorrow.  just give a holler when you've a minute. thanks. 
 welcome to the assylum, sue and mona.    Joseph Alamo 10/19/2000 06:11 PM 
 Thanks for taking care of it.  Love to room together.  See you Sunday.    Peter deVroede <devroede@haas.berkeley.edu> 10/19/2000 10:48 PM 
 Lara: I would very much like to attend but have a meeting scheduled that day with Chris Calger (ENA) and the CEO and CFO of Sempra Energy (we're trying to do a deal with them).   That's a date that I can't change.  I can meet on Nov. 3rd, or Nov. 7-9.  Hope it's possible to re-arrange  Best, Jeff    Lara Leibman 10/20/2000 07:41 AM 
 Thanks, Mark.  Sounds good.  As it turns out, there is a very slight chance that I might be on the panel in California with Prof. Littlechild.  I'll take you/him up on the offer to get together while he's here.  Best, Jeff    Mark Schroeder@ECT 10/20/2000 04:48 AM 
 Unfortunately, I have to get on a plane and go to LA around that time.  If it works better, we can discuss on Tueday morning/early afternoon.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Sue Nord 10/19/2000 10:30 PM 
 Thanks so much for the gifts.  Very sweet.  Sorry I was rushed, but I've got a big bad finance midterm on Tuesday that I ain't ready for and work's nuts. But I really want to hear more about the trip.  Sounds like it was a blast.  You looked lovely in the pictures, all dressed up a la l'Italienne, and you look lovely in your everyday sweatshirt and jeans, too.  (Don't sweat it.)  Prentice and I were planning on going to the Shea's tonite.  You guys going?  Also, I'd love to talk to you this weekend if possible about Prentice's bday festivities. 
 plz call asap when you get a break re: FERC order yesterday on California. 
 did i, or did i not, already give you mine.  signed, confused. 
 plz call at 415.782.7822. 
 Good idea.  Unfortunately, I'll be sitting in an office in S.D. with Sempra execs.  My apologies.  But since this is likely to be ongoing, preference would be to participate in the "first" meeting.    Lara Leibman 10/20/2000 11:14 AM 
 actually, i know it's from 10-2, but i don't know where.    "Chris Neale" <chrisjneale@hotmail.com> 10/20/2000 11:03 AM 
 You're a gem.  Thanks.    Lara Leibman 10/20/2000 11:46 AM 
 thanks a million. 
 Glad to see that you made it back to Portland.  Sorry about the mess. 
 FYI.  One of our potential competitors.  The VP of biz dev at perfect.com is a very good friend of mine.  Please forward to anyone I may have inadvertently missed.  Best, Jeff   http://www.destinationcrm.com/ec/dcrm_ec_article.asp?id=64 
 You can count me in for $20. 
 Don:  See attached from today's WSJ. 
 You by chance know where the review is tomorrow?  It's from 10 am to 2 pm, right?  Thanks a bunch. 
 Thanks.  See you tomorrow. 
 fyi. 
 Most folks probably listened in to the press conference, but for those that didn't here's a summary of the ISO's proposal to FERC.  The description of the proposal was vague and general, and Winters tends to speak in run-on sentences, so if I've gotten anything wrong, please chime in.  $100 cap for "old" generation; "new" generation would be exempt. FERC would require generators and SCs to contract forward for at least 70% of their power. For those that meet the 70% requirement, they will be exempt from the $100 cap, and the $250 cap will apply. Winters believes that the 70% requirement, coupled with utility-controled gen, will result in the IOUs scheduling about 85% of load into the forward market. Load and supply that deviate from schedules and go to the real time market will be penalized (details to be "ironed" out).  The ISO is supposed to make the filing at FERC today. 
 No sweat.  Not a problem.  Summary will do fine.  Let's definitely try to coordinate for the next meeting.  You have a great weekend, too.  Best, Jeff    Lara Leibman 10/20/2000 04:20 PM 
 Well, it's a start, but it needs work.  See you in LA.  Hey, I just forgot, you haven't sent me the address of where it is I'm going! 
 No need for thanks.  These are busy times.  Take care.    Lara Leibman 10/20/2000 05:43 PM 
 Thanks.  We're going to do it with ENA---dinner at Morton's (yes, it's beef, beef, beef).  Then "Stomp" afterwards.  Taking place on Friday the 15th.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 10/23/2000 11:43 AM 
 Greetings David:  Just checking in to gauge how you folks are doing in cobbling together a proposal and to see if any roadblocks have been encountered.  Hope all is well.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, it did.  With many thanks to Scott and Tracy.    Sue Nord 10/23/2000 02:35 PM 
 god bless you.  how's the music biz?    "Bob Hillman" <bhillman@earthlink.net> 10/23/2000 03:50 PM Please respond to "Bob Hillman" 
 sorry, was traveling in LA yesterday.  what's up. 
 Well, you're just a bit late.  Peter de Vroede already teamed me with him. But I am honored to have been considered.  Thanks. 
 Hi Meg: My understanding is that Peter de Vroede has signed me up with him to room at the offsite.  Your records indicate the same?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 glad to here it.  best of luck.  let us know the locales of your gigs.  be great to see you perform.  in any case, hope to see you when you back in december.  best, jeff 
 you, too. thanks. 
 FYI.  For meeting with PG&E (which is Tues., Oct. 31, from 10 am-Noon (PDT) in Enron's SF offices.  Best, Jeff 
 Jim:  To say that there was gaming in the UK pool is a significant understatement.  Couple thoughts...I'm pretty sure that Seab has done extensive analysis on the UK and he'd likely therefore be very useful in developing rebuttal. (Though very close to it at one point, I've been removed for a few years.)  Also, Schroeder and his gang could also likely shed some insights, and seems that Schroeder's pretty close now with Littlechild---that might be another avenue for information to rebut.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi Lee:  Looks great.  Could you do me a favor?  You have "generating company" rep on the agenda.  Enron does not see itself as a generating company.  In fact, the only generation that we own in California is 50+ MWs of wind power in Southern California.  Could you change it to "energy service provider" rep? Hope that's not a problem.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings All: If memory serves, our filing in California is due on Tuesday.  Steve Bowen & Co. should be getting me a draft today based on our discussion a couple of weeks ago in Houston.  Soon as I get it, I'll be distributing for review. Aim would be to have it in shape COB tomorrow.  Thoughts?  P.S.  Some good news.  Recall from our meeting a couple of weeks ago that I mentioned that there were some preliminary filings we had to make in Arizona (in order to transact business there) prior to filing for a CPCN.  Well, I've spoken with Robin Hill, and those filings have already been made some time ago, so that's one less thing to worry about.  Best, Jeff 
 My apologies.  I thought we had discussed me being on the first panel.  Thus, my previous note.  I see that I'm on the second, however.  Sorry for the confusion.  Best, Jeff 
 Yes, 9:35 would be better.  Thanks for asking.  Best, Jeff    Diane Dimeff <dimeff@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU 10/24/2000 01:26 PM Please respond to Diane Dimeff 
 I'll participate in the call. 
 Mary: I don't think that I have the final, final version.  Could send me and Stephanie each one?  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff    Stephanie Miller 10/24/2000 02:11 PM 
 Greetings:  I'm interested in renting the entire compound at "Sans Souci"--18 Avenida Farralone in Stinson Beach from December 15th-17th and was wondering if it's available.  Thanks very much.  Best, Jeff 
 thursday/friday work.  wednesday is bad. 
 I could do it in the morning.  Say, before 11 am.   that work?    Lysa Akin@ECT 10/24/2000 04:36 PM 
 but my preference is to have it done before 10 am PST---got to catch a flight for houston.    Lysa Akin@ECT 10/24/2000 04:36 PM 
 need correct pin code for call with sanders.  thanks, jeff 
 We'll send a card.  She's 19?  Well, if we have to, we'll take some tomotoes.....Taking the suit and (if Prentice permits) Annie, too.  Could you discuss with Eldon whether you guys want to do the Dome road while my is doing my road at the end of the month?   He's going to fax me the estimate based on his visit when we were all up there last.  To be honest, the deck's got me pretty darned gun-shy about "projects" and this guy is really nice and I want to work with him for years to come.  He's pretty willing to do whatever you folks want, i.e., from Yugo-style road to Rolls Royce-style road.  And if you want to take a pass, that's of course great, too.  I just want to make sure it doesn't turn in to a cluster-you-know-what....Just let me know. 
 what's the number? 
 Steve:  Attached is a memo that reponds to your question:  "Can the solution to the utilities' undecollection problem take place at the PUC, or is a legislative fix required?"  As we discussed, I'm also attaching a memo from Mike Day on the issue.  Bottom line:  It's within the PUC's jurisdiction to solve the problem, but the likelihood is high that it will be a key focus of the Legislature in the next session.  If you, or anyone on the distribution, have any questions, let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Thanks for you help, Simon.  And Margaret, as always, thank you very much. 
 Got a call that Loretta Lynch and Rod Wright, among others, spoke at yesterday's annual meeting of regulation lawyers.  The following was very briefly relayed to me:  President Lynch said that 1) de-regulation was founded on ideology, not facts; 2) she wants to completely re-organize the PUC, top to bottom (in her image?  Amen); 3) she frowns on lobbying---if you "come knocking on her door, that's a strike against you."  One should participate, along with the rest of the public, through the hearing process.  Rod Wright said that businesses (including Enron) are being frustrated by rules and regs that act as unnecessary impediments. 
 Actually ordering El Paso to do what TW already does, so if anything, affirms TW's operating procedures.  El Paso has been in the cross-hairs of the entire industry.  Interestingly, this suit arose from the lengthy and detailed discussions we all had as part of the settlement---as you can imagine, El Paso saw it as a negative outcome of those talks.  We can discuss further when I'm in Houston tomorrow and Friday.  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 10/25/2000 09:40 AM 
 monday--LA w/Karen Denne tuesday--in office wednesday--travel to houston thursday--houston friday--houston 
 FYI:  Got a call from a colleague who told me that Loretta Lynch and Rod Wright, among others, spoke at yesterday's annual meeting of regulation lawyers.  The following sums up what was very briefly relayed to me about Pres. Lynch's and Rod Wright's remarks:  President Lynch said that 1) de-regulation was founded on ideology, not facts; 2) she wants to completely re-organize the PUC, top to bottom (in her image?  Amen); 3) she frowns on lobbying---"If you come knocking on my door, that's a strike against you.  One should participate, along with the rest of the public, through the hearing process."  Rod Wright sounded a more positive tone, stating that businesses (including Enron) are being frustrated by rules and regs that act as unnecessary impediments to plant development.  He made the point that the rules and regs need to be made more rationale and streamlined.  Apparently, he's still clinging to the idea of the State getting in to the power plant development business by signing contracts with providers. 
 Investigation FERC poised to launch proposal Meeting in LA w/Karen Denne EBS Updates PG&E Gas Accord II Holiday party update    Joseph Alamo 10/24/2000 08:05 PM 
 Need Amber's address, too. 
 I'm leaving for Houston at noon today, but could participate by phone.  Jus= t=20 let me know. 
 I know.  Bummer.  Hey, I'm leaving for Houstong in about 30 minutes.  Could you refresh my memory on what I owe you for the coastal and the acacia and I'll quickly send you a check right now!  Thanks again for the lobster and fun last weekend.  Sorry I didn't get back on Sunday.  I cannot believe the Dolphins.....    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/25/2000 11:31 AM 
 Did I respond?  (Life is nuts; I'm losing it.)  Anyway, Peter de Vroede signed my up with him last week (so I'm not sure why I'm still on the list). Anywho, would have been fun.  Sorry I'm already booked.  Had the midterm last nite--wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be, though I'm sure I made about a thousand dumb little mistakes.  Best, Jeff    "Chris Neale" <chrisjneale@hotmail.com> 10/24/2000 05:31 PM 
 hi sweetie.  should we buy some?    Will C Birdsey <birdsey@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU 10/25/2000 01:07 PM Please respond to Will C Birdsey 
 we're going to be at the dome, me thinks.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 10/25/2000 03:16 PM 
 sorry.  yes, i can.    Lysa Akin@ECT 10/25/2000 03:59 PM 
 So it is the 2nd after all?  Thought it might be the first, which I could have made.  The 2nd doesn't work---have set up a meeting with ENA to meet with Sempra execs to see if a deal can be done (yeah, right).  But since it's that early on the 2nd, I can call in by conference call and attend the first 90 minutes, or so.  Will that work?  In other exciting news, going to meet with the lawyers and Bowen either this afternoon or first thing in the morning tomorrow.  You want to join?  And should I see if Scott and/or Donald want to attend?  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff    Sue Nord 10/25/2000 02:15 PM 
 looks fine to me. 
 as you know, prentice is a world class procrastinator---i've been trying to get her to get in touch with steve, larry, ed & co. for about a month to see if they can play on the weekend of dec. 16/17, and she, of course, ain't done it.  by the way, i may have found a really cool "compound" in stinson beach. could you get in touch with those guys and see if they can do it.  sorry to bug you with it, but i think it's best if you guys contact them.  thanks a million. 
 Thank you. 
 Little bird tells me that I may be lunching with you two at the 4 seasons today.  Is that right? 
 yes.yes.yes.    Karen Denne 10/26/2000 09:54 AM 
 Greetings:  I tried to log in with the information provided:  ID--90008808; password--WELCOME.  Haven't been able to get in, though.  Let me know if there's someone that you'd like me to contact to get it resolved.  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 12 it is.  i'll need to leave at 1 pm to catch my plane.  we should be able to get things done in an hour.  Best, Jeff    Michelle Hicks@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/26/2000 02:02 PM 
 no, no, no.  thank YOU!    Michelle Hicks@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/26/2000 03:10 PM 
 excellent.    Michelle Hicks@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/26/2000 03:17 PM 
 You're in luck!  The meeting's from noon to 1 pm CST, so you can attend.  Do you feel lucky?  Would you like to participate---the option's yours.  I'll invite Scott, too.  If you'd like to attend, should we call you from the conference room?  Best, Jeff    Sue Nord 10/26/2000 01:23 PM 
 Chris: Here it is.  Sorry about the delay.  Had to track down the final.  Best, Jeff 
 if you want to talk, page me at 888.916.7184.  i'll call you back.  i'm in houston.  kisses,jeff 
 nope.  here today.  back tonite.  you can page me at 888.916.7184.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 10/26/2000 06:39 PM 
 Yes, please forward along.  Kathleen and Thom, Don Schultz is, and has been for about two decades, a rather earnest and tenacious crusader for DSM.  Very detail-oriented sort of fellow.  Works for the California Commission's "Division of Ratepayer Advocates."  Just a heads up.  Best, Jeff 
 I don't know, though I don't think so.    Karen Denne 10/26/2000 10:37 PM 
 I'm throwing together some messages points.  I'll forward to you for slashing. 
 Thank you.  If you'r open tomorrow (Sunday), I'll call you then.  Best, Jeff Dasovich    "Chris Harrington" <postmaster@oceanicrealty.com> 10/27/2000 03:12 PM 
 FYI.  Seems like we've given the Governor quite a bit up to this point, but there may be some good reasons to, as they say, keep on giving.  Perhaps we can discuss further as part of our meeting on Monday.  Best, Jeff    "Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com> 10/27/2000 06:20 PM Please respond to kaplan 
 Congratulations.  Everyone is extremely pleased that you're joining.  Best of luck and very much looking forward to working together.  Best, Jeff 
 I'll believe it when I see it.  Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1. 
 Thanks.  I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call.  Let's regroup on Monday.  I'll be in Portland but can call you.  Best, Jeff    Jeremy Meier <jermeier@earthlink.net> 10/29/2000 11:48 AM 
 Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF.  All comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated.  Thanks. 
 Yes, I would like to participate. Thanks. 
 thanks a million.  talk to you then.    Lara Leibman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/31/2000 03:48 PM 
 Greetings Dr. Gobbo:  If my memory serves, you should have arrived back in Italy, or will return soon.  Since we met, I have spoken with Severin Borenstein, who is intimately involved with California's electricity restructuring (melodrama?) and a renowned energy economist  at UC Berkeley.  Severin has offered to serve as a contact for you as you continue to take on the formidable task of restructuring your country's electric industry.  I've included his contact information below.  And, of course, if there is ever anything I can do for you, do not hesitate to contact me.  All the best, Jeff  Severin Borenstein  E.T. Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy   Director Haas School of Business              U.C. Energy Institute University of California             2539 Channing Way Berkeley, CA 94720-1900              Berkeley, CA 94720-5180 (p) 510-642-3689                     (p) 510-642-5145 (f) 707-885-2508                     http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei  Email: borenste@haas.berkeley.edu WWW: http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste 
 Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon.  Have distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for comment and thought you may have some, too.  Topic for panel, "PUC Priorities."  Goal is to (politely?) refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued assertions that 1) California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2) the solution is to turn back the clock to command-and-control regulation.  The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat.  Comments are much appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 Chris:  As we discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday.  We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week.  You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product.  You still considering it?  Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end.  My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest.  Best, Jeff 
 Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable-focused. 
 Here are the messages as I understand them.  Please let me know if I've misconstrued anything.  Thanks.  FERC got  a lot right in the order and we're very encouraged as a result. In particular, ending the PX buy/sell requirement and permitting utilities to manage risk through a portfolio of short and long term contracts is a fundamental step in the right direction. However, the proposed price cap is unworkable and will jeopardize realibility in California.  As structured, it will: discourage the development of new generation to serve California fail to provide adequate incentives for demand responsiveness. force Enron to abandon 300 MWs of new power projects planned for California. We look forward to participating in FERC's process and are hopeful that FERC's final order will fix the deficiencies in the current price cap proposal. We encourage California to work with FERC to implement the proposals and quickly fix the flaws in the market on behalf of the state's consumers. 
 with "much" of what i said?    James D Steffes 11/01/2000 01:39 PM 
 Got calls in to Richard at PG&E and Reed at Sempra.  Will report back.    James D Steffes 11/01/2000 01:28 PM 
 anything you want, honey.  I love you.    Prentice Sellers <psellers@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 11/01/2000 03:15 PM 
 Lord help us.  Call whenever you'd like to discuss the call (that Palmer forgot to tell you about).    David Parquet@ECT 11/01/2000 03:24 PM 
 Thank you.    Mark Palmer 11/01/2000 03:42 PM 
 That's fine if you don't want to do the road, but please tell Eldon and I'll tell Jeff (my road guy). 
 Mark Palmer 11/01/2000 03:42 PM 
 My bet is that Pat will be at NARUC.  I think that Michael Moore, PhD Economist and CEC commissioner would be very good (I tried Bilas--he's got a conflict) and don't think it's a problem that he and Larson are both on because they'll come with two quite different takes.  P.S. FERC dropped a bomb on California today. 
 Apologies.  I'm in S.D. with Calger and Dyer to meet w/Sempra tomorrow morning.    Joseph Alamo 11/01/2000 05:12 PM 
 Will do, thanks.  See you at the Alaska gate.    Christopher F Calger@ECT 11/01/2000 06:02 PM 
 Thanks.  FYI--I'll be participating on the second panel.  Best, Jeff 
 Gee, sounds great.  Can't wait. Congratz on keeping the sky from falling out there.  Best, Jeff    Joe Hartsoe 11/01/2000 05:49 PM 
 Just got back from Sacramento.  Davis still pandering... 
 Nope, not at this point.  Rather than start with money, we'd rather start with getting the rules (i.e., the IOUs) fixed so that there ain't regulatoy roadblock after roadblock standing in the way of deployment.  Sound reasonable? 
 thanks.  let's discuss further.    "Cherry, Brian" <BKC7@pge.com> 11/01/2000 04:46 PM 
 Wanted to make sure that you knew that today FERC declared the cap that the ISO Board voted out last week "null and void," which means that we're back to the old $250 cap.  FERC proposed a "soft" $150 cap that would take effect in 60 days, however.  Call if you have questions.  Best, Jeff 
 My schedule has blown apart for tomorrow--traveling.  Possible to meet this weekend to discuss the project?  Either day's fine with me.  Apologies for the last minute change.  Best, Jeff 
 Is there a suggested time for the meeting?  I'm pretty open.  I'd like to be sure that Jim and Paul and Mary Karen Denne can participate, too.  Do we need to have other commercial folks on the call (e.g., Calger, Belden, someone from EES (Yang and/or Benevides)?    Joseph Alamo 11/03/2000 12:06 PM 
 are you and scott available this weekend to look at the place i'm thinking about renting in stinson for prentice's birthday? 
 thank you very much. 
 Sandi and Dave and Mike will dicuss further on the call on Monday but wanted to disseminate info regarding the meeting that Joe Ronan of Calpine offered on an IEP call today:  The meeting was attended by a lot of folks of all stripes. Wright was very critical of how the Governor is handling the issue and wants to craft a solution with the industry and then invite the Governor to get on board. Wright threw a whole laundry list of options on the table for folks to consider (Dave's typing up his notes from the meeting for distribution later today) One of Wright's key concern is forward contracting. The utilities said that Loretta Lynch is the problem with the onerous "prudence" criteria she's imposing on utility forward contracts. Those onerous criteria keep the utility from contracting. Much discussion of what California does on the gas side,  i.e., set an objective benchmark price; if the utility beats it, they profit; if they do worse, they take the hit.  The utility, under this framework, has broad flexibility to contract forward, i.e., PUC gets out of the way.  (FYI: Coincidentally, I suggested this approach in very broad terms--pointing to the fact that it's already successfully in use on the gas side--during a panel discussion that I participated in yesterday at the California Energy Markets conference.) The utilities told Rod Wright that they did not want, nor did they have the expertise, to get back into the generation business. 
 I have NO idea how I sent the email to jackie at kim's email address. apologies.  i'm losing it.  did you guys meet last nite to discuss the project?  If not, do you want to meet this weekend for a wee bit to discuss?  i'm in town.  just let me know. i can't find ted's email on any notes and i'm too lazy (flaky) to search it out.  best, Jeff 
 great.  you going to the game?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 11/03/2000 01:36 PM 
 that sounds good.  what if it's saturday?  is there a time you could go? (why so much interest in the niner game?    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 11/03/2000 03:13 PM 
 FYI. 
 11 am it is on saturday.  yes i'm going to see kathy cowlick. 
 Of course, I will be hurt and disappointed if the Sellers family doesn't vote its conscious, doesn't vote for the candidate that truly represents the values that the Sellers family stands for.  That candidate is, of course, Ralph Nadar.  Amen, Jeff  P.S. Rory and Timi love Dr. Laura.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/03/2000 05:07 PM 
 just got a call from the realtor.  they expect us at 11 am at their office in S.B. tomorrow.  lalime's (sp?)  is cool.  ask prentice about it.    Cameron Sellers <cameron@perfect.com> 11/03/2000 04:52 PM 
 don't change the subject.  vote your concious.  gore voted for scalia AND thomas.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/03/2000 05:13 PM 
 one down, four to go.....  god bless scott.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/03/2000 05:42 PM 
 OK.  Looks like Saturday's out.  I'm game for tomorrow.  Morning? Afternoon?  We can meet at my office if you'd like, or at a cafe.  Let me know.  Best, Jeff    Kimberly Kupiecki <kkupiecki@arpartners.com> 11/03/2000 07:26 PM 
 FYI.  My understanding is that Martin and Doug are going to be focused on DG in California.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 11/04/2000 09:53 AM 
 Yes.  You can expect it this weekend.  My apologies for being tardy.  Also, I think you should make a stab at getting Mike Kahn, Chair of the California Electricity Oversight Board on one of the panels.  I can make a contact and I don't think that it's too late to try.  He'd be very good.  Very close to the governor.    Heather Cameron <hcameron@uclink.berkeley.edu> 11/04/2000 03:54 PM 
 call me unreasonable.  i can take it.  been called worse, though, of course, coming from you, it hurts more. 
 FYI.  We'll get a call in number first think Monday morning.  Paul, do you want to notify Calger, Belden and Thomas in Portland? 
 FYI.  How to remedy the "PX only" flaw in California's market has been on the table for some time.  I've felt for some time that the gas model offers a good point of departure for coming up with a more rationale alternative to the current framework.  As mentioned in a previous note, I made that point at the California Energy Market conference last week.  The EOB's chief economic consultant, who also spoke at the conference, was intrigued by my comments and has asked me to go up to Sacramento sometime in the next week or two to discuss it--and other options--with him.  My understanding is that the idea coincidentally got some attention at the Wright meeting last week.  With all of that in mind, I wanted to pass on a very brief summary of the gas procurement mechanisms currently in place for PG&E and SoCalGas that I asked Mike Day's shop to draft up last month.  It might come in handy as prep for the call on Monday to discuss the Wright meeting.  Best, Jeff 
 Harry:  Seems like a good idea for you to participate to ensure that EES is in the loop.  Assemblyman Rod Wright's trying to find a solution that the whole industry can embrace, which he'd then foist on the Governor.  Sandi, Parquet and Day attended the first meeting last week.  I'll forward to you Parquet's notes from the meeting.  We'll be setting up a call in number first thing Monday morning.  Best, Jeff 
 Congratulations Kathleen and Peter.  This ought to make this week's ARM=20 meeting, well, sort of interesting.=20  Viva New Power!  Best, Jeff 
 Here it is. 
 Given the emphasis from all quarters on the need for retail competition to make California work, would seem useful to strike a balance between the degree to which the comments emphasize wholesale and retail reforms.  And for the record, Sue, no I don't talk like that.  Best, Jeff    Susan J Mara 11/02/2000 03:50 PM 
 Mike:  Call Paul and/or Mona about energy attorneys in Arizona.  (Paul: 503.464.7945.)  Don't give any good talent to our competitors!  Best, Jeff 
 The call-in number for the 12:30 (PST)/2:30 (CST) phone call is:  dial in: 888.476.6127 code: 125995  Thanks, Jeff 
 I don't  we're ready.  could call at some point so we can discuss? 415.782.7822. 
 Reminder we have a call at 3 PM PST/5 PM CST re: CLEC/Tariff in CA/Authority to dig in CA.  We'll use the internal bridge, which I believe is: 888.311.9051 and the code is 60396.  Best, Jeff 
 Have a great time in Nashville.  Don't forget to vote.  Gray gonna be there? 
 We can uninvite steffes, hain, denne, kingerski, comnes if having them on presents any problems.  I hadn't included Marcie on the call, but would be happy to include her, too.  just let me know. 
 Mary: Please include me in the call with Mr. Sanders & Co.  Best, Jeff 
 Ditto.  Sounds good.  Talk to you tonite.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/06/2000 12:58 PM 
 FYI.  I'll be participating in a "round table discussion" on California next Monday on the Berkeley campus.  It's being sponsored by the Policy School and some folks from the Business School.  Laura Tyson and a former FCC mucky-muck (Howard Shalansky) will moderate the two panels.  Alums who now work in the energy biz are putting up funding for the event (e.g., Columbia, American Public Power Ass.)  We're providing a modest stipend.  There are two "round tables."  First one is "Why did we do this?," and the second one is "Where to from here?"  I'll be on the second panel.  Go to the attached website for agenda and other info.  I intend to pull from the messages, filings and other materials that we've developed over the course of the last several weeks/months.  I'll distribute talking points for review and comment sometime this week.  But please feel free to send thoughts, suggestions, etc. early and often.  Best, Jeff  http://gspp.berkeley.edu/events/electricity_summit_conference.htm. 
 Dear Colleagues,  The draft website is ready to go public. It has been linked to the gspp website. It is still the same address: http://gspp.berkeley.edu/events/electricity_summit_conference.htm.  Talk to you all soon. Best wishes, Heather 
 i'm calling marcie as we speak.    Paul Kaufman@ECT 11/06/2000 02:02 PM 
 FYI:  Sue stopped by and wanted to discuss your email re: launching missiles over email to the world.  I told her that 1) folks are understandably sensitive regarding the info that gets to commercial folks, 2) she should continue sending those notes out and 3) she should restrict the distribution list for such notes to GA, which gives the team a chance to discuss the issues and to decide what info to push out to commercial folks, and avoids rather everyone just willy-nilly sending out notes and potentially getting commercial folks whipped up into an (unintentional and  unnecessary) frenzy.  I think she took it well and I think she'll make a practice.  Only time will tell. 
 Alpert has passed both Assembly and Senate--on way to Governor.  6.5 cent cap.  Am faxing in case you don't have.  Jeff 
 Congratulations.    Joseph Alamo 11/06/2000 03:02 PM 
 Is this something they've said publicly?  If so, have they provided any rationale?  Thanks.    Mary Hain@ECT 11/06/2000 02:36 PM 
 thank you.  if you get a chance, give a jingle and give me the brief rundown on where we left off on part 1.  thanks. 
 Gee, and at $120/bottle, I can load up on a few cases.  At that price, the Mondavi's must be hoping Bush wins so America can spend the tax break on that tasty Reserve.  (Kidding!)  Do you qualify for the discount on the Reserve, too?  GO RALPH!      Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/06/2000 01:01 PM 
 another ugly stereotype that is still alive and well in america.  I am so hurt, nancy.  so hurt.    Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com> 11/06/2000 04:52 PM 
 Greetings Wayne:  Sorry that I missed the last meeting.  I'll be attending by phone this week, but would like to attend in person as often as I can (understanding that our meetings will be weekly).  Now don't shoot me, but I was wondering if it might be possible to have the meetings on Thursday mornings.  That way I could actually be in Houston for the meetings (which my schedule doesn't permit me to do on Wednesdays).  If it's too complicated, don't sweat it; I can continue to do the meetings by phone.  But if Thursdays can fit into folks' schedule, that would be great.  Thanks and talk to you on Wednesday.  Best, Jeff 
 Have you drafted any talking points yet?  I'm working on what I'll focus on for the conference at Berkeley next Monday and would love to crib from your comments.  Best, Jeff    Sarah Novosel 11/06/2000 04:58 PM 
 and do you get the discount for the 97 Reserve? 
 I've tried to capture in the document Dave sent around on Friday, the preliminary conclusions/directions we came up with in today's meeting.  If I've mangled or missed anything, please chime in.  If folks have information (i.e., bullet points) to discuss at Wednesday's meeting regarding the various issue areas they're thinking about, please foward along to me by COB tomorrow and I'll compile for distribution first thing Wednesday morning.  Best, Jeff 
 SF all week.    Joseph Alamo 11/06/2000 07:55 PM 
 Do you mind if I meet with Carl and Severin and Rich next time I'm over at Haas to discuss this a bit with them? 
 go right ahead and choose me as a reviewer. 
 Wayne:  If you insist, we can pass on Thanksgiving.  Others:  Any problems with changing the meeting to Thursdays?  If the meetings are going to continue on a weekly basis, I'd like to try to attend in person as much as possible (i.e., schedule permitting).  Currently, my schedule doesn't permit me to be in Houstons on Wednesday mornings.  But Thursdays would work.  If it makes things too complicated, not a problem.  Best, Jeff    Wayne Gardner@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/06/2000 06:08 PM 
 You're welcome. 
 Question:  re: "cat herding."  Do we have the participants list yet?  I've got a call in to Smutney (IEP)---Sue talked to him about the cap yesterday and I'm piling on today.  If we can give Smutney an alternative to "the $150 cap's OK," then we can likely persuade him.  Tim: Be useful to know as soon as possible if the alternative Steve suggests below (i.e., >$150 bids with no disclosure) is palatable.  If other specific CA generators are participating on the panel, we'll need to know who they are in order to "assist" them with their price cap-related comments.  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 11/07/2000 08:59 AM 
 Dave and I talked.  I've talked to Chris Foster (midmarket in Portland). He's sending me 1) illustrative examples of offers we've made to each of the three IOUs, 2) deals we've done with the IOUs to date (only one thus far with PG&E).  Laird Dyer will get back to me with the muni deals we've thus far done (e.g., Roseville.)  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 11/07/2000 08:59 AM 
 Hi.  My palm for some reason isn't syncing.  Could you have Chris give me a call to try to get it to work?  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff  415.782.7822 
 Thanks.  I can be on the call.  One other thing.  If there's anything you need me to do re: Bowen's bill for services, don't hesitate to let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 de nada 
 Dave Parquet and I spoke with Smutney of IEP re: herding the cats.  In true "swedish hostage syndrome" fashion, Smutney informed us that none of IEP's members has screamed about the FERC-proposed cap.  He added that the "industry" is under siege and that "just saying no" to price caps isn't politically tenable.  He also said that he hadn't planned on mentioning price caps in his remarks.  We expressed concern that it would be hard for the head of California's generator association to avoid the topic.  We stressed the importance of having IEP disagree with FERC's cap proposal and offered the following message points:  Price caps have failed in the past and they'll fail again. FERC's and California's immediate goal ought to be to make the bold reforms necessary to create real, competitive markets and eliminate the need for price caps altogether. The most important reforms include: Reforming California's siting laws to permit entry of supply---best way to undermine "high" prices is easy entry by competitors Reforming the PUC review of utility purchases Give the utilities financial incentives to purchase efficiently (i.e., similar to California's gas market, where a benchmark is set and the IOUs profit or lose on the basis of whether the IOU does better or worse than the benchmark).  It ain't rocket science, and it works. The CPUC gets out of the way and stops the practice of "after-the-fact" reviews of power purchases. Creating a retail market If California/FERC adopt these reforms, the need for caps will vanish. FERC got a lot right in the order, but the price cap proposal is flawed. Price is too low to incent development of peakers---well-functioning, efficient markets require peakers. Information disclosure provisions are too costly and unnecessary. Disincents energy efficiency. IEP written comments will offer suggestions on how to remedy the flaws in the proposed cap.  Smutney was comfortable with these points and is open to hearing more from us today and tomorrow.  If folks have comments on these points, or have others we should discuss with Smutney, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 I'm sorry, I'm losing my mind.  did you send Amber's address?  if so, i've deleted it. could you send again?  also, are you sure you don't want the tickets?  they come with free parking (it ain't the closest lot, but hey, it saves 20$).  also, please let me know when you've confirmed with the G.O. that you don't want to do road, so that I can tell Jeff.  And of course we'll pick up the football forms, just make sure they're somewhere easy to find (butcher block table?).  we'll be coming up tomorrow evening to pick up all the stuff.  how's the canopy?  you and eldon playing ping pong? 
 Thanks a million.  Will keep you in the loop on what's going on between now and Thursday.  And don't hesitate if you need anything, or if there's anything that you want to add to the stew.    Chris H Foster@ECT 11/07/2000 01:07 PM 
 plz call asap re: dow reporter called to talk ISO peakers.  thx, jeff 415.782.7822 
 plz chk email re: conversation w/smutney on price caps.  best, Jeff 
 To help herd cats, might be useful to get to the generators via multiple contact points.  My understanding is that the Houston-to-Houston contacts are good ones. We'll continue to work it via IEP and generator contacts here in California. 
 November 1, 2000 > > > >Chairman James Hoecker >Federal Energy Regulatory Commission >888 First Street, N.E. >Washington, DC 20426 > >Dear Chairman Hoecker: > >I want to compliment you and your fellow Commissioners and staff on >the substance of your initial proposed order concerning the California >market.  I am writing to share my initial reaction and expect to >provide more detailed comments in the near future. > >While the proposed order is not as clear and unambiguous as I would >like it to be, your call for sweeping changes in the FERC-approved >tariffs which were filed in December of 1995 is an important >contribution to at least partially mitigating the exercise of market >power as well as helping to establish the legal basis for what will >surely prove to be a vigorous court fight. > >Your unambiguous declaration that the rates being charged in the >wholesale market are, and have been, "unjust and unreasonable", would >have restored credibility to the wholesale market. But your action is >more than adequate for the California Public Utilities Commission to >deny the applicability of the filed rate doctrine to the wholesale >prices produced by a FERC-approved tariff, which FERC has now ruled >failed to produce "just and reasonable" rates. > >For California consumers, it means that there is now a legal >justification for these unjust wholesale costs to not be passed on to >the retail ratepayers.  In turn, the State and consumers should >support utilities in litigating for relief against those parties who >profited from "unjust and unreasonable" wholesale rates which, of >course, will likely require action against FERC itself. > >As I have indicated in prior correspondence, we disagree with your >counsel's opinion that you are constrained from acting retroactively. >If the tariffs produced "unjust and unreasonable rates" and were, >therefore, illegal in October, they were similarly illegal in prior >months in which the effect of market power was even more evident. > >However, we appreciate both your stated desire to act retroactively >and your request to Congress to clarify this authority. While we would >certainly prefer that Congress act on your request, we are also >confident that the Federal Court will confirm our legal analysis.  In >the interim, your invitation to California to suggest equitable >remedies for earlier periods, is most welcome.  As a threshold matter, >a statement by you of your intention to host a settlement conference >in San Diego would be most useful in moving such a remedy forward. > >I support your present proposals to restructure the previously >FERC-approved tariffs to address the ability of parties to exercise >market power as far as they go.  However, I do have concerns that >enhancing the ability of California utilities to make forward >purchases will not mitigate market power.  Since forward contracts >will be based upon sellers expectations regarding real- time markets >and since real-time market prices will still be distorted by the >exercise of market power, forward contract prices will themselves be >distorted. > >Finally, I will take particular satisfaction in the conversion of the >discredited ISO and PX stakeholder boards into non-stakeholder boards. > I do question, however, the wisdom of allowing these dysfunctional >boards to have a last hurrah and choose their non-stakeholder >successors. > >Mr. Chairman and Commissioners, these are difficult and complex issues >subject to the push and pull of gigantic economic interests. There >will be much regulatory work as well as litigation to follow. >However, your action -- coupled with appropriate action by the >California PUC -- will help assure that, as these gigantic interests >fight over economic theory and their balance sheets,  consumers will >not foot the bill. > >Thank you. > > >Sincerely, > > >Steve Peace > >Cc:   Commissioner Linda K. Breathitt >   Commissioner Curt Hebert Jr. >   Commissioner William L. Massey 
 Steve:  I'm not sure how far along you are with the comments, but California's insistence on micro-managing utility purchases is really standing in the way of developing a competitive, functional market.  The prospect of having Ms. Lynch in particular and the State of California generally as a counter party in every transaction is a huge disincentive for the utilities to transact. (Though the situation in California has now put the utilities into a "damn the torpedoes" mode and persuaded them to transaction despite the regulatory risk.)  Clearly, the first best answer is utility-out-of-the-merchant-function.  But given the political climate in California, we're likely to have the utility in the role of buyer, at least in the near term.  For the market to work in a structure with utility as buyer, the CPUC and California need to get out of the way. Otherwise, it's a never-ending quagmire.  A couple of PUCs ago, the CPUC set up an incentive mechanism for utility gas procurement.  Under that mechanism, a benchmark is set.  If the utility beats the benchmark, it shares the benefits with consumers.  If it does worse than the benchmark, it shares the pain with consumers.  It's a model that works, that's simple and that's compatible with competitive markets.  It ain't perfect, but it's head and shoulders above the regulator-as-counterparty that the current PUC has put in place.  Given the brief time you'll have, there may be other more critical issues, but this one is getting increasing attention out here in the land of lunacy.  Jeff    Steven J Kean Sent by: Maureen McVicker 11/07/2000 02:26 PM 
 Nope.    Earlene O'Connell 11/07/2000 03:16 PM 
 Hey, I know it's a pain, but I think there would be value in getting together (if folks are available) on Thursday evening from 7-10 with (lots of) beer and pizza and grind through the finance case.  We can do it at my apartment, or anywhere else you folks would like to do it.  Thoughts? 
 god bless you. 
 Here's a start.  Try 'em out for size.  More to follow.  Best, Jeff  Price caps have failed in the past and they'll fail again. FERC's and California's immediate goal ought to be to make the bold reforms necessary to create real, competitive markets and eliminate the need for price caps altogether. The most important reforms include: Reforming California's siting laws to permit entry of supply---best way to undermine "high" prices is easy entry by competitors Reforming the PUC review of utility purchases Give the utilities financial incentives to purchase efficiently (i.e., similar to California's gas market, where a benchmark is set and the IOUs profit or lose on the basis of whether the IOU does better or worse than the benchmark).  It ain't rocket science, and it works. The CPUC gets out of the way and stops the practice of "after-the-fact" reviews of power purchases. Creating a retail market If California/FERC adopt these reforms, the need for caps will vanish. FERC got a lot right in the order, but the price cap proposal is flawed. Price is too low to incent development of peakers---well-functioning, efficient markets require peakers. Information disclosure provisions are too costly and unnecessary. Disincents energy efficiency. IEP written comments will offer suggestions on how to remedy the flaws in the proposed cap. 
 as far as i'm concerned ted' off the team, period.  (we kid!)  Tomorrow's fine with me.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/07/2000 04:28 PM 
 Jeez, you're a superman.  Talk to you on the call tomorrow. 
 Your panel:  Bill Reed: 619.696.4542 Mike Florio 415.929.8876 Terry Winter: 916.351.2222 Jim Macias: 925.600.2306.  Between us, we know them all well.  Be happy to help contact.  Best, Jeff 
 Couldn't persuade them to stay in D.C.? Ought to be a lot of fun.  Hope all's well with all the craziness out there.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  We'll need to add this to the update.  Hot off the press.  Best, Jeff 
 Can't they stay in D.C.? 
 Good friend of mine's going to Napa to see wineries.  Looking for everyone's favorites to pass along.  Suggestions? 
 both!    "Eldon Sellers" <eldon@interx.net> 11/07/2000 07:27 PM Please respond to eldon 
 How can I get info on deals we've done to you?  Jeff 
 Great.  Glad to hear it.  Did you get my voice mail?  Makes sense for you to go ahead and start cobbling together a formal proposal.  I've talked to folks internally (and will discuss further with them tomorrow and Friday when I'm in Houston).  I'd like you to keep the information confidential, but I'm fairly confident that we're already at the point where it's not a matter of whether but of what the terms and conditions of the contract and the scope of the project will be.  Best, Jeff 
 California's Price Caps Raising Average Cost of Power=20 The retail price caps imposed in California are leading to higher average= =20 prices for longer periods of time as demand responsiveness is dulled and=20 supply is retarded, according to a report released by Morgan Stanley Dean= =20 Witter. Traders interviewed by the firm said that calendar strips for 2001= =20 through 2003 have traded in excess of $100/MWh, or around $30/MWh higher th= an=20 a month ago. What's more, the firm said, the expected trough in the forward= =20 curve =01* projected in the 2002-2003 time frame =01* "continues to move ou= t in=20 time."=20  The Dean Witter study reported that the change in futures pricing for the= =20 California Oregon Border (a proxy for Northern California pricing) and at= =20 Palo Verde (a proxy for Southern California pricing) trading hubs show=20 similar upward trends from June through August.=20  The study said the most alarming thing for the state is the increased threa= t=20 of power outages. Higher priced regions like the desert Southwest and the= =20 Northwest "will suck exports out of the state and deter imports," Dean Witt= er=20 said. The tight supply situation is pushing average prices higher, more=20 often, and increasing the risk imports won't arrive at all when they are=20 truly needed. 
 will do.  best of luck--and have fun (I'm sure you will).  best, Jeff    <9069761@skytel.com> 11/08/2000 10:51 AM 
 thanks, man.  what the hell's going to happen????  talk about grateful dead. it's an election acid trip. 
 dude, which way's florida going to go?  and what happened with the Cal legislature.  D's get 2/3's in the senate? 
 Greetings: Any word on when we're set to meet with the AG, (day, time, city?).  Thanks a lot. Jeff 
 FYI.  Any winery suggestions for my pal?  You're guy Jason seems like a great find.  Congratulations. 
 i'm off the call.  all yours.  that ok?  kisses. 
 what time's the call tomorrow?    Lysa Akin@ECT 11/08/2000 09:46 AM 
 Hey:  we meeting tonite?  can you BELIEVE this bloody election?    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/07/2000 04:28 PM 
 Steve:  Here are the deals and offers.  The desk is concerned about two things:  1) that we not make the specific of the deals/offers public.  They're fine with general statements like "the offers are below the price cap."  2) they have good relationships with the IOUs and the munis and are starting to do a lot of deal; as such, they expressed concern about any comments that might agitate them and make them disinclined to transact with us (sound familiar)?  If there's anything else you need, for if you have any questions about this material.  Don't hesitate.  Good luck.  Best, Jeff 
 Talked to Bill Reed.  In his comments, he will say:  FERC should be more prescriptive.  Can't wait for a new board, made of new people, to act.  FERC needs to be more assertive--I told him we're all for leadership from FERC. They will strongly support the end of the buy-sell requirement and express concern about the CPUC's micromanagement of utility purchases--I told him we'd have a similar message on that issue. FERC should "PJM" the California market--I told him we would differ significantly on that issue, i.e., PJM-ing generaly, and "merging" the PX and the ISO. He said his comments on "refunds" would be "narrow" and would point out that the FERC staff report says there is evidence of specific "bad actors" and that those bad actors should be required to give refunds--I told him that our position hasn't changed on retroactive ratemaking. I explained our position on getting more information to the market sooner. He said that it sounds like a good idea. I told him about our message on price caps.  He said that he would stress that price caps ought to be a temporary "fix," and should be removed just as soon as the market is "functional."  Steve: I told him he should search you out prior to the start of the panel tomorrow and talk more.  Best, Jeff  Best, Jeff 
 We can meet at my meager apartment if you like.  Around 7?    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/08/2000 01:54 PM 
 Sounds good.  We SF folks will do 1-4; East Bay folks have 5-7.    Dylan Windham <dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu> 11/08/2000 04:58 PM 
 i have no parking.  let's meet at your place.  kim and i can carpool and take the "legal" spot.  what's the address?    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/08/2000 06:33 PM 
 Market Surveillance Committee report is smallest file, oldest doc (August), and probably the best message from our prespective, particularly the solutions.  PX report is the biggest file and the newest (11.1.00). 
 Check email re: talked to Bill Reed; info on deals in CA; ISO/PX docs.  Best, Jeff 
 OK, here's the list:  Mondavi's always a classic, and up the hill is La Famiglia (Mondavi brand that's a sweet view, great place to have a picnic lunch, and it has some neat brique-braque. Hess collection. Sterling. Jarvis--truly amazing (and ostentatious--wait till Beth sees the woman's restroom!) But you must call NOW to try to get in. Cordonui (sparkling wine) also has a very lovely view. Stag's Leap. Up valley (Calistoga way) is Chateau Montellana (sp?), which has really wonderful wine. Finally, if you would like, I might be able to tap into a connection and get you in at Opus (Mondavi--maybe one of the best wines, dare I say, anywhere). Please let me know if you'd like to do Opus, and I'll get on it pronto.  And if you want to do Jarvis, call now!   Hess Collection.  Opus.  Sterling.  Mondavi.  Jarvis (if you can get in). 
 Greetings Folks:  As you know, the Gas Accord is coming to an end and PG&E's trying to figure out where to go from here.  I would argue that what happens with PG&E is equally, if not more, important as what happens with SoCal.  As you also know, we're faced with a retrograde PUC that, by all accounts, longs for the "halcyon days" of command-and-control regulation.  As such, I think it would be very useful, and cost-effective, to pull together the effective coalition we established in the SoCalGas settlement.  In that coalition, some of us contributed dollars and some contributed experts.  I think we should employ that approach again.  I asked Mike Day, who I think most agree, did a pretty good job of representing us in the SoCal settlement, to make a proposal for representing us in the PG&E case.  Mike's proposal is attached.  Finally, if there's anyone else you think we ought to include in our coalition, please let me know.  Let me know what you think.  Hope all is well with you and yours.  Best, Jeff  ***************************************************************************      Jeff:  Goodin, MacBride is willing and able to represent a coalition of end-users, marketers, and other interested parties in the PG&E Gas Accord II proceeding in much the same fashion that it represented multiple parties in the GRI proceeding in both PG&E and SoCalGas settlements.  We would propose to split our monthly billings for legal fees and expenses equally between the parties who agree to join such a coalition.  In exchange for joining the coalition, parties would receive frequent updates on the status of settlement talks and other proceedings, participate in conference calls to reach decisions on coalition positions, and have the ability to call on the GMSRD lawyers on the case in order to answer specific questions or provide any other useful information.  I envision using several attorneys for various portions of the proceeding, including using associates and paralegals for research, and other GMSRD partners with gas experience for preparation of pleadings, etc. However, most of the face to face negotiating, including working with Commissioners and advisors as necessary, would be done by myself as lead partner on the case.  I have attached a fee schedule for the GMSRD attorneys who would likely have some involvement in the case.  Because the majority of this work will be done in 2001, these rates reflect our new 2001 hourly fees.  However, in an effort to encourage participation in the coalition, and because several potential members of the coalition are past or existing clients, we propose to reduce our standard fees with a 15% discount for all participants in the coalition.  With this discount, these would be the lowest fees available to any of our clients in the coming year.  I have not made any type of estimate of legal expenses for this proceeding, as it is exceedingly difficult to forecast how protracted the proceedings will be.  Once we begin participating in the proceeding and we collectively decide how best to proceed in terms of actual participation in the case, we can provide frequent budget reports and make more useful budgetary estimates.  If you require some type of estimation sooner than that, please let me know.  Thank you for your interest in using our services.  Please contact me directly at (415) 765-8408 if you have any questions.  Mike Day, partner Goodin, MacBride, Squeri, Ritchie & Day    GMSRD Fee Schedule for Gas Accord II proceedings  Michael Day          $300  James McTarnaghan         $260  Jeanne Bennett         $220  Alexandra Ozols         $130  Heather Patrick, paralegal      $ 85 
 Hi.  Sorry for the delay.  Today's big FERC hearing has had me wrapped up. Please read the following and keep VERY confidential---it's an internal PG&E summary.  Electronic version of OII to follow.  Best, Jeff ****************************************************************************** **************** Yesterday, the Commission issued an OII to determine the > adequacy of Sempra Energy's, SoCalGas' and SDG&E's gas transmission > practices and to determine what measures need to be taken to correct any > deficiencies.  The OII orders the Sempra affiliates and parent to > demonstrate that SDG&E's gas supply and transmission system are adequate > to provide service to present and future core and noncore customers. > >       As you may recall, the OII sprang from an AL that SDG&E > filed in August requesting emergency review and approval of its proposals > to temporarily revise gas transportation service elections to its noncore > customers.  SDG&E subsequently pulled the advice letter after the > Commission issued a resolution rejecting it and outlined an OII it was > going to issue on this matter.  The language in the OII that was issued > yesterday is substantially similar to that which was in the Commission's > original draft resolution. > >       The Sempra companies have been ordered to appear at a soon > to be determined PHC to show cause and demonstrate that: > >       1. SDG&E has adequate gas transmission supply for the > 2000/2001 winter heating season, as well as the longer term supply > throughout the year.  If supply is inadequate, SDG&E shall submit plans > for obtaining adequate supply. >       2. SDG&E gas and transmission supply is adequate to meet > anticipated need for gas fired generation.  If not, SDG&E shall submit > plans for obtaining adequate supply. >       3. SDG&E's gas transmission service is not being adversely > affected by interests of its corporate affiliate. >       4. Recently added demands on SDG&E's capacity are not > negatively impacting supply for SDG&E's customers. and otherwise > consistent with representations made to the Commission. >       5. SDG&E's current gas curtailment rules are just and > reasonable; if not, SDG&E shall propose changes. > >       We are going to need to keep a careful eye on this > proceeding as it develops to make sure it stays focused on events in > southern California.  Commission Bilas gave me assurances last week before > the OII was issued that it was a Sempra problem, not a statewide problem. > However, given everyone's sensitivities to EG concerns, its a proceeding > that could easily be expanded beyond its current narrow focus.  I'll > forward you all a copy of the order later today. > 
 thanks again for hosting.  most kind of you, and we seemed to make a lot of progress.  did you get enough money for dinner? 
 Thanks.  Will do.  It's going to be a long haul. 
 Hi.  Nice to see you in Houston.  I'm giving a presentation on gas issues on Tuesday.  I've got a draft of the message points you circulated on 9.28 regarding "why gas prices have increased" (have those changed?); I've got Ken Lay's gas presentation before the National Governor's Conference (9.20.00); and Gil Muhl's presentation to the AGA  in Washington D.C. on 9.19.00.  Are there other presentations that would useful to look at in preparation for the talk?  Finally, rest assured, you're the best resource anyone could hope for on gas issues anywhere in Enron.  If it seems like I've bugged you less recently it's because 1) I feel like I've bugged you a lot--too much--over the past couple of years and don't want to wear out my welcome and 2) with the electricity crisis in California and the start-up of Broadband, my attention has been less focused on gas.  Though that will change soon, since as you may have heard, PG&E's "Gas Accord" is coming to an end and we've got to figure out where to go from here.  (You'll be hearing from me in the near future on that issue, since I'll need to get a company-wide view of what we want to happen out here in the West.)  Look forward to seeing you again real soon.  Best, Jeff 
 Hi.  How you feeling these days?  From whom can I get copies of the following presentations?  2000 RB-NGC-0800-2 2000 JN-2080039-4  Thanks a billion. 
 thanks very much.  can you email me a copy of the OII?  let's get together for coffee sometime and discuss things.    "Cherry, Brian" <BKC7@pge.com> 11/07/2000 06:59 PM 
 Thanks.  Wow, can you believe only a week?  (I bet you can.)  I'll be thinking of you.  Best of luck.  Will miss you while you're out. 
 Thanks.  FYI:  I won't need accomodations.  I'll only be there for the day on Tuesday. 
 I've got an idea.  Howzabout Ted cooks and you clean up?  Seriously, though, I'll try to host next time at my humble apartment.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/09/2000 01:31 PM 
 Greetings Ms Carson:  I'm giving a presentation on gas issues on Tuesday.  I've got a draft of the message points that Shelly Corman circulated on 9.28 regarding "why gas prices have increased" (have those changed?); I've got Ken Lay's gas presentation before the National Governor's Conference (9.20.00); and Gil Muhl's presentation to the AGA  in Washington D.C. on 9.19.00.  Are there other presentations that would useful to look at in preparation for the talk?  And are there any recent analyses by CERA, PIRA etc. about gas nationally, in the West, and in California that you could forward.  And if you get a chance, could you give a ring?  I've got a couple of questions.  As always, greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 gracias, jose. 
 I assume, since C1's stock rose 10 points yesterday, that you struck a deal with them! 
 you @ ferc?  if so, give kahn my best, and tell him we look forward to the flood of plants he'll approve next week.  peace will never change.  Jeff 
 you hearing this horseshit?  jeff 
 for the "JN" presentation, could you send me the one that Gil Muhl gave? Thanks a bunch. 
 the hard copy i have (it's from the "media binder" developed for our offsite at the Woodlands on 9.19.00) has the number JN-2080039.  it's from gil's presentation to the AGA on 9.19.00.  Thank, Jeff      Simon Shih 11/09/2000 02:21 PM 
 that's wierd.  i'm, of course, very bummed.    Jacqueline Kelly <JKelly@FairIsaac.com> 11/09/2000 02:59 PM 
 thanks.  love to, but my schedule won't let me be there.  see you tuesday.    "Delaney Hunter" <dhunter@smithandkempton.com> 11/09/2000 03:01 PM Please respond to dhunter 
 Could you please send me the number you gave me before for purposes of getting the check to you?  Thanks so much.  Jeff 
 Hi Ginger:  Rick and I spoke and decided that it would be a good idea to provide UC Berkeley's Graduate School of Public Policy with a small stipend of $2,500 to help underwrite a conference they're sponsoring with the business school on Monday.  I'll be participating in the conference.  Could you please make the check payable to (the faceless)  "UC Regents" and send it to:  Heather Cameron Richard and Rhoda Goldman School of Public Policy University of California 2607 Hearst Avenue Berkeley, CA  94720   The school's Federal Taxpayer ID is:  946002123.  Thanks very much.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate.  Best, Jeff 
 So far, all is well.  Thanks for asking.  Best, Jeff 
 Mark: Faced with the price spikes in California, the new administration led by Governor Davis has been pretty hostile toward deregulation.  Perhaps the administration's (and its California PUC) hostility represents a "placeholder" until the administration comes up with it's own plan to "fix" the mess that California refers to as a "market."  As such, there hasn't been much coming out of the California PUC other than rhetoric regarding the fact that Republicans, not Democratics, restructured California's market and the desire to go backwards to good 'ol cost-of-service, command-and-control regulation.  However, the ISO and the PX have issued interesting reports, which I'll forward in a seperate email.  I look forward to seeing Prof. Littlechild at the conference on Monday.  He's on the first panel, I'm on the second.  I've attached the URL for info on the conference.   http://gspp.berkeley.edu/events/electricity_summit_conference.htm.  Best, Jeff 
 well, don't seem to be an electronic copy out there.  trying to get a hard copy.    Susan Scott 11/09/2000 09:41 AM 
 plz call re: OPUS.  jeff 
 FYI.  December 2000 HEADLINE: "Perfection in California" AUTHOR: Wilfred Wong SUMMARY: Recommended: 1997 Opus One Napa Valley Red Wine (100) -- Could the 1997 Opus One be that elusive wine that one never finds? In my continual pursuit for wine nirvana, I have traveled to Bordeaux and back with stops in Italy and Australia and for what? Besides losing my luggage, tracking through customs and using non-functional phone cards, I have been searching for that wine of perfection. Could this wine finally be the one? This just released Opus One may be the absolute finest young red wine I have ever tasted in a bottle (barrel samples don't count). Aristocratically structured the 1997 Opus One magnificently perfumes the air with aromas of ripe, succulent fruit, fragrant, sweet earth and delicate, white flowers. Persistent to the point of perfection, this wine does not allow its captive audience to escape its web of Cabernet ecstasy. Made with the five important varietals of Bordeaux (82% Cabernet Sauvignon, 8% Cabernet Franc, 5% Merlot, 4% Malbec, and 1% Petit Verdot), this spellbinding wine commands attention. This is my top wine of the year. (Best Served 2002-2018). ($130) 
 darling.  please.  don't taunt me.  i'm now too flustered for words.  got your page and voicemail.  been wrapped up ALL day.  i'll try to call later.  give me your number again, please.    Colleen Silva <Csilva@redsky.com> 11/09/2000 03:34 PM 
 Margaret/Elizabeth:  Simon doesn't have Gil Muhl's presentation (job # I have is the "JN" one listed below).  Do either of you konw how I might get a copy?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff  P.S. Margaret.  Got your voicemail.  Thanks.  Will call you as soon as I'm able.    Elizabeth Linnell 11/09/2000 01:32 PM 
 FYI. 
 OK, the tours are booked (it ain't much anyway).  But you're on the guest list for a complimentary OPUS tasting (see previous note).  OPUS is across the street from and just south of the main Mondavi winery.  When you get there, check in with the concierge, who will have your name and will set up with the complimentary tasting.  It gets real crowded sometimes, which causes them to close the gates.  If that occurs, you simply need to buzz the intercom and give them your name and they'll let you in and set you up.  You should really do the tasting----the wine is simply awe-inspiring and it's a cool place.  Finally, they're open from 10:30-3:30.  Later it gets, crazier it gets.  I suggest you try to get there around 11:30, which will ensure that you get the attention you deserve.  Have a great time.  Best, Jeff 
 FYI. 
 Greetings. I really encourage you folks to be in close contact with Robbi and company.  Please keep me tightly in the loop about any conversations, activities, etc.  Thanks a million.  Best, Jeff 
 Hopefully you mean "buy?" 
 John:  I haven't received an email from you about tomorrow's meeting. Unfortunately, I need to reschedule.  I apologize---you may have read in the papers about the electricity "crisis" underway in California.  It's taking up a considerable amount of my time these days.  I would be happy to reschedule for next week.  Wed-Fri.  Just let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 John:  We must thinking alike.  I just sent you a note.  I apologize, but I need to reschedule.  Monday and Tuesday of next week don't work, but Wed. thru Thurs. do.  Just let me know what works for you.  Again, my apologies, and I look forward to meeting next week.  Best, Jeff 
 Monday--Morning office; Afternoon--UC Berkeley participating in roundtable on California electricity crisis Tuesday--AB 1890 implementation group--presentation on gas issues in California Wed--In office Thurs--in office Fri--in office 
 Greetings:  Bowen's aide just called Mona and said that California State Senator Bowen is going to have a hearing on MONDAY in California as a follow-on to the FERC hearing that took place today.  We've been invited to attend.  Focus of hearing:  Repeat of today's hearing, but have it California's house, rather than FERC's.  Based on his Oscar-winning performance at today's hearing, Steve Kean's the one Bowen's office has requested.  Possible to have a very quick call to get folks' view on the pros and cons of participating in the hearing---recall that Peace sits on Bowen's committee---and whether Steve Kean can be persuaded to come to California? Or perhaps we can send a video-tape of Steve to be played to the Committee? ("You people in California are crazy, but other than that you're a swell group of people.")  If possible, we would like to have the call at 10 AM (CST)/8 AM (PST). Please let me know if this works for folks.  And if it does work, Ginger could you set up a call-in number?  Best, Jeff 
 This schedule is correct. 
 you're very welcome. 
 Greetings Diane:  Well, the TeleBears on the Web seems to be experiencing some "technical difficulties" and I've thus far been unable to register.  I'll keep trying!  In the meantime, I want to make sure that I don't miss any deadlines for the 1-unit courses.  I intend to sign up for the E291-B course (Speaking for Management).  When do I need to sign up by?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff 
 Just talked to Sue re: yesterday's meeting and before I shoot myself in the head, I just wanted to say it's been great working with  you guys. Unbelievable....   In any case, congratulations.  Sounds like, all in all, it was a good meeting.   Scott:  has Oregon figured out who they voted for yet? 
 Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a solution that works for everybody.  Amen. 
 You have access to generation daily?  Just wondering if the guy wrote the story... 
 the feeling is quite mutual.  best, jeff    Donald Lassere@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/10/2000 12:08 PM 
 I apologize if I offended anyone.  Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in  California.  Thanks for attributing the quote to me.  You did a great job at the hearing----it went decidely downhill after you left.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you for the note.  I'm very much looking forward to meeting you, and hope that you can visit the office while your hear to discuss California. How long will you be visiting?  Best, Jeff    "Stephen Littlechild" <littlechild@tanworth.mercianet.co.uk> 11/10/2000 12:27 PM 
 u going to w.palm beach to help christopher? 
 go for it.  not enough people fighting any good fights anymore.  instead, we get the likes davis and peace.  best of luck. 
 thank you very much.  i left a message on her voicemail.  that oughta do for now. 
 Attached is a draft of taking points I'll use for the conference on Monday. If you'd like to see the agenda, here's the URL: http://gspp.berkeley.edu/events/electricity_summit_conference.htm.  I'm on the "summit's" second panel: "What do we do now?"  I've been asked to identify the big problems, propose solutions, and identify the forum for the solution (e.g., CPUC, CA Legislature, FERC).  There are two documents.  One is a document that I previously distributed and used as talking points for the Cal. Energy Markets conference last week.  The other is a table listing the issue, the solution and the forum.  I have 5-10 meetings to make opening remarks, then there will be a discussion led by the "facilitator."  All comments are appreciated.  Best, Jeff 
 You coming diving with me and Shea tomorrow?  You gotta do it, man. 
 i don't know the exact address.  it's between 15th and 16th, same side as the mission. 
 oh boy, you opened the flood gates on this one, missie.    "Brian J. Johnson" <johnsonb@stanford.edu> 11/10/2000 01:15 PM 
 Sell. 
 Tim:  I think this is Rob's new email address.  Best, Jeff 
 Hey folks: Here's my rough cut at question #'s 1-4.  Let me know what you think.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings.  Lately, my email's been mangling addresses when I reply.  Just noticed that I got alot of "couldn't send/big error" messages from the answers I emailed out late last nite.  Did anyone get them?  I'm trying again.  Please let me know if you get this one.  Thanks, and sorry about the mixup.  Best, Jeff 
 That's a great idea, and I think that it would be useful to meet with her. In fact, I think it's important to meet one-on-one with as many legislators as possible, because I agree that the facts are pretty darned friendly.  I'll look into setting up a meeting with her.  Bowen in particular is being advised by enviros who think de-regulation is still the best way to go.  And if it weren't for the for the "undercollection/refund" issues, I think that she'd be pushing to move ahead.  Unfortunately, while she may not be focused principally on a hanging, that's likely to be where the hearing goes.  She's been unable in past to control Peace at her hearings.  Best, Jeff    Steven J Kean 11/12/2000 02:35 PM 
 Mona and I plan to be in Sacramento tomorrow at an AB 1890 Implementation Group meeting.  I think that Sue also has a conflict.  My thought was to have someone from the PR firm that Karen has brought on go and report back.  I'm supposed to give a presentation on gas tomorrow, but it's not a problem for me to cancel and go to S.D. if we think that it's vital for one of us to be there in person.   Thoughts?  Best, Jeff    James D Steffes 11/13/2000 08:16 AM 
 Thanks Harry.  This is important and we've discussed making sure that Neil and Jubran (and you, for that matter) be included in any distribution that includes ENA West.  Consider it done.  Unless others have any problems, I suggest that going forward any emails, materials, phone conversations, etc. that include ENA also include EES.  I don't think that we have any legal issues associated with including both ENA and EES, but if I'm missing something, please let me know.  Thoughts?    Harry Kingerski 11/13/2000 08:45 AM 
 plz call. re: phil harris of PJM is on my panel today.  want to discuss. 415.782.7822.  thx, jeff 
 Keep in mind that there will be 3 Davis appointees come the first of the year.  Right now the Wilson, Republican commissioners, still hold a 3-2 majority on the Commission.    Mona L Petrochko 11/13/2000 11:40 AM 
 My apologies.  Thank you very much.  Best, Jeff    Diane Dimeff <dimeff@Haas.Berkeley.EDU> 11/13/2000 12:14 PM 
 We said no. 
 sunday. 
 If Karen thinks it would be useful to have the PR firm go and report back, that's how we'll handle it.  Otherwise, we'll get reports from others.  Other commitments win out over FERC's "open mike."    Susan J Mara 11/13/2000 12:28 PM 
 Welcome Chris.  I can meet during the break. 
 Been on two panels in the last two weeks with Florio--most recent yesterday. Dan Richard of PG&E was also on yesterday's panel.  Mike has now come so far as to push the "core/noncore" split a la the gas industy publicly (if you just wait long enough, people come around).  Dan Richard did not object.  I am pretty suspect about PG&E, though.  Dan Richard said things like:  I'm one of the people in my company who believes that, over time, the utility should exit the procurement function, but many policy makers want PG&E to act as a "quasi-governmental" body offering reliable, low cost service to small customers. I don't think anyone wants anyone's mother to be thrown to the competitive market willy nilly. People have to understand that the large customers are going to take all of the "good" power, leaving the "dregs" for small customers.  While I'm skeptical of PG&E--Dan said what he knew people wanted to hear but there was little conviction behind the words--there is certainly an opening that we should try to exploit.  In addition, Florio is now publicly agreeing pretty strongly that the gas model for utility procurement is one that merits a heck-of-a-lot of attention, i.e., set a benchmark, get the CPUC out of the way, and let the utility live or die by the benchmark.  There's daylight among the stakeholders, but a very large amount of uncertaintly regarding whether the administration, its appointees, and/or the Legislature will get on board.  Best, Jeff     Mona.L.Petrochko@enron.com 11/13/2000 06:37 PM 
 Can we try Friday at 10 am, again?    John Protzel <John.Protzel@Cambira.com> 11/13/2000 05:58 PM 
 As uncomfortable as it sometimes is, I feel compelled to comment on what in my humble opinion are quite troubling statements, particularly when those statements come from the mouths of self-described liberal, open minded, diversity-loving hipsters.  I have a very hard time with stereotyping of any sort, and a very, very hard time when it comes from people I'm close to. Believe it or not, in the past, I would have been much more aggressive about it.  Guess I've mellowed.  Sorry if it made things, well, fidgety.  (I've come to grips with the fact that deep down, I tend to trend toward socially libertarian and sometimes even anarchist views---oh well.)  Best, Jeff    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/13/2000 04:57 PM 
 Sorry that I've been incommunicado.  At the UC Berkeley conference yesterday, and on my way to an AB 1890 meeting to present on gas in about 5 minutes. Got your message re: PR firm.  Sounds good.  When I'm back in tomorrow, I'll fill you in on yesterday's conference and today's meeting.  Best, Jeff 
 Dub and I are going to go to Stinson/Bolinas to seela the deal on Saturday morning/afternoon prior to going to Napa for Nancy's Bday on Sat night. Would love to have you two join, but worry not if you've got conflicts.  Best, Jeff 
 Greetings: Sorry to bother you with this, but I'm travelling, and if you could leave the call-in number for tomorrow's meeting on my voice mail, I'll be forever indebted.  Thanks a bunch.  Best, Jeff 
 Thank you very much for the summary. 
 Man, Illinois is tough.  One has to submit testimony to get certified!  How are things going?  Got your voice mail.  Hope all's well.  Recovered yet from the conventions? 
 call in number? 
 Glad to hear you're coming.  I'll be sure to wear the lime green shirt....  Best, Jeff    Richard Shapiro 11/14/2000 07:34 PM 
 See you then. 
 B.O. Sorry, I was out of the office all day.  Hope you got there.    "Scott Laughlin" <scottwl@hotmail.com> 11/14/2000 02:38 PM 
 I don't have any number.  You need to just drop by there and buzz the manager.  Try from 8-5, when someone's usually there.  Sorry, babe.    Colleen Silva <Csilva@redsky.com> 11/14/2000 03:41 PM 
 My apologies.  I've been meaning to come in, but figured that at some point the Telebears on the Web would work.  But no luck.  Here are the courses that I'd like to register for.   SID: 84054310G1.  Competitive Strategy (E210): #09250 Corporate Finance (E234):  #09301 Securities Markets (E233):  #09292 Internet Strategy (E262B):  #09373 Pricing (E296-10):   ??? Speaking for Management (E291B-1)---I believe that Diane has already listed me for this one.  Please let me know that you've received so that I don't delay anything any longer.  And thanks so much for your help.  If there's anything else that you need, please don't hestitate to let me know.  Best, Jeff 
 Love to join.  Thanks. 
 FYI.  Attached is a presentation on gas markets that I gave to an electricity group yesterday.  The group was formed out of California's restructuring legislation (AB 1980).  It's called the "AB 1980 Implementation Group" (I heard that the group decided that its time to change its name.).  The group includes just about all of the interest groups in California.  I focused on the fact that gas offers a model of a "real" market that California should look to in order to fix the "artificial" and failed electricity model created by AB 1980.  Best, Jeff  ---- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 11/15/2000 10:14 AM -----  Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 11/13/2000 01:49 PM 
