  brought to you by:Daily-Blessings > >  http://www.daily-blessings.com/bless190p.htm > > 
 Don't forget tonight is the season premier of "Frasier".  It's on channel 2 but I'm not sure of exactly what time. Probably 7 or 8 pm.  I can't wait! 
 WhaTeverrr! 
 Nothin' Honey! 
 Have a wonderful day.  I'm gone to the Cadillac Bar for our Christmas Luncheon. 
 I will be taking a 1/2 day of vacation on Friday.  I am trying to do the majority of the necessary preparation for our trip before Friday.  I am also still trying to decide whether or not we will do hair tonight.  Do you already have the perm?  I did get some type of directions from Denise too.  I am printing them now and placing them in my purse so we will have them. 
 Morning - Would you mind terribly, taking a few minutes to jot down a brief set of directions to our retreat in Galveston please, sweetie, little kitty?  Thank you!  DD 
 If you're not busy, I'll come in and check for you if you'de like. 
 Thanks!  I will be placing it on the calendar.  Do you have the icon on your Lotus Notes workspace desktop?  It's the  "Merchant Finance on ECTHOU_..." icon. 
 You are crazy.  Did you download that stuff like I told you?  Call me. 
 Are you on the internet?  Email me. 
 OOPS!  Here's the attachment. 
 Hi Betty - Hope this little note finds you doing well.  Didn't we have a wonderful time of fellowship last night.?  Claudette had such a fresh anointing on her.  She spoke so beautifully.  Listen, I have your email adress but not your phone #.  Is the some reason other than the fact that I've never asked?  You can reach me @ any of these #'s...  Home#...281 583-1348 Work #...713 853-7520 Cell   #...713 320-6450 
 I wanted to make sure that I had the right email address.  Mine is.....dana.davis@enron.com 
 : )  I couldn't resist.  Attached to this email is a Word document that lists all the MOP members names, addresses and phone #'s.  I plan to revise it more with email addresses and alternate/emergency phone #'s but for now will you help me fill in the blanks where possible?  Later, if every one approves, we can distribute this.  Let me know what you think.  Lots of Love for my sister in Christ.  Dana 
 Listen MagOO!  I told you to download that stuff and view it later.  That is the only gibberish that you should be receiving. 
 Hi Joe & Jackie- Joe, when I spoke to you last night, the email below is what I wanted Jackie to see.  Also I can't put my finger on Jerry and Danise's #.  Will you guys forward this message to Danise for me.  Thanks a lot and I look forward to seeing you guys on Wednesday.  God Bless, Dana 
 Listen Girly!  I'm back from lunch and an email and I want it now! 
 Ok Buddy!  No more email for you today. 
 Candis All you have to do is set the heater between 75 and 80.  I am about to go to lunch right now so call me on the cell phone if you need me.  I'll email you again when I get back.  If you eat some soup, please be careful with the stove.  Love you 
 What is your problem?  Why aren't you responding to my emails? 
 Candis -  Why aren't you emailing me?  I miss you POOH POOH NANNY.  BUH-BYE!!!!!!!! 
 Marylyn Do you have a problem with me taking this to the prayer ministry tonight? 
 What cha' doin'??  You not emailing me.  I want to hear from you POOH.  POOH POOH NANNY. 
 THIS IS A MESSAGE THAT COME FROM A LADY THAT I GO TO CHURCH WITH. 
 This is a picture of Rebecca's little girl. 
 Hey Sweetie Make sure you use the spell check before you send your messages. 
 Subject: FW: Choking!!! Sorry this is just too funny not to pass along!  > Choking-what to do? > > Two cowboys from Texas walk into a roadhouse to wash the trail dust > from their throats. They stand at the bar, drinking their beers and > talking > quietly about cattle prices. > > Suddenly, a woman at a table behind them, who had been eating a > sandwich, begins to cough. After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that > she is in real distress, and the cowboys turn to look at her. > > " Kin ya swaller?" asks one of the Texans. The woman shakes her head. > > " Kin ya breathe?" asks the other. The woman, beginning to turn a bit >   blue shakes her head again. > > The first cowboy walks over to her, lifts up the back of her skirt, > yanks down her panties, and slowly runs his tongue from the back of her > thigh,up her buttock, and up to the small of her back. This shocks the > woman > to the point that with a violent spasm, the obstruction flies out of her > mouth, and she begins to breathe again. > > The cowboy walks back over to the bar and takes a pull on his beer. > > His partner says, " Ya know, I'd heard of that there 'hind lick' > maneuver, but I never seen anybody do it." > > > 
 What's this and do you need some help with it?  Let me Know. 
 Hi Mommy!  Yes you may make a grilled cheese sandwich but get off the internet while you are doing it.  I want to be able to call you during this time. 
 I have a dentist appt. today and I will be leaving at 4pm. Rufino said he'd be here to help.  Thanks Dana 
 Heeey!  I started to email you at CHARLES200064.  I wasn't sure that you had access to retrieve that other adress' email.  Check this out.  This is what Candis just emailed me   Subject: Hello sugar pudding    Hello,Mama  I love you!!! You are such a sweet mom!!!!\ Mother I just wan't you to stop YELLING!!! I haven't ate anything yet but some chips. Can I make a grilled chesse sandwhich I know how.Well,I have to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!![Unable to display image]   Isn't that cute.  She's at home today (AND FINE!! Thank you.)  She's probably going to email me all day (like you  : ) so be patient, I will respond. 
 AHHHHH! HA HA HA HA  EMAIL ME AT... dana.davis@enron.com 
 Wake up!  Wake up and email me.  Dana.Davis@enron.com 
 Hey Sweetie,  Wazzup!  Get up, Get Down, Get Funky, Get Loose!  I see that you are already on the internet.  Send me something CUTE.  Love,  Mom 
 OOOOOOOOOO Yes!  Thank Ya Jeeeesus! 
 HI.  I'm so overwhelmed at the goodness of God.  Know ye not that it's the goodness of God that leads a man to repent.  I feel like I just got a new boyfriend that I want to spend all my time with.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ok-Ok. I just wanted to share a scripture with you girls.  Hebrews 4:12 - For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.  I'm so excited and encouraged to continue in this race.  I'm so thankful that God is teaching me through you and His Word that this race is not given to the swift, neither to strong but to the one that endures to the end.  Keep pressing my sisters!  Love You,  Dana 
 Call me NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111     Lola Willis @ ENRON 10/03/2000 11:44 AM 
 Have I responded to you regarding this?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Lisa- Does this look familiar?  Scroll to the bottom. 
 An application called AP Data Viewer.  Accounts payable uses it to retrieve status on document such as invoice payments, wires, payment requests, etc....  I've just spoken to Pam and I think I'm requesting the right thing but using the wrong form.  Will you please reject this so I can start all over?  Thanks Dana 
