topped, and now we know what will become of Enron.  I'm just not sure how everyone will handle the change to Dynegy (or even if the merger will get completed).  Its not supposed to close until around Sept. '02.  So there is plenty of time for things to change even more around here.  As far as my job, at least I work in the power side.  We keep hearing that they bought us for our power and gas trading, so that makes me feel a little better.  I'm also glad that it is a Houston co. that bought us.  We are supposed to be moving into our new building this weekend, so that will be interesting.  Have fun over Thanksgiving. 
 Paul Johnson 281-600-8145 
 Julie,  As I am getting off night shift today, I will be unable to attend the HR presentation.  I believe I filled out all of the necessary paperwork (W-4, direct deposit, and employment application) to get started and I dropped the beneficiary and benefits paperwork on your desk this morning.  Please write me if there is anything else that you need from me.  Craig Dean 
 I responded on 12/24 but haven't seen anything yet... Mr. Dean 
 Kathy-  In case you didn't receive this from the night crew. 
 I manually entered the HE 20 scrape. 
 Bert,  I'm returning from Colorado on the 2nd of Feb. and will be available to work on the 3rd. If this can work into your schedule it would be much appreciated.  Dean 503.880.5303 
 40040310 mariners 
 Thank you very much for your help. 
 Yes, yes.  Sorry for not replying.  I'm good for two. 
 The "silent one" speaks. 
 Wow, I almost forgot.  Thank you.  I will contact her soon. 
 Amy,  Hi.  This is Richard's, and now Erin's, friend Clint.  I know that she spoke with you about me, and I wanted to see if you might be interested in getting together sometime.  You probably want to know a little about me.  I work at Enron as an electricity trader, and I've lived in Houston for about three years.  I've known Richard 9 years from our fraternity days together.  I'm 27 and I graduated from UT 4 1/2 years ago.  Of course, I would be interested in hearing something about you as well. Erin just told me that she had a good friend in Houston that she thought I should meet.  Let me know what you think, and we can go from there.  Clint 
