is back to Kay Chapman and myself.  Thanks, Joe Brewer 
 thanks Ben - makes sense. 
 Text:  Please plan to attend and reception and dinner for Analysts and Associates who have made significant contributions to ENA.  The function will be hosted by the Office of the Chairman at Morton's Steak House located at 5000 Westheimer on August 17, 2000.  The reception will start at 7:00pm with dinner to follow at 7:45pm.  Please RSVP to Ted Bland at ext. 3-5275 no later than close of business Monday, August 14.  This will be an informal gathering to discuss the progress of ENA and an open forum to interact with members of the senior management team on a one on one basis.  See you on the 17th.  Mark, Dave and John 
 Rob, we may be saying the same thing here - for the EES outsourcing proposition (which is more than just asset management) as being defined by Rodney et al should be managed together by Industrial Origination and ECC. Although, I would agree that ECC should lead the sale process.  My view is that we should not and will not recreate the structuring, customer facing and execution requirements in Canada and Mexico required to do these deals. It is an important strategic iniative for ENA to complete a number of these deals. The problem is that a clear target list, joint accountabilities and schedule between the groups has not been rolled out which was discussed at Columbia Lakes.  All other industrial business other than P&P commodity/asset business is the perview of ECC.  Ultimately, I have not seen any outsourcing transactions from Canada in the deal structuring/due diligence queue.  The US group can help get these done and can help in the pitch.  Regards Delainey 
 I agree 400% - I look forward to your plan. 
 Larry, my understanding is that ESA has taken four units and that Janet Dietrich in conversations with ESA has made four more available to ESA subject to them getting their deal approved by the board.  So I do not believe Enron needs to committ to additional LM units at this time.  Regards Delainey 
 How do like that ..... I like this guy. 
 Let me know your thoughts after you speak with him.  Regards Delainey 
 Fred, I will research our potential needs otherwise I agree with your approach to keep the option open for as long as possible.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, to end all arguments, I would suggest the following protocol which is similar to what was discussed at Columbia Lakes:  a) P&P swaps and anything to do with the network strategy/assets in the paper sector in Canada and Mexico - Industrial Origination; b) Pure energy commodity positions and stand-alone energy assets (no outsourcing) for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - ECC or Enron Mexico; c) Energy outsourcing for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - I would like Enron Canada and Enron Mexico to develop a written target list in which ECC, Enron Mexico and the Industrial Origination groups would work together to develop, sell and execute on the most profitable and value adding outsourcing product for the industrial customer in Canada and Mexico - ECC and Enron Mexico's understanding of the energy markets in Canada and Mexico coupled with the customer facing, product development and execution skills in Houston should provide a winning team.  I am asking for the three teams to clearly identify the outsourcing targets, lead sales and structuring people and the timing as far as starting discussion with each target customer (ASAP).  I would hope that the Mexican and Canadian teams would lead the sales process and the Houston team lead the structuring, customer facing and execution but I will let you decide the optimum mix.  Either way, I am expecting this target list completed and agreed to in the next two weeks for Canada and Mexico; and d) for Tembec I don't think it makes sense to change the deal team at this point; however, the US team will keep the Canadian team in the loop and if the products become non-outsourcing related the deal should be passed to ECC.  Regards Delainey 
 The following meeting has been arranged:   Date:  August 4, 2000 Friday  Time:  1:00 pm - 2:30 pm  Location: EB 3314  Topic:  HLP  Attendees: Mark Frevert Dave Delainey John Lavorato Wes Colwell Tim Detmering Brian Redmond   If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to call me.  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Jeff, we are thinking about how to finish the mid-market iniative and I need to know if you want Breslau.  I would like him in a singular role and accountability so I need to plan to incorporate him or not depending on if you want him.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention.  In don't need to be in the e-mail loop.  Thanks Delainey 
 Charlie, your call - just a question 
 please put on schedule 
 David, I want to enforce this to nth degree given his understanding of our industrial offering and that fact he mis-represented his reasons for leaving.  Regards Delainey 
 Edward, you are very welcome and I appreciate all the efforts to ensure the transition works and we get the accounting treatment we want on Garden State.  Regards Delainey 
 fyi 
 Shocker! 
 Charlie, looks pretty general - only comment is what is the Product Purchase Agreement entail? Do we want to go into more detail on the nature of the alliance, the target market and the nature of the excusivity (ie) wholesale renewables applications, ENA, major state programs - all of it based upon the Conneticut job working?  Regards Delainey 
 Wes, as per our discussion, I wanted to detail the action items from the analysis: a) the Office of the Chairman will be increasing the visibility of ROCE and cost metrics as a part of the QBR process; b) the ROCE iniatives include: - HPL divestment - Donahue/Detmering/Redmond; - GENCO strategy or possible peaker sales - Donahue/Miller; - MPR rationalization, Raptor strategy and divestment/clean-up - Donahue/Maffitt/Peterson - LRC optimization, increased performance - Redmond/Mrha; -Sithe restructuring, elimination of the tracking account - Donahue; - Powder and Wind River sales - Redmond/Mrha. c) specific cost reduction iniatives as detailed in your presentation - implement with feedback/measurement process to ensure buy in - Wes Colwell; and d) further analysis on quality of product/service for cost for non-commercial and group expenses - Wes Colwell.  Regards Delainey 
 Due to a scheduling conflict, it has become necessary to cancel the dinner meeting scheduled for August 2, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill.  This meeting will be re-scheduled at a later date.  If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact either Kay (30643) or Beverly (57857). Thanks very much. 
 Rick, we have re-examined the portfolio as a result of our last meeting and have an expected portfolio of $500M (gross) or $408M (net-ENA's share) to be placed into Raptor on September 1.  We have a second tranche of $608M (gross) or $396M (net ENA's share) to be placed into Raptor 2 on December 1.  Kafus, Ecogas, Brigham, Crown Energy and Merlin CLO Equity Option will not be part of either Raptor 1 or Raptor 2.  Please confirm that this is consistent with you view of capacity and timing.  Regards Delainey 
 Brian, great job - I would really like to get this done for third quarter please let me know how I can help.  I have heard that you can request a expedited HSR for fairly straight forward deals like this.  Wes, I believe that we don't have any issues recognizing the value from this transaction - please confirm.  Regards Delainey 
 Jennifer, you are very welcome and I look forward to continuing to work with you - all the best.  Regards Delainey 
 Rebecca, if you wouldn't mind I would like to sit in on the Monday meeting. I think that Mariella from what I have seen and heard is very capable.  I strongly believe that we need to put a dedicated (with fresh eyes) SWAT team on this one that has control of the complete commercial, technical and financial aspects of this project.  This is the only way to be effective. Whether it is with you or me or both, I am indifferent  I would like to ensure that Kishkill, Wiggs, Gonzales and Alberquerque are not buried in this project given other goals and objectives.  Thanks  Regards Delainey 
 Dawn, right now I am scheduled to be up in Calgary on the 16th of August - lets shoot for that date.  Regards Delainey 
  THERE will be a Friday Staff Meeting July 28, 2000.   Date:  Friday July 28, 2000  Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm  Location:  30C1  Topic:    Combined Staff and Budget Meeting    Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Please note that this is a change from your original scheduling. 
 Please note that this is a change from your original scheduling 
 Mark, note the feedback from the AA's, it is imperative that we get a handle on this!  Let me know when I can spring our plan on Jeff.  Regards Delainey 
 I have just received word from Ted Bland that no one has responded to this memo.  Please re-read the following memo and respond to Ted by July 31, 2000.  Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.   As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.  In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.  In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply their name as soon as possible.  Please call with any questions. 
 Kay, make sure Mark knows when you are scheduling these QBR's so that he can ensure the package is ready - some of these are coming up next week.  Regards Delainey 
 Rick, I hope you take the time to speak to Rodney Malcolm or Ray Bowen on how your technical and commercial exprience could help move the outsourcing product (in all its forms) forward in the industrial market.  Otherwise, your welcome ...  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, if you Janet or Dave can cut the deal with Izzo go ahead and speak to him.  I don't think there is any practical way to enforce any percieved call we have on Izzo so you will have to determine how much Larry really wants the trubine or how he could benefit from striking a different deal.  Regards Delainey 
 Jim, I would forward to Chris Calger, Janet Dietrich and Jean Mrha.  Thanks Delainey 
 FYI 
 Laura, I spoke to Tom about his retail proposals, I told him that you would coordinate a meeting between Mark Muller/Lou Pai and himself.  I only want Lou going up if Tom is involved.  However, Mark Muller is up to go and I have spoken to him with regard to the opportunity today.  He is expecting your call.  On a related note, I volunteered Wes Colwell (our controller and former Anderson person) to speak to Peoples accounting/ risk people and Anderson auditors on how to manage the issues surrounding marking the hub values inside Peoples.  I would appreciate you coordinating that meeting.  If Wes goes to Chicago, we want to ensure Leubbers, the Anderson folks and the appropriate Peoples accounting folks are available so Wes can spend the least amount of time on this issue.  Jeff, where are we on the PECO/PSEG retail play that you spoke to Mark Muller about a couple weeks back?  Mark, I forgot to mention that FPL is interested in potentially investing in the New Power Company - Tony Altman (President of FPL wholesale) would like to discuss.  If interested please call him at 561-625-7777.  If you don't think you will have any interest let me know and I will call him to let him know.  I probably need to get back to him either way shortly. Thanks.  Regards Delainey 
 Coal & Emissions QBR 
 I am trying to pull together a QBR for Dave and Mark Frevert.  Would Tuesday August 29th from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm. work for everyone?  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Eric, Jim Ajello in the industrial group is the best person.  Regards Delainey 
 Please follow up if appropriate.  Regards Delainey 
 FYI 
 I think we have the wrong date and time on this one - the Upstream QBR is August 28th for an afternoon. Regards Delainey 
 Jordan, I assume the memo I asked for is in hard copy on my desk. Thanks Delainey 
 Guys, lets set up a meeting between the three of us on Monday ASAP to discuss.  I have a few ideas and I probably need to go have dinner with Lew to get him comfortable.  This may be setting up to be a larger asset management transaction.  Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and out that day.  If not next week then early the following.  I think it will take a one on one with Lew to get this one centered.  At our meeting, I would also like a status update on the other iniatives eg) Ameren, DPL, Cinergy, etc.  The accounting issues on the generation projects need to be addressed as well.  Regards Delainey 
 Dorie, I have to question the effectiveness of this program.  Over the years, it appears that more spots are being filled by Enron people then customers. The effectiveness of this forum from a customer point of view is questionable.  I vote to kill it.  Please forgive the approach - but I would like to provoke a discussion with my partners.  Regards Delainey 
 Wes, please have the detailed HPL numbers available to discuss on Monday.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, my team believes that there should be a premium to book in the range we quoted to you; however, I appreciate your interest.  I would agree that we have spent enough time on this and it is time to move on.  Regards Delainey 
 Unless asked just bring your smile.  Regards Delainey 
 I'm already perfect :) 
 There will be a meeting on Wednesday, August 2, 2000 from 9:00 am until 10:00 am in Conference Room EB3321.  We will be discussing the Triple Lutz and Trantula Projects.  I will look forward to seeing you there.  Thanks Please mark your calendars for the following meeting:  DATE:    AUGUST 2, 2000 TIME:     9:00am - 10:00 am PLACE:    EB3321 DISCUSSION TOPICS:  PROJECT TRIPLE LUTZ PROJECT TRANTULA  I will look forward to seeing you there.  Thanks. 
 Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant contributions to  Enron North America.  The function will be hosted  by the Office of the Chairman at Morton's Steak House located at 5000 Westheimer on July 27, 2000.  The reception will start at 7:00pm with dinner to follow at 7:45pm.  Please RSVP to Ted Bland at ext. 3-5275 no later than close of business Monday, July 24.  This will be an informal gathering to discuss the progress of ENA and an open forum to interact with the management team on a one on one basis.  See you on Thursday.  Mark, Dave and John 
 Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant contributions to Enron North America  The function will be hosted by the Office of the Chairman at Cafe Annie located at 1728 Post Oak Blvd. on August 2,  2000.  The reception will start at 7:00pm with dinner to follow at 7:45pm.  Please RSVP to Ted Bland at ext. 3-5275 no later than close of business Monday, July 31.  This will be an informal gathering to discuss the progress of ENA and an open forum to interact with the management team on a one on one basis.  See you on Wednesday.  Mark, Dave and John 
 Jim, I really don't see a need for this meeting - you can count on us not dropping the ball.  I have a good understanding of the retail product offering, in fact, we lead the outsourcing sales process for the large industrial customers in NA until EES bought back their minority shareholders.  I have a very good relationship with Dan Leff and Sunde.  I already have Dan's committment to help service the execution of the business initially.  As it grows and the product proves itself out we can staff.  Regards Delainey 
 Don, go ahead and set it up - what have been discussing with them on the gas side?  Did CSFB tell them about the $400 Kw capital cost plus the three year transistion agreement for $4.00 kw/m?  Tell Beverly or Kay to make time for next week if Mr Forster can make it.  Regards Delainey 
 looks fine to me  regards delainey 
 Janet, its your book - if you feel we have the LM's licked and we need the resources/the value at risk is minimal, I would go ahead.  I would get Calger on side as well.  Regards Delainey 
 Good job Rodney - keep me up to speed and let me know where I can help.  Regards Delainey 
 Don, couple of points: a) would take a page to describe the Bridgeline structure (ie) we have done this before; b) haven't we done more that 150,000 transactions? c) we are getting paid a fee for providing the back-office services?  Let me see what you come up with after discussing with Presto et al.  Regards Delainey 
 Rodney, interesting title- is someone giving you grief on this strategy?  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, please follow up with Dorie she will handle the process for you.  Regards Delainey 
 Whats's up with these machines - are we paying for past good luck?  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, I am not aware of any questions.  Regards Delainey 
 As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.  In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.  In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply their name as soon as possible.  Please call with any questions. 
 Please plan to attend a meeting Friday, December 1, 2000 at 7:00 am in Conference Room 3321.   Date:  Friday December 1, 2000  Time:  7:00 am  Location: Conf Room 3321  Topic:  Review of Tex-Mex Deal for Board Approval    If you will be travelling and need to call in, please let me and I will set up a dial-in number.  Feel free to call me with any questions.   Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Thank you for your prompt responses, the following QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream Origination date has been confirmed:   Date:  August 28, 2000 Monday  Time:  1:00 pm - 5:00 pm  Location: 3321  Topic:  QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream Origination    If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.  Thanks,  Kay  3-0643 
 Wes, we have the following dates set up: a) East Midstream and QF Restructuring - Aug 15; b) Industrials - Aug 14; c) Canada Origination - Aug 16; d) West Midstream - Aug 17; e) HPL, LRC and Upstream Origination - Aug 28.  We are setting up the remainder as we speak.  I have some final comments on the packages you gave me; however, the color printing will not fax so we need to find time to discuss.  Please fax the Friday "package" and the final Q2 numbers.  Regards Delainey 
 David, I wouldn't do the Brown Bag (too often- too hard to keep doing); I wouldn't do the Social Gathering (too country clubish); I like the Monthly Dinner/Cocktail Hour/Ballgame, etc with the OTC and parts of the management team as a forum to identify talent, give A&A's exposure to the management team and to "sell" ENA. I would suggest that we make it every two months rather than monthly. However, I would have the first one very quickly for the top rated A&A in ENA that are due to rotate soon in order to try and pitch them on staying in ENA - maybe dinner and ballgame.  For the resource management and coaching part of the program, lets wait until we see where we end up on any possible changes to the program first.  I assume that you are working on a couple strawmen on possible alternatives. Once we have a few ideas, I would like to pitch Whalley, Sherriff and Mark when I get back.  Lets go ahead and implement above ASAP.  Regards Delainey 
 Chris, did we get the DASH completed and approved on Pasotria and LV Cogen?  Rob, I have not heard what the plan of action is with Moore?  Rob, what would be the necessary steps needed to book all or some of the Bruce deal in Q3?  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, where is Rebox - it seems to have disappeared?  I assume you guys are working on the accounting issues necessary to book the swaps on the Garden State deal.  Regards Delainey 
 Richard, I think I am starting to obsess and I really don't want you guys working on this; however, it think that it is very odd that this Griffin guy over an eight week process, two registered letters and a phone conversation does not send a letter or bring up this "Chrome Dreams" issue from 1986 with us until this lawsuit is filed without our knowledge.  This guys sounds a little off.  Regards Delainey 
 FYI 
 Janet, we have been down the road with these guys before and it was not very pleasant.  I think it is hightly unlikely that Larry will be coming up with an additional 7FA turbine - but you can call him.  I'm also starting to think as the LM position starts to get better managed that maybe you and Chris should take the D5's and 7EA's onto your book.  Something to think about, I am just concerned about your ability to manage more complex deals without some resource availability.  I think you have to feel pretty good about the LM position first.  Something to think about?  Regards Delainey 
 How could coal fired QF's play into your and George's strategy?  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, thanks for the update - I am assuming that you will come up with $23M Cdn ($16M USD) - "highly likely" with PML.  We do not have recorded in the financial statements the $8M Cdn in done deals - you may want to look into that.  We need the money to show up given every other Enron group is flaking - bail me out my friend!  Regards Delainey 
 George, it is probably worth  speaking to them about the US assets - probably the smaller Virginia sites which are probably less core and may be great brownfield sites. I'm not sure we would have an interest in UK coal fired assets. I would speak to Sherriff on that one. However, I would caution that real value is created through RAPID brownfield development leveraging on Enron's development, electricity, coal and emissions talents.  For ComEd and Homer City, Mission has already paid up for these assets based on gas being on the margin.  Now that was before a lot of the run up so it may be worthwhile; however, I think it may be difficult to arb these guys. As well, I think it may be difficult to get the asset out of them - I'm not sure that they can turn their strategy or show a loss this quickly from a Wall Street point of view.  We should probably take a shot at the smaller probably less core Virginia assets. Are they in QF, if so there may be upside in the deal from Duran's point of view..  Dave, given the rise in gas prices and gas being on the margin for a larger part of the load curve, coal assets or coal QF's may be great assets for us from a restructuring and power asset (expansion/brownfield) point of view. Have we looked at this?  Are there many in the market?  Regards Delainey 
 Steve, please call Jeff and go through in detail how we got to our valuation of approximately $39 M.  Please ensure that this is a reasonable facsimile of value that ENA would accreate over the short to medium term assuming your continued management.  Let me know where you end up.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, I don't believe the offer I showed you of $39 M is unreasonable. In fact the team had recommended $42 M based on a number of measures.  I see the 6X multiple of annualized Q2 earnings as one of the best measures of the potential value of this company.  I don't see it in the best interests of Enron to be transferring assets below a reasonable market value between business units.  You can trust that I will be keeping the Energy Capital Resources team's feet to the fire on the realization of this value if you do not purchase the company.  If you and Steve can come up with a better indication of value, I will support that transaction.  Regards Delainey 
 Rick, looks like a good start - as per our discussion, this is a very important issue.  Janet, please assist on the UI front if necessary.  Regards Delainey 
 Thanks - -  I'm looking at August 28.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I am now asking for  August 28, 2000.  Thanks,  Kay 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 Well, we have a slight problem.  Mark has just replied to my memo and he will not be in Houston on that date.  Could we make it for August 28, 2000 ?  Thanks,  Kay  3-0643    Enron North America Corp. 
 Dave and Mark have asked me to arrange a meeting, QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream Origination, and I would like to know if August 22, 2000 from 1:00 - 5:00 pm will work for all of you?  Thank you in advance for your promt attention to this matter.   Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Ray, if Mark does not have any other comments - lets go ahead and send the memo out ASAP.  Regards Delainey 
 Lou, are there concerns that I am not aware?  From an economic point of view, it is clearly not in our interest to aggregate residential or small customers who have retail choice; however, standard office service (like the UI deal) is clearly a customized, wholesale/all -requirements sale of significant size negotiated with the utility and the puc.  Regards Delainey 
 Please mark you calendar to reflect the following:   Date:  August 14,  2000 Monday  Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm  Location: 3321  Topic:  Industrial QBR   I apologize for any any inconvenience this may have caused. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me.  Thanks  Kay 3-0643 
 Due to a conflict with Dave and Mark's calendars I need move the East Midstream QBR to Tuesday August 15, 2000.   Date:  August 15, 2000 Tuesday  Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm  Location: 3321  Topic:  East Midstream QBR    Please mark your calendar and plan to attend. I am extremely apologetic for any inconvenience this may have caused.   Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Guys, we need to figure this out in the next couple weeks.  John do you want to take a stab based on manager, director and VP rankings? Regards Delainey 
 Guys, any interest?  Regards Delainey 
 On the fee, let Mike manage he knows my thoughts.  Regards Delainey 
 Ray, couple of comments: a) Donahue is responsible for the portfolio management function but also incorporate the idea of Jeff being responsible for ENA's "capital book" (ie) managing existing deals and intimately involved in conjunction with Treasury and the various origination groups of which finance transactions get or don't get on our books; b) Has Fastow clearly put Defner in the ENA Treasurer role? - if so we should also mention this in the note; c) Chuck Ward ( Generation Investments); Don Miller ( Merchant Generation); and d) with regard to commodity structuring ensure it is clear that they will facilitate and structure the highest priority/value transactions across the organization even though they report to Janet (ie) they don't just work on East Origination deals.  Let me see the final before release. Make sure Mark is on side.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, this looks great - looking forward to seeing your final thoughts.  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, scheduling this is a nightmare - if Ben can't make it you can cover.  Thanks Dave 
 Thanks Mike - great job on the 2000's and the recovery at Doyle.  Lets together once the accounting is completed and determine what is appropriate in fee to pay.  Regards Delainey 
 Laura, I would like to congratulate you and your group on a very successful quarter. Hats off to the team!!  Let me know how I can help.  Please forward to your organization as appropriate.  Regards Delainey 
 FYI - action is required.  Regards Delainey 
 Shawn, go ahead and give Dave a call to discuss strategy, resources and approach.  Regards Delainey 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 Due to a conflict with Dave and Mark's calendars I need move the East Midstream QBR to Monday August 14, 2000.    Date:  August 14, 2000  Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm  Location: 3321  Topic:  East Midstream QBR    Please mark your calendar and plan to attend. I am extremely apologetic for any inconvenience this may have caused.   Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 This memo will confirm our dinner meeting to be held August 2, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill:  DATE:   August 2, 2000 PLACE:   The Wine Room River Oaks Grill 2630 Westheimer 713/520-1738 TIME:    6:30 PM   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (3X0643) or Beverly (5X7857).  I will look forward to seeing you there. 
 ?????????? 
 Sounds great!! Regards Delainey 
 I agree with Jeff - we need to have a more concrete plan and capability. Let me know what you want me to do.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, what exactly do you want Craig going to be doing?  Please forward a job scope for Jen and Craig.  Then I will speak with Max if appropriate. I apologize but we have spoken about a lot of different scopes - it would be helpful to start from a scope on a piece of paper that we both agree upon. Just e-mail.  Thanks Jeff.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, this is the real deal - we need to be ahead of this!!!  How are we making out on acquiring brownfield sites and formulating a strategy?  Regards Delainey 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 Rob can you give Om a call.  Regards Delainey 
 The following meeting has been arranged.  Please note your calenders and plan to attend.    Date:  August 15,  2000  Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm  Location: 3321  Topic:  Industrial QBR  Thanks  Kay 3-0643 
 Thank you for your prompt response.  I have arranged the following time and date for the East Midstream QBR:   Date:  August 16, 2000  Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm  Location: 3321  Topic:  East Midstream QBR    Please mark your calendar and plan to attend.   Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Dave and Mark asked me to set up a three (3) hour meeting regarding Industrial QBR.  Would August 15th, from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm work for everyone? If so, please mark your calendar and RSVP to Kay Chapman.  Thanks,  Kay  3-0643 
 Kay, why are we waiting to the end of August!!  Regards Delainey 
 Dave and Mark  would like to have a three (3) hour meeting regarding QBR and they have the following dates available.  Could you please let me know your availability  for these dates ?   August   15 -  Tuesday August    16 -  Wednesday August    17 -  Thursday August    18 -   Friday  August     21 - Monday August     22 - Tuesday August     23 - Wednesday  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Jeff, have you finalized how Jenn and Craig will split out the industrial segments? They should also come up with their business plans and a reporting matrix similar to what you are doing with the desks.  How are you making out at the desk level in implementing our previous discussions with Scott and the remainder of the desks?  Regards Delainey 
 Ronnie, this sounds like good news.  I think the project team managed the #1 turbine problem heroically.  Talk to you soon.  Regards Delainey 
 Rick , good result in California so far -  what is the status of our plan for New England ICAP issues?  Regards Delainey 
 Eric, this looks good.  Regards Delainey 
 Shawn, if you are in - I would like you to work with Dave Duran on this item.  He currently manages the ENA IPP group and the QF Restructuring Group. I would like to manage this under Dave and your leadership.  He has created a lot of businesses and value in ENA over the years and can help.  Let me know  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, I want to see the final costs before determining.  My understanding is that there is still significant expenses outstanding.  Regards Delainey 
 Mark, noted - early in the process.  regards delainey 
 kay please schedule  regards delainey 
 Waiting for the number and rationale.  I will get back to you shortly.  Regards Delainey 
 Steve, please provide me a reasonable offer on the C-Gas asset.  Please provide rationale for economics.  As per our earlier discussion.  Regards Delainey 
 THERE will NOT be a Friday Meeting July 7, 2000.   Date:  Friday July 7, 2000  Time:  Location:  Topic:    NO MEETING DUE TO PRC    Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Guys, as a follow up to our meeting today, I thought I would put together a list of deliverables agreed to in the meeting.  The goal would be to have a definitive strategy for HPL and storage assets by the end of July that could be acted upon.  a) Elimination of the Entex contract - current value - John L.; b) Storage value algorithm incorporating spread values, increasing intra-day and monthly volatility and blowdown values - Jean M, John L, Jim S.; c) Storage acquisition targets and issues surrounding value/execution - top 5 to 10 for blowdown and tarantula strategy - Jean M, Julie G.; d) Structure, value, cost and issues surrounding Bammel "header" - Jean M.; e) Project Torque - definitive balance sheet, income statement and contribution margin statement for HPL - Wes C.; f) Establish viability of selling HPL assets - small private placement - working with Lehman to finalize value, exection risk, timing, structure et al - Patrick   W.  I would like this group to get back together in the fourth week of July to determine a final action plan.  Regards Delainey 
 Max, congrats on the Decero PPA - we need to wrestle up another 100 to 200 MW.  This should be a priority given the profit potential of this deal as per Oz and Doug (+50M in 2000).  Is there an ability to let Sabine or Irvin run with Vitro and get your attention on this item asap.  I know that the Monterrey project is eating into your time.  Do we need to augment your resources?  On a different note, the current Monterrey control budget is showing a $5.3M negative variance from the original control budget.  Is this accurate?  Does this reduce the profitability or is it absorbed by the PPA's?  Regards Delainey 
 Kay please forward to Max Yzaguirre.  Max, congrats on the Decero PPA - we need to wrestle up another 100 to 200 MW.  This should be a priority given the profit potential of this deal as per Oz and Doug (+50M in 2000).  Is there an ability to let Sabine or Irvin run with Vitro and get your attention on this item asap.  I know that the Monterrey project is eating into your time.  Do we need to augment your resources?  On a different note, the current Monterrey control budget is showing a $5.3M negative variance from the original control budget.  Is this accurate?  Does this reduce the profitability or is it absorbed by the PPA's?  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, there is quite a number of us dealing with this problem - what are our solutions?  Could we have a corporate jet available for folks stuck in the A&A PRC? Other?  Regards Delainey 
 Scott, sounds great!! Can't wait for the next one.  Regards Delainey 
 Following is the agenda for the July 7 ENA PRC meeting at the  Doubletree Hotel, Granger B room:   8:00-9:00am    Talent Discussion  9:00-9:30am    Review Performance Distribution below Vice President  9:30-10:00     Review promotion recommendations, Manager and above only  10:00am-??   Preview Vice Presidents as follows (all are to  be preranked): Technical Specialized Technical Commercial Support Commercial  Please feel free to contact Cindy Skinner, X30693 or David Oxley, X33557 regarding any questions. 
 NO STAFF MEETING TODAY, JUNE 30, 2000 HAPPY  HOLIDAY  This is a reminder !!!!!  There will NOT be a Friday Meeting June 30, 2000.   Date:  Friday June 30, 2000  Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm  Location: 30C1  Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting     If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) or Bev (3-7857).  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Mary, I'm just curious why you need that info but it is 0 outside Enron comp plans.  Regards Delainey 
 This is a reminder !!!  If you haven't taken the time to update your GIS information, please do so.  It is essential that this function be performed as soon as possible. Please read the following memo sent to you a few days ago and if you have any questions regarding this request, please feel free to call Ted Bland @ 3-5275.  With Enron's rapid growth we need to maintain an ability to move employees between operating companies and new ventures.  To do this it is essential to have one process that will enable us to collect , update and retain employee data.  In the spirit of One Enron, and building on the success of the year-end Global VP/MD Performance Review Process, the  Enron VP/MD PRC requests that all Enron Vice Presidents and Managing Directors update their profiles. Current responsibilities, employment history, skills and education need to be completed  via the HR Global Information System.  HRGIS is accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  Just go to hrweb.enron.com and look for the HRGIS link.  Or just type eglobal.enron.com on the command line of your browser.  The target date by which to update these profiles is 7 July.  If you would like to have a hard copy of a template that could be filled out and returned for input, or If you need any assistance with the HRGIS application please contact Kathy Schultea at x33841.  Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated.   Thanks,   Dave 
 Jim, I agree - lets put a plan in place to ensure appropriate representation at these ISO's (not unlike PAC) and ensure that FERC is not abdicating their responsibilities.  The three of us probably need to get together and discuss tactics around a number of issues.  Jim, I am also curious where you are in your thoughts and plans given your new role.  Regards Delainey 
 Folks, you are the remaining officers of ENA that have not yet enrolled in this mandated training program.  It is ENA's goal to have all its officers through the program before the end of calendar year 2000.  The course has received very high marks for effectiveness.  Please take time now to enroll in the program. Speak to your HR representative if you need help getting signed up.  Regards Delainey 
 Ed, sounds like you have this handled - I would like to use your report as the example to use in other groups.  It can wait until you have it all completed.  You may want to think about EOL as well (ie) how many companies have you brought on-line, etc.  summary: - coverage metrics; - market iniatives; - completed deals; - hot list; - EOL metrics.  Thxs Delainey 
 Guys, what is the contingency plan to manage these outages in the event we can't manage this as effectively in future situations?  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, your teams did a great job managing a very difficult situation with very few material effects to the organization.  It is noticed and appreciated please pass on to your organization if you feel appropriate.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, good job with the California issues - we didn't get everything but we managed the position in a very effective manner.  Jim, given our view to support the growth of the ISO structures as a necessary evil and given the socio-political leaning of these entities, should we be more actively or aggressively supporting or nominating directors on these boards?  Jim/Rick, we need a full court press on this NEPool ICAP issue - Allegretti is putting plan in place.  Regards Delainey 
 Nella, sorry to see you go; however, best of luck in all your future endeavours.  Regards Delainey 
 Don, in my opinion options 1 & 2 are the same and 3 is not an option.  I would like to provide an outsourcing deal that earns us fees and provides information.  We will manage the internal issues.  A properly priced and scoped term outsourcing deal should be doable.  Please speak with Sally Beck and Beth Perleman.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, as per our discussion, I am assuming that the upstream group will provide gross margin (not including trading) of $30.7M net of the HPL compressor writedown of $3.0M.  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, thanks for the note -  I have you down for a firm incremental $3.875 M net to Enron.  Regards Delainey 
 Sorry about the confusion.  Fran Mayes will be sending a memo out in the next day or so reflecting the times of the PRC.  In order to accommodate Dave's meeting with all you and to include Mark Frevert we had to move the time of the PRC from 8:00 am to 11:00 am.  The ONLY thing changed was the time, the date and place remain the same.  Again, I am sorry for the confusion and I hope this helps.  If you have any question, please feel free to call me.   Thanks,  Kay 
 Greg, it is really up to you - if you have other things to do don't worry about it.  Regards Delainey 
 Ken, in response to your note, I am not aware of any official dialogue with Mr. Kase Lawal about a potential sale of Mariner or with the economics of the aborted IPO.  His $250 M valuation may have been appropriate 12 to 18 months ago.  However, Mariner has enjoyed a series of successful wells that are expected to be booked in reserve reports next March not to mention significant increases in gas and oil prices.  Our current valuations, in the $600M range is a stretch target but not incredibly out of line given reserve growth and current energy prices.  Our current goal, is to be able to demonstrate three to four quarters of increasing operating cashflow and reserves growth before attempting a private sale mid next year to a significant E&P concern that desires an offshore division.  The concentration, operating and exploration risk implicit in Mariner make it a very poor IPO candidate ((ie) I'm not sure that an IPO was ever a viable strategy to maximize the exit value).  I would recommend that we not meet to make the following points: a) Mariner is not on the market at this point in time and b)  his un-solicited offer does not warrant serious attention.  Otherwise, we would be glad to speak to him in the future if we decide to sell tha asset.  I hope this meets with your approval.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, we are getting close to completing the quarter, the following gross margin is expected from each of these groups before the end of the week.  If there is any issue of any type please give me or Wes a call. If there are any upsides to these numbers please let us know as well.  East Origination  $1.000 M West Origination $9.086 M (inclusive of all QF fair value) Industrial (incl trading) $12.899 M Generation Invest $45.350 M (including fair value and accretion on ECP) ENA Upstream  $41.112 M (including Sithe earnings plus HPL, LRC and upstream origination) Coal   $4.161 M Canada  $11.50 M  Equity Portfolio  Current MPR for quarter ($26.786M) (large positions - moves with market) plus an additional writedown of ($279K) equivalent to $27.5 M less ECP and West QF earnings listed above minus $10M.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, sounds great.  Regards Delainey 
 With Enron's rapid growth we need to maintain an ability to move employees between operating companies and new ventures.  To do this it is essential to have one process that will enable us to collect , update and retain employee data.  In the spirit of One Enron, and building on the success of the year-end Global VP/MD Performance Review Process, the  Enron VP/MD PRC requests that all Enron Vice Presidents and Managing Directors update their profiles. Current responsibilities, employment history, skills and education need to be completed  via the HR Global Information System.  HRGIS is accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  Just go to hrweb.enron.com and look for the HRGIS link.  Or just type eglobal.enron.com on the command line of your browser.  The target date by which to update these profiles is 7 July.  If you would like to have a hard copy of a template that could be filled out and returned for input, or If you need any assistance with the HRGIS application please contact Kathy Schultea at x33841.     Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated. 
 Guys, we are set up for a meeting with the ENA Office of the Chairman to discuss ENA's generation strategy and iniatives for Thursday, July 6 th from 7:30AM to 11:00 AM.  The purpose of the meeting is to get buy -off on the strategy and start the approval process (DASH and Board/Skilling) specifically for Moore, LV Cogen and Pastoria.  Proposed Agenda:  a) Overview - overall map - current turbine book  b) West:   Calger/Parquet -  Pastoria - DASH and approvals; - LV Cogen - DASH and approvals; - Coyote Springs - one page update - fyi; - PSCo - one page update - fyi; - other - few pages on future development strategy in west - fyi and approvals;  c) Canada:  Milnthorp/LeDain - Project Moore - DASH and approvals; - other - few pages on future development strategy in Canada - fyi and approvals;  d) East:   Dietrich/Jacoby - Austin Energy - one page update - fyi; - Florida project - overall proposal - many pages necessary to get approval - fyi and approvals; - LIPA - one page update - fyi; - Linden 6 - one page update - fyi; - other - few pages on future development strategy in east - fyi and approvals;  e) Mexico   Yzaguirre - Monterrey project - couple page update - fyi;  f) Genco   Miller - overview on "Genco" strategy - fyi.  Regards Delainey 
 Thxs Greg 
 Bill, how are we making out on the credit reviews for some of these customers where Fred has waived his objection?  Regards Delainey 
 Sounds promising - keep it moving.  Regards Delainey 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 Forgot one:  - Austin Energy - 06/01.  Thxs Delainey 
 Guys, please come up with a plan to meet Ben's requirements.  The key sites/jobs for 2001/2002 include: - florida - several sites - 06/01; - LV Cogen - early '02; - Project Moore (Ontario) - 06/01; - Pastoria - early '03'; - Monterrey - early '02; -Coyote - early '02; - LIPA barge deal - '01; - possibly - Lousiana - 06/01.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys can you give me a view on Q4 earnings ie) deals and value.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, makes sense. How does this change our view on Moore?  egards Delainey 
 Bob, I know that you made this work !!  This recovery plan is exceptional.  Regards Delainey 
 Rick, in the interest of preserving trees and keeping the information reasonably controlled, I would distribute this to senior managment and the portfolio managers in each origination group responsible for each investment.  Portfolio Managers  Steve Pruett - Energy Capital Resources - (E&P) Chuck Ward - Generation Investments Chris Helfrick - Industrials and Coal Michael Miller - Principal Investing Richard Lydecker - Restructuring Ray Bowen - CTG Andrea Reed - CTG Wes Colwell - Controller Jordan Mintz - Tax  Management  Jeff Skilling Joe Sutton Mark Frevert Dave Delainey   I don't think we need to distribute this data farther.  The business unit heads in the finance origination groups can access their portfolio manager for the data if needed.  Regards Delainey 
 This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting June 23, 2000.   Date:  Friday June 23, 2000  Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm  Location: 30C1  Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting     If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) or Bev (3-7857).  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 You know what - I agree!!  Don't let it go to your head.  Dave 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 PRC is just around the corner and Dave has not been provided the accomplishment/self evaluation from some of you. This serves as a reminder to please provide Dave with a list of accomplishments/self evaluation for the past six (6) months as soon as possible.  Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call Kay  3-0643.   Thanks,  Kay 
 that is correct thxs dave 
 I am sending out a second confirmation due to the additional attendees.  Dan Leff and Randy Maffett will be calling in.  This is to confirm the monthly Industrials meeting for Thursday June 22, 2000 at 1:00 pm.   Date:  June 22, 2000 Thursday  Time:  1:00 pm  Location: EB 3316  Topic:  Industrials   If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to call me at 853-0643.   Thanks,  Kay 
 This is a reminder to please have your calendar marked for Friday July 7, 2000, for the ENA VP PRC Pre-Ranking Meeting. The meeting will be held at the DoubleTree (Granger B) from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm.  If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.  Irma Alvarez will be following up with invitations that will have detailed information within the next few days.   Thanks,   Kay  3-0643 
 Jean, can you give me an update on Q4 from an earnings point of view ie) deals and value.  Regards Delainey 
 Ok 
 Just a reminder - please mark your calendars:  This memo will confirm our dinner meeting to be held June 21, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill  DATE    June 21, 2000 PLACE   Wine Room River Oaks Grill 2630 Westheimer 713/520-1738 TIME    6:30 PM    If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857)  I will look forward to seeing you there. 
 Guys, please attend if available.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, lets try to get consensus in how the east desk might work and then discuss next steps at that point.  thanks  Regards Delainey 
 This is to confirm the monthly Industrials meeting for Thursday June 22, 2000 at 1:00 pm.   Date:  June 22, 2000 Thursday  Time:  1:00 pm  Location: EB 3316  Topic:  Industrials   If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to call me at 853-0643.   Thanks,  Kay 
 Wes, expense the amortization to Office of the Chairman not West Power or Origination.  Regards Delainey 
 Joe, thanks for the assistance.  We have a few items still outstanding on the Doyle (Georgia PPA with Ogelthorpe) unit; however, It looks like we have the '99 and '00 plants completed.  The 2001 program is much smaller.  I will follow up shortly.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I will forward the info as it becomes available.  There appears to be one project in Texas and one in California which are well down the development road.  If interested in these projects, which have to meet a December 2001 COD in order to get the tax credit, I would suggest that we purchase the development sites and turbines from Enron Wind and keep the asset, commodity position, tax credit and possible green credits in ENA. They are Ok with that strategy.  This is an opportuntity that needs to fleshed out fairly quickly - Ben and Dave can you lead this analysis with close contact with Doug and Tim on the desk.  We can get together to discuss if you like.  Regards Delainey 
 Tim, my understanding is that partnership fee (the $11.0M) has been amortized for the last several years and expensed to the Industrial groups (McConville and Ondarza).  As you are aware, I sued them for breach.  The settlement involved the elimination of all existing transactions between Ft. James and Enron including the Wauna and Halsey power contracts.  It is my understanding that the benefit of the elimination of those shorts resides in the Portland shop.   The elimination of the shorts would not have occurred without the lawsuit on the alliance and the settlement I originated.  It seemed logical to charge the Portland office with the remaining un-amortized fee of $1.8M as a cost of eliminating the shorts for no cost and no future contingent liability.  Lets discuss.  Regards Delainey 
 rodney, are you managing and coordinating these reference requests for ENA to EES?  I think that these requests need to be highly controlled into the EES organization at a high level and screened by you as being necessary or not.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an orig point of view ie) deals and value.  Regards Delainey 
 I believe this has been handled appropriately; however, FYI.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, as a follow up to our meeting - the deliverables include:  a) producer team - Jones/Polzin - one live deal/prospect from the producer sector for the insurance product in third quarter; b) power team - Duran/Overdyke - one live deal/prospect from the IPP sector for the insurance product in the third quarter.  Thanks  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, as a follow up to our mtg - the following deliverables were agreed to:  a) CMS/Noxtech deal structure - outsource product - McClellan/Affelt - next week; b) ERC strategy in California - McGowan- couple weeks; c) fundamental analysis completion on California, NE and MW - McGowan - ongoing; d) regulatory support for SO2 and NOX - George to speak to Genelle; Delainey speaks to Shapiro/Kean.  Regards Delainey 
 This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting June 16, 2000.   Date:  Friday June 16, 2000  Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm  Location: 30C1  Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting     If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) or Bev (3-7857).  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 please handle  regards delainey 
 Ray, I am ok with Nick and his group managing if Redmond/Mrha are ok.  Like Rebox, whoever is technically responsible is highly accountable to ensure that reporting and procedures are correctly followed and that the project comes in on time, budget and technically works.   In this capacity, I would like that engineer to report to you or Wayne Mays.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, what is your current thought process on TXU? Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I am getting the impression that we are having quality control issues - it just sounds sloppy?  Am I wrong?  Do we need more focused resources?  Regards Delainey 
 Gary, I have not heard much more on this issue - are you ok with this?  Regards Delainey 
 Sorry Mike wrong address 
 Where did he rank against other folks at the super saturday?  I would argue that if he was in the top 30%, we should accomodate his need.  regards delainey 
 Guys, the project should be charged market based rates and ENA is not in the business of subsidizing international projects.  This is particularily the case if we are not going to hold a continued interest in the project.  However, if we can not reach a term O&M agreement please maintain the optionality in the project by managing the facility on a direct bill basis to APACHI until they find an alternative provider. Do not in any event abandon any assets at any time.  Regards Delainey 
 I think Jean is gong to be there - thats ok.  Regards Delainey 
 Please follow up with this person if interested.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, I would like to discuss this with you and your plans in gas.  Regards Delainey 
 Tim, in the east power group and the gas groups, we are trying to build a mid-market capability(deal flow, information and coverage) consistent with the largest energy merchant in N.A..  Please see tha attached.  I would be curious to talk to you about your structure, coverage functions and market building iniatives.  I recognize that you and your group have been the most effective and proactive group in these areas for some time.  Is there areas where we could be more aggressive or proactive?  Can I get you more resources to cover the market more aggresively?  Lets discuss.  Regards Delainey 
 Ed, this looks great!!!!  Please ensure that the focus is on coverage, deal flow and building markets. I want to avoid two groups hunting strategic elephants (ie) east origination and development so ensure the scope is consistent with mid-market coverage and feeding the desk deals and info.   In the case of building or purchasing assets please let Jacoby's group handle.  Any deal or lead that significantly disrupts coverage or takes you or your people out of the market please pass or coordinate with origination or development  There is bound to be some conflict between the strategic origination groups and you - please keep to a minimum and resolve in a manner consistent with one team and doing the right thing.  Please provide John and I a monthly report of customer transactions completed, coverage plans and "market building iniatives".  Let me know how I can assist in any way in recruiting or transactions.  Regards Delainey 
 What about Barry and Eric? This looks good.  regards Delainey 
 Guys, I suggest that we write it down in order to ensure that we don't get it back as other groups use up the Raptor capacity. We have sufficient market data points to do this.  Please advise.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, lets get together to get final resolution to these issues including the peaker fee asap.  Regards Delainey 
 Don, with regard to your previous message please contact Michael.  Regards Delainey 
 please approve in system 
 Ben, don't do anything at this point.  It is not needed.  Regards Delainey 
 ???? Regards Delainey 
 OK 
 Due to a conflict, this meeting has been rescheduled.   Please make a note of the new time as follows:   Date:    June 15, 2000  Time:    10:30 am to 12:00 pm  Place:   EB 3314  Subject:   Emissions  If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, please feel free to call me.  Thanks,  Bev 
 Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:   Date:  June 13, 2000  Time:  1:00 pm to 2:30 pm  Place: EB 3314  Subject: Emissions   If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, please feel free to call me  Thanks Bev 
 Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:   Date:  June 13, 2000  Time:  10:00 am - 11:00 am  Place:  EB 3314  Subject: Transmissions  If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, please feel free to call me.  Thanks Bev 
 Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:   Date:  June 15, 2000  Time:  3:00 pm - 4:30 pm  Place:  3314  Subject: Insurance   If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, please feel free to call me.   Thanks,  Kay 
 yes 
 ???? Delainey 
 This memo will confirm our dinner meeting to be held June 21, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill  DATE    June 21, 2000 PLACE   Wine Room River Oaks Grill 2630 Westheimer 713/520-1738 TIME    6:30 PM    If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857)  I will look forward to seeing you there. 
 Guys, we are working to put together the final team to manage this issue; however, it isJeff Skilling's call to keep Delainey, Milnthorp and Keohane out of the day to day fray on this issue.  I believe this is the right call. Commercial and legal resources from Houston will manage this issue on a go forward basis and may call on you as a resource if needed from time to time. You have done a very great job managing this issue to date and your efforts on that front are much appreciated.  Our focus should return to growing the business and meeting our financial targets.  Peter, I believe that Mark H. would like you to stay involved through the Friday conference call that is scheduled.  Regards Delainey 
 Mark, you have this one! Regards Delainey 
 Meeting with Janet Dietrich, Dave Fairley, Billy Lemmons, Jeff Hodge regarding Duke L & G 
 Don, lets hang tough for a day or two.  Nothing needed for Cinergy.  Regards Delainey 
 kay,please approve in the PEP system.  thanks Dave 
 Please note the Change: ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting -July 7    =20   As we move into the Spring/Summer of 2000, it is time to turn our attention= =20 to the performance review process.  Mid-year is always busy and we have a= =20 number of important tasks and projects in process.  While recognizing this,= =20 it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gath= er=20 necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our=20 employees, as well as utilize this information during the year end review= =20 process.  In the spirit of One Enron, the Performance Review Process (PRC) will be=20 global for Mid-year 2000.  Vice Presidents and above across all operating= =20 companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with=20 identical criteria.   ENA will review all professional level and above=20 employees.  The timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined = at=20 the end of this memo.  Your HR Business Consultant is also available to=20 answer questions.  With regards to the Global Functions, review sessions will be led by the=20 Global and/or Corporate Functional heads, and will be designed to calibrate= =20 personnel within these areas of expertise.  The Global Functional Review=20 Areas include:  _ NetWorks/Technology _ Accounting _ RAC _ Finance _ Human Resources _ Public Relations & Reg Affairs=09G. Whalley =09R. Causey =09R.  Buy =09A. Fastow =09C. Olson =09S. Kean =20 ENA Mid-Year Process:  ENA has received favorable feedback on the review process used for Mid-year= =20 and Year-end 1999, and as such, will follow the same general guidelines and= =20 process for Mid-year 2000.  The following are key features of the Mid-year= =20 2000 process:  o The focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects,= =20 as opposed to quantitative.  Toward this end, communication of the employee= =01,s=20 explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manage= r. o Initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments, are= =20 highly encouraged, prior to the Business Review Meetings. o Mid-year performance results will be used as baseline performance=20 information for Year-end 2000. o Creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups. =20 o Standardization of criteria for all peer groups. o   Utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale. =20 o All exempt employees will be discussed at Business Review Meetings and=20 placed into one of six categories by peer group.  ENA VP's will be pre-rank= ed=20 by the ENA Office of the Chairman and Managing Directors prior to the Enron= =20 PRC.  Non-exempt (overtime eligible) employees will be evaluated by their= =20 supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories.  The results of the=20 Business Review Meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees=20 below VP, subject to ENA Office of the Chairman. o A minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be=20 required at the Business Review Meetings.  The meetings should otherwise be= =20 rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place.  The= =20 nominated individuals are illustrated below. o The top 5 HR priorities/challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at t= he=20 Business Review Meetings. o Analysts and Associates will be pre-reviewed in a Business Review Meeting= s=20 based on their current rotation, then cross-calibrated at the Enron Global= =20 Analyst and Associate Business Review Meeting.  Peer Groups:  Commercial Commercial Support Technical Specialized Technical  Performance Criteria (for all peer groups):  Innovation/Entrepreneurship Communication/Setting Direction Teamwork/Interpersonal Leadership/Vision/Values=20 Business Instinct Analytical/Technical  Guidelines:  o Use of multiple sources of input is encouraged (employee, peers, direct= =20 reports, internal customers, external customers), as is a self-evaluation o Employees should recommend 5-10 reviewers to Supervisor and Supervisor=20 should select at least three of the employee=01,s recommendations o All feedback must be entered via the Performance Management System locate= d=20 on the intranet o Supervisor should consolidate the feedback, prepare a draft of the=20 Performance Review form and meet with the employee prior to the Business=20 Review meeting o Final feedback to exempt employee follows the July 7th meeting o For VP's & MD's, final feedback follows the Enron Executive Committee=20 Meeting  Business Review Meetings / VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting=20 Responsibilities / Actions:  The following list represents suggested groups and the individuals=20 responsible for each Business Review Meeting.  Attendees at the meetings ar= e=20 appropriate Supervisors within the Business Unit.  In addition, the Office = of=20 the Chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level=20 representatives from other Business Units to add external perspective.   Area/Function=09ENA Lead=09Global/Functional Lead*=09Required Non-functiona= l  Attendees =09=09=09 COMMERCIAL=09=09=09 =09=09=09 Trading=09Presto=09=09Dietrich =09Shankman=09=09Calger =09Lavorato=09=09Bowen =09McClellan=09=09Ajello =09Hickerson=09=09Delainey =09Belden=09=09 =09=09=09 Origination=09Redmond=09=09Shankman =09Dietrich=09=09McClellan =09Milnthorp=09=09Belden =09Calger=09=09Presto =09Donahue=09=09Delainey =09Bowen=09=09Lavorato =09Ajello=09=09 =09Duran=09=09 =09Ondarza=09=09 =09Malcolm=09=09 =09Overdyke=09=09 =09Thompson/Josey=09=09 =09Yzaguirre=09=09 =09=09=09 Finance(*)=09Jakubik=09Fastow=09 =09=09=09 COMMERCIAL SUPPORT=09=09=09 TECHNICAL  =09=09=09 SPECIALIZED TECHNICAL=09=09=09 =09=09=09 Legal=09Haedicke=09=09 Research=09Kaminski=09=09 RAC=09Buy=09=09 Technical=09Miller/Parquet=09=09 =09=09=09 Energy Operations (*)=09Beck=09Causey=09Colwell =09=09=09Oxley =09=09=09 Business Analysis & Reporting/Tax (*)=09Colwell=09Causey=09Beck =09Mintz=09=09 =09=09=09 Human Resources (*)=09Oxley=09Olson=09 =09=09=09 Public Relations (*)=09Palmer=09Kean=09 =09=09=09 NetWorks/Technology (*)=09Perlman=09Whalley/McConnell=09  (*) Note:  Global Functional Review meetings to be held for these areas.  ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee:  Ray Bowen=09Mark Frevert=09Dan Leff (non ENA rep)=09David Oxley Dave Delainey=09Brian Redmond=09George McClellan=09Mark Haedicke Janet Dietrich=09Julia Murray=09Jeff Shankman=09Gary Hickerson Jeff Donahue=09Jere Overdyke=09Marty Sunde (non ENA rep)=09John Lavorato  Outcomes of Business Review Meetings/ VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meetings:  o Calibration of employees into six gradations=20 o Promotion nominations below VP o Assessment of  the =01&right people in the right jobs=018 o Assessment of gaps for what is needed in the Business Unit (skills,=20 capabilities, training, experience) o Top five HR challenges o Feedback to employees on the results of the meetings, as applicable  Timeline EP System Open for Feedback    May 17=20 PEP System Closes for Feedback    June 9=20 Feedback Collection/Initial Employee    May 17-June 12 Discussions  =20 Global Functional Review Meetings   June 12-June 16 ENA Business Review Meetings    June 12-July 25 ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting  July 7 Enron Executive Committee meeting   July 31-Aug. 1 
 Jeff, can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American energy markets (very high energy prices, stretched infrastructure, etc) and determine which game changing or altering technologies, business models or existing corporate positions that will benefit from such price and volatility levels.  In particular, I think that Miller should take a look at coal gasification technologies, emissions technologies and DSM/efficiency technologies and how these investments may fit in the charter or our overall business.  As well, from a corporate development point of view which parts of the value chain ie) IPP, E&P, utility, assets, etc are undervalued given current commodity curves and expectations.  Can you get back to me with a few ideas in the next week or so - maybe it would help to go pick a few brains in various ENA orgs as part of your process.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, why would it cost $450 to $470/kw for the Moore project?  It is a 4 unit ABB configuration and the turbine costs appear to be in line with Wilton 7EA's on a kw basis. 
 Rob,this deal is not dead; I am primarly waiting on NEPCO numbers.  You should be moving down the road on the deconstruction, refurbishment and movement of the NB machines.   You should also be doing any development work (permits, interconnection agreements et al) you need to do to maintain the optionality of this project (let me know if the expenses get above $1MM).  Randy, please facilitate. Mike, can we put the screws to ABB given the significant transformer business we forwarded their way?  Laura, we probably need to make a call on the Peoples turbine pretty soon.  Eric/Rob, I think we need to see the project with IDC come in  between 350 to 400/kw to be viable or I need a very detailed analysis of why it costs significantly more than a Frame 7 machine in the US markets.  I would like see us make this work.  Regards Delainey 
 This is great - please update and forward weekly. Regards Delainey 
 Eric, I am on the road - I really don't have much to say. We have had very little interaction.  Regards Delainey 
 Good job - Randy.   Live to fight another day - I don't know if you know but I settled with Fort James - we ripped up all three contracts for no money that netted us approximately $15M in value through the elimination of the two power contracts in the NW.  Wertz was on the other side.  Thought you might want to know.  Thanks Delainey 
 This is great Rob!  Regards Delainey 
 This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting, June 2, 2000.  Date:  Friday June 2, 2000  Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm  Location: 30C1  Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting     If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) or Bev (3-7857).  Thanks,  Kay 3-0643 
 Rodney, please give Cliff a call.  I spoke with him today.  He will handle. Please fill him in on your discussions to date.  Thanks Delainey 
 Eric, we need more than $2M saving to get this deal to clear the hurdle.  I think we need to get to $350 to $400/kw firm including IDC to make this viable.  Please ensure that NEPCO is working to figure out the disconnect.  Regards Delainey 
 Dick , I appreciate the effort on the Moore project - I would hope that there is more than a $2m saving in the scope.  This plant is still showing $460 to $470/Kw given current economics.  I am still puzzled by this.  Regards Delainey 
 Dave, I am going to send Shawn your way - he has extensive development, asset and project finance experience.  I would like him under your supervision to manage our coal power development strategy - like we discussed it could be a very robust strategy with multiple exit points.  I strongly believe that coal needs to come back into the stack and that the existing development teams (Parquet & Jacoby) are already buried under mid-stream gas development opportunities.  This would incorporate acquisitions, development, technology,  asset sales, emissions credits & technology, fuel supply and power sales.  Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative.  Regards Delainey 
 John, great job!  Please, work with Jeff to move the longer term deal along.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I will set up a monthly meeting between myself and you guys to discuss deal flow, priorities and strategy - I think you will find that more effective and I can keep the other meeting small.  Kay, please set up.  Regards Delainey 
 Ben,  why are we distributing this?  It is inaccurate and I'm not sure I want it floating around the place.  Regards Delainey 
 Celeste, try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so that the risk guys can take a look at him.  If that can't be done then give me a call.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, I think we should renew the flame for the three year period.  My understanding is that it is $75 K Cdn per year roughly.  Not paid up-front and cancellable if Flames leave Calgary or disappear.  Expense in Canada.  It is your call ultimately.  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, I though we signed a turnkey with NEPCO - there should not be any overruns to your P&L if that is the case.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, Wes is going to come talk to you about booking more value in Mariner in order to meet Global Finance and ENA targets.  I want a view from you guys of what is the prudent carry value for Mariner assuming current gas prices and the reserve increases assumed to coming.  Keep in mind what would be a reasonble sale value for the asset mid-next year as per our plan.  Regards Delainey 
 I think it would be great if Dan and Kevin could participate.  Regards Delainey 
 During our off-site at Columbia Lakes recently,  we identified areas in ENA where significant gaps exist that need filling at the Analyst and Associate level.  We have scheduled an off-cycle Super Saturday on June 3, 2000 and I would like your participation as an interviewer.  We will need approximately 25-30 interviewers to fill approximately 30 Associate & Analyst positions.  I am counting on everyone making themselves available on the third to facilitate this priority action item.  Ted Bland will be forwarding information concerning the event to each of you early next week.  Thank you for your participation.  Dave 
 This will confirm our dinner meeting to be held May 23, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill  DATE :    MAY 23, 2000 PLACE:    WINE ROOM RIVER OAKS GRILL 2630 WESTHEIMER 713/520-1738 TIME:     6:30 PM DRESS CODE:   BUSINESS CASUAL (no Jacket required), NO JEANS KHAKIS/with Jacket   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (30643) or Beverly (57857)  I look forward to seeing you there. 
 This will confirm our dinner meeting to be held May 23, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill  DATE :    MAY 23, 2000 PLACE:    WINE ROOM RIVER OAKS GRILL 2630 WESTHEIMER 713/520-1738 TIME:     6:30 PM DRESS CODE:   BUSINESS CASUAL, NO JEANS, JACKET WITH KHAKIS OK  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (30643) or Beverly (57857)  I look forward to seeing you there. 
 Kevin, I would like more detail on these issues of which I was not aware - lets discuss next week.  Regards Delainey 
 Any ideas?  These guys (John & Jere) just can't get it together.  Regards Delainey 
 Jere, I understand your frustruation and I am very motived to prove out the insurance product; however, I do think John has a legitimate concern (especially given the fact that this group blew up very publically internally and externally and we need to repair the image internally and market perception externally in order to be successful in the future) surrounding multiple groups covering the same customers with different stories.  You guys could not work this out - so I offered a compromise position which involved a well coordinated test marketing iniative (this was agreed to by you and John at the offsite): a) the insurance group was to identify the initial 5 to 10 target customer list that ENA would pitch the product to which should give us a determination if this is a commercially viable product; b) John and Scott would facilitate the contact with the customers to ensure a consistent face and story with the customers - if you guys can sit down and come up with an alternative that works for you - great; regardless, John had promised me that he would do everything necessary to facilitate and promote this capability to these customers ASAP; c) both groups would put a deal team together and get out there ASAP; d) if the test marketing of the product is successful; I agree that we need to sit down and discuss how we formally allign the interests of these groups.  This appears to be a reasonable and logical approach on an interim basis.  Regards Delainey 
 Tom, you are making the right call - give me a day or two to manage the positions.  Regards Delainey 
 fyi 
 Guys, Swank has confirmed with me that he is committed to join the mid-market group in east power and make a difference.  I would strongly support his movement into either SERC or ECAR as per our earlier discussion.  I hope to be moving several experienced dealmakers into the gas and power mid-market groups to increase our deal-making skills and relationships in those markets.  I would also hope to move a reasonable number of new associates (that only rotate within trading and mid-market) to the various desks.  The goal is  to increase the bench strength of the trading and mid-market groups plus support John's iniatives on the fundamental groups.  Regards Delainey 
 This will confirm our dinner meeting to be held May 23, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill  DATE    MAY 23, 2000 PLACE   WINE ROOM RIVER OAKS GRILL 2630 WESTHEIMER (713) 520-1738 TIME    6:30 PM   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (30643) or Beverly (57857)  I will look forward to seeing you there. 
 Bill, can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues. just you and I is fine.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, try and schedule me in 
 FYI 
 Larry and Joe,  Is there any additional moral pressure that we can put on Westinghouse to get the resources needed to expedite the resolution of the Gleason 501FD issues and the vibration issues at Wheatland?  The phone call by Larry to GE has made a world of difference.  Regards Delainey 
 I am in Florida - I think I am available the night of the 24th for the baseball game.  Kay please follow up - I would like to make the game.  regards Delainey 
 Rob, Andy Fastow is the only one who has not signed the DASH.  He may have a few questions please give him a call.  Otherwise, Kay Chapman and/or Mark Frank have the DASH.  I have signed.  Regards Delainey 
 Tammy, please ensure that budgets and cost tracking similar to the peakers/Doyle are set up ASAP for Austin and Vitro.  These should be updated and circulated weely.  Regards Delainey 
 FYI 
 Ken, in response to the letter from Mr Miguel San Juan, my suggestion would be to offer up the Falcon for their use; however, given the tight time frame and your recent visit with Mr. Fox that it would be difficult for either you or me to participate.  I spoke to Max and he agrees with this approach.  I hope this meets with your approval.  Regards Delainey 
 Jere, I spoke with Scott on these targets and his belief is that both himself, Allen and John have significant relationships with these folks which should help leverage your product into this sector. Scott and John have agreed to set up these meetings with the decision makers in these targets with no delay.  From there, you, John and Scott can determine what deal team will go speak to them about the opportunities.  I would expect that we will be in front of these folks ASAP.  Lets see how the product is embraced by these customers before we extend the target list and create a more formal alignment of the groups.  As per your earlier e-mail, I assume you are working on the Reeding & Bates opportunity.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, I forwarded your interest to Whalley, McConnel and McMahon.  Any=20 technology effort really should be lead by NetWorks.  This is consistent wi= th=20 Skillings strategy and what has been communicated to the analysts.  You=20 should receive a call from one of these gentlemen.  Regards Delainey 
 This looks good Mike - I appreciate the efforts.  Regard Delainey 
 Looks rather impressive.  Good job.  Regards Delainey 
 Jere, please forward the list of targets. Let me speak initially with John - lets try and get this done today.  I appreciate the effort on the peakers. As well, I would suggest we start discussions with  Reeding & Bates which according to both Redmond and Thompson is a live deal.  Thanks Delainey 
 Thxs Joe -much appreciated. Dave 
 Rob, does the new contract have the same price or is it an increase?   If it is at the same price, I would agree with Barry that this is a very visable display of Enron Canada's participation in the business and social community and it should continue to sponsor the flame.  On the accounting front, expense it in Canada - it will be an explainable variance for this year and budgeted next.  Let discuss  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I appreciate the updates. Please ensure 1) that you, as ENA, are integrated 2) deliver a very clear expectation with EE&CC with a credible plan and 3) that you scream bloody murder if a deliverable is missed.  You will need to bird-dog this to closure on an hourly basis to ensure that we get over the goal line.  Keep me in the loop daily so that I can keep the pressure on at a senior level.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, have we started the mobilization on the tear-down of the two 501FD's at Gleason?  Will they be machining the equipment on site - it appears to me that we should not let that equipment leave the site if possible.  Do we have a credible site rep from Westinghouse for both Wheatland and Gleason?  Please advise.  Thanks Delainey 
 Mark, FYI - In my estimation this business is no bigger than Mexico or the Toronto business ie) $25 to $30M in real value with reasonably high risk.  I see no value in having two different agendas being pushed in S. America.  I also believe that we could cut overhead and right size the organization and not loose any capability.  Early estimations are a reduction in budgeted OH by at least a third to one-half.  Did you or Jeff speak with Jim?  Regards Delainey 
 Joe, I would appreciate a quick call by you to Larry to ensure that his organization is focused to get these plants over the goal line ASAP.  We still have technical issues with the vendor that need to be addressed.  I believe EE&CC is working the issues; however, a phone call from you to emphasize the importance to Enron will add extra encouragement.  Thanks.  Regards Delainey 
 Lew, it looks like I have some appointments I can't get out of on the 24th; however, we could be out there by noon on the 25th.  How does that fit?  I did get a call from Mike letting me know that he would be sending over the CA.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I understand that none of the facilities were available today - I thought we were targeting 750 MW.  What is the updated availability schedule for each unit?  We are only a couple of weeks from June 1.  Please advise.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike Moulton has been pursuing an idea in the technology area for a while. = =20 The sponsorship of this idea clearly fits in Net Works.  Could one of you= =20 fine gentlemen give his idea a test drive?  I would much appreciate if you= =20 could give him a call.  Regards Delainey 
 Scott, you need to make your own call on that one - I think you could add value in either.  Regards Delainey 
 Chris, when did BP Amoco get involved?  I thought we were dealing with Avista.  Regards Delainey 
 Scott, what is our emissions strategy for these counterparties?  Regards Delainey 
 both 
 Maybe that commercial is closer than to the truth than I thought ...... Regards Delainey 
 Sounds good - I think you have a great opportunity in this market - I would suggest staffing aggressively in order to take the first mover advantage.  I note the associate needs.  Regards Delainey 
 Jim, my understanding is that there continues to be some discussion on whether there will be functional seperation of the retail and wholesale businesses and to what extent and under what strategy these are undertaken. I am not sure that we want to put ourselves in a box under any structure until these things are completely ironed out eg) country managers et al.  I'm not in agreement with any memo that further details the organization beyond what was outlined in the original memo.  However, I am in agreement that this needs to get resolved ASAP unfortunately Frevert and Skilling and most of the first world is out this week.  I ask for your patience.  Lets discuss.  Regards Delainey 
 Sounds good - lets see if we can start marketing the product and the capability.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, I will want to see those economics.  Thanks Delainey 
 David, once you get the demand lets discuss before deployment.  Regards Delainey 
 That may work -  I don't want to end up with an equity position I just worked hard to eliminate. Further, raptor may be a good accounting hedge but if we took back JEDI's share at existing marks we would be destroying significant real value. Will the buy back price of the equity/debt we get back from JEDI incorporate the write downs we think should occur?  Regards Delainey 
 Gere, just following up on the offsite - have you all agreed on the target producer list for the insurance product?  How is the peaker product developing?  Regards Delainey 
 How do we immunize ourselves from the workouts being shed into Raptor?  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, who is working on the Duke restructuring now?  Regards Delainey 
 Dan, I can't open - please send hard copy.  Regards Delainey 
 Shelly, I would like for David and I to handle this process from the Office of the Chair in order to ensure an orderly deployment of needed resources. Please facilitate through Mr. Oxley.  Regards Delainey 
 Tim, sorry for the delay - lets talk if you think it is warranted.  I can see a lot of positives to take this path. However,  there are a) pr issues and b) we have hoards of on-going litigation that cost us a bundle.  We should make this decision very carefully.  Regards Delainey 
 FYI 
 just send it out to the affected parties.  thxs dave 
 all yours 
 Just practicing apathy.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, I forwarded a message to you from Sheri Sierra from a gentleman looking for energy mgt services in Japan.  I had asked you to forward to Joe Hirl.  Please follow up with Joe.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, please ensure I get to this.  Thxs Dave 
 ?????? 
 Vicki, how much $$ are we talking about for the bankruptcy and the class action suit? It does not seem inappropriate for us to share the bankruptcy costs given the CTC issue.  I agree with you on the class action suit.  Lets discuss further before we approach ENA.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, are we in London during this event? Regards Delainey 
 Brett, got it covered.  thanks Dave 
 Steve, what is the status?  Regards Delainey 
 Peggy, the last version I read was fine.  Regards Delainey 
 Sherri, I will be there.  Regards Delainey 
 Thanks Chris - I assume you are speaking about credit risk on the thirty day deal when you refer to the $2M exposure on $100 - has Tim spoken to John about this?  I am supportive of this proposal and approach.  Like our discussion, we have to find a way to be supportive to the re-development of this market without creating un-acceptable credit or market losses.  We also have to support Lay's efforts in California.  Regards Delainey 
 Ken, fyi  Regards Dave 
 John, I spoke to Milly - he is on side.  I have completed all reviews except Kishkill and Orlando - how do you want to handle this?  Regards Delainey 
 thanks Peter - and congrats on the promotion well deserved.  Keep actively managing constructively your constituency in Houston.  Regards Delainey 
 thxs ben - i'm sure our paths will cross again.  best of luck.  regards delainey 
 thanks Rick  By the way, JCP is being restructured or killed.  Regards Delainey 
 David, I'm not sure there is any value to this for EES North America. There are well known and documented controls and process issues in the mid, back and risk offices of the company.  We are working quickly to rectify  - servicing your needs at the same time would slow us down.  On the European side, I would like your perspective on their controls and business.  Regards Delainehy 
 Shawn, just a little buried - why don't you come by on Monday. Kay please schedule.  Regards Delainey 
 Joe, I will forward his voice mail to you.  EES has enough challenges in NA and Europe before tackling retail products and services in a market with no wholesale market.  Please follow up.  Thanks Delainey 
 no 
 Chris, I would get Mark or Louise involved at this point - if it is mission critical let me know.  Regards Delainey 
 Matthew, sounds fine - I will have Kay start managing the calendar.  Regards Delainey 
 Matthew, if you know my reputation, I tend not to be a big fan of these type of events either - however, at this point, I need to collect more information on the event and I think it inappropriate to cancel at this late stage. Going forward, I think we as a management team including yourself should discuss what the strategy should be going forward.  Don't hesitate to voice your opinion.  Regards Delainey 
 Hey Crystal hope things are well ....  Dawna is fine. We have two girls six (Kassandra) and four (Samantha).  We have been in Houston now three and half years.  It has been a good move from a career point of view.  Obviously, you had heard my move from Pres./CEO of Enron North America to Chair/CEO of EES.  I hope life has been as kind to you.  Best of luck in the future.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, please let Brian know if there is a problem and let him rectify.  It is difficult for me to be responsive otherwise.  Thanks Dave 
 Matthew, Janet and I are going to come your way before March 12th.  I'll give you a call to discuss further.  Couple of points, I would hope you would share with your group on Monday:  - the European retail business is an important and strategic focus for Enron and EES; - it encompases a material part of EES's and Enron Europes margin plan for 2001 - so execution and most probably over performance is key in 2001; - it was birthplace of one of the key EES distribution platforms that needs to be migrated to North America - Enron Direct and the ITOL structure (for the large industrial customer); - the European business IS one of the largest growth opportunities going forward for EES and EES management will recognize, resource and reward that effort; - I am very involved in business strategy, execution and deals; - I believe in open communication, performance and high performance teams - no bullshit politics; - I recognize and reward performance, thinking, execution and leadership; - I flourish in a culture of ideas, fast action and success; - and I will be visiting London to meet everyone probably late February early March.  PS - I am already a citizen of the Commonwealth.  Talk to you soon!!  Regards Delainey 
 I'm sorry Bob - AMPS 
 Bob, please give me an update on our progress on this item and the viability of the technology.  Regards Delainey 
 Richard, it is my understanding that this investment is currently in Ray Bowen's business.  In my ENA shoes, I would say we would have no interest in taking on that responsibility.  In my EES shoes, I would like to take a closer look at the possible connections.  Please send me some info on the investment fund and their current investments portfolio.  I have also heard that Tom White has been talking to you about EES taking on the Catalytica investment.  With my EES shoes on, no way!!!!  Regards Delainey 
 Scott, I appreciate your note and I am sure that you will work well with Chris.  I have always believed in your talents and capabilities - I won't be far ....  Regards Delainey 
 Ed, thanks for the note - hope things are going well.  Regards Delainey 
 Scott, I apologize that no one talked to you before this one went out.  I assumed that Marty or Dan had spoken to you as we discussed this initial change; however, I take full responsibility.  I will guarantee it won't happen again.  My understanding is that you have been a significant contributor to EES strategy and success.  You can count on a lot more discussion about which markets and products are core in the few weeks and you will be leading a market opportunity.  I have asked Kay to set up some time for us to discuss the market and the future next week.  If that is not soon enough, I am around all day today.  Regards Delainey 
 thsx for the note Dick - look forward to working with you.  regards Delainey 
 thxs Ricardo  regards Delainey 
 thsx for the note Stuart - I've heard great things about you and I look forward to working with you.  Regards Delainey 
 FYI 
 thxs Chris - look forward to working with you again.  Regards Delainey 
 Mark, thanks for the note - look forward to working with you - you did a great job for me in ENA, I'm sure that will continue.  regards Delainey 
 thxs for the note - I was aware of the possibility of my leaving; however, I really felt you needed to make your next step based on your own decisions with no outside pressure or bias.  regards Delainey 
 thsx for the note Becky.  regards delainey 
 Tim, I appreciate the note and the comments - I may need some of your help in the future as we bring this patient back to health.  Regards Delainey 
 guys, I am out of town - John you will have to represent EA.  Regards Delainey 
 thxs for the note - all the best  regards delainey 
 i'll be back .... thanks for the note ....  regards delainey 
 thxs sandra  regards delainey 
 ok, let me put something together on e-mail over the next day or so - otherwise we will plan to be in Europe over the next 4 weeks or so.  regards delainey 
 Rick, I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board:  - Tex Mex (ERCOT to Mexico transmission line with term PPA with Desarco) - Ahlstrom (QF Purchase) - CRRA/Fuel Cell Energy (fuel cell deal with Conn. regulators) - sale of Pastoria and LV Cogen (assume not) - sale of ECP (assume not) - sale of HPL (assume not).  Regards Delainey 
 thxs  regards dave 
 Thanks Fred  regards Delainey 
 thanks Jim  regards Dave 
 Thanks Dave  Regards Delainey 
 fyi, action 
 Matthew, would your Monday meeting be a good time (if the time change works) for me to introduce myself and say a few words via video conference or the like to your organization?  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, I need your re-submission of the plan document including goals and objective asap so that we can have a final discussion and finalize.  We should also set up some time to finalize your review.  Regards Delainey 
 Laura, I know you are busy but I need your plan submission asap so that we can discuss and finalize.  Regards Delainey 
 Joe, has Jeff Rubin confirmed his availability on December 14th from 4:00 to 5:30PM to give us a macro-economic overview ?  Regards Delainey 
 a) year end reviews - report needs generating like mid-year documenting business unit performance on review completion - David to John; b) work out or plan generation for the NIM/Issues employees - David to John; c) HPL transition issues - ongoing.  Officially transferred.  Regards Delainey 
 Jaime, appreciate all your efforts and I am sure you will find a way to hit your targets this year.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, Brian Redmond  Dave 
 FYI 
 John, I asked Brian to investigate taking a number of ESA's engineering folks into his central Technical Services group.  These folks would continue to work on ESA's projects but would get the resources and support of the centralized body particularily in their negotiations with outside vendors including NEPCO and OEC.  It would also be another linkage into the SAmerican business from Houston to help monitor and defray technical and development risk.  Lets see if Kishkill and Redmond get to the right answer.  Regards Delainey 
 Steve, I only have the following suggestion for the Office of the Chairman paragraph:  "Dave is forming an Office of the Chairman in EES.  Joining Dave, in the Office of the Chairman, will be Marty Sunde, as President, Global Marketing Services and Dan Leff, as President, Global Energy Services.  Dan and Marty have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful EES business model.  In addition, Janet Dietrich will join the Office of the Chairman as Chief Operating Officer.  Currently, Janet is Managing Director in Enron Americas where she had successfully led both trading and origination organizations."  Regards Delainey 
 Steve, write these down in pencil - I need a chance to review.  thanks Dave 
 FYI, refer to previous note. 
 FYI, Ken we may want you to speak to Peevey and Freeman.  I believe that discussion should frame the proposal and attempt to set up a meeting with his staff and advisors to answer questions about credit and documentation.  In the propsal, we have tried to frame the potential credit and legal holes in their RFP with our suggested language or documents.  It would be helpful for the commercial team in ENA/EES to meet with these gentlemen and their advisors to describe the proposal and perhaps move towards negotiating a transaction.  The proposal includes: a) traded power products of various sizes and terms; b) unit contigent tolls from Pastoria (750MW) and Las Vegas Cogen (222MW) for term; c) natural gas packages for size for one through five year terms to provide gas hedges for their QF portfolio or other contracted merchant toll contracts; and d) an preliminary proposal on DSM from EES.  I will forward an executive summary from Chris Calger with more detail.  Regards Delainey 
 working it 
 Dan, should we put more meat on this bone?  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, the CALME organization does not exist so it might be difficult to negotiate a transfer price - we need to just do the right thing for Enron - if you think you are getting stuffed economically then I would work a deal out with Lavo or Whalley.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, as a follow on to our discussion last week:  a) run the RFP for VN service for Electro - variety of terms, volumes  as per our discussion - next thirty days - Orlando; b) explore the possibility of adding four additional LM's to the Electrobolt structure as a form of generation mitigation for the Electro short - would Petrobras be open to this discussion and what would be the last date that we would have to call NTP to get in on time to make 2003 - Joe; c) as much information on the nature of the Electro short and any customer contractual positions that can be provided to Lavo to start estimating the value  of the possible straddle - Orlando d) re-run the Cuiba MTM model given changing cost parameters, fuel issues and timing to determine what the possible hit may be and what are the mitigants - Joe; e) re-run budget numbers with correct view on re-organization costs - Joe; f) view on financial budget and strategic goals for 2001 and feedback to ESA - Lavo/Delainey; g) update commercial org chart reflecting discussions about the origination teams - Joe; and h) clarification on sale and asset responsibility in SA on a go forward basis given changing opinions on effectiveness of current organization - Lavo.  Outsourcing contacts: a) PetroCanada/Suncor - Eric LeDain b) Peoples Gas  - Laura Luce c) Virginia Natural Gas - Ed McMichael d) Brooklyn Union - Ed McMichael  Regards Delainey 
 fyi, action 
 Ken, I will drive by - I am interested in looking at a few options.  thanks Dave 
 Wes, do you have the first cut?  John you need to have some input.  Regards Delainey 
 Dave Delainey has asked to have the following meeting arranged:   Date:  Friday February 2, 2001  Time:  10:30 am - 11:30 am  Location: EB 3321  Topic:  California Update   Please let me know if you have any questions or conflicts.  Thanks,  Kay   3-0643 
 Guys, can you start working on your presentations for the offsite.  Dave I would like you to focus on the new generation of capital products that you are working on for the IPP market which should be able to source short and medium term commodity liquidity and be syndicatable(?) on the capital side.  Go into some detail and speak to a couple of specific opportunities. It may also be interesting for you to give an initial cut on the economics of coal generation (including emissions control) given current power and gas markets and a quick view of the development process. How should we participate in this market?  Gasification technology?  Jeff, in your talk, can you focus on the emerging distributed generation sector ie) the technologies, the users, the VC's, etc.  Specifically, how will these technologies change our business model and the overall power business model?  How are we positioning ourselves in this market?  What is the PI strategy with this regard?  Dorie Hitchcock and Tammy Sheppard can do a lot of the heavy lifting; however, we need a first cut by December 8th.  Thanks Delainey 
 Guys, do we have enough VAR to bring this position into the book?  If over $5M in total exposure it has to go to Frevert/Whalley.  John, I assume that you have gone through the transaction and have approved.  Regards Delainey 
 Dan, sounds like we are moving backwards - but these guys tend to jump the gun at times.  If it is not possible for these orgs to work together lets not try and force them (ie) we will manage our own business and contract with NEPCO when and if it makes sense.  Regards Delainey 
 Dave has asked that a Staff Meeting be scheduled for Wednesday February 7, 2001, from 3:00 pm til 5:00 pm in 30C1.  Please mark your calendar and plan to attend.  If you have any questions and/or conflicts, please feel free to call me (Kay 3-0643).    Thanks,  Kay 
 Janet, if you are ok, I'm ok - we usually only sign these type of non-solicitations, stand-stills or non-competes if we are well down the road towards having a reasonable probability to completing a transaction with the counterparty.  Otherwise, it becomes a nightmare to manage all these.  I will leave it to your discretion.  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, I assume that you are doing Lydecker, Maffitt and Detmering's review.  thanks Dave 
 These are the reviews that I have completed or nearing completion: - Dave Duran - Joe Deffner - Tammy Sheppherd - Scott Josey - Brian Redmond - Rob Milnthorp - Janet Dietrich - Chris Calger - John Thompson - Max Yzaguirre - Jeff Donahue - Wes Colwell - Kay Chapman  David, Greg told me that you were going to create a master list of reviews/reviewers to be completed to ensure that the Wholesale OOC's catches all commercial and non-commercial direct reports.  I would suggest that we follow up with a master list for each business unit to ensure that all reviews are completed across ENA much like the process we undertook at mid-year.  I would shoot for 100% participation target.  How are we making out on the NIM/Issues folks in ENA - either out the door or completed plans?  Regards Delainey 
 Brian, I assume that you are doing the review for Bob Virgo, Wayne Mays, Jean Mrha and Julie Gomez.  Regards Delainey 
 John, I assume that you are doing the review for Vince Kaminski.  Thanks Dave 
 Jeff, I assume that you are providing a review for Mike L Miller.  Thanks Dave 
 Guys, I do not have any material that Brian, Tim or Wes would not  have in their files.  Regards Delainey 
 Beth, can you start putting together your presentation for the offsite.  You have approximately one hour.  Topic should focus on the 2001 ENA systems plan (ie) what are identified priorities, key maintenance, new iniatives and maybe your view of where we need to go in the future.  I would leave some time for questions.  The audience should come away from the meeting with a pretty good understanding of what is our systems agenda for ENA in 2001.  Could you have a first cut by December 8th?  Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock can do some of the heavy lifting.  Regards Delainey 
 ok, your call - do we have some spares available if needed?  regards Delainey 
 Kevin, the only thing to keep in mind are the patent issues on the DLN - the GE settlement prevents PSM from re-manufacturing any further "tainted" product including spares for the existing DLN system - how might this affect our reliability at peak times?  Regards Delainey 
 John, what do you want to do with this?  We had discussed but I wanted to follow up.  Regards Delainey 
 Ken, I'm a lowly piker but I will try to help.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, where do we stand with Tom and the replacement combustion systems?  Regards Delainey 
 Yours! 
 Guys, I'm not the sharing type  - book me in the Forest Room.  Regards Delainey 
 Greg, nothing that pressing - I was just wondering how things were going and wanted to catch up on few things.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, can you work with Milly on this issue.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the corporate opportunity (ie) Laura, Hunter, etc.  Thxz Dave 
 Kyle, sounds like a good deal - look forward to this play bearing fruit.  Thanks Dave 
 Kay, please ensure that her expense statements are signed by me.  Regards Delainey 
 yes 
 Hey, Rob try and keep under $100K US.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, if you and Dave think this is your best branding opportunity in the short run as we gear up I am supportive.  I assume this will be covered in Canada's budget.  Send me a towel.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay please send regrets - I think I am in Canada.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I can't recall how the corporate opportunity is managed between Canada and the US for these customers particularily with regard to their transactions in Michigan et al.  Is Eastern Canada now managed by the Central desk from a trading and mid-market point of view since Story came down to Houston? How are the structured deals managed?  Is this still the right split for the business?  Regards Delainey 
 Mark, you should be there if possible.  Regards Delainey 
 Brett, can you give me the particulars on the four MEH turbines (ie) scheduled delivery, price, fuel options, heat rate, output,etc - including transferablility to NA.  Regards Delainey 
 Milly is ok; however, I would like a quick read of the document once you send a hard copy up...  Regards Delainey 
 Can we realistically net transmission costs against CTC undercollections for EES?  If there is a credible argument we should discuss.  Regards Delainey 
 Dave, we need to get this moving before the coal group starts occupying the space.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I am in complete agreement on the strategy.  This has been discussed for some time, Dave Duran and his group have distinct goals to move this strategy forward in 2001.  Regards Delainey 
 Scud incoming.... 
 Mike, as a policy offsites and retreats, especially more exotic and expensive, are being discouraged.  I would prefer the Galveston offsite and I don't see a need for more than one per year.  Please manage through PR - Dorie Hitchcock - she will  require an agenda as part of the approval process.  I would encourage some significant work discussion to be part of the offsite.  If you have some concerns lets discuss.  Regards Delainey 
 Jean, the $6M was a negotiated settlement between me and Marty Rosenberg of several old disputes as we moved forward in the restructuring of the Independence plant earlier in the year - Ruth added little other than administrative support.  Regards Delainey 
 George, it was good to hear from you - please follow up with David Oxley to determine possible roles within ENA.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, given all the change and our 2000 success, I would argue that we should have a meeting; however, the challenge is getting people to show up - any thoughts on this Eric/Dorie?  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, in coordination with your trading partners, can you start putting together your offsite presentations.  Each group will have approximately one hour to one hour and half.  A suggested format would include (for East Power, East Gas, West Power, Canada (power and gas), Central Gas and West Gas): a) market overview - including supply/demand, structural changes, etc; b) strategy and opportunities in 2001(include five new trading/origination opportunities for 2001); c) expected 2001 new products/structures, coverage and deal flow; d) what worked in 2000 what didn't; and e) organization and resources - people, assets, constraints, etc.  In a nutshell, we want you to share with the group how your market works, where the opportunties lie and how are you positioning yourself to take advantage of those opportunties in order to reach your financial and other goals in 2001.  Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock will coordinate and do a lot of the heavy lifting; however, they need your first cut by December 8th.  Thanks  Delainey 
 Brian, good memo - I think you mean't Energy Capital Resources not Enron Capital Resources in your memo.  I would distribute widely in the management ranks.  Regards Delainey 
 get rid of this please 
 Dave Delainey has asked me to arrange an offsite for January 16 & 17, at the St Regis Hotel, 1919 Briar Oaks Lane, Houston, Texas  77027.  If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me (Kay) @ 3-0643, otherwise, please mark your calendar and plan to attend:    Date:  Tuesday   January 16, 2001 Wednesday  January 17, 2001  Time:  10:00 am until  5:00 pm (Tuesday and Wednesday)  Location: The St. Regis Hotel 1919 Briar Oaks Lane Houston, Texas  77027 Phone:  713-840-7600 Fax:       713-840-7617   Thanks,  Kay 
 Would this guy be a candidate for the LTP?  Regards Delainey 
 What is this?  Regards Delainey 
 Jim, I can assure you that neither John or myself are trying to attract blame or "cover our backsides";  however, I do believe that there is/was a genuine breakdown in communication somewhere in the deal team, accounting and the desk.  As well, it appears that this is not completely a black and white issue and can legitimately attract a number of points of view.  As executives of this company, you, Brian, Tim and Tom absolutely were responsible to ensure that all aspects of this transaction are managed correctly. Nevertheless, I think it is amazing we have not had more problems with this divestment given the size, complexity, time and how intertwined it is into the overall framework of ENA.  I appreciate your candor and the unselfish maturity to bring to the trading floor.  I look forward to working with you as we continue to build our Texas and gas business.  Regards Delainey 
 Brian, please give me your thoughts via e -mail asap. I believe this will be the most effective tool.  Please give me your expectations as well.  Regards Delainey 
 Go go go....!!  Show us how the retail/wholesale business should work together. Great job!  Regards Delainey 
 Christy, can we send these documents in word format - I'm not sure if this is a problem for everyone but I can never open these attachments from Braeswell.  Can you please send a hard copy.  Regards Delainey 
 Marty, looks like this nut may have some fruit. I look forward to continuing our discussions from 2000 on how we can be better together - I am committed to doing this the right way as I know you are.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, what is your view?  Regards Delainey 
 Randy, give them what they want and lets move on - don't give another guarantee provide the indemnity for the IRS and environmental claims.  Mark if there is a flaw in my thinking let me know.  Joe, these guys have been exceedingly difficult to deal with - I would think twice before we bring these guys into any Enron deal in the future.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, send to John Sherriff in Europe.  Regards Delainey 
 None - except for Enron comp (options et al). 
 Janet, don't trip me up until after January 15. 
 Mark, do we really want a story on SA at this point? Seems we have better things to talk about at this point in time.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, are we closed out on this job with NEPCO as well.  Regards Delainey 
 Chris, work with Dorie Hitchcock and get an estimate/approval memo put together.  Regards Delainey 
 I have certainly missed your one liners - I will give you a call first thing tommorrow.  Regards Delainey 
 Rob, we are planning to file the following protest of HQ's behaviour in the NE power markets through their market based rates case with the FERC, do you have any issues with this approach?  Regards Delainey 
 Jeff, go ahead and have the meeting - I think I know what it is about.  Let me know what you guys want to do.  Regards Delainey 
 Wes, I noticed that Laura Scott is not on the list for non-commercial VP candidate but Georgiana and Sherman were - did you change your mind?  I think you have until the 4th to put up your candidates.  Regards Delainey 
 yes - we should arrange to get together on Sunday to discuss bonus, comp, promotions and rankings before the PRC on Monday.  I am back Saturday night. I hope this works let me know a time.    Regards Delainey 
 Wes, that is fine - flush it.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, in addition please incorporate in each teams package - their Direct Expense/Headcount ratio to plan average, Productivity ratio to plan average and team ROCE to plan average and any variances from 2000 to 2001 for income/expenses taking into account our most latest 2000 forecasts by group.  Wes, I assume that you will be putting together a final 2000 i/s package for me in the next couple of days.  Thanks Delainey 
 Guys, attached you will find a completed 2001 Pro Forma budget needing Lavo's review and then detailed review with each team.  This workbook has a number of worksheets including: a) pkrs o&m - this details the o&m costs for the sold peakers assuming we own throught Q2 - charged to the OOC; b) driftPrepay - shows the detail as provided netting drift and pre-pay expenses - not all that relevant if you assume that increasing drift will be offset by larger monetizations; c) Summary - overall completed income statement - note that non-external capital charges are added back to reach EBIT; d) commercial income - guts of the commercial budget; e) group expenses - shows the detail on ENA net groups expenses, EIS/ENW/IT non-allocable, corporate charges not allocated to specific commercial groups and bonus/other comp; f) HP&L - takes a cut at HP&L income statement and balance sheet in 2001 assuming a sale by the end of Q2 - this needs some sit down work with Redmond; g) Balance Sheet Allocations - this defines by group the capital employed, assets to be sold and new capital expenditures expected in 2001 - then calculates a net capital and depreciation charge; h) Balance Sheet - this defines the existing balance sheet with no anticipated sales or increases by vehicle (ie) Enserco, JEDI, etc - merchant investments are charged @ a blended rate of 15% and strategic investments are charged @ a blended rate of 9%.  Two action items: a) Print out for John - Commercial Income  & Summary worksheets for his comment and review & b) Start putting completed commercial packages together for distribution/further comment by the business units in the next couple of weeks - include detailed income statement, headcount, balance sheet (including expected increases,decreases, capital charge and depreciation), leave pages open for goals & objectives and target customer list.  I would like to review format and detail for each group before distribution.    Regards Delainey 
 Janet, between you, Laura and Frank/Gil you should  be able to field a one Enron team on this one.  I am at your disposal otherwise.  Laura/Frank - this is an important one for the team - please work together constructively.  Gil should continue in his current role as main relationship manager unless you guys change your mind.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, great job on this one.....  2001 - should be a big year for Mexico: a) equity sell down of the Monterrey project; b) close and further sell down of the Tex Mex project; and c) 20% growth on risk mgt volumes and income from 2000 levels.   Thanks for the great work.  Regards Delainey 
 Chris, thanks for the update - ensure that Azurix is eliminated from the project which can help financially support the Calpine water discount.  Do not hesitate to contact Amanda Martin or Garrisson directly on this one if needed.  What is the status of LV?  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, I believe a current board member is likely to be picked - last I heard the mayor of Tupelo.  Craven will be in office until May.  Regards Delainey 
 Brett, for US applications dual fuel may be important for Florida - maybe less in California.  Do we need it for Rio Gen or Cuiba?  Can you follow up with Chris Calger and Janet Dietrich to get their views.  Thanks Delainey 
 Lisa, I currently work in ENA as CEO and President - mostly nat gas and electricity.  Regards Delainey 
 Rebecca, sorry for the delay - I think that Chris Calger who runs our Western development efforts would be very interested.  Chris please give Rebecca a call.   Regards Delainey 
 Eric, as per our discussion, I would suggest that we have no quotes or comments in the press release.  As a sale of assets, which we do actively, in a our network strategy there is really nothing positive that can be said without reflecting poorly on the buyer.  I would suggest that we approve an AEP press release as we did with Allegheny.  If we have not already, I would not send the attached press release to AEP without cutting out the quote.  Regards Delainey 
 Dave will be out of the office December 23, 2000 until Monday, January 8, 2001.  He will be checking his voicemail and will have his cell phone.  The following are the numbers where he can be reached:   December 24  thru December 26 - Saskatoon, SK   (306) 374-9587 or Cell Phone   (713) 907-6315  December 27 thru January 7 - Fairmont, B.C.  (250) 345-4569 or Cell Phone (713) 907-6315    Beverly (x 5-7857) will be available to assist you if you need any help reaching Dave....   Happy Holidays, 
 rick, have a good holiday - John and I appreciate the support you and your group have provided.  regards Delainey 
 Bill, I think you are confusing me with John Lavorato my COO.  I am a University of Saskatchewan grad.  Regardless, if I can help lets discuss in the new year.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a) detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b) detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c) anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d) review charter and detail any proposed changes.  I would anticipate that we sit down with Rick and Jeff at the end of January - please have package available for my review by mid January.  Regards Delainey 
 Dan, it will have to wait - I will be back in early January.  Regards Delainey 
 thanks Susan  Regards Delainey 
 Dave would like to schedule a meeting the you today to discuss HPL...... Would 4:00 pm be ok with all of you....???  please let me know your availability as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI 
 This looks good... all your cc are good and he said to send to all ENA=20 Employees.......  Thanks again for all your help......This will be out tomorrow morning,=20 correct ?????  Thanks,  Kay 
 Brett, since Enron owns NEPCO - true risk transfer under a fixed price contract is difficult.  However, I do like the behaviour that you get from such accountability (ie) high incentive to get done on time and on budget. My experience with NEPCO on cost plus has been very unfavourable (don't like #1).  I will be supportive of any structure that aligns our interests appropriately.  You might want to bounce a few ideas off Dan.  I have already given him a heads up on the value at stake if we can come in at the low end of the scale and early.  Drop me a note on where you end up.  Regards Delainey 
 whats up?  Dave 
 John, I need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday.  Thanks Dave 
 Barry need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday  Thanks Dave 
 Janet, need 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology for Ben Jacoby and Ed McMichael before Friday - please follow up.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, need your 2000 acoomplishments before Friday.  Regards Delainey 
 Chris, I need your 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday.  Thxs Dave 
 Chris, sounds good - a) Wes will work with you on earnings recognition issues for Pastoria and b) selling the LM's and the LV Cogen asset is a good call regardless of the hit.  Some accounting flexibility on the LV hit may be worthwhile.  Value protected counts just as much as new value created - you are doing the right thing.  Regards Delainey 
 Attached please find the final presentation for the board meeting tommorrow. I assume that RAC will have the resolutions and DASH.  Regards Delainey 
 This should be sent from John and me - Enron Americas, Office of the Chairman to all commercial and support employees in Enron North America.  In addition, copy to Joe Kishkill, Orlando Gonzales, Brett Wiggs and Remi Collognes in Enron South America.  As well, include Jeff Shankman, Mike McConnell, Jeff McMahon, Ray Bowen, Louise Kitchen, Phillipe Bibi, Rebecca McDonald, Jim Hughes, Mark Frevert, Greg Whalley.  Please ensure that I am able to proof the final copy before distributing.  I would like to have this by Wednesday night in everyone's e-mail Thursday morning.  Regards Dave 
 Rebecca, lets just go forward with HPL on Thursday - Tex Mex, after going through with the deal team, still has some issues to be resolved.  We will push this into Q1.  The HPL deal is anticipated to be signed on Thursday afternoon or Friday morning.  Regards Delainey 
 Rebecca. attached you will find the presentation for the HPL deal.  Please forward to Jeff.  If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to give me a call.  Regards Delainey 
 yes thxs dave 
 Randy, looks like a good solution - well done.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, the outside date on termination due to force majeure was moved to October 31,2002.  It is our risk to construct the pipeline;however, it is a breach of contract if Petrobras does not have gas at the site by April 30, 2002.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, attached you will find a draft org memo that I anticpate going out on Thursday.  I appreciate your patience.  Please give me any comments ASAP (only major issues).  Brian/Tim, I assume that we need a communication strategy to HPL employees before this memo goes out - please advise.  Please keep this note confidential until release.  Regards Delainey 
 Brett, this looks fine.  Regards Delainey 
 As I had indicated before please work through me or Brett - otherwise we risk our ability to move them - please forward appropriately.  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, please have someone draft up a short speech for this function.  Regards Delainey 
 Brett, under the assumption that we are not over-paying for the land and that the site has option value beyond the Petrobras deal, I am ok with the purchase.  Regards Delainey 
 Patrick, there are two pages missing (ie) Earnings & ROCE.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I assume you are keeping an eye on "California East".  Any help you can give Kevin would be much appreciated.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, can you set up some time - perhaps in the new year for a lunch - my office should be fine.  Regards Delainey 
 fyi 
 David, good to hear from you - I am sure we will cross paths in your career with Enron.  All the best Delainey 
 FYI see attached    Regards Delainey 
 Angela,  Is Dave supposed to be involved in this ?????  I just happened to be in Dave's email looking for something for him........I saw your name and thought maybe I'd better see if this was something I needed to put on his calendar.....As a rule, I do not go into Dave's  email unless I am told or looking for something that someone has requested me to print and give to him.....so, if you need something to be put on his calendar, please copy me on it or chances are I may or may not find out about it...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Stuart, only New Albany and Doyle would be left.  As you have indicated, Doyle is 100% committed to Ogelthorpe.  Regards Delainey 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 Ben, please discuss with Dave Duran - he will be responsible for our coal generation strategy.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, I will try and call you on Monday - I spoke to Kish about Arcor - he is working on it.  Hang in there ....  Regards Delainey 
 Attached please find the invitation for the Las Vegas Offsite to be held at the Venetian from December 13-16, 2000.   Please go online and fill out the information to confirm your attendance.  Please note:  Travel must be made through this attached invitation.    Las Vegas   http://www.xopix.com/enron/url_vegas_invite05.swf 
 FYI/action 
 Please take a minute and select your reviewers for the PRC process.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI/action re: DeMoes 
 You guys need to manage this....... 
