ghted to receive the news of your being admitted to the Partnership.  Congratulations!  I'm very proud of you.  All the best.  Jim 
 Jeff, April 23rd is fine.  JIm 
 Jeff, April 23rd is fine. Jim 
 FYI 
 I would be happy to meet with him. 
 FYI 
 Tozzineiis fine by me. 
 Marcus, I am ok with your proposed counsel selection.  All the best.  JIm 
 Linda, I may not be able to participate in the December 14th conference call.  I do believe it is important that Robert Eickenroht participate along with Jack Urquhart.  Jim 
 Al, thanks for the update.  All the best.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Ray, Joe Dilg has informed me of your very kind offer of assistance with regard to my son's (James V. Derrick III) interest in applying to  the SMU School of  Law; I am most grateful. SMU is his first choice.   We are currently working on his application and hope to get it to the school within the next ten days.  He  graduated from the University of Mississippi and is currently enrolled in a university in Madrid, Spain studying Spanish. I will send you a copy of his application as soon as it is completed.  All the best.  Jim 
 Marc, I know of no relationship with this firm, but I will canvas the GCs and inform you of any relationship we discover.  Jim 
 Please let Marc Manly know of any relationship your group has with the firm mentioned below.  Thank you.  JIm 
 Jeff, I have an Enron Board of Directors Meeting that may extend until approximately 1:30 p.m., and I have another meeting that begins at 3 p.m.  We could meet in my office from 2 to 3 on that date.  If an hour is not sufficient, we would need to select another date.  All the best.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Please note for calendar.  Thank you. 
 Nancy, I believe the question was asked by David Beck.  All the best.  Jim 
 John, you have my approval.  Jim 
 Nancy, I suggest we take the Four Seasons option.  Jim 
 Randy, your suggestion looks fine to me.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Please print the attachments.  Is this on the calendar?  Thank you. 
 Mont, thanks for the status report.  I will stand by.  JIm 
 Weekly, and sometimes daily, I become a director of an new Enron company. Kate Cole of the Enron Corporate Secretary's office maintains the data base showing my directorships.  In addition to my new Enron dirctorships, I have become a member of the Board of Trustees of the Southwestern Legal Foundation.  Jim Derrick 
 Tom, the memo looks fine.  Please proceed.  Thank you.  Jim 
 The very first time that I laid eyes on  Steve Susman , he was clad only in his underwear.  Moreover, he was  shouting  and angrily brandishing his fist at me!  The Northern Lights may have seen stranger sights, but I assure you I have not.  In 1968 or 1969 (you will understand that I have repressed the actual date), I journeyed to Fort Worth, Texas as a representative of the Texas Law Review to attend some State Bar of Texas committee meeting, one being held, I think, in conjunction with an annual meeting of the Bar.  The Law Review had reserved a few rooms at one of the downtown hotels.  I arrived late at night,  dutifully registered at the hotel's desk, received my room  key, took the elevator to the designated floor, walked to my room, inserted the room key, and opened the door.  The darkness that shrouded the room was suddenly pierced by a flare of light that revealed to my astonished eyes a bear of a man, almost naked, leaping out of the bed toward me, shaking a very large fist in the vicinity of my face, and demanding to know why I had violated the sanctity of his room!  It will surprise none who know Steve to learn that although he was adamantly insisting  on an explanation, he refused to be quiet long enough for me to offer him one.  Knowing even at my then tender young age a madman when I see one, I exited  the scene of the controversy with as much speed as my terrified legs could muster and rushed back to the front desk with my tale of adventure and close escape from severe bodily injury.  There may well have been some talk of calling hotel security or the Fort Worth Police, but in the end I settled for a new room, the door of which I bolted immediately.  After a mostly sleepless night during which I anticipated the imminent reappearance of the madman, I arose, showered,  dressed, and carefully made my way to the meeting room.  During the course of the day, I spotted the madman across the ballroom engaged in conversation with another individual. Surreptitiously pointing him out to one of my friends, I asked if he knew him.  The answer was no, but he did know who he was.  "The name is Susman, my man, Steve Susman".  I immediately resolved that my path and that of "Susman, my man, Steve Susman" would never again cross.  Truth is indeed stranger than fiction.  How could I have possibly foreseen as I fled from the madman in  that Forth Worth hotel room so many years ago that not only would my path again cross his but that I would one day serve as his lawyer, that  he  would serve as mine,  and that I would count him  as one of my closest friends!  I hereby officially  forgive you, Steve, not only for stealing my  Fort Worth hotel room but also  for the injury you wished on me that night.  Looking back on it, I wouldn't want it to have been  any other way.  I wish you the Happiest of Birthdays, Steve.  Thanks for your friendship--I treasure it.  All the best,  Jim 
 Saudi, thanks, but I'll wait until you and I can play it together.  All the best.  Jim 
 FYI 
 Mel, thank you for lunch.  It was great to see you and catch up.  Here's th= e=20 memo I mentioned.  All the best.  Jim 
 I agree to the comments included in your fax to me of November 30 being used in the way and in the context therein set forth.  Jim Derrick 
