ecuted original for your files.  Should you have any questions, feel free to contact me at (713) 853-5707.  Stacy Dickson 
 Cary,  Attached are executable GISB and Master Firm agreements for Conoco which incorporate Conoco's comments.  Stacy 
 Susan,  I left a message last week for Brenda Frankenhauser about the Columbia assignment.  She has not returned my call.  Stacy 
 Susan,  Please use the new master instead of the old GISB.  Stacy 
 Thanks for the info. 
 Yes. 
 Donna:  Jeff Hodge asked that I respond to your e-mail.  ENA does use the GISB contract to conduct its "spot" business.  By "spot", I mean interruptible gas deals of any length and firm deals one month or less in duration.  Enron also has its own form of spot agreement that we use.  I have attached a copy of that agreement.  We do try to negotiate some special provisions into each GISB.  Our current version of the special provisions is included in the GISB agreement that is attached.  I do not know of any company that uses the GISB as-is.  We do not use the GISB for firm deals that are greater than one month in duration.  For those deals, we use our Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement that I have attached.  If you need copies of actual confirmations, Bob Bowen or Ellen Wallumrod would be able to give you examples.  Form confirmations are at the back of each of the agreements attached.  If you need additional information, please let me know.   Stacy Dickson x3-5705 
 Gregg,  Attached are my suggested changes to the above-referenced confidentiality agreement.  One of the changes was to address the enovate employee issue that we discussed.  A few of the changes are simply clean-up.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Stacy 
 Thanks 
 Gregg,  I am open tomorrow except for between 11:30 and 1:00.  Let me know what you schedule.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  Sounds  good.  I will wait for your call.  Stacy 
 We can do that.  It is up to the trader and the scheduler. 
 Cary,  I have reviewed Mary's comments on the Nipsco contract.  She makes some good points and it would be nice for Nipsco to make those changes.  If Nipsco will not make the changes, I still think it is acceptable for enovate to sign the agreement.  Stacy 
 Mark,  Jeff asked that I review TradeSpark.  All I could find for product descriptions were abbreviations of products that were not very clear.  If these are the only descriptions of the products on TradeSpark , they are completely inadequate.  If there are longer, more clear descriptions, please let me know how to find them so that I can review them.   Stacy 
 Gregg,  I have reviewed Mary's changes and I am fine with them.  Stacy 
 Attached are the latest drafts of the Coral Energy synthetic storage deal starting in April.  These Transaction Agreements are, as Gregg says, Nicor-esque.  However, I did remove the secondary delivery point concept.  I did leave in the $0.20 and $0.25 administrative fee. 
 Jim,  I found a copy of the confirmation letter for this deal.  I could not find the deal on the system so I will need to fax the copy to you.  Please give me your fax number.  I am sending a copy to Wade Price as well.  I could not find the cover letter that went with it.  My office was moved while I was out for maternity leave.  I don't think I ended up with all of my boxes.  I will keep searching and let you  know if I find it.  Stacy    James T Javins@EES 03/27/2001 02:47 PM 
 Susan, I have access to the official paperwork.  What exactly do they need?  Stacy 
 Bobbie,  Chris Walker said that this is a revival of the product that was worked on long ago and never finalized.  Do you remember what our concerns were?  I have sleep since then and do not remember. 
 I am faxing it now. 
 Attached please find the above-referenced agreement for your review.  Should you have any questions or comments, please contact me at (713) 853-5705.  Sincerely,  Stacy Dickson 
 Per our conversation.  The counterparty is NUI Energy Brokers.  Thanks for your help on such short notice. 
 Attached please find the Transaction Agreement for the April 2001 through October 2001 physical natural gas transaction.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705.  The Swap confirmation is being prepared by Joe Hunter.  His number is (713) 853-3316.  Stacy Dickson 
 Here are the latest drafts of the Master Firm and the transactrion agreement.  Stacy 
 Here is the swap confirmations. 
 Here is the NUI GISB confirm. 
 Here are Frank Sayre's comments to the NUI Guaranty. 
 This Term Sheet does not create and is not intended to create a binding and enforceable contract between the parties and may not be relied upon by either party as the basis for a contract by estoppel or otherwise, but rather evidences a non-binding expression of a good faith understanding to endeavor, without obligation, to negotiate mutually agreeable definitive agreements. 
 Cary:  Attached is the confirmation for the latest PG&E field storage deal.  Please let me know of any changes.  Stacy 
 Rudwell,  NUI made changes to Sections4.2 and 4.6.  Please let me know if they are acceptable to you.  Stacy 
 Ed and Mark,  As we discussed, I spoke to Jeff Hodge and Travis McCullough about the best way to document this deal.  We all agreed that it is better to document the deal as a deferred payment on the sale of natural gas rather than as a loan. Documenting the deal as a loan does not add any protection for Enron and in fact, may be detrimental because of the various laws concerning loans and lenders.  The protections  and remedies afforded by the Master track those that Enron would have under a loan document.  Enron would be in no better position to collect from NUI in the event of bankruptcy under a loan document than under the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.  Additionally, I assume that NUI, being a regulated utility, will not want to or be able to document this deal as a loan.  Please let me know if you need additional information on this topic.  Stacy 
 Frank,  Here is NUI's response to your comments on their guaranty.  Please let me know your comments on their response.  Stacy 
 Attached is the latest version of the above-referenced document.  It contains the changes requested by NUI.  I understand from Rudwell that he and Laura have agreed on the credit numbers and I have incorporated the numbers that they have agreed on.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705 should you have any questions.  Stacy 
 Paul,  Please replace both references to "the Southern District of Texas"  with "the District of Columbia" in the arbitration provision.  Please let me know if this does not work for you.  Stacy 
 Here is the latest version of the above-referenced agreement. 
 Gregg and Steve,  I think that we should add the phrase "or any increases to the MTV as a result of Buyer's Deficiency Quantity"  that you added in Nicor.  I left a message for the Coral attorney this morning.  I am planning on telling him about the addition of the phrase when he calls.  Stacy    Gregg Penman@ENRON 04/02/2001 10:49 AM 
 Gregg,  I have three minor changes to the agreement.  I have attached a red-line version reflecting my changes.  Stacy      Gregg Penman@ENRON 03/27/2001 09:46 AM 
 Attached are the Transaction Confirmations for Nicor Enerchange.  Stacy 
 Here is the latest draft which incorporates the language that you requested. 
 Gregg,  Here it is! 
 Per our long, rambling voice mail. 
 Ellen,  Attached is the letter we would like signed appointing Enline Solutions agent for Jefferson-Cocke County Utility District. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Stacy 
 Ellen,  Attached is the letter that we would like to have signed appointing Enline Solutions as agent for Elk River Public Utility District.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Stacy 
 Swap confirms 
 Please review and let me know if you have any comments.  I will not send it to Paul until you tell me to. 
 Melba, I do not know what "any Unrestricted Algonquin Gas Transmission City Gate" means.  This description needs more detail explaining "unrestricted".  Stacy 
 Here are the confirms that Joe prepared. 
 Sara,  Here is the physical confirmation for the NUI deal.  I added an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement as an additional Triggering Event under the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. 
 Daniel,  I found a GISB between Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. and Enron North America Corp. dated  July 1, 1998 in our files.  ENA received the contract from an assignment from Columbia Energy Marketing Corporation.  Why do we need to negotiate and execute another GISB agreement?  Stacy Dickson    Daniel Garcia <Daniel.Garcia@msdw.com> 03/09/01 03:57 PM Please respond to Daniel.Garcia 
 Did you not receive this? 
 Paul,  Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement which incorporates the changes that were discussed yesterday.  Please review and give me you comments.  My phone number if (713) 853-5705.  Stacy 
 Thank you for your help in chasing down the master. 
 Here is NUI's response to your latest comments. 
 Stacey,  I do not have access to that database.  Attached is the Master firm that we have negotiated.  It will be executed today or tomorrow.  Stacy      Stacey Richardson 04/05/2001 08:29 AM 
 I think this would solve a lot of our problems. 
 Mark, In the course of two conversations with Paul Chymiy, he identified 5 credit issues.  They are:  1) The Credit Agreement is for a term of 364 days so it terminates on 12/21/01.  They will enter into a new credit agreement but not on identical terms and not necessarily with the same lenders.  2) NUI Corp. does not have credit rating since the reorganization.  The credit rating should be tied to NUI Utilities.  3) The MAC should be BBB instead of BBB- for Customer.  4) NUI Utilities no longer owns the common stock of Elizabethtown and City Gas.  They are now divisions of NUI Utilities.  5)  The treasurer will not agree to (xiii) in Section 5 of the Transaction Agreement concerning additional debt.  Stacy 
 Diane,  I would wait on sending the confirms because we are currently negotiating with NUI on the provisions that Sara added.  NUI has told us that those provisions are unacceptable in the physical deal so I assume they will be unacceptable in the financial deal.  Hopefully, this issue will be resolved tomorrow.  I will let you know the outcome.  Stacy    Diane Anderson@ENRON 04/05/2001 04:48 PM 
 Brad, I spoke to Evans King today.  I will work on resolving this with him.  Should he or his client call you refer them to me.  They don't need to bother you about this.  Stacy    Brad McKay 04/09/2001 11:05 AM 
 Please review the new definition for Maximum Transaction Volume and give me your comments.  Stacy 
 Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement and Master Firm Agreement reflecting Tanya's recent conversation with NUI.  Please give me your comments.  I will forward these to NUI once I have heard form each of you.  Stacy 
 As we discussed. 
 Attached is the execution version of the above-referenced agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705 if you have any questions.  Stacy 
 Cyndie,  Do you know who initialed this agreement?  I want to talk to him/her about this provision.    Cyndie Balfour-Flanagan@ENRON 04/06/2001 02:09 PM 
 Sara, Here is the latest transaction agreement which has my attempt to deal with the terminating credit agreement issue in item #6. 
 Tanya,  Did you have any comments to the transaction agreement that I sent yesterday?  I will send it to NUI when I hear from you.  Stacy 
 Talked to Hyvl.  This agreement is o.k. for EOL.    Cyndie Balfour-Flanagan@ENRON 04/11/2001 11:16 AM 
 Per my voice mail. 
 Per our conversation. 
 Please review the Coral Transaction Agreements and give me your comments.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  If you have not already done so, I would run this deal by credit and see what provisions they want included.  Stacy 
 Gregg,  My thoughts on Allegheny's changes to the Master are similar to Mary's.  I am generally fine with the changes except 1) I would counter with lowering the liquidated damages to 10 cents (ultimately, this is a business decision)  and 2) I would tell them that we need arbitration.  In some respects, it is more likely that disputes would arise under this type of deal so it is even more important to have arbitration. Please let me know if you want me to talk to anyone at Allegheny about their changes.  Stacy 
 Per our conversation. 
 Paul,  Attached is the most recent versions of the above-referenced agreements which incorporates the changes you negotiated with our Credit Department.  There was one additional change to the Master Agreement to Section 4.2(ix).  I have also attached the letter agreement which cancels the physical gas deals for April.  Please review and give me your comments.  Stacy 
 Your brain is working correctly.  I think that we should seek out and destroy  every old Seagull contract.  If we are doing business under any of them, we need to get new cotnracts in place.  Stacy 
 Jennifer,  What a cutie!  Meg is adorable and so grown up now!  She should start talking before long if she has not already.  I'm sure that you are teaching her to say Stacy.  I hope you guys are doing well.  I understand Mr Espey is not doing as well as hoped.  That must be particularly difficult for you guys since you are not near by.  When do you think that you will be in Houston again?  We miss you guys.  We got used to your being around last year.  Meredith is doing well.  She is starting to sit well on her own.  She still does an occasional face-plant though.  It really makes her mad when she does.  She loves her exersaucer.  We went to Arkansas for Easter so Meredith had her first plane ride.  She did very well.  I can't imagine entertaining a baby for five hours on a plane like you do!  Meredith has not mastered cereal yet.  We only feed her twice a week which does not help.  We keep joking that she will still be on formula when she goes to kindergarden!  I will send some picutures of Meredith soon.  Stacy 
 Sara,  Number 3 concerns the swap piece of this deal.  Stacy 
 Sounds good.  I will look for the overnight. 
 Paul,  Attached is the final version of the Master Firm Agreement which incorporates NUI's notice information and all previously discussed changes.  Also, attached is the April Transaction Confirmation Letter with the change to the addressee.  The Exhibits for the letter are the NUI Confirmations Nos. 31060 and 46669.  I understand that the changes that you requested to the swap guaranty are acceptable and that you will receive revised agreements shortly.  Please let me know if there is anything else outstanding.  Stacy 
 Stacey,  I'm sure you are aware that MSN stopped providing DSL a few weeks ago because their wholesale DSL provider, Northpoint filed for bankruptcy.  MSN sent me the letter below recommending we switch to Southwestern Bell.  Is this what ClickatHome suggests that we do?  Will I still receive a reimbursement for part of my DSL costs if I switch to SWB?  Please let me know what you suggest.  Thank you,  Stacy Dickson Granmayeh 
