en he's referring to Tony with a blanket wrapped around his head like a scarf), milk, water, beans, hush chloe & I get binky.  He is wonderful.  Sam & I are bonding this weekend.  The kids were all 3 going to NYC with Lisa for the weekend, but Anthony doesn't want to go.  So, he's staying with us, but he and Tony are going to the river in Utopia, TX to take Anthony deer hunting for the first time.  They're staying at Tony's grandma's house.  She's very excited to see them. Anthony is very excited and wanted to know if they could get him some "camo" Friday night (it's all about the clothes these days).  That's about all I know.  It's good that you're going into work and getting out of the house.  It sounds like you're hanging in there.  I hope you're able to get some more sleep.  I'm sure it won't seem soon enough, but you will get to sleep again sometime in the next year or so =)  (It does sound like a long time when you say it out loud.  Sorry.  It'll go by fast!)  I'm excited that Khalid will be baptized by your friend.  He sounds like an enlightened man and I think it's nice for him to recognize both your and Ahmed's faith.  Khalid is a lucky baby.  I wish we could be there.  Take care and tell Ahmed hi.  Give Khalid a kiss & a squeeze.  Love, Lindy 
 Let me know if we're syncing-up.  If we're off in June - Dec, check what I have for the Red Rock Adm Ctrc (I know Dennis made some changes.  I think I have the most current, but possibly not.)  Thanks, Lindy 
 Yes, I did receive it, but I was going to call you because it was issued under my previous married name "Lindy H. Currier".  How could I get it issued in the correct name "Lindy Donoho"?  Please let me know. 
   Let me know if you need any help for Thursday's meeting. 
 Perry had asked me whether this contract had ROFR or not because he thinks it should be terminated, but CAS is still reserving capacity for the contract because it has a ROFR flag on it in CBS.  I think that this contract does not have ROFR, but could you confirm this for me?  If my memory is correct, I thought that this agreement was always done just a month or two at a time and that at the end of each term it was negotiated with the price desk (& more recently TK) to roll for another month or so.  If I'm thinking of the right contract, that would mean that it did not have a ROFR (because it was not for a year or longer) and that it terminated 3/31/2001.  Could you check the contract file for me and look at the amendment history to confirm that the agreement did not have a year or longer term?  If not, then this agreement should not have the ROFR contract on it.  Let me know.  Thanks! 
 You had asked to see a final copy of our presentation.  This is what was sent to Tracy today.  We may have a couple of inserts by Friday.  Please call me or Steve if you have any questions. 
 CAS continues to reserve the capacity under the contract, as if it's not terminated, as long as there is a ROFR flag on the contract.  ROFR indicates that the customer has a contractual right to extend the contract pursuant to certain parameters in the tariff. 
 I have nothing to report.  Thx Lindy 
 Thanks! 
 FYI for our meeting Tuesday, 11/27 at 2:00 with Dave. 
 It had come up in a meeting that TW was being allocated some $$ associated with NNG personnel (probably storage desk in Houston & Omaha and risk management people).  Is there anyway that you can tell us the people (partial people) who are being allocated to TW? 
 I'm a little nervous actually commenting that we have Shipper imbalances.  Here are my comments. 
 I like Terry's suggestion.  In fact, in the preceding paragraph and the following paragraph where we refer to "shippers", we could refer to "customers" instead. 
 My other comments on the tariff sheets were as follows:  Section 35.2 2nd paragraph, 3rd sentence.  Explanation of "incremental revenue".  When we talk about revenues which TW already receives from reservation charges being paid prior to the bid period.  What if we're taking bids on future capacity and we're trying to get revenue that is incremental to reservations charges we're not necessarily being paid yet?  The language is so specific.  Can we change the language to refer to revenues incremental to what TW already has contractually committed?  2nd paragraph, last sentence.  The phrase "guaranteed throughput volume service applies only in the case of a negotiated rate".  What does this mean?  TK & I were both a littles confused by this language.  4th paragraph, 4th sentence.  The phrase "the value of the index based rate bids will be calculated using the applicable published indices available on the bid deadline".  TK, is the phrase "published indices" generic enough or should we use something broader that might encompass basis quotes?  I realize it will probably have to be something that is published. 
 Amy confirmed for me that USGT's scheduled volumes West on Ctrcc 27161 since 11/1/01 total 13,785.  She is not including the volumes for today (11/20), since it's not a final volume for the day yet. 
 See how this looks. 
 Attached is the slide detailing expansions to California as of 11/7/2001.  Please review and forward as needed to JPMorgan. 
 Dan asked me for a copy of the offer we sent to SoCal on the billing issue.  I must have deleted the e:mail.  Do you still have it electronically & if so, could you forward it to Dan?  He's interested in the excel spreadsheet with the $$ impact.  Thanks! Lindy 
 I have a 2:00 meeting with a customer.  It should only last about an hour, but I might be able to be there until 3:15 or 3:30. 
 How does this look?    Also, I did change some numbers in the excel spreadsheet:  The Ignacio to Blanco subscription levels were pulling from the row excluding ROFR capacity in the supporting sheet.  I changed it to be consistent with the other 	capacities (which include ROFR capacity).  Shelley had made some assumptions about East of Thoreau capacity subscription, such as, the USGT 400,000/d contract would remain subscribed (it doesn't 	have ROFR) and she had included the extension of 2-3 other contracts that don't have ROFR.  These contracts were then dropped after 2005.  I continued the 	extensions through 2006.  I changed the East of Thoreau capacity to 750,000/d from 850,000/d. 
 TK, Would you be able to attend this meeting at 3:00?  I will be there ASAP (maybe at 3:00 even), but I'm meeting on the electric compression agreements at 2:00 and I think I may not be able to get to this meeting until 3:15 or 3:30.  Please let Ramona know.  Thanks! 
 Attached are our responses to # 1, 17, 18, 19, 20 & 21 for Transwestern.  Rick, for your review, Amy Mulligan gave me the volumes each month for Calpine & Griffith.  We used actual volumes delivered (not scheduled volumes), per question #19. 
   Thanks, Lindy 
 Here is the final except the "contributions" slide we discussed.  (We may have a "strategy" slide to insert Friday as well.)  Call me with any questions 36007. 
 No.  I can't open/print it either. 
 Could you please put me on your distribution list?  I've found your summari= es to be very helpful - I usually get them forwarded to me by someone, but = I may not be getting all of them.  Thanks! 
 Mark, Here is the e:mail about BP Chemicals.  Thank you for your help. Lindy  (Dawn, Mark is with ENA on the Texas Desk and is going to try to track this down.) 
 Happy birthday to you!  Happy birthday to you!  Happy birthday dear Margy, happy birthday to you!  How are you?  Brett?  Shayne & Summer?  Your family?  I hope everyone is well and coping with all that has happened.  We are fine down here.  My mom & Charlie are coming for a visit next week.  They were flying, but now they're driving.  I think we could all get into the whole family truckster thing again.  Tony & I have decided we probably need the van with the TV/VCR in the ceiling now.  By the way, how is Summer?  What did the doctor have to say about her germ thing, etc?  I hope you all are working through that ok.  I hope you are doing something special for your birthday - going out to dinner with your family & kids and/or maybe a night out with just Brett & you - there's a treat!  Tony & I got a babysitter (one of Sam's teachers) last Saturday for no particular reason and just went out to eat & to a movie (Serendipity - it was a cute romantic comedy.  Just about all I need these days - light & funny & not too much brain power.)  Well, please take the time to celebrate this day - the day we all lucked out and you were born!  Tell Brett it really was his lucky day!  Spend some time with your mom & dad - they were both there =)  And remember the best birthday gift you ever got - the gift of this life - what more wonderful thing could there be?  It was a gift to all of us that have the pure pleasure of knowing you, Margy.  My life would not be the same without you =)  I love you & miss you, my friend.  Lindy XO 
 Attached is Steve Harris' presentation.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  My extension is 36007.  Thanks, Lindy 
   For 3:00 meeting with Danny. 
 Thank you! 
   Here it is.  I'm going to be making some changes before our 3:00 meeting w/ Danny today.  I was planning on having the final to you tomorrow after I make any other changes we discuss in that meeting. 
 TK could you update these prices for me for the Stan Presentation (one more time - it's due to Tracy on Thurs)?  I don't need the historical NYMEX again, unless Vernon has the NYMEX settle price for Jan - Sept '01 (Weren't the historical numbers from last week Inside FERC because we were having a system problem?)  I need them by tomorrow after lunch.  I'm in a meeting from 8:00 to 12:00 tomorrow.  If you have any questions, leave me a voicemail - I'll check it during break. 
 Here's this message. 
 Yes, I set it up with Ken & Dan.  We had a good discussion.  I'm going up for the weekly Imbalance meeting today to discuss some things with Darrell and Richard (Dan will be there).  Tracy & I are also meeting with Dan & John on Thursday to try to "diagram" some of the accounting process with imbalances, linepack & fuel (LOOK OUT!).  When we get the explanation organized, we will be presenting it to all y'all =)  I hope you had a nice weekend in San Antonio.  I know the weather was wonderful.  Hope Hershal is doing better.  Take Care, Lindy 
 Attached is the list of items and prices.  I'll put a check for $37 in Amanda's bag today (if I'm there before you) or tomorrow.  It might be today if I can arrange to meet Rita to drop-off my items to her during lunch.  Maybe I'll get to see you there dropping-off stuff - I'd love to see everything picked-out.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Lindy 
 This is the speadsheet we have been working off of for the 2010 model that Kevin Howard is running.  Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to summarize this for you in a more useful format for your reference.  Lindy 
 Steve Harris asked me to forward these slides of the Red Rock expansion and Sun Devil project.  Please call me if you have any questions at X36007. 
 Thurs, 10/4 is good for me.  Let me know what time.  Thanks! 
 $152MM trsp margins + $33MM fuel + $10MM stretch = $195MM Total Margins - $14MM Expenses = $181 MM Net Commercial Contribution 
  Here's the note on TK's party.  Love You, Lind 
 I have reviewed the La Plata Facilities O&O Agreement.  Lee, could you please review the same and see if you agree with this assessment?  It appears to me that the pigging facilties could qualify as either of the following:  Special Services.  This would be subject to prior written consent and agreement between the Operator (TW) and the Operating Committee (TW & NWPLRepresentatives).  If NWPL agreed, their share of the cost would be in proportion to their ownership interest.  If we did obtain their approval, future O&M cost attributable to the pigging facilities could be shared among the owners.  (We've agreed to a flat fee for 2000 through 2003 with a 3.5% escalator starting in 2001.)  Addition or Expansion.  Demonstrate that the pigging will add incremental transmission capacity. We have to give notice to NWPL and they have 60 days to participate.  If they participate, they share in the cost at their ownership interest, but they get a share of the incremental capacity at their ownership interest.  If they don't indicate a desire to participate in 60 days, we can proceed with the Expansion (without any approval, but also no cost sharing).  Also, any incremental O&M associated with an expansion cannot be passed on to any owners not participating in such expansion.  I think if we went the Special Services route, we would need to justify the need for these facilities to maintain the integrity and efficiency of the facilities at current levels.  I think we would spend alot of time arguing this with them and in the end they would probably approve it subject to them not incurring any cost.  (They probably don't have $260,000 ($1.5MM * .174) sitting around in a budget somewhere that they'd like to fork over for these facilities.)  Rich, what do you think?  How difficult would it be to demonstrate that these facilities are necessary for maintaining the current operating levels of the facilities?  Recommendation:  To save us the 60 days notice period of an Expansion, I think we should notify them that it's a necessary Special Service and ask for approval (& to pass along their share of the cost), but to be prepared to eat 100% of the costs to obtain their timely approval and proceed with the installation of the facilities.  In this event we would need to agree on the inclusion of future O&M attributable to these facilities.  FYI, their ownership interest is still officially 22.3% since they have not executed the Amendment that has been tendered to them 3 times, first by me and twice by Lynn Blair.  If	they execute the Amendment that incorporates the 4/1/98 expansion of the facilities, their ownership interest will be 17.4%. 
 Either time is good for me. 
 Good job!! 
 I have nothing to report =) 
 No problem-o! 
 I'm sorry I will not be able to attend.  Hope you all have a wonderful time! 
 According to Glen, these were just orders granting rehearing on some issues= .  We still have to proceed with compliance of the requirements.  We're sub= mitting our first report on Friday for the month of August. 
 It loods good!  Thank you so much.  I'll let you know if we need anything else after Steve looks at the graphs/charts. 
   It looks good!  I had a few comments on pages 7 & 9.  Also, on page 13 - # 26 & 27, is there any benefit to more specifically describing why we "understood" and why they "knew" that the San Juan lateral contract would be base loaded due to their long-term firm supply arrangement with Pan Alberta that existed prior to and after the Global Settlement rates were negotiated?  FERC is aware of this longstanding and complex arrangement involving PGT, NWPL, TW, Pan Alberta, SoCal and SoCal's affiliate, PITCO.  It would seem a huge oversight on SoCal's part that this lower rate they supposedly negotiated and agreed to with TW was not memorialized in the Global Settlement or in TW's tariff.  This is a rate that applies to two-thirds of the volumes SoCal transports under contract 8255 and allegedly SoCal and TW had some verbal agreement (with a 10 year term) that would apply to these volumes. 
 Either time is good for me. 
 Yes, please.  I need the 2002 At-A-Glance, the smaller one with one month per two pages.  Please see my current calendar on my desk if this does not make sense.  Thanks Audrey! 
 I just wanted to say it was good to see you the other day, though brief =)  Let's get together soon for lunch or something.  I'm missing my Bob time! 
 I can be there. 
 Per our conference call today, here are some ideas to get TW Settlement Value.  1.	SoCal to commit to TW to let us schedule transport at the SoCal/Topock (South Needles) delivery point.  2.	SoCal to turnback 20,000 to 25,000/d of receipt capacity from the WTX Pool, at no cost to TW (SoCal continues to pay for it).  3.	TW has been scheduling PG&E's payback to SoCal at SoCal/Topock to help PG&E and SoCal.  SoCal to schedule this as transport from PG&E/Topock (as a RP) to SoCal/Topock (DP) and pay TW transport fee.  4.	SoCal to agree (in writing) to dedicate to TW the incremental 50,000/d at Needles becoming available Jan, 2002 until Red Rock Expansion in-service.  5.	SoCal to amend their OBA to dollar-valued (from volumetric) and cash-out their existing OBA with TW (at TW's index value).  6.	SoCal to sell storage to TW.  7.	SoCal to purchase incremental Thoreau to West of Thoreau capacity from TW.  8.	Extension of SoCal's mainline &/or San Juan lateral contracts.  Or early notice of termination or early notice of ROFR trigger (so that we would have the opportunity to remarket it). 
 Can we all plan to get on the phone with Maria tomorrow (Thurs) at 10:00 to discuss some questions with Elizabeth about East of CA?  We've apparently been inconsistent in our interpretation for different purposes (reporting and system mod's, etc.) and want to get it all straight.  Elizabeth, can you come to th 13th floor and then we'll grab a room/table/office and call Maria?  Thanks! 
 Maria, Please let me know when  you can meet tomorrow.  TK is out tomorrow through Dec 26th, but we can't meet this afternoon because Elizabeth is out today.  So, let me know when Elizabeth & I can get with you tomorrow. 
 Please let me know a soon as possible this morning (by 9:30 if possible) what the annual dollars are we collect from NWPL & PNM for the Blanco Hub and from NWPL for the La Plata Facilities.  I need the total dollars (both the Operating and Market Services together).  I just need a ballpark number.  Whatever was the agreed to budget for 2001 on the Blanco Hub and whatever that flat fee is for the 3 years on the La Plata Facilities.  THANK YOU!!  Lindy 
 Kevin needs to know how much money TW made in 2001 on excess fuel sales (whatever is the most current number - 3rd CE?).  And then he would also like to know revenue in the 2002 Plan dependent on excess fuel sales - let's use the Plan numbers as submitted in Nov.  (FYI Kevin, we are re-looking at the 2002 Plan right now & there could be changes.) 
 In an effort to get cash in the door for TW and to maximize revenue opportunity for TW in the coming year, I think we should look at getting two proposals on file with the FERC as soon as possible.  One would be the OBA filing we have been discussing (and trying to support with historical data) to get automatic cash-out on OBA's in "constrained" areas on TW.  Second would be to look at filing for scheduling by price at alternate FT points.  This may be the time (the market to California is not so hot) to try to implement this.  I know we will have to look hard at the cost of the system modifications required and whether we can justify them.  Glen is already scheduling a meeting next week for further discussion of the OBA tariff filing.  Could we discuss scheduling alternate FT by price at the same meeting? 
 The total number would be $330,000 per year. 
 Thanks for your prompt response! 
 Where is Lisa's Office? 
 Thanks Glen! 
 I took 3 vacation days 12/4, 12/5 & 12/6.  Thanks Audrey! 
 Thank you for all of your help!  I appreciate your quick response.  Lindy 
 Amy & Ahmed, Thank you so much for the pictures of Khalid.  We are so disappointed we will not get to see him at Christmas.  Maybe we can plan a trip to Memphis sometime in the coming year.  I wanted to let you know that we've sent a box of "stuff" to your house.  They are hand-me-downs from Sammy - clothes & his whirlin' twirlin' garden.  Please feel free to sell in a garage sale or donate anything you don't want/need.  Hopefully he can get some use out of some things. How are you all?  Getting ready for the trip to Omaha?  Are you driving or flying?  Everyone is good here.  We will get the kids Friday and have them until the evening of Christmas Eve.  Sam is having a Christmas party at school this Thursday.  I'm going to be baking cookies for that.  Sam is wonderful!!  He is the sweetest boy.  I've finally figured-out the digital camara, so I'll try to send some pic's soon. Take care.  We love & miss you.  Lindy 
 Per our discussions yesterday, I did find an Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P. Order On Rehearing in my file, dated August 5, 1997 in Docket No. RP97-126-002 (80 FERC P61,199) concerning scheduling alt FT by price.  On reviewing it again, some key points were:  Allocate based on the highest percentage of the maximum rate - the rate used being the rate for the package of services that includes those secondary rights. The Commission maintains that all firm capacity, once scheduled, be curtailed pro rata, without regard to price.  Panhandle also filed on March 14, 1997 for scheduling alt FT by price at Docket No. RP97-291 (it's referenced in footnotes, but I don't have a copy of the filing). 
 Craig, What is the definition of "non-standard" for your purposes?  Give me a call to discuss and I'll verify. (X36007) Thanks! Lindy 
 Thanks for setting this up! 
 We spoke briefly with Randy this morning and let him know that Richardson took the gas in Dec the 22-31.  He was okay with this.  He wants to wait to change the volume until the 12th.  We told him you would let him know later today the amount he should nominate for Jan 12-31.  Here's our calculation.  Please confirm or correct and forward to Randy when you get in this afternoon.  Thanks!  January amount		361,708 December amount	112,452 ----------- Total			474,160 Sched 1/1-1/11*		186,129 ----------- Sched 1/12-1/31		288,031  *Still assuming 21,447 for 1/11.   Daily Sched 1/12-1/31	 14,402 
 Please mark me down for: 1/1	Holiday 1/2	Sick Day 1/3	Vacation Day (8 hours) 1/4	"Friday Off" Thanks, Lindy 
 Could you run that report for me of the current and future effective firm contracts on TW?  Thank you! Lindy 
 Yes.  I have 3:00-4:00 on my calendar for Thursday, October 25th.  Please let me know the location. 
 Thank you for your quick response =) 
 Hi Ken!  I heard in our Staff Mtg that you were "going over to the other side"  =)  I will miss you, but I wish you good luck.  When you have a minute, call me and let me know your reflections on your new opportunity.  I hope you're doing okay - going with the flow.  Who knows - in a few months we could be reunited - stranger things have happened!  Lindy 
 Absolutely!  Currently, my title is "Director Customer Service Initiatives (I think?), Marketing, Transwestern Pipeline Company". 
 The only thing I have to add, if this is our premise, Williams Field Services is not an "owner" of the Blanco Hub.  Only PNM, NWPL and Transwestern are owners and should be the only parties that can transport gas across the hub header system without a fee (because they are in effect transporting on their own pipeline).  I'm wondering if it's appropriate for WFS to have a "hub" agreement, if the purpose is for the Operator (TW) to be able identify transactions scheduled across the hub on the owners' capacity. 
 I taked with Kathy about WFS.  They are not an owner, but are transporting on NWPL's capacity in the Hub.  Please see the attached revised document where I've added to the explanation of the Hub agreements. 
 Please see the attached PowerPoint presentation.  This is a first draft of certain sections (Industry Environment, Competitive Environment and Revenue Generation) of the TW Ratings Package. 
 Thanks!  I just wanted to know the schedule to see if we needed to leave a key out for ya'll on Thursday or anything.  Sam & I will be home by the time you get to the house.  Friday is my day off, so that works out well.  We're looking forward to seeing you guys! Get ready to be "bossed" by the master =)  Sam's running the show!  Love, Lindy 
 I am planning on taking vacation on the following days:  1/2 day		Monday morning, 1/28 2 days		Thursday & Friday, 1/31 & 2/1 (Sam's school is closed)  Please let me know if there are any conflicts with this schedule.  Thanks, Lindy 
 I'm sorry I won't be in the office tomorrow.  Lindy 
 I was trying to respond to your message about the IOS meeting Friday & I lost it.  I will not be able to be at the meeting.  I am not in the office on Friday.  Please let me know if it will be rescheduled or when we can meet to discuss.  Thanks again, Lindy 
 Teb, I'm sorry I wasn't in this morning.  Can you fill me in on the meeting when you have time? Thanks, Lindy X36007 
 What is the elementary school for the Autumn Lake subdivision?  Thank you, Lindy Donoho 
 Amy & Ahmed, Sorry it's taken me so long to reply.  Thank you for the darling pictures of Khalid.  I'm going to have to change my screensaver here at work because I still have one of the "washed in stardust" pic's and of course he's totally changed!  He's so handsome and has such a pretty complexion - and those beautiful, big, brown eyes - what a sweetheart! We had a great visit with "PaPaFlo"!  Dad (Cal our Dad) taught Sam to jump (sort of) and now he's unable to just walk anywhere, but has to jump his way where ever he goes (thanks Dad!).  I think PaPaFlo (which now refers to your mom and Dad simultaneaously) got satisfactorily worn-out by their toddling grandson.  We went on the slide, "go to swingies", "play-da-cars", "draw-da-picture", "play-da-firetruck", "ride-da-wagon" and "read-da-book" - and I was happy to hear PaPaFlo proceeding each of those phrases rather than Mommy.  Sam is busy! I heard Khalid had a cough.  I hope that clears up soon.  I also heard you were looking at a new house.  That's exciting - I'm sure you could use the room.  Good luck with that! Tony is on the third week of his new job.  It seems to be going well.  He was bored, but now they gave him two houses in the sheetrock stage to finish.  I hope Ahmed's new job is good too.  Amy, I heard your job was working well from a flexibility standpoint with Khalid.  That is really a blessing. I won't mention how my job is going, except I'm still here and we don't know anything you don't know. We were sad to hear about Mr. Sutton. The kids are all fine.  Missy was disappointed she didn't get to see your mom and Dad while they were here.  She probably thought she might get a present =) I need to get out the digital camara and get some new pic's of Sam.  I'll try to get those your way soon.  I'm sure Dad & Flo will have some from their visit too.  Take care! Love, Lindy, Tony, Sam & the kids 
 Ken, Did you tell me once that you had documented the calculations contained in the Daily Balance report?  I'm thinking (oh-oh) that I might not be able to talk with you after Friday and I wondered if you could send me a copy of your documentation &/or let me know who will have the file (Richard Hanagriff)?  Thanks, Lindy 
 How are you?!  It's so good to hear from you.  Of course I get the updates from Lorrainey & I knew about your new job.  I hope everything is going well there.  Lorraine said that you really liked it.  I thought of Florabama when I heard you were hired at Duke.  Lucky we didn't do anything truly offensive (I don't think) in our negotiations with them.  We need to meet you for lunch someday.  It would be great to see Jeff too, if we could get ahold of him.  He called the other day with a building question.  He sounded good and said Lisa had some irons in the fire.  Everything here is...wierd!!  And it's pretty sad.  The NNG commercial people go over (red rover, red rover) to Dynegy starting Friday.  (This would include Mary Kay - talk about a midlife crisis!)  It's all pretty sad (along with Lay resignation, Baxter suicide, etc.)  The new guy started today - who knows?!  How is Craig?  It looks like Calpine is holding their own.  I've left some messages for Diana, but haven't heard back from her.  Sam is wonderful.  He is talking alot and he's very busy!!  My dad and my stepmom, Flo, were here this last weekend for a visit.  Tony and I got to go out to dinner and to a movie - WOW!  Thanks for keeping in touch.  Let's rally the troops soon for a ladies luncheon.  Lindy 
 Can I help you with anything else for the TW presentation? 
 FYI - status of TW presentation. 
 March 9th would  be good for us.  Thanks!  Lindy 
 This Wed or Thurs, could you update the monthly Cal '02 prices for me again?  Permian San Juan SoCalGas  Hopefully, this will be the last time.  I need to give Tracy the final version of an abbreviated presentation (for Ken Lay mtg 11/8) by the end of this week.  I just wanted to refresh the numbers one more time. 
 It's a kids weekend, so we'll see if we can get babysitters. 
 Here is a diagram of the general segment capacities on Transwestern for the past 2006 analysis.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Lindy 
 Jan already has TW's average historical rates derived from TW's actuals (contract rates and throughput/MAXDTQ's) totaled up to TW's contract paths for 2000 and 2001.  I am going to use these numbers to allocate the path average rates to the pipeline segments in Davis' template. 
   Here's the file. 
 Michael, I prepared the TW Marketing slides.  I have been incorporating Kim and Steve's comments.  You can work with me on any questions you have or any additional information you may need from Marketing. I follow-up on your notes in red.  Thx, Lindy 
 Here's what Ron worked up. 
 The "Total 2001 Revenue" number for slide 26 is $179,447,244.  The percentages are:  SoCal		30% Texaco		9% PG&E		9% Sempra		8% BP Energy	6% Duke		4% El Paso		4% Burlington	3% Agave		3% USGT		3% Other Shippers	22% ($38,875,051) 
 The source for "Growing Power Generation Markets" pie slide is the Arizona Corporation Commission (this is Arizona's PUC). 
