. Take care and be sure to say hi to Jen.  Chris 
 Jackie,  I'm glad you made it through another Dancentral production. All is going we= ll hear. Work is very busy. I didn't know that Andrea was expecting again. = Be sure to send my congrats and best wishes. I hope Mark is feeling better.= He is too yound to be so stress. Sounds like your new house is beautiful. = I bet you are looking forward to being all settled. Better get back to work= . Great to hear from you and please send my best to everyone.  Chris 
 Would you like to buy some $84 ENE Calls? How is you day going? Did you come to an agreement regarding your trip? Let me know what time you are going to be home tonight and I'll give you shout.  Chris 
 The girl of my dreams. 
 I checked out the whiskey on Saturday. Pretty cool club but the music has to go. And the whole no one under 35 policy really detracts from the talent. Mike is coming to town on Saturday and we are going to hit the town. Talk to you later. I have an excellent instilling jealous rage in the ex story for you but I'll save it to tell you in person.  Chris 
 How about TD bank. The gift that keeps on giving. Power still weak. 
 Have you made a packing list yet? I would have. Getting excited I bet. Better get back to work. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 Thanx  I'll keep those suggestions on file. I got him a pretty cool hammock from this Sharper Image type place. Hopefully it will help him relax a little.  Chris 
 No chance of me getting back on the cougar trail. I have devoted myself to scouting out dumb blondes under the age of 25. Ideally I will find some 22 year old Britney Spears look alike. Wish me well.  Chris 
 I'll be there for the wedding. No stag for me though. 
 I had to put the cougar to sleep. Too annoying for words. What happened to the hot from the picture? 
 I slept (was passed out) through the whole thing. My car is on the 4th floor of the parkade so luckily it was fine. I love the MTV movie awards. Shannon Elizabeth rules. Halle Berry naked in Swordfish. Can't wait. What's new with you? 
 Grant,  Who is your contact at Zargon? We have a discrepency between tagg and the confirm on the term of a deal and I need to talk to the marketing contact to figure out what is correct. We sold them a cal 01 crude put (according to the confirm) but the system has it continuing until feb 02.  Thanx Chris 
 What's up? I nearly drowned on the way home the other day. Beautiful weather we're having. Are you feeling better? I got a cold but I feel better today. The trick is getting 10 hours of sleep a night. Tonight is the MTV movie awards. I really need to get a life. I mentioned the party to Rob but he forgot to ask Darlene. I'll let you know if they are coming tommorow. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 You can send it at any time during the day.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 John,  Rob and I are both in for golf on Sunday.  Chris 
 No problem. 
 You are in charge. I think some DVD's is a super plan. I was also thinking that a really nice hammock would be a great gift but I have no idea where to get one. I will talk to mom and see if she knows where we could get one.  Chris 
 Rod,  I was thinking of buying my dad some cd's for father's day. Any suggestions? Be sure let Christina know I hope that she is feeling better.  Chris 
   Pls migrate and notify of any help needed.  Daniel (281-541-6203) 
 I would e-mail rod but fucking outlook lost my address book. Do you have his e-mail. 
 Good idea. I'll e-mail Rod and see if he has any other suggestions.  Chris 
 Isn't it June 17. I got him a card but not a present yet. I got the card when I was home and put both our names on it. What do you want to do about a gift? 
 that is some funny shit. how did you make out on saturday? I bailed and went home. we are going to hit the whiskey on saturday. should be good. talk to you later.  chris 
 Do I just come down and change my card ?  Chris Dorland 3-1663 
 I replied to this message earlier that I would like to move to the Enron Center garage but have not received a reply. Can I just go to the parking desk on level 3 and change my 1600 Smith card?  Chris Dorland 3-1663 
 Very nice! I hate it when that happens. How is you week going? Mine has been pretty crazy but we're half way there. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 Rod,  When I am in the US can I buy/sell securities in my RRSP?  Chris 
 What's going on? Making some $? I having a pretty good month. What do you think of the stock market? I am practically all cash and Enron. Thinking of buying some TD and Royal Bank. Any great ideas?  Chris 
 Thanx! 
 403-343-0911? 
 Congrats! How was Bali? I've heard it is beautiful.  cd 
 If you didn't get the e-mail I just sent you with a link in it check out the latest www.theonion.com  cd 
 Just a little something to brighten up your weekend! 
 I'm glad you had a good time. I know about 2 DM songs so I don't think I would have had as much fun in the rain.  cd 
 Did you get her address? 
 That guy has a huge pussy!  cd 
 I think that you should make her something. Perhaps you could draw a picture or make something out of paper mache. I'll stop by Tiffany's and see if they have anything to go with her bracelet and earings (from x-mas).  Later skater...   cd 
 Rod,  What do you think of the Canadian bank stocks? Relative to their US counterparts they seem cheap. I know that the discount is due regulation (no take overs or mergers) but in a 4% interest rate environment a 4% dividend yield looks pretty attractive. Not to mention they continue to crank out earnings quarter after quarter.  Chris 
 Did you send Amanda a card? 
 Hi  Sorry if I blew your party girl cover with one of your colleauges. Cooper and I were out on one of our many walks and I thought I would say hi. Hope you are feeling better now. Saturday was fun. I shouldn't have gone to the bar. Ended up losing Max at the drink and going home. He was on a rant about his girlfriend and how women are all screwed up. I imagine he picked up some lonely girl. I would love to do lunch one day next week. Let me know when is good for you and if you like sushi. Take it easy.  Chris 
 Hey,  What's up? Dave is in Mexico but I will call Scott and see if he has plans. We might be having a trading group bonding session (dinner and intense drunkeness) on Friday at my boss's hoose but if not I'd love to check out the game. Can I let you know tommorow? Let me know...  Chris 
 Crystal,  Scott is off to Dallas for the weekend but I think I can swing checking out a game on Friday. How many people? I'll try to find some Enron tickets. Let me know...  Chris 
 Tych,  I'm looking for 4 tickets for Friday's Astros game. If you stumble upon any let me know.  Thanx  Chris 
 Stock market is exploding. Dow 11133 (up 260). Nasdaq 2150 (up 60). It has to be higher than where you bought now?  Chris 
 You de man! 
 I have 4 tickets for Friday. I don't know if they are good, bad or what but they are free. Talk to you later.  Chris 
 I would like to move to the Enron Center garage.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 713-853-1633 
 Hey!  I think I am going to go home early so do you want to meet at my place around 6:30?  Chris 
 Chris Dorland Home 713-588-5131 Cell 713-416-6694 
 Chris Dorland 401-3511 14a St. SW Calgary, AB T2T 3Y1 403-214-0454  Are these change meant to keep me from losing 30% again this year?  Chris 
 elequently written 
 How was the Polo match? Did you catch the Sopranos season finale? A little disappointing if you ask me. I worked out yesterday and I can't straighten my arms. A little uncomfortable. Bring on the Advil. Talk to you later...  Chris 
 You not working today? I called like 3 times. Did you hear about Jaimie Hawley's litttle brother? She must be a mess. I haven't got anything for Mom's b-day yet. Any great ideas? Did she get her flowers for Mother's day? Father's day is coming up June 17. Maybe we should give Dad that Arnold Palmer flag for father's day. Later...  Chris 
 Did you see the quote in the Wall Street journal? Check it out.  Chris 
 no 
 taking off for the day... give me a shout on my cell  Chris 
 I don't know what my user name an password are for the system.  Chris Dorland 
 I don't think the machine that I use for ICE has been upgraded to windows 2000. There is no business applications selection under start>>programs>>on this machine.  Chris 
 Hey!  Is Johnny available on Saturday night? We need to think of something to do though. Let me know.  Chris 
 Any interest in playing golf Sunday with Ryan, my Dad and I ?  Chris 
 Dad,  Please don't forget to make tee times for Saturday and Sunday. I was thinking around noon Saturday and around 4pm on Sunday (Ryan can't make it untill then).  Thanx,  Chris 
 I think Rob and I might try to golf (or just hit some balls) after work. If we do we will probably go to Tradition (way North). I'll let you know. If I'm not going to be home I could leave your Amex in an envelope at the office of my apartment or you could grab it when I get back. Let me know...  Chris 
 you are the best j 
 Teri thanx for Al's address. I have Jan's info. for you  p. 416-205-4542 jwilson@sempratrading.com 
 Al,  How you doing? Just ran into Teri at Starbucks and she sent me your e-mail. Hope all is well with you and your family. I have one of the pictures of Madison you gave Mom in my house. She is soo cute! Anywany take care and if you find yourself in Calgary give me a call.  Chris  w 403-974-6910 h 403-214-0454 
 Mikey,  You checking this e-mail yet. Gowans called me last night and I got to hear all about how great her boyfriend is. Drop me a line.  Chris 
 Did you get the RRSP contribution I sent?  I need you to make a copy of the check and send me that and a receipt.  Thanx  Chris 
 What time are you going for beers? 
 Great concept. A little pricey.. 
 Hi Traci,  I hope you are having a good week. I am still a little tired from the weekend. Went out with my brother and a bunch of friends friday and saturday. Superbowl on sunday. Made for a very long monday. I have cooking class #2 tonight (soups and stocks). Should be a good time. Starting to get a little busier at work. Hopefully we will be up and trading sometime next week. I am coming to Red Deer this weekend. If you aren't busy we should do something on Saturday night. Have a great week and I will talk to you soon.  Chris 
 You should log on to MSN messenger. 
 test 
 Ryan,  You need to log onto msn IM.  Chris 
 thank you 
 Tricia,  Have you looked in to the stock option line item on my pay stub yet? The number on the stub is about 36000 and I think about 18000 is accurate.  Chris 
 Feel free to add to this.... 
 Dave,  What's up? Lovin' life in Calgary and looking forward to getting back to work. Hope your golf game and chika are doing equally well. Say hi to Scott, Eric and Brian. Drop me a line if you get a second. Take it easy.  Chris  chris.dorland@enron.com cdorland@hotmail.com h 403-214-0454 w 403-974-6910 
 Chris  Any progress getting us access to the fundy site? We would really like to be able to look at the weather ect..   Thanx  Chris 
 Lisa in Alberta.com people finder. o'connors chick 
 don't forget about O'connors chick 
 Gowans J 205-2705 Gowans J 244-0585 McBride T 346-8710 
 Simon Kwont Tiffany & Co. 85 Bloor St. West Toronto, ON M5S 1M1 416-921-3900 
 sounds like marriage to me.... 
 Check last years tax return for RRSP contribution limit. 
 Just wondering if you guys had looked into the mystery option exercise income that is showing up on my pay stub?  Chris 
 cdorland@hotmail.com 
 Dana  Fletch wants to sell 250 December PJM's at 36. Call me if you want those. Chris 3-1663 
 Thanx  cd 
 How's it going? Did you have a good time in Victoria? I have been running around like a chicken with my head cut off trying to get ready to move. Went to Red Deer this weekend and played a little golf. Pretty relaxing. I have so much shit to do. I better hop.  Chris 
 Ricardo,  I will be joining the East power desk at the beginning of October and I am trying to get up to speed on the PJM market. Kevin Prestor thought you would be able to help me find some data. I am looking for the following historics in excel format (send as much data as you have and feel free to include anything else that you think might be relevant):  - Daily prices for PJM( West), Cinergy, NEPP, NYPP, TVA and ERCOT - HDD's and CDD's for Philedelphia, Allentown Washington DC, Baltimore, Pittsburg, Newark, New York City, Cinncinati and any other cities that are relevant ? - Supply outage data for PJM - Daily Import / Exprot data for PJM - Historic daily nat gas prices Transco Zone 6 ( NY and Non-NY), Chicago, ... ???  Again, please feel free to make any suggestions. I am very new to the world of power and it is likely that I have overlooked something very obvious.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 Dad,  Did you get my message about my parking tag?  Chris 
 Kim,  Should I be worried that I haven't book movers yet?  Chris 
 Could you please send the documents to our office in Calgary.  Chris Dorland Enron Canada Corp. 3500 Canterra Tower 400 - 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, AB   Canada T2P 4H2  Thanx,  Chris 
 Margaret,  I received my transcripts from University today. I will send them by FedEx.  Chris 
 Margaret,  Just wanted to make sure you got the info. I sent on Thursday. How is the visa coming?  Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 I am starting to wade through it. The US health care system is very different from the Canadian but the Enron coverage seems quite comprehensive.  Chris 
 Kim,  I sent all of my Visa application information to Margaret by FedEx today.  Just thought I would keep you in the loop!  Chris 
 When you download MP3 files you should download them in 128 kps format. That is CD quality sound and you can get about 30 minutes of music on 32MB of memory on an MP3 player. You can sort by that format on Napster.  Chris 
 Chris,  I don't have AOL but I'll try to get set up this afternoon.  Thanx,  CD 
 Mine has 32 MB. You need way more that that. You can buy memory cards for most players. Check out  www.riohome.com  Chris 
 What is this stuff?  Chris 
 Carla,  Just wanted to confirm that you sent the package I left on your desk. Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I sent you a package by FEDEX today. I will fax copies of my diploma and transcripts as soon as I recieve them.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Carol,  What document are you referring to in this e-mail?  I have received so much stuff lately I don't know what I have and what I don't have.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kim,  I received the benefit book and will look through it tonight. Do you know the name of the lady I am susposed to be in contact with at Enron relocation services? She called me yesterday but I have forgotten her name. I am wondering if I need to have my visa done before she will book the movers. In regards to my visa, I have gathered pretty much all the info. that Margaret needs with the exception of University transcripts. I had to order those and probably won't get them untill early next week.  Thank you for all your help!  Chris 
 Dad,  I booked a tee time for Saturday at 1:44pm.  Chris 
 Things are crazy. I still don't have a moving date or work visa but every one assures me I have lots of time. I would go to a store like future shop or look on the internet at chapters.ca. All electronics / stereo shops have them now. Make sure you get one with lots of memory. Take it easy.  Chris 
 Margaret,  I have completed all of the information and am awaiting my University transcripts. The copy in my HR file is missing and I have ordered some but this may take 2-3 days. Should I send the other info. and forward the transcripts when I receive them or wait and send it all together?  Let me know,  Chris 
 I do have one running for my RRSP account. $500 per month. I was wrong about my unregistered account.  Chris 
 TJae do you know the phone number for the doctor's office?  Thanx  Chris 
 Don't forget to cancel that PAC for me?  Talk to you later.  Chris 
 Kim,  Could you please explain (pretent you are talking to a 4 year old) the details of the following.  a) Health care coverage provided by Enron and any costs associated with that coverage including: - Medical - Dental - Vision Is this enough coverage? Is there supplemental coverage available? What is / is not covered?  b) Life / Accidental Death and Dismemberment / Disability Insurance  - What (if any) is provided coverage?  c) What programs concerning retirement saving (company matched savings, pension benefits ect...) will I participate in?  - What are these programs? - How do I sign up?  d) I am told I should opt out of social security. How does that work?  e) What is my vacation allocation? How do unused vacation day work in the US?  f) In Canada, we have a "Health Spending Account" of $1000 / year that we can allocate towards eye glasses, health club memberships ect...  - Does a similar program exist in the US?  g) I will be required to file 2 tax returns (Canada and US) in 2000. Will Enron cover the cost of having those returns prepared?  h) Is parking at the Allen Center covered in the offer? If not, could it be?  Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing from you.  Chris Dorland 
 Brad  Could you cancel my PAC plan after the September contribution.  I have thought more about the leverage idea you suggested and want to talk to you. Can I give you a call later this afternoon? What time are you going to be in the office until? What is you home phone number. I will be at the office late tonight working on move shit.  Chris 
 Brad  The lady in our HR department told me Charlotte is out on maternity leave. Do you want me to find out who else we can call?  Chris 
 Did you contact Clarica? Do I need to do anything?  Chris 
 I got the package from Fed Ex. Thought I would let you know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Carol,  Fed Ex missed me on Saturday but are going to deliver it to the office today (hopefully).  Thanx,  Chris 
 Dad,  US Thanksgiving is November 23/24. I will be coming home the night of Nov.22 and leaving on Sunday Nov. 26.  Chris 
 Dawn got my apartment  # wrong in her e-mail. This is  my correct address.  408 100 10a St. NW Calgary, AB T2N 4T3  Thanx,  Chris 
 I am wondering if you know which moving company Enron uses to move people to Houston. Despite the fact that I haven't seen the formal offer I think I should book a  mover so I don't get stuck. Let me know if you know or if there is someone in Houston I should talk to (Jennifer?).  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kim,  What is the address of the HR website where I can see my old pay stubs? I'm trying to sort out my parking situation.  Thanx  Chris 
 What do you need from me to transfer my RRSP and Penson. I want to take care of it weekend.  Chris 
 Got my number from Lavo today. $80k USD / year and a promo in Feb.  See you Saturday.  Chris 
 Kevin,  October 2 sounds fine. I am going to try to be there earlier than that but I am sure I will be in and out of the office taking care of bullshit. Will the package they are sending include info. on movers? I want to book them as soon as possible.  kcd 
 I will be moving to Houston by the end of the month. I am actually going to be trading electricity so that should be an interesting change from nat gas. We will have to hook up once I get settled. How much longer are you going to be in Boston? How far is Dallas from Houston?  Keep in touch!  Chris 
 I am leaving in a 2-3 weeks. Pretty much as soon as I can get all my shit together. Nice timing on my part. No winter for Chris. I'll think of you in the snow when I'm on the golf course.  cd 
 What do I have to give you in order to transfer this stuff? 
 Mustafa  I finally found Nav.  nrahemtulla@thecampus.com  I am moving to Houston to trade power in the Northeastern US.  Gotta hop,  Chris 
 My pension and group RRSP is with Clarica. Can I transfer those assets to you?  Chris 
 Thanx for Nav's address. Congrats on the CFA. Cowan just finished level 2. I don't think I'm going to take it after watching the hell he went through.  Chris 
 Nav,  How are you doing? What are you doing? I am still working for Enron. I have been trading nat gas for about 3 years. I am moving to Houston at the end of the month. In my next life I am going to be trading electricity in the NE US. Should be interesting. Crazy volatility. I will probably have a heart attack at 26 but that's life. Hope things are going well for you.  w/b  Chris Dorland 
 Where is AB gas? This market is such a shit show. How are things going? I am going to get fucked on broker gifts this X-mas. That sucks.  Later  CD 
 Brad,  I'm on dope. I was looking at the wrong bank statement. The $700 number sounds correct. Can you sell that stuff for me please. I'll give you a cheque this weekend to top up my RRSP.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I have never done a houseboating trip but they sound like a lot of fun. Was the weather good? Houston was hot. Very hot. I better get used to it though because I'm moving there. That is why I have been so crazy lately. I am going down there to trade power in the North East. Pretty crazy shit. I gotta hop but I'll write more later.  Chris 
 $700 ?  It has to be more than that. I had a $500/month PAC set up that I just cancelled in April. 
 Ryan,  Good to hear things are going well. I am still with Enron but I am in the process of moving to Houston. I'm going down there to trade electricity so that should be interesting change from nat gas. No wife. No house. No liver. That's about it. Hope India was a good time.  Keep in touch!  Chris  Chris.Dorland@enron.com  (ps Any idea where Nav is?) 
 What do I have with you in non-registered accounts?  Chris 
 Brad,  I have contributed $3000 this year to my RRSP through you and $3300 through Enron. What is my maximum contribution for 2000 $13500?  Is 3pm a good time for me to call you? If not, when is?  Chris 
 Tricia,  I am moving to our Houston office and have some questions regarding my RRSP and Pension with Clarica.  Can you give me a call when you have a minute on Tuesday afternoon (after 1pm when trading is done) and I will come by and see you.  Thanx,  Chris 
 How's it going. I've been in Houston all week. When are you going houseboating? Must be soon.  I'll write more later.  Chris 
 In order to access the phone system I need a password. I have requested one twice but still haven't received it.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Are you coming over on Saturday night?  We can talk then.  Chris 
 I went to Kelly Blue Book on the internet and they provide 2 values for used vehicles, a trade in value (what you might expect to get for a vehicle from a dealer on trade in) and a retail value (what you might expect to pay for a vehicle from a dealer). The following were the values it came up with for a Jeep exactly like mine in Montana (closest state).  Trade In - $15330 USD ($22750 CND) Retail - $20945 USD ($31061 CND)  The retail number seems way too high. I think something like $23 000 to $25000 would be fair.  Let me know what you think.  Chris 
 Brad,  I don't know if you've heard but I am moving to Houston at the end of September. I need to know how much I have contributed to my RRSP through you this year so I can maximize my annual contributions before I go. Can you figure this out and let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 John,  I am planning to come to Houston Wednesday and Thursday to sit with the East desk. Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming.  Chris 
 In response to this e-mail. The guy who had the party is Rob Milnthorp. He is the Pres. and CEO of Enron Canada. John Disturnall is our option trader. Jon Mckay runs Canadian trading and is my immediate boss.  I must have missed this one. 
 It is a 1997 Grand Cherokee Laredo, 55 000 km's, V8 loaded. I think it is worth about $25 Grand.  Thanx  Chris 
 I'm not on either. It is good upside down. I am crazy busy. Did you get the "Doesn't really matter.." bit. I am so funny. 
 Dad,  When are you buying mom a new Jeep? I need to sell my truck and do it fast. I was thinking I could trade it in towards mom's new one and that might be the best way to get at least decent money for it. Just a thought.  Chris 
 It doesn't really matter if you don't like the new Janet song. I'm so funny. My life is being turned upside down by work but I can't be much more specific than that. 
 POWER IS JUST AS CRAZY  I HAVE TO GO PUT ON MY RAINBOW WIG AND RED SHOES AND GET BACK TO THE CLOWN SHOW!  CD 
 Where do you get this stuff? Sorry I haven't written back but my world is being turned upside down. It is amazing how much your life can change in a day.  more to follow... 
 I got a tee time for 12:24 on Sunday.  Chris 
 Writing to confirm your receipt of my account information forms sent by fax. I wanted to make sure you had all the information you needed to set up the account. Please call me at 403-974-6910 when you have the account number.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland Enron 
 I'll be home Friday at 6pm. Dinner sounds great.  Chris 
 Looks like what I thought was happening is happening. Give me a call.  Chris 
 I talked to Rod he got me a time at 1:21 for Saturday. I'll play with my buddies on Saturday. I would like to play with you and mom in Sunday. I'll book a tee time if that is OK.  Chris 
 I would like to golf both days this weekend. Do we have times?  Let me know I can try to book some if Rod hasn't. 
 Tricia,  I want to exercise some Enron stock options but don't know who I should call. Do you have a name and/or phone number of someone? I also don't know what information I need to have in order to exercise. Could you give me a call (x6910) and help me out.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 I was not hung over yesterday. I had 3 beers and went home. How about that for self control? I watched women's gymnastics olympic trials on saturday night and did some laundry. What a loser I am. I am going to Sylvan this weekend. My friend Meghan is moving to Sydney Australia and Saturday is her going away party. Meg's cabin parties are  generally epic gong shows. I need to rest up this week. I bought in-line pants at the Gap yesterday. Now if I get some rollerblades I'll have the official pants. I don't think you need to take your rollerblades in to get the wheels rotated every week. Can't you do it yourself? I could probably even do it and I'm the most mechanically inept person in the world.  Chris 
 Kim,  Can you contact Mikie Rath regarding my 401K plan. I haven't received anything from Northern Trust and would like to get set up. I would like begin contributing as soon as possible.  Thanx,  Chris  (PS The way it was explained to me the $10 500 / annum contribution limit is only for personal contributions and does not include company matching, is this correct?) 
 We should grab some sushi and talk. Call me at work.  Chris 
 Are you working this fine Sunday. I am. It has been crazy around here. Mike has been out so I've been going 90 mph with my hair on fire. This week should be better. I still haven't bought any rollerblades. I've been playing lots of squash. How was your week? Gotta watch Tiger now.  Chris 
 I told her about it but I don't think she can make it. She called me when she was in Calgary yesterday. Call me when you get home.  283-9232  Chris 
 Meg,  Jill is having a birthday barbeque at her house August 27. She wanted me to let you know.  Chris 
 Sorry, it has been a gong show around here. I'll write back soon.  Chris 
 Ryan  Testing the Ivey e-mail forwarding system. If you get this w/b.  Chris Dorland 
 Nav,  Opened my Ivey Alumninet package after about a year in my in box and thought I would try it out. If this gets to you w/b.  Chris Dorland 
 I was sent a password but have missplaced it. Could you e-mail me a password please.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland HBA 97 Enron Canada Corp. 
 I am not using CQG but I think someone in Canada is using my ID  Chris 
 Gina,  Ryan Watt runs our model for us now so I don't need this spreadsheet everyday.  Thanx,  Chris 
 No golf for me at 10:00am. 
 Torrey/Mark,  Below is the error message Chris gets when logging in to EOL. If we hit Yes it keeps coming back with the same error. (Sometimes it works though... you figure it out). If you hit No, the browser session freezes up.  We have done the following:  Uninstalled/Reinstalled Shockwave Reinstalled browser   Please look at this ASAP since he needs to be able to see the customer screen.  Thanks,  Attila x6912 
 The wedding was great! Too much fun. Once again I'm hung over on a monday. No great stories except that I nearly wiped out while walking down the aisle. I tripped on a cord to a video camera. Mildly embarrassing. My friend was a rock. I think I was more nervous than him. Ft. Mac is a total shit hole. On my tombstone it wil read " He went to Ft. MacMurray, once."  No Houston for me. Thank god. I have to go to a party at my boss's on Saturday. I think I might try to play golf as well. I will be taking it very easy. No more booze. My liver hurts.  Chris 
 Happy belated B-Day! How was the party? I am so tired today. Too much driving. I think I set a land speed from Ft. Mac to Calgary yesterday.  Chris 
 Meg,  Can't wait for the cabin party. Taking my lampshade to the cleaners after work.  Chris 
 I got rewarded for hard work. 
 No I'm sure it was well within the boundaries of our tolerance policy. 
 Got some great news today! I'll call you tonight. 
 Some of my questions.  What is the difference between the 401K plan and savings plan?  How much does Enron contribute / match for each plan?  What is the max. annual 401k contribution?  Thanx,  Chris 
 What is your hotmail nickname? 
 That was very nice. Where do you get this stuff?  Chris 
 I only like the movies that all the 14 year old kids like. 
 I don't have my drivers license yet. I start driver's training next week. 
 Have you ever been to a movie on a Tuesday? I can afford the extra $4 to sit in a theater that isn't totally packed with 14 year old kids. The Klumps starts at 7:15 at Eau Claire. How does that sound? My friend's wedding is in Ft. Mac. That is why I'm going there on thursday. 
 I want to go see the klumps. How is tonight? I don't go to movies on tuesdays. You are going out wednesday and I leave for Ft. Mac on thursday. 
 Kelly,  I got you address from an e-mail from Meg and thought I would say hi. How is work going? Still in boston? I'm still plugging away at ENE. Buy the stock. It's the next CSCO.  Gotta hop!  w/b  Chris 
 I have to run a bunch of errands today and pick up some decorations for my buddy's wedding this weekend so I can't go golfing. That sucks. It is so nice outside. Maybe I'll work up the energy to go for a run later. Probably not. I am such a lazy piece of shit lately. I am definately going to go running now. Self depreciation has motivated me. I need to buy some rollerblades. Where did you get yours? Cowan says that K2 are really good and relatively inexpensive. Any thoughts? Maybe I'll look for rollerblades when I'm out this afternoon. You should be proud of me. I was able to stay out of the bottle all weekend. Quite an accomplishment don't you think. One hour to go. Someone shoot me!  Chris 
 I don't suspose you are working on the beautiful holiday monday but I just thought I would say hi. I am so bored! As soon as the Nymex settles I am getting out of here.  Chris 
 Thanx  Chris 
 Jester You are a fag. 
 Kim,  Thanx for your help with my parking problem. I will contact Louis and hopefully he can take care of it. Can you give me a call sometime Tuesday afternoon. I have some ?'s about the 401K and savings plans.  Thanx  Chris 
 Jay,  I can't seem to add any new products to my customer page. Mike Cowan said to drop you a line and have you clear the pages.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 The stag was a total monkey show. We played golf and pool, ate some dinner, took in the ballet and the hit the bars. I did manage to get a couple of rounds of golf in between all the drinking. I actually played pretty good. Houseboating sounds like fun. I've never done that. I am so on the wagon. I can't express to you how little I'm going to drink this weekend. Lots of golf. 
 Enron Corp. up 1 5/8 
 What questions? I accidentally deleted your e-mail from yesterday and don't remember any questions. I hadn't seen the jokes before but they were pretty funny. The sports ones were pretty good. The others were pretty tasteless, so they were my favorites. I feel much better today. I'm already getting psyched up for the weekend. I am going to play golf and not drink. I hate alcohol. I am on the wagon. For good this time. At least for a week anyway.  Chris 
 When you have them ready could you give me the reversals for this month please.  Thanx  Chris 
 Dianne,  Do you have our index positions for September ready yet?  Thanx,  Chris 
 How was your holiday? You missed some beautiful weather. My best friend's stag was on saturday and I still feel like shit. I guess I deserve it for drinking 200 beers. From what I recall I had a good time though. Tonight I am going to bed at 8pm. I can't wait.  Chris 
 How did the pattened move work?  cd 
 I will be able to attend Milly's party. 
 Saturday was really fun. Golf was great. Mike and Andrew's group was by far the drunkest foursome. Dinner was good and then we went to the Sutter club to play pool. That is when things got out of hand. We got Ryan a bright yellow T-shirt with "NOBODY KNOWS I'M A LESBIAN" written in big block letters. Call me tonight and I'll give you all the gory details. My head still hurts. 
 Five years out of any particular date? 
 "Mr. Launer's tip for investors who don't have the time to do exhaustive research: Look for companies such as Enron and El Paso whose stocks are trading at price-earnings multiples that are lower than their long-term growth rates."  The one thing that scares me about Enron is the P/E, regardless of earnings growth. Our earnings growth has been so strong it is like a treadmill that keeps getting faster and faster. At some point you fall on your ass. That being said, I have never sold a share of Enron stock or exercised an option. We always seem to find ways to reinvent ourselves and make money appear from nowhere. Investment in Enron should be treated with the same caution as investing in Cisco or any other new economy stock that challenges traditional valuation methods.  Chris 
 Dad,  What is the rule for guests on the weekend?  Chris 
 Pancanadian Petroleum - Wayne Harvey Transcanada Gas Services - Brian Krumpka Engage Energy Canada - Toby McKenna Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce - Alan Wright (not too sure about this one) 
 I cannot seem to suspend my product without hitting the red hand button (not an option when I right click on the product and not red stop light).  thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Tasha  How are you doing? Did you have a good stampede? I had a great stampede but got a nasty cold. Work is going good. Do you know Ryan Flemming? He went to Riverglen and is a pretty good friend of mine. Anyway, he is getting married August 12 so I've been pretty busy organizing his stag and getting ready for his wedding. Went to Red Deer this weekend and saw my parents. Did you know my brother moved to Toronto? I need to find a smaller place but for now I'm staying in Kensington. That is all that is new in my life. We should hit a patio and have a drink one night.  Take it easy,  Chris 
 Jay,  I can't seem to suspend my product without hitting the stop sign with the hand on it. The red stop light isn't showing up and when I right click on the product the suspend product option is faded and I can't select it. How can I fix this? Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 Did you where you clown suit to work?  What a fucking shit show!  cd 
 Kathy,  Could you run a NX3 position report for our book please.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I never get any good jokes which is why I haven't been sharing any. I am having a shitting week. Sick and tired. I can't wait for the weekend. I am going to sleep and golf. Where are you going on vacation? There aren't many weekends left in the summer and that sucks! Out of the weekends that are left I have two weddings and one stag, a trip to Houston and a trip to Toronto. I am never going to play any golf.  gotta hop 
 Rod,  Thanx for booking those tee times. I will be playing on saturday and I am going to get either Mike or Brad to join us if that is OK.  Chris  (Are you guys golfing on Sunday? I booked a time for 11:52) 
 Sorry I haven't responded. I left early yesterday and have been big time busy today. I am still pretty sick.  I'll write back soon. 
 Do you have any plans for July 29th? If not, would you like to come to Ryan's stag? You could play golf with Darryl Brown, Ryan's dad and their friend Dave. I think those guys are going to play golf and then come to dinner afterwards. Let me know either way.  Chris 
 Dawn,  How long does it usually take Blue Cross to refund $ for the flexible spending account? I sent in a claim form a month ago and haven't seen anything yet. The reason I'm concerned is that when my brother moved he did a change of address and my mail has been screwed up ever since.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Today I'm leaving by 5. Usually by 5:30-6. Et vous? 
 I can't just sit here and write e-mails all day. I'm a busy man. I did not mean to offend you. I had smoozing to do and didn't want to neglect our customers. 
 That was not a snub. I was being sneaky... 
 Just so you know we are expecting the coldest weather in 4-5 years to hit Alberta this weekend and next week. Temps of -40 celcius are not out of the question.  Chris 
 How was your final stampede weekend? I have a cold so I layed pretty low this weekend. Did your friend have a good time?  w/b  cd 
 How's it going? Hear you are working pretty crazy hours. Went to NN with the boys on Saturday and played golf in Kananaskis yesterday so all in all a good weekend. I have a post stampede cold so I won't be doing much other than work and sleep for a few days. Take it easy and write back when you get a minute.  Chris 
 Go buy Independence Day on DVD. 
 And you are moching me for peace out.. 
 I thought you would like that. We've been working the homeboy language in the broker market all week. You diss'n me? I'll bust a cap in your ass. 
 I was wondering why I wasn't getting any mail. Could  you please send me that stuff through intercompany mail. I need to pay that insurance bill soon. If they can't straighten it out I'll send you your mail a couple times a week through inter-company mail.  Peace out! 
 That's fine. I'll be home all night. 
 The have Mike's Hard and stuff like that. I generally never go out during the week. I was home by 7pm yesterday but I am an enormous baby when it comes to hangovers. I'm not going to the rodeo on Friday but I am going to the chucks that night. Tonight I rest. 
 Kim,  I am getting parking deducted twice from my pay check. Who do I contact to straighten that out?  Thanx  Chris 
 How are things going? Learning lots? Went to the rodeo and then to Nashville North yesterday so feeling a little fuzzy today. I'm not doing anything today but tommorow I am going to the rodeo and then to a big industry party so that should be good for a headache. Friday I'm going to the Chick Wagon party and Saturday to Nashville North with the boys. Weather has been good and looks like that will continue. Did you find a gym yet?  w/b  Chris 
 Today my head hurts. I don't know where our seats at the rodeo are. Yesterday they were at the north end of the infield but I have no idea where they are for tommorow. A word to the wise, avoid the draft beer at the rodeo. I contains rat poison. 
 I do not suck at writing e-mails. You just can't appreciate the sense of humor one develops in my line of work. It's borderline madness. I should be home all night but do call first  in case I'm outside working in the garden. 
 Perhaps... 
 When I think of sunnies I think of those little glasses you wear in tanning beds. Your sunglasses are fine. I wore them while I was hangin' around the house last night. My neighbors think I am a total freak. Maybe it wasn't the sunglasses but the "Sweatin' to the Oldies" I was blaring on my stereo all night . I think Richard Simmons is a totally misunderstood genius. I am so bored. I'm going to the rodeo this afternoon so that should be good. Better get back to doing NOTHING!  cd 
 How is your wounded eye? 
 Lavorato never let his people put their titles on business cards until they became managers. It doesn't really matter. I never really understood why he cared. I think they look more professional with titles. You should ask Jan.  Chris 
 You are paranoid. 
 Just Laird, Blair, Perry, Tony and a couple of guys around here. Is that a problem? 
 I am 80% going to the rodeo on Thursday. It is the Enron customer party that day. As for Nashville North I don't know if we are going there or somewhere else after. I am a huge bed wetter when it comes to drinking on school nights. I likely won't be going out again until Friday or Saturday. Am I going to get an eye infection if I continue to wear your sunglasses around town? I hope not. Chicks dig me in those glasses. 
 I had to flee to Houston.  cd 
 I was just kidding. How desperately do you need them? Tonight I will be around in the evening. If you are lucky I might even buy you a cup of coffee. 
 I'll bring them by your office this afternoon. 
 NO 
 What is your work phone number? 
 Hope work is going well. Dusting off my cowboy hat and going stampeding tomorrow. I'll try to give you a call tonight or on the weekend.  Say hi to MH and Wilson and Charlene.  Chris 
 Are you guys still going to desperados (SP?) tommorow?  I think I'm going to head there at about 3PM with Rob Laird and Blair McDermott (you know Blair... the guy with the huge...)  w/b  Chris 
 Could you teach my brother how to use his e-mail?  Thanx  Dorland 
 How goes day #1 in TO? Did you get everything straightened out with the movers? It is pouring rain and 9 celcius here.  Keep it real.  Chris 
 Can you come and see me when you get in. We need to do more to tie out the risk in our physical book than agree on the number of molecules we are long or short. My model breaks out the positions by every type of risk profile. We need to produce a report from the Intra-month book that we can use to tie out. If that doesn't exist we should talk systems about creating it. Hopefully this will prevent any future blow ups.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Ricardo,  Please make sure someone knows how to update the PJM daily sheet while you are out?  Thanx,  Chris 
 Send me your e-mail address at home. I want to send you that fishing cartoon.  Chris 
 Give me a call and give me directions to Andrew's cabin.  Chris 
 I bought an MP3 player and need some songs. I understand you are the man. Hook me up!  Chris 
 Forest Green Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo  License - MKV 835  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kathy,  Do we have any NX1 / NX3 risk for July?  Chris 
 Can't get away on Monday. See you Saturday night.  Chris 
 I can't believe I didn't sell more ENE... Ouch!!!  cd 
 Saturday at 2:48. We might have to invite Johnny.  Chris 
 Dawn,  I want to allocate my $1000 of flex money to my YMCA membership. I paid for the Y membership with my Visa. How do I get my $1000 back?  Thanx,  Chris 
 KERRIE,  WHAT'S UP? GIVE ME A CALL. I WANT TO HOOK UP WITH JILL SOMETIME.  READY FOR STAMPEDE? ONLY A COUPLE OF WEEKS TO REST.  W/B  CHRIS 
 Movie tonight?  Did you talk to MH?  w/b  Chris 
 I'm done!  I have tied out positions as of June 6 trading. I have to set up the economics page but that shouldn't take long.  What about reversals from our currency book? Which way do the reversals from the other books go?  The cash deals aren't all in the model (June 1 - June 6) because the physical position doesn't balance but I will talk to Mike about that.  I can see a light at the end of the tunnel. Hopefully this makes things easier on you.  Thanx for all your hard work!  Chris 
 You might want to watch out while you're crossing the street. 
 I sent it to him.  Chris 
 You owe me $10 for lunch. I know where you live.  Dorland 
 Dianne,  Do you keep a copy of the spreadsheet you send me everyday? I need some days in May for a new economics model that I am building.  Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I think I have a lasagna in there. You can have it.  cd 
 When are you coming?  cd 
 Why is the Analyst / Associate program excluded from the referral incentive program?  Chris 
 I am sorry I was short with you on the phone. The gas market is a total shit show and our economics are out by $1M . I worked until midnight last night and I am very tired. We should buy an ice cream cake from DQ and cook some steaks on Saturday after golf. Danny and I can leave after dinner or first thing in the morning on Sunday. I hope your (and my) work week improves. See you tommorow!  Chris 
 Mom's birthday is tommorow. What are we going to get her?  Chris 
 That is some good stuff. I hear you are coming our way soon. Look forward to drinking a few beers.  Chris 
 You will have to wait and see :-) 
 Done!  Expect a call from Paul tonight.  Chris 
 What are some good interview questions? Poll your co-workers.  cd 
 I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you didn't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis. I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say. He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality.  Chris 
 Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive?  All the guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one.  Chris 
 Jai Hawker 974-6721  I won't forget about the $. 
 Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that?  Chris 
 Kathy,  Don't take that deal out until I look at it. I think it is mine but I forgot to write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it in my red book).  Thanx,  Chris 
 Just a reminder to send me a currency report.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Paul called me today. He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then.  Chris 
 You should reply ASAP. Don't make Peters and Co. wait.  Chris 
 I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today. Give him a call tommorow.  Chris 
 Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book. 
 Paul How about meeting at 11:30 or 12? I am in the office so give me a call.  CD 3-1663 
 The deed is done.  Chris 
 Find attached resume and cover letter. Hopefully he didn't spel anyting incorrectly.  Dan is really smart and a hard worker. I think he would be a good fit.  Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend).  Cheers,  Chris 
 I haven't had a chance to send it yet. Paul is out of the office today so I haven't had a chance to talk to him. I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not.  Chris 
 Are you guys still looking for an analyst?  Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly?  Chris 
 Enron Canada Corp. Suite 1100, 70 York Street Toronto, Ontario M5J 1S9 416-865-3700  Paul DeVries - Director 416-865-3703  Jan Wilson - Manager 416-865-3704 
 Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT).  We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can.  Chris 
 See you there!  CD 
 Sushi tonight?  Ryan Watt says high.  Chris 
 I will be able to attend.  Chris 
 Dan,  I talked to Brad. He said that he would prefer to go out in Red Deer.  Chris 
 That is fine ... I'm off to Red Deer this weekend for Mother's Day and my brother's B-Day but I'll catch you next week.  Beautiful day in downtown Calgary.  Chris 
 A RIDE WOULD BE GREAT CAN YOU PICK ME UP AT 5:30? 
 You owe me $35 for flowers. Nice day to walk to work.  Chris 
 I talked to the boys and we are going to go out on Friday night. We were thinking of going to earl's and then hitting the town.  What do you think?  Chris  (PS How is your day going?) 
 Dan is seriously considering going for this job in TO. What do you think?  Let me know what would be a good time to talk.  Chris 
 Are we on for Wednesday?  Chris 
 We will have to do it early on Wednesday as it is the 2nd last episode of 90210 that night.  Chris 
 How about Thursday.  Chris 
 KERRIE,  WHAT'S UP? HOW IS YOUR WEEK SHAPING UP? I FEEL THE NEED TO EAT RAW FISH AND MOCK RED DEER PEOPLE.  W/B  CHRIS 
 Brad,  Could you suspend my PAC payments to Mackenzie for my investment (not RRSP account) until I let you know to start them again.  Thanx,  Chris 
 I'm updating my palm pilot send your info.  cd 
 Dan,  I have 4 tickets to the Dixie Chicks for Sunday June 4.  Chris 
 If there is room for Brad I won't bother calling Darren.  Chris 
 Dad,  I don't know if Dan wants to play on Saturday, I forgot to ask. Is there room for Brad to play? I talked to him last night. If no, I will probably try to get a game with Brad and Darren Easy on Sunday. Talk to you soon.  Chris 
 Could you please set up the computer training room so I can log on and display a spreadsheet on the screen. We are having a meeting at 3:30.  Thank you  Chris 
 What is the word on golf this weekend?  Chris 
 Carla,  I need to book the computer training room for a meeting Wednesday at 3:30. Can you make that happen?  Let me know.  Chris 
 We are going to have a meeting to discuss S/D in Alberta and the west Wednesday at 3:30 in the computer training room downstairs. The focus of the meeting will be to fine tune our very rough summer forecast for the "X" (NWP Sumas to La Plata B and PGT Kingsgate to Malin).  Everyone is welcome. Free hotdogs and donuts for the first 100 customers! Bring the kids, we've got fun for the whole family.  Chris 
 Dale,  The short description for the above product should read CAN Gas Swap Nit Daily as opposed to Can Gas Swap Nit Monthly.  I don't know why the description changed from when I set it up. Would it be easier for me to set up another product and kill this one?  Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Jay,  Could you clear the composite pages on my EOL customer ID. I need to add some products and I am having some trouble.  My ID is ADM08892.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 Have you received any messages from me today other than this one?  Chris  (I'm confused!) 
 What's up? How are things? Have you had the boards out yet? I need a snow report. Hope all is well. Better hop but keep in touch.  cd 
 Kerrie,  This is a test. If you receive this message I correctly wrote down your e-mail address.  How was your birthday? Were you reasonably well behaved? How is your week shaping up? We should grab a coffee one night.  Give me a call or w/b  Chris 
 Kerri,  This is a test. If you receive this message I correctly wrote down your e-mail address.  How was your birthday? Were you reasonably well behaved? How is your week shaping up? We should grab a coffee one night soon.  Give me a call or w/b  Chris 
 Tasha,  Sorry I missed your B-Day. I wasn't feeling too great on Saturday so I just layed low. Do you want to get together for a drink one night this week?  w/b  Chris 
 Tasha,  Back from Mexico. It was a much needed rest. Saturday sounds great but I might only be able to stop by for the first part of the evening. Some friends are having a house warming and I said I would stop by there as well. Send me the details.  w/b  Chris 
 Hello,  I can't imagine how dark you guys are. Hope you are soaking up your last couple of days. Have a cubra libra for me!  Love Chris 
 I'll give them to Bugg. I will help move.  Chris 
 I have 2 incredible tickets for the Brooks and Dunn concert on Friday. Do you want them?  Chris 
 No not yet. You need to really think about this because things will move very quickly.  Chris 
 Good news from Toronto.  Work on the documentation.  Chris 
 Scott,  When checking my FX new deals please make sure the following are entered in my model correctly:  Settlement Date FX Rate Dollar amount (All deals are entered from a US dollar perspective) Direction (buy/sell)  Thanx,  Chris 
 Are you guys looking to hire any analysts for the Toronto office?  I know someone I think would be a good fit. Let me know.  Chris 
 Howard,  I filled the Energywest order at -0.36 for May basis.  You made $0.015 us/mm  Chris  See me to make sure I wrote it in properly 
 I made it home. The flight was OK. Shitty movies.  I am very tired today. Tough getting going this morning.  Better get going. Enjoy the rest of your vacation.  Love,  Chris 
 Kathy,  Could you run a report that lists all of the FX hedges in our book. I just want to make sure we aren't missing any deals in our model.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Tasha.  Good to hear from you. I have been quite busy. I am out of town all of next week but we should get together some time. In terms of careers I don't have much in the way of ideas. Have you thiught about sales of some sort. I think you would be good at that. Not necessarily business to consumer sales but perhaps business to business sales. Just a thought.  w/b  Chris 
 Dan,  I need a ride to go get Mom's Jeep sometime tonight.  Give me a call or write back.  Chris 
 Just a note to let you know we have changed our fee structure with NGX.  As of April 1, we are no longer paying any fee for deals beyond the prompt month.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Dan  Just a reminder to order an attachment for my phone.  Chris 
 Varsity called and the water pump needs to be replaced.  It is going to be $700. I told them to go ahead and fix it.  Hope that's OK.  Chris 
 That is some funny shit! 
 No problem.  The walk to work in the snow was invigorating at 6:45. Just kidding, it wasn't that bad.  Big news around here today. Lavo is moving to Houston.  Chris 
 I accidentally entered a X-Alta storage deal twice on Friday. I have already taken it out of our model it now needs to be killed in Tagg and Sitara.  The Tagg deal # is NE4430.  Let me know if there are any problems.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Dad,  I really think you should think about getting in on this 360 networks deal. Even if only a small piece.  I would take a piece.  Talk to you about it on the weekend.  Chris 
 Lavo is going to bring it in for me.  I bought QQQ today at 93. Traded 102 in afterhours trading on the island.  Enron is free.  Chris 
 Did you notice the stock market is a little lower today. The fucking nasdaq is down 10 % today and the dow  was down almost 5% at one point. The TSE was down 770 to 8880 at one point. I think that a lot of margin positions got squeezed out of teck length. I say buy the solid stocks CSCO, LU , MSFT, ENE all look great.  Chris 
 Dad,  Looks like you were smart to wait to get into this market. It has done nothing but go straight down today.  Chris 
 Kathy,  Aquila accidentally traded my financial product instead of my physical product. Could you change the financial deal they did to phys?  I buy 5000 from Aquila at 3.645 for May.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Check out this article!  www.fortune.com/fortune/fortune500/enr.html 
 Dad,  This article does a very good job of explaining what Enron does on a macro level.  Check it out!  Chris  www.fortune.com/fortune/fortune500/enr.html 
 Check out MSFT. Getting the shit kicked out of it. 
 Kathy,  Could you run a mini-book of all the deals in my FX book as of today. I am setting up a new model and want to double check that I have all the correct deals.  Thanx,  Chris 
 It's great that your coming to Calgary to study for a couple of months. You'll have to work extra hard in June so you can kick back during Stampede. Things here are pretty much unchanged. Working quite a bit and doing a little snowboarding and beer drinking on the weekends. Things could definately be worse. Going golfing in Playa del Carmen in a couple of weeks. That should be fun. Looking forward to chilling out by the pool for a week and doing nothing. This year has been a roller coaster ride for my trading profits and I need a break. Met a really cool girl recently. Will advise if anything interesting devolops there. It's a beautiful Sunday afternoon and I have no idea why I am at work. I think I'm going to go to the driving range. Take it easy and w/b!  CD 
 I am going to stay in Calgary tonight.  I am getting a massage tommorow and need to go tanning. I also have some errands to run.  Dan and I might come back saturday afternoon.  What are you guys up to ?  w/b  Chris 
 THE TECH SECTOR IS GETTING THE SHIT KICKED OUT OF IT.  I DON'T HAVE ANY MO, UNFORTUNATELY I BOUGHT XEROX!  YOU MIGHT WANT TO STAY OUT OF THE WAY OF THE MARKET.  NORTEL IS DOWN $19 / SHARE  CHRIS 
 Dan this is Chris.  I case you have forgotten I am the short guy that sits between Cowan and Lavo.  Just wondering how my SDI direct line is coming.  Just kidding!  Call me 
 Scott,  I think your EOL report was incorrect regarding the Henry Hub gas daily deals from Mar.28th.  Mike and I had a total of 3 sales at 2.945  2 done by Mike  EOL ID #'s 132116 132569  and 1 done by me  EOL ID # 132967  The trade I did was done late in the day and you might have missed it.  We added the deal back to our model.  Let me know if there are any problems.  Chris 
 How's your day going?  Have a look in your humidor tonight. I brought you 13 Monte Cristo #4's ( I got a great deal).  When I put them in there I noticed that you humidor seemed a little dry you might want to fill it up.  2 1/2 weeks to Mexico.  Chris 
 Jill,  Just dropping a note to say hi!  Will write more soon.  Chris 
 Anne,  According to the people at the PEP help desk I don't exist. Maybe that's why I don't get mail or paystubs?  Chris Dorland 
 Dan,  How is my SDI direct line coming?  Chris 
 Dianne,  I didn't get my spreadsheet from Friday. No biggie I just used the average of my buy and sell from stack manager in my model but I would like to have the actual deals.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kramer,  I'm going to sunny Mexico on April 16th but we should get together for a beer before you go to Banff on the Friday.  Herc 
 How is my SDI direct line coming?  Chris 
 John,  The credit contact at TXU is Chris Papousek 713-210-5085.  Thanx,  Chris 
 John,  I need a response on this issue.  Chris 
 John,  Where are we at on credit with these guys.  They won't sell me gas because they say we need to increase Enron Canada's parental guarentee.  This is costing me deals and I need to know what is going on soon.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Lon,  The last couple of days the April basis market on our morning sheet has been the financial curve rather than the physical.  We should use the physical curve for the prompt month comparison analysis as it is more relevant as the index gets set.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Kathy,  Could you run a NX1 / NX3 report for our book.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Dad,  Canadian 88 up $0.25 to $2.05 
 Hey there Mr. Fancy! How would you feel about doing some golfing this weekend? Give me a shout.  Chris  w 713-853-1663 h 713-588-5131 
 Dad,  Apparently Duke Energy injected 50 Million of cash into Canadian 88. Greg Novall has been replaced as President and CEO.  Chris 
 This file contains a list of FX swaps that need to be transfered from Lavo's currency book to our new currency book.  Once the deals have been transferred the corresponding annuities need to be killed from Lavo's and our financial books.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanx,  Chris 
 New plan.  Staying in Calgary.  Want to go to Earl's?  Call Me! 
 Call me.  Mike talked me into going back to Red Deer.  Chris 
 I don't care what we do. I am going to go for a couple of drinks after work but nothing out of hand.  Mike called me and said he wanted to hook up with Johnny tonight. I don't really want to go back to Red Deer to go out.  Give me a call at work.  Chris 
 Thanx  I guess the question is whether the cost of pending lawsuits is priced into the stock?  I see an RJR Nabisco deal here. Break off Miller and Kraft and let the death merchant division die slowly.  Chris 
 Dan,  Could you set up my SDI direct line on my turrett today please.  Chris 
 Rod,  Any thoughts on Phillip Morris ?  6.35 X Earnings  How bad can you do?  Chris 
 DAN,  BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY IS 1663  DID YOU BUY ANY ?  CHRIS 
 Scott,  The ROM gas daily deal that I did with IM-Central-Transport on Friday appears to be booked backwards. The trader from Houston called me this morning.  The deal # is NB9860.1. Could you see that it is booked properly.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Anne,  I still haven't received any pay stubs since I have been in Houston. Can I get copies of those somehow? Could you send my something in the inter-company mail so I can see if my mail stop has been really been changed? I haven't received any mail of any kind which seems kind of weird.  Thanx  Chris Dorland  (P.S. thanx for the PRC info.) 
 Call me at work.  Chris 
 There continues to be confusion concerning the Premstar deals. Can you come see me when you get in.  Chris 
 BUGG,  DO YOU HAVE AN E-MAIL ADDRESS FOR MIKE KRUEGER?  DORLAND 
 I am organizing a bachelor party and am interested in information on group rates and facility availability.  Our group will require 5-7 tee times, dinner and cocktails. I am hoping to book for one of the following Saturdays:  June 24, 2000 July 8, 2000 July 15, 2000 July 22, 2000  Information on transportation to Red Deer would also be appreciated.   Thank you!  Chris Dorland  403-974-6910 Work 403-283-9232 Home 403-850-1883 Cell. Chris.Dorland@enron.com 
 Ryan,  There is some confusion regarding the premstar deal from yesterday. Could you come see me when you get a minute.  Chris 
 Kathy,  Could we sit down for about a half an hour this afternoon. I Have some questions about how our new FX book is going to work and how to transfer current positions into this book.  Let me know when you have a few minutes ( any time after 2pm).  Chris 
 Kathy,  Could you find out what the breakdown between the $CND and $US monthly index positions transfer to our book were for the month of March.  I just want to double check that it is being represented properly in our currency positions.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Morgan,  Heard through Bugg your in SF now. You should rethink coming up to Kelowna for May long.  Thinking of going to the bay area to visit some friends sometime soon. Send me your number and I'll give you a call.  Any good stock ideas? Check out MSIA on the Nasdaq OTC board. This could be a Qualcomm.  Gotta hop,  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 Mike,  How are things going? I trust that you are adjusting relatively easily.  Things have been relatively quiet lately. Doing a little snowboarding and watching lots of movies. Trying to drag my lazy ass to the gym at least 4 days a week. So far I'm at one in a row. Things are looking good for a repeat today.  Laird popped by today and brought us some lattes and saw the office. For all your hard work we are actually getting some term business done with Optimum now. I think Lambie helped them out there.  Take care,  Chris 
 How is tommorow for sushi?  Chris 
 Check this out! 
 Can you please remove me from this distribution list. I am now in East Power Trading in Houston.  Thanx  Chris Dorland 
 Call me at Mom and Dad's on Saturday and I'll pop down and see you at work.  Chris 
 What date do I need to get you the money by?  I am going to Red Deer this weekend.  Chris 
 Howdie,  What's the new job? I'm good for sushi any day next week (Tues-Fri). Give me a call or e-mail me.  I'm off to Kimberly snowboarding this weekend. I've done some good snowboarding trips lately (Lake Tahoe and Fernie).  Not making big $$$$$ lately but things are looking up. Going to Santa Fe grill for lunch (mmmm!).  You need to come check out my new home theater system, it's crazy!  See you next week,  Chris 
 Please don't change any deals until we have spoken. I need to talk to John about how these changes will affect his positions.  Chris 
 Mike,  Hope you found a great place to live. It is ridiculous how expensive flats are in London. Thank god your making pounds now.  Tahoe was too much traveling for that short of a stay.  Good weather, good friends, beautiful scenery, all right snowboarding, shitty food, cheesy casinos and too much time in fucking airports. That about summarizes the weekend.  Laird is doing fine. Things have been relatively slow and the market is very choppy. I've been pretty quiet. No major axes to grind. Just trying to look for the next big trade and keep from getting my head ripped off on EOL.  You have to go out for Middle Eastern food. Go to The Lebanese Restaurant. I think it is on Oxford street but I'll find out for sure. Also try Ranoush Juice for a falafel.  Good luck and keep in touch!  Chris 
 Not having to add products (ie. Hub cash) to our composite pages everyday would be more convenient. 
 Brad,  Could you e-mail me your mailing address so I can send off a cheque.  Please make sure I've maximized my foreign content as I don't love the TSE at 9300.  What did you think of that Enron announcement?  Chris 
 Anne,  I didn't receive my USER ID for PEP. Do you know how I get it?  Chris 
 Mike,  Good to hear you arrived safely. Reno was very average. Too much travel. I guess you know all about that.  Hope that work is going well. I am trying to take it relatively easy on Rob. Benson's email is Rob.Benson@enron.com, if that doesn't work try  Robert.Benson@enron.com. Let me know if those don't work.  Gotta hop!  Keep in touch,  Chris 
 Brad,  Just thinking about my RRSP's. I want to make sure I have maximized my contributions.  Chris 
 Dianne,  Can you break out buys and sells separately. That format would make it easier for me to transfer the info. to my model.  Chris 
 Dianne,  There doesn't seem to be a new March Aeco product set up. Give me a call.  Chris 
 Hi Andrew!  How are things in London? I am talking to MH right now and he says you are getting a little tired of school. I don't blame you one bit.  I need a vacation. I bet you do to. What do you say to a little Amsterdam trip in April? I think we deserve it.  What do you think of MH changing companies? I think he should get out of that business altogether. He will hate NB just as much as ML inside 6 months.  Take care,  Chris 
 Kramer,  Cowan is trading Alberta cash and I'm trading the front of the curve. Lavo still trades the term in Alberta but is never around. As for Benny, after an unfortunate incident at September's craw fish boil, he has moved to Houston to trade power. No shit!  Drop me a line with a number where you can be reached. I have an idea, like everyone else in the world, for an internet start up and want to pick your brain about the process of doing a business plan, getting VC $'s and such. I don't know if you know much about that stuff but your thoughts would be greatly appreciated. I have a friend in the Internet group at Goldman Sach's and I've talked to him about it but I want insight from someone inside the industry.  There is a revolution going on and I think I am the only one not getting rich off of it.  Check out enron stock (ENE). We announced an alliance with Sun Microsystems to build a bandwidth network and the stock has doubled in a month. Not bad for a small Texas pipeline company. You would need a sand blaster to get the smile off of Lavorato's face. However I don't think I'm going to retire on my Enron options any time soon.  Gotta hop!  Dorland  (PS You should send Wilson a Bigwords t-shirt. The Jannon's would do the logo justice.) 
 Mike,  Change my e-mail address to Chris.Dorland@enron.com. You have a really old one that I'm surprised is still supported (cdorlan@ect.enron.com).  Chris  (Like you will every see a $ from this!) 
 Kramer,  How are things going? We are thinking of coming to SF on a golf / party trip sometime in the  next few months.  Things in Calgary are relatively unchanged. No chicks. Work is going great. Cowan and I are trading Alberta and having a great time.  Poker and buying electronics have become the hobbies of choice around here. I am terrible at poker but good at buying electronics.  Take it easy and w/b,  Dorland 
 Andrew,  Nice to hear from you. Hope all is well in the UK. The millenium came and went and I think I had a good time.  I understand MH has formally resigned his position at ML. Good for him. That is a shit business with no future. The broker is the buggy whip of the financial  services industry.  I have another friend moving to London soon so I have another reason to visit. I have to run but I'll keep in touch.  Take care,  Chris 
 If you find any fundamental problems with this model let me know. 
 Angela,  I'll take the 2 tickets for Feb. 25 th vs. Phoenix  Chris 
 The tag number on this deal is N67904.2  Please address all future deal inquiries of this nature to Scott Adams or Kathy Reeves.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 
 How about my RRSP contributions for this year?  Chris 
 Just thought I would let you know that we have a prowler in our midst. I had about $30 worth of change (loonies and twoonies) taken from my desk drawer between Friday and this morning.  Could have been the smed guys, the cleaning staff or the Easter bunny for all I know.  Just thought I would mention it because Milly said he had the same thing happen to him last week.  Chris 
 Happy Anniversary! I will deliver the card in person in about 10 days.  Chris 
 George has Oyster Creek coming back Nov. 25. We have it coming back Nov. 17 on our sheet. Let's assume George's info. is the best.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Just a note regarding my plans for Thanksgiving. I am going to fly out the afternoon of Nov. 21 and will be back in the office on Monday the Nov.27. I will need PJB to cover my daily trading on Nov.22.  Chris 
 I don't know anything about any sunglasses. Just kidding, I was wearing them all weekend.  Chris 
 So the squares are not all the same size. It is an optical illusion rather that a brain teaser.  Chris 
 Any word on my expense $?  Chris 
 Margaret,  How do I get to your office? I would like to come by and get my Visa documents.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 713-853-1663 
 I have received my health insurance and perscription drug card but not my dental card. Hopefully today my mail will find me.  Chris Dorland 
 I haven't called Northern Trust yet. I will call them this afternoon. With regard to the benefits I don't think I have received the 2001 benefits package yet but I will check. If I don't want to change my coverage do I have to fill anything out?  Chris 
 H town is good. Work is crazy but I like my new role. The weather is nice vs. snow in Cow town. How are things with you? Are you still commuting across the country? What is your buddy at William's name? Do you know what region he trades? Getting busy now better hop.  Keep in touch,  Chris 
 Patrick,  Good to hear from you. I won't be needing my blubber where I am. I moved to Houston at the end of September. Things here are good. I'm trading electricity in the North Eastern US and so far things are going pretty well. I never did make it to Toronto this summer. Hope things are going well for you and keep in touch.  Chris 
 Somebody should check Drewlo's clothes for paint thinner.  CD 
 Laurel,  I have been transferred to Houston, TX. Could you please take me off the Calgary distribution list.  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 
 Lloyd,  I would like Ricardo and I to sit down with Kevin and go over how our PJM load forecast model works. I want to use it, or a version of it, for day to day sensitivity analysis. I haven't met Kevin yet so if you could mention this to him I would appreciate it. I would also like to sit down with you some time this week to talk about PJM fundamentals and co-ordinating our analytical efforts. I want to get a feel for what we have done and set some goals as to what needs to be done. Let me know if one afternoon this week works for you.  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 I haven't received the tickets yet but they are on the way.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Jennifer,  I e-mailed my mail stop number to Rebecca Torres (EB3125A) on Oct.30. and left her a voice mail message yesterday. I just sent her the info. again.  CD 
 Rebecca,  My mail stop is EB 3125A. I e-mailed you that info. on Oct.30 and left you a voice mail message.  CD 
 What a fucking day!  Curve shift (500K) New deals 400K  This is a tough market to trade in. 
 I am at EB3116e.  CD 
 Ricardo,  This consultant report has Brunner Island back on. Our sheet doesn't have it coming back untill Nov.3. Which is correct?  Chris 
 FX is a total fucking mess in Calgary. I have actually thought about the problems a little bit. Call me if you want to talk about specifics (x3-1663). Things in Houston are good. The weather is great now. Year round golf is nice. Power is a total shit show. The volatility is crazy and this is the off season. I need to get rested up for the summer. Take it easy  CD 
 Jennifer,  My pay stub seems to be lost in in the abyss. Is there someone I can call to make sure it finds me?  Chris 
 Hawker,  What's going on? How are things in Cow town? You trading a book yet? Playing any poker? Bingham was here for Q-School last week. Didn't go so well.  Cd 
 Chris Dorland 5151 Edloe St. #14306 Houston, TX 77005 (713)-588-5131  Thanx  Chris  (P.S. I haven't received my pay stub for this pay period) 
 My mail stop is EB 3125A  Chris Dorland 
 TJae  Do you know what my mail stop # is? This person has some mail that doesn't seem to be finding me.  Thanx  Chris 
 Can you send it to my desk at 3116e please.  CD 3-1663 
 I still haven't received a 401K package. Who should I contact to get signed up?  Let me know.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Mike,  What's going on? I'm coming home Nov.22 for a few days. Ryan and I are going to go snowboarding on Friday the 24th. You should come. I am really happy with my car. It is a silver/black IS 300. I was suffering a little post purchase anxiety but I'm over it. Fuck it! You live once. Things here are pretty good. It helps having a couple of good friends who have been here a while. How are things in Calgary? I hope you have pictures from Halloween. Send me you address and phone #'s. I lost my old address book. I am loving this palm pilot. You have to get one of these things. I am going to buy a playstation sometime this week. Should I buy Tony Hawk 1 or 2? Better hop. I'll call you one night this week.  Chris  5151 Edloe St. #14306 Houston, TX 77005 H 713-588-5131 W 713-853-1663 C 713-416-6694 
 Yes  IS 300 Silver/Black - dark tint on the windows, killer 17's  I am very happy with it. I like it better than the 3 series.  cd 
 I booked my Christmas flights. I am leaving the afternoon of Friday December 15th and I will be back in the office on Tuesday December 26.  Chris 
 Brad,  Can you add Ricardo.Perez@enron.com to this distribution list?  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 
 Thanks for your attention but I already bought a vehicle.  Chris Dorland 
 Jill,  All is well in Houston. Finally getting settled in. Work is crazy. Trading power is not for the faint of heart. This is susposed to be the quiet season and I can't believe the volatility. How are things with you? All is well I trust. I will have to come for a visit some time to escape the Houston heat. Better go but keep in touch!  Chris  5151 Edloe #14306 Houston, Texas 77005  H 713-588-5131 W 713-853-1663 C 713-416-6694 
 Ryan,  What's up? Reply to this so I can save you e-mail. I'll write more later.  Chris 
 Jennifer,  I am anxious to get set up on the 401K plan. Who do I need to talk to?  Thanx,  Chris 
 Terry,  I didn't receive any call (I may have accidentally deleted it) but I filled out an accomplishment sheet for Barry Tycholiz yesterday.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Just thought I would drop you guys a note and let you know that I am coming to Houston on Thursday night. I will be in the office Friday morning but I am planning to do a bunch of running around after the cash market slows down. See you in a couple of days.  Chris Dorland 
 Trish,  I used 4 vacation days and 1 Friday.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Can I get the daily Data going back to Apr 98?  Thanx,  Chris 
 Margaret,  Thank you for all you help getting my Visa application prepared. Do you know what documentation I need to have with me at the border? I was planning on bringing the following:  Passport Driver's License Birth Certificate University Transcripts  Is there anything else that I need to bring?  Chris Dorland 
 Ricardo,  Do you have this data daily?  Chris 
 Sorry, I forgot about you!  Chris 
 Milly,  Let me know when you have a minute. Just want to have a quick chat.  Chris 
 Jon,  If you have a chance this afternoon I'd like to chat to you for a minute.  Chris 
 Tych,  When you have a minute grab me to chat for five.  Chris 
 Derek,  Grab me when you have a minute. Just to chat.  Chris 
 Louis  Thank you!  I have been really crazy and was going to come down and talk to you this afternoon.  They were deducting me for parking 9 and parking 11.  Thanx again,  Chris Dorland 
 Brad,  Can you change my address in your system (and with fund companies) to my mom and dad's address. I haven't heard from this nurse yet and I am leaving next week. Please be sure to let me know if any of that Clarica transfer doesn't go smoothly.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Paul,  I would like the following data (and anything else you can think of):  Daily Power Prices  - PJM West / East (Others?) - NYPP - Cinergy -TVA - any other markets that you think are relevant  Temperatures (Max, Min, Mean)  - Philadelphia - Allentown - Pittsburg - Washington DC - Newark - Baltimore - NYC  Gas Prices  - Transco Zone 6 Non- NY and NY - What other pipes are close to the above cities?  Supply (Generation)  - Any information you have on generation in PJM (by plant) including: - Fuel type - Capacity (typical production vs. maximum production) - Efficiency (heat rates) / Marginal production costs - Historic outages - Forecast Outages - Who owns / operates the facilities? - Reserves ? (I am trying to understand what the supply curve for PJM looks like but I am not sure if I am asking the correct questions. What parts of the puzzle am I missing?)  Demand (Load)  - Historic load information for PJM  Interchanges  - What are the historic imports and exports in and out of PJM - What are the costs associated with wheeling power in and out of PJM ?   Thank you for all your help and please include any other info. you think may be relevant.  Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 
 Ricardo,  What is your extension ?  I would like to ask you a few questions and talk to you about what data we have available.  Chris Dorland 
 Margaret,  Please send them to the Calgary office to my attention:  Enron Canada Corp. Atten: Chris Dorland 3500 Canterra Tower Calgary, AB T2P 4H2  Thank you,  Chris Dorland 
 Thank you! 
 Margaret,  I was wondering if you sent my visa documents yesterday or today. I will be out of the office this afternoon but I would come back if my visa documents are going to me here.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Everything seems OK. Hopefully I will hear from the mover's this afternoon.  Thanx,  Chris 
 Margaret,  Could you send the Visa documents to my office:  Enron Canada Corp. 3500 Canterra Tower 400 - 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, AB   T2P 4H2  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 Margaret,  Just wondering how my Visa was coming along? I had a confusing conversation with Jeanne in relocation services this morning. The way I understand the moving process is that my household goods have to leave Canada at the same time or after I leave the country. She seemed to think that I had to go to the US and then return to Canada before my goods could leave Canada. Can you shed some light on this?  Thanx,  Chris Dorland 
 I talked to Keith Holst who went through this process a couple of years ago and he said that a lady named Janice Priddy in Houston set up the paperwork for him.  Chris 
