s Distribution (Lone Star Pipeline)						"	"	"	" Houston Pipe Line								"	"	"	" El Paso Field Services Channel							"	"	"	" Oneok Westex (Westar)								"	"	"	" Kinder Morgan Texas Pipeline (Midcon)						"	"	"	" Tejas Pipeline  The contracts on the pipes listed under "Highest Priority" are required for us to trade in the 3 main areas in Texas (EOL).  We must have these on day one.  The secondary contracts/pipes will be used soon after start up and are ranked in order of importance.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Again, I thought that I sent this to you a couple of weeks ago. Sorry for the delay.  D 
 Elizabeth,  Texas and Wellhead were grouped under George.  I adjusted Texas, but not Wellhead.  I also added the market hubs that we trade, under the pipeline section.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 I'm in. 
 I didn't know if you got this or not.  I love you.  I can't wait to spend the next week with you.  Me 
 Where do you think you're going?  I don't know if I can handle any changes in deal validation.  D 
 We did not sell to TGL for Sept.  D 
 done. 
 Hey Sweet Baby!  I was just thinking of you.  I love you. 
 Sherlyn,  Tuesday, around 2pm works for me and the Texas group.  D 
 How does your afternoon look on Tuesday?  I'm thinking around 2:00.  D 
 Bob,  For the Texas Desk, Mike Olsen and I will start out handling the scheduling activities.  As we start up we will not be doing a lot of shipping on the intrastate pipes.  We will primarily be utilizing hub and cartwheel agreements and net outs.  Trading primarily on the Waha, Katy , and Carthage hubs.  I will cover Katy and Carthage.  Mike will continue to cover Waha and any shipping activities on the intrastate pipes.  I will need a second person fairly soon after we begin trading again (within a month or two).  What are you thinking that we need to look into on the intrastates?  Also, with message of setting up new budgets, can you have Brandy send me a copy of the budget we had in place for Texas 2002?  Thanks.  D 
 I never doubted you.  Thanks.  D 
 Brandee,  Can you look into this?  D 
 I don't have anyone.  D 
 This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.  You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Tasks:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Inbox:      	None Contacts:   	None Notes:      	None Journal:    	None  To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this. 
 Becky,  Please change my e-mail address on your distribution list to :  dfarmer70@houston.rr.com.  Thanks.  D 
 The supply from the desk-to-desk transaction (#1075281) is pathed to the transport.  The 1023 contract is an ENA agreement.  So, deal 1075281 transfers the gas to ENA.  ENA then transports the gas on it's agreement on Lone Star.  D 
 Annette,  The transport statement we received from Lone Star did not show that this gas flowed.  That is why we have not paid yet.  We are in discussions with the pipe to find out what happened.  I will let you know as soon as something is determined.  D 
 Megan,  I have created deal # 1075281 to cover a sale from Cleburne to ENA.  I also repathed Unify.  This should clean up the UA4 after the actuals on the old path between Deal 384237 and 502861 are zeroed out.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Hey Ken.  Well, I'm still here for now.  It's hard to leave.  We have all t= aken quite a bit of time off (out all last week and a couple of days the we= ek before that.)  I'll only be here a couple of hours today.  But we had a = great Christmas.  The kids have been so excited.  I made the mistake of get= ting a couple of microphones/sirens for their tricycles.  You can hear them= all through our neighborhood.  The neighbors have already asked my what I = was thinking.  Cole wanted 3 things (a play airport, a pirate ship, and Buz= z Lightyear).  He got them all.  With each present, he kept getting louder = and more excited.  Jake was primarily interested in in opening presents, he= didn't care what was in them.  That kid gets more out of ripping things up= and tearing things down than any kid I have ever seen.  In fact, the other= day, Cole and I were stacking his big leggo blocks as high as we could go.= Cole likes to make things and he likes them neat and orderly.  So, he was= working hard at making this tower stand up and work (it ended up being abo= ut eight feet tall).  Well Jake was chomping at the bit to run through it. = After holding him off for a few minutes, I let him go.  You should have se= en his eyes light up.  You would have thought it was the biggest event of t= he year.  He tore through it, smiling all the way, saying "again, again."  = It has been so fun spending extra time with the kids.  My mom and sister ca= me in the weekend before Christmas.  Tonya's parents and sister came in Fri= day.  With the couple of days between their visits, I remodeled our downsta= irs bathroom (strip wallpaper, paint, hung a border, hung crown molding).  = That was my first try with crown molding. It turned out ok.  Thank the Lord= for wood putty.  So, we've been pretty busy.  But, it's been fun.  How was your Christmas?  Was Santa Claus good to you?  I guess your kids we= re in.  I hope you had a wonderful time.  I'm looking forward to Corn Boys = bowl game.  Anyway, I need to go make a call on a tee time.  Tonya's dad an= d I decided that we would pay good money to get mad and lose a bunch of bal= ls and break a few clubs, while out in the cold.  It doesn't make much sens= e, does it?  But then again, most things that men do don't make much sense.  Later,=20  Daren 
 Done. 
 Bryce,  Please forward this to the appropriate person in your group.  I need someone to look into deal Sitara #833675, referenced below.  Why were these deals actualized to zero?  D 
 Thanks.  The fax we received from the plant reported the start up at 11:00am, reaching full capacity at 1:00pm.  But, we shouldn't have a problem.  D 
 Its working.  I love you alot. 
 Elizabeth,  Can you re-send the file with the attachement?  I accidentally deleted the first message and I don't have access to the file online.  D 
 I can go any of the 1st 3 weeks of Dec.  D 
 he doesn't have to go if you will wear the horns and play the buck like he does. 
 Anthony,  Can you change the counterparty name on deal 93836 to Black Marlin Pipeline Company Inc.?  D 
 done. 
 none 
 Hey, Ken  We had a good holiday.  Except for the trip back...it usually takes around 9 hours.  Last night it took 12.  Other than that everything was good.  Played a little golf (play may be too strong a word).  Watched a little football.  Our game with Texas was much better than I expected.  I can't believe Colorado ran over Nebraska like that.  And the OU game...I love college football.  It is so much more exciting than the pros.  Right now, I'm just sitting here watching the stock price bounce around 3.85.  The big boys have been huddling quite a bit today.  I think that we are close to the end.  Layoffs should be announced tomorrow.  So, did you get the Christmas tree after the game?  20 footer?  We'll be out this weekend getting ours and putting up the lights.  Jake doesn't know what's going on.  But, Cole is all excited.  Everything he sees, he wants for "Chrimsas".  Knowing Jake, I will probably have to anchor the tree on all sides to keep him from bringing it down.  We'll see how it goes.  I hope you had happy holiday, even with the game.  D 
 Anthony,  Can you take care of this? 
 I sent an e-mail to anthony campos on the 19th asking him to change the counterparty.  I don't have the access to do that.  If he can change the name, then we won't have to create a new deal and re-path.  I just sent him another message today.  D 
 I just found out that Anthony has changed responsibilities.  He said that he forwarded the message to Bridgett ?.  I'll let you know as soon as I hear anything.  D 
 Have you taken care of this? 
 I'm here.  but barely.  last couple of days we've just been battleing problems and putting out fires.  hanging in though.  this just seems so unreal.  i can't believe we are doing this.  personally, i've got options, so i'm not too worried.   D 
 done. 
 Well, I'm here.  We are not trading.  Actually, we are just hanging around, playing games and shooting the breeze, waiting for the next news story.  It's really odd.  It really is sad seeing all the layoffs.  Especially, when I think of the $ the bigwigs carry home while the honest working people search for a way to earn a living.  Anyway, things are fine for me and the family.  I'd better go.  We've got a crossword competition starting.  D 
 Mike - here you go.  You might as well bridge back the pipes now and be done with it.  Let me know when you start this and I will help if you want me to.  D 
 Bob,  We have the following net-outs in place at the Exxon Katy Plant:  Texas Energy Transfer Buy	10 @ HSC-.0575 Buy	2   @ 2.60 Buy  	2   @ 3.40 Buy 	2   @ 2.465 Sale	15 @ Katy GD-.0175 Sale	1   @ 2.79   As for contracts we will need as a new company:  IT transport (intrastate and interstate) on the following pipes:  TXU Lone Star Oasis EPGT (PGE Valero) HPL Midcon Westar Channel East Texas Gas Systems (ETXG) Duke Guadalupe  Park and Lend contract on EPGT.  Hub (or wheeling) contracts on EPGT and ETXG.   Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 done. 
 What's the big deal?  It's only one digit...But, if it will make you happy, I will fix it.   D 
 where are you going? 
 I'm sure that the Panenergy deal is all yours.  I definitely understand your concerns.  Good luck over there.  D 
 Home: 281-288-8251 Cell: 281-503-8732  Cell will be the best way to contact me.  I will be out Thurs and Fri of this week.  D 
 Jeff,  I left a voice mail message for you yesterday about our role as agents for the Tenaska IV's Cleburne plant.  I wanted to make sure that you got the message.  Please give me a call when you get a chance (3-6905).  D 
 The 4429 is good. D 
 Bob,  I highlghted some changes on your spreadsheet.  Look over these and call me if you have questions.  A couple of the deals have Gas Daily tiers, so I moved them down in the sheet.  I would like for you to make the changes tomorrow after trading.  D 
 I've been trying to call ya'll.  Both lines. One keeps ringing.  The other one gives a busy signal sometimes, keeps ringing sometimes.  Is the answering machine not hooked up?  Or are ya'll not clicking over?  Anyway.  We're doing fine.  Just wanted to let you know that I tried to call. d 
 Isn't the deal pathed from Exxon King Ranch (Deal 210722) to Reliant?  D 
 Megan,  We didn't operate HPL in a way where we matched markets with specific supplies.  The supply for these sales was the entire HPL system.  You can calculate the WACOG on HPL as an estimated cost for each day or month.  But I can't give you a specific supply cost or deal.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Gas Logistics:  Mike Olsen Jay Smith  Laura Vuittonet has all of their info.  D 
 We had to get the gas from somewhere.  Did Tejas owe HPL gas and make the delivery to settle an imbalance?  It looks like ENA transported the gas on Tejas for Feb.  Have you checked to see if ENA transported on Tejas for Mar?   D 
 Brandee,  You're in the system now.  thanks.  D 
 Hey Cliff,  Which Rogue Spear do you have?  D 
 I have created deal 1150179 to cover this supply.  Mike - Please see that this gets pathed in MOPS and POPS and let Megan know when completed.  Thanks.  D 
 OW,  What do you think about the orig deduct?  How do we usually handle orig on something like this?  D 
 For. 
 No changes. 
 FYI 
 Karen,  Mike Olsen currently reports to me.  I fully recommend Mike as a candidate for the Origination Track.  I don't think that he has decided which path he wants to take regarding his future, but I know that he would be very interested in discussing this track.  Please contact him at your convenience.  Thanks.  Daren 
 System ID:  dfarmer Sytem PW:  cole7jake  Sitara ID:  dfarmer Sitara PW:  sitara  Unify MOPS ID: dfarmer Unify MOPS PW:  jungle  Unify POPS ID:  dfarmer Unify POPS PW:  daren 
  Hey, Derrick  Thanks for the golf journal.  I'm looking forward to using it.  I've read through most of it already, and it looks easy enough to follow.  Golf is just like everything else, it just takes the disciple to practice and to practice correctly.  I know the tips will help me.  Keeping notes is good idea also.  Thanks, also for the golf towel.  I've got a round coming up tomorrow with a few guys from work.  Maybe I can sleep on the book tonight get a little advantage.  If I play like the last time (when David and I played over Christmas), I'll be buying balls from the club house.  Anyway, I hope you are doing well.  D 
 I believe that I have received your message in error. My name is Daren Farmer and I work in the Texas gas trading area for Enron.  If you will send the name of the person and department you are trying to contact at Enron, I will assist you in communicating with that person.  Thanks.  Daren Farmer 
 None. 
 hey Ken,  Let's do lunch next week.  We are moving into the new building this weekend.  I'll be able to show you around (if I'm still here).  We had a tough football weekend.  It's about time we got beat.  We didn't deserve the wins we had.  Anyway, I've got to get to work.  Trying to break $12.00 today.  It's kind of odd...moving into a brand new building when your stock price has reached an all-time low...  D 
 Done. 
 ENE @ 9.90?  I don't think I will be able to eat for a week.  Maybe you should bring a bullet next week and put me out of my misery. 
 FYI.  I set you up as our man.  There is nothing that you have to do.  I ba= sically just reserved a second desk, computer, etc for us in this building = in the case that we have problems with the move.  D 
 Brandee,  Who does Tanya Smith report to?  What will she be doing?  D 
 ok 
 none 
 I don't have any problems with this.  D 
 Rita,  I began digging further into how this was scheduled yesterday.  It does not look very good.  I will re-work it today and let you know when I'm done.  D 
 AC,  Are you still there?  D 
 Done. 
 Mike,  I very much appreciate what you have done for our desk.  Let me look into the promotions within and out of the analyst program.  I want to take the best option possible.  D 
 Let's og today if you can, or tomorrow.  I'm available anytime after 11:00.  Are you going to try your badge again?  They are reviewing the photos now, along with new scanners.  D 
 We are in the same building.  The move got postponed until next week.  Using the same badges.  I have the same phone #.  Parking is the same.  I believe that the drive down here is open, may be some slowdown on the way out, not sure.  Whew...I think I covered everything.  See you in a little while.  D 
 Rita,  In order to book the imbalance payback between HPL and Lobo, I have created deal 1166748 (ENA selling to AEP @ $2.45).  I have changed the price on Deal 1109140 from $0.00 to $2.455.  From what I understand, we received the gas at King Ranch, sold it to AEP so that they would move it through the header on their contract and bought it back at a half cent difference.  Following that, we sold the gas to the central desk, who sold it to Oneok at the South Texas pool.  With the changes I made and the entries you are able to do, hopefully this deal will be wrapped up.  Let me know if you need me to do anything else.  D 
 I really like you Eric and would like to spend some time learning how you are such a master of basis trading.  Jerry D. F. 
 Have you seen this? 
 Julie,  You need to keep the nom and confirm at 3000 so that the buyback calculation will work correctly.  D 
 Bob,  Mike Olsen - Analyst  1 Jay Smith - Specialist 3  Let me know if you need explanations.  D 
 Yes 
 Mike olsen will be coming in for the Texas desk.  D 
 Hey baby, honey-bun, goodlookin, goodlovin, sexy sweet thang!  We may need to start talking to Byron or someone about investing and all of that.  Can you find out how much he charges, one visit and continuing?  he sent out an e-mail about ira's.  they are waving fees for those for lifetime thru 12/31/01.  Anyway, I love you. 
 This ticket starts with 7/99 production.  How were all of the other months paid?  D 
 none for me 
 I believe the counterparty changed effective 2/1/01 to El Paso Merchant Energy.  See deals 637225 and 637234.  D 
 A preliminary copy of the Cleburne activity for Oct 2001 is attached.  Mike will be in tomorrow, and will finalize it.  D 
 Well, the staff level is prettly low here, for just about every group related to HPL.  Stacey did leave, so I am back to trading Waha.  However, it's going a lot better this time.  I am actualy enjoying it somewhat.  With the majority of the desk leaving, I am looking into moving into the day trading arena for the new Texas Desk.  We'll see how that goes.  Bidweek was kinda rough this time.  In addition to Stacey leaving during the middle of the week, we have some major outages on the A/S line where we have to stay balanced on Texoma and balanced on the south end.  The line has been split into two seperate systems.  Handling that has been a constant battle.  Plus, with the pending sale, people just don't care as much about the business.  It's a little harder to get things done.  Anyway, things are going pretty good at the house.  But, the list of things to fix and do keeps getting longer and longer.  We are extremely busy.  The kids are loving the stairs.  You ought to see Jake go down.  We taught him to turn around backwards and crawl down the stairs on his belly.  Well, that was too slow for him.  Now, he get's on his belly, feet up in the air, and slides down, barely skiming the stairs.  He looks a penguin sliding down a snow bank, except on his stomach.  Cole is doing his best to either run Jake off or make him tough.  Cole runs over Jake with his toys, pushes Jake out the way, or just walks right over him.  It doesn't affect Jake, though, he gets right back up and keeps on going.  Anyway, I need to get back to work.  Hope the family is doing well.  Maybe you can come down for lunch next week.  I'll give you a call in the next couple of days.  D 
 You need to path the change at mtr 8055.  You should not path the buyback at mtr 1040 (Only deals 538950 and 702826 should be pathed with volume.  All other deals at mtr 1040 should be pathed with zero volumes.)  D 
 March Midcon volumes at Mobil should be 30,000 each day.  Any swings should be on the buyback HPL has with Mobil.  D 
 Gary,  Please call Pat Anderson with Southern Union as soon as possible regarding the info listed below.  She wants to work a fixed price swap for 25% of their booked volume for July '01 - Oct '02.  D 
 Deal 706674  D 
 done. 
 I am not going with AEP.  So please don't include me in your estimates.  D 
 Matt,  Each month, prior to bidweek, I pull up a monthly range in Path Manager to get a feel of how many of our swing customers operated in a prior month (or a month in a prior year).  I have never had problem with this before, and I have done this task every month since Unify was put into production.  When the problem occurred this month, I was attempting to view Apr 1-30, 2000 on Houston Pipe Line, with HPL as the shipper.  This information is very important for my bidweek preparation.  So, I need to continue perfomorming this operation each month.  If needed, I can wait until 5 pm top view the range.  D 
 A volume of 6,289 Mmbtu flowed over the noms for CP&L.  I don't have a record of a spot deal with them for that day.  Gary - Currently, that volume has been allocated to the Term agreement.  The price difference on that day is significant.  (HSC GD mid was 5.245).  If you don't have a record of a spot deal, the allocation should stand as it is.  D 
 On Feb 7, we sold 10,000 to Duke Energy Field Services at Waha.  However, I entered the deal (#603484) under Duke Energy Marketing (Can you believe I made a mistake?).  To correct this, I created a new ticket (#700132) under DEFS.  Mary - Please repath these deals and let Megan know when you're done.  Sorry for the extra work.  D 
 No problem.  D 
 Done.  D 
 Gary,  Do you have any record of this?  D 
 Bob,  I guess you need to make sure that this is the same well that they nominated during bidweek.  If it is, then we do need to change the price to GD.  If it is a new well behind the meter, you can either create a new deal ticket for this piece, or create a pricing tier on the old ticket.  D 
 Briant,  I'm not going to be interested.  I'm looking for a boat that is a little bigger.  Thanks.  D 
 Tim,  Please forward this to the appropriate person.  Bill Bailey with Southwest Garment & Laundry in Irving Texas is looking for an offer for gas supplied to their business under an 18-36 month term.  The last year of volume flow is:  Dec'00	1023 Jan'01	972 Mar	951 Apr	936 May	821 Jun	831 Jul	743 Aug	577 Sep	540 Oct	581 Nov	727 Dec	797 Jan	1098  Bill is needing a price as quickly as possible.  He is apparantly getting pressure from accountants to quickly tie up this supply.  His phone number is 972-438-2730.  Thanks.  Daren 
 http://store4.yimg.com/I/partyperfection_1670_1761042  Can have a cake with rough blue icing on top (seas) and find a pirate ship to put on top.  get a bunch of blue balloons (ocean) to put around pirate ships. 
 I don't know what you're smokin up there, but every one of those deal numbers you listed are WRONG.  Deal 633842 is valid for mtr 416.  It has a zero nom.  You can send that to POPS or path a volume to the deal and send it on. I added the 15th-18th to deal 621598 for item (2). Deal 529738 is valid for mtr 1598.  It has a zero nom, also.  D 
 I created deal 682029.  D 
 What's the length of your boat?  Does it have a cover?  D 
 done. 
 We did buy 5,000 from Beamont Meth.  The sale on 603107 should have been confirmed at 18,000 and the buy on deal 611178 should have been confirmed at 5,000 for the 9th.  D   Aimee Lannou   03/19/2001 09:44 AM 
 Aimee,  Please take care of this in POPS.  It looks like we've already hit the 50,000 mark on #572910.  D 
 Tim,  Please forward this to the appropriate person.  Scott Berkman with Bruggers Bagels is looking to buy gas delivered to their chain of stores.  He mentioned locations in Minn, Iowa, Detroit, Pitt, Cleveland, Boston, and Albany.  His phone number is 802-660-4020 ext. 264.  I would apprectiate it if someone would contact him regarding this supply.  Thanks.  Daren 
 FYI 
 Megan,  I changed the demand fee for Jan.  It looks like Trisha has changed the Transport ticket for the $.11.  I agree with the header charges.  D 
 Thu,  I talked with Lee Papyoti about the Equistar buybacks.  I created deal 675086 as an ENA buyback.  However, after you have allocated the volume between the Equistar plants, please get with Lee and have him look over everything.  D 
 done.   Aimee Lannou   03/15/2001 09:23 AM 
 We have a buyback under HPL (#586534).  ENA had only 7,000/day scheduled at mtr 1373 in Feb.  In reviewing the daily volumes in POPS, I didn't see any days with flow under 18,000.  So, we should not need a buyback for ENA.  Any shortages should be allocated to the HPL ticket.  D   Aimee Lannou   03/14/2001 11:03 AM 
 Congrats!  I've been looking for an explanation for the drop of our stock price.  This explains everything.  D 
 What do you mean "leaving Enron"?  Where are you going?  D 
 I have made the changes mentioned below.  I've also adjusted the spreadsheet based on our conversation yesterday.  Take a look at it when you get a chance.  D 
 We do not have storage in a facility on PG&E.  But, we do use parking and lending agreements regularly.  D 
 Done. 
 Can you come down to my desk around 1:00?  D 
 Julie,  Howard comes from the volume management area, so I am sure that he knows the best way to handle the Shell buyback.  You should path the buyback that Howard set up.  D 
 Please see the attached spreadsheet related to the EEX supply. Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Ed,=20  ENA has acted as agent for Tenaska IV , a generation facility in Cleburne, = Texas, in which , Enron has ownership interest.  Our role was to manage the= fuel requirements for the plant.  This includes scheduling, invoicing, and= settling the natural gas supplies and transportation.  In addition to the = daily activity, ENA has the responsibility to sale any excess fuel from the= baseload supplies and purchase an additional fuel needs.  Any profits/loss= es are passed on to Tenaska IV.  ENA is just paid a monthly fee for the ser= vice.  Rick Hill is my contact person for the project. He is looking into f= inding another party to handle this fuel management responsibility.  If he = can't find a party willing to do this under similar terms, we will need to = find some one with the Enron estate to handle this.  The problem with Enron= continuing in the role is the inability to transact in the gas market (no = customers willing to trade with us).  So, the project is losing value.  Ple= ase give me a call when you get a chance.  Or, maybe we can meet sometime n= ext week to go over this.  My schedule is pretty flexible.  Daren 3-6905 
 Ed and Lauri,  Jill Zivley is needing bids on various wells from EEX.  I understand that anything that is captive to HPL will be going with the pipeline after the sale.  So, you should probably quote the bids for any of this supply.  I have listed the applicable wells and some limited info in the attached spreadsheet.  Eric Boyt is working on the structuring of the deal. He may be contacting   you. He would like to get the bids to Jill by Friday.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Jill wants a quote on the supply.  This can be given at the wellhead or at a liquid point (with EEX incurring the transport to get the gas to the liquid point.)  D 
 I have attached a revised schedule of the EEX deal.  I have included our bid price and  additional notes for each field. If  you will re-print the quote sheets, I will enter our bids on them.  Additionally, since we are bidding to buy the gas delivered to the "liquid" areas, please make sure that our agreements with EEX state that the gas must be pipeline quality and must be able to be delivered into the pipes specified on the attached schedule.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D  Please view the tab labeled "Bid Pts by bid pt". 
 Cynthia,  $4.87 is the correct price for this deal. Waha did not trade above 4.94 on 3/23.  This is an EOL deal, so Conoco should be able to easily check their records to confirm this.  D 
  FYI,  Our price quotes have changed from those listed on the e-mail that was sent earlier.  Please see the Excel file "EEXBids2" in the O:/_dropboxfolder.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Done.  D 
  That's fine.  We don't have a deal for this point in the system yet, do we?  D 
 Rick,  I've had a couple of meetings today.  I'm sorry I'm just getting back to you.  I tried to call but the voice mail said that you were unavailable.  So, give me a call when you get a chance.  D 
 the deal with TGLO should be handled the same way in March.  D 
 We recently purchased house with a spa in the backyard. After filling with water and adjusting to the correct ph and bromine levels, the water smells like mildew.  Is there a way to treat this chemically?  I thought that the smell was coming from the cover at first. But, I have thoroughly cleaned the cover inside and out.  Could the smell be coming from the air/water lines?  It appears that the previous owners did not take care of some things around the house.   Thanks.  Daren Farmer 
 Rebecca,  TXU is correct on the pricing.  I have adjusted the deal tickets in Sitara.  D 
 Ed,  I believe that Jill was going to show EEX a bid with the understanding that any deals on HPL would go with the pipeline after the sale. We were working under the thought that we need continue to conduct business as usual for HPL until the sale is finalized. The HPL piece is just a portion of supply that we are bidding on, and Jill was going to present them with bids for their total package (Enron and HPL).  Let me know what you want to do. If you don't want to place a bid, I will pass that on.  D 
 Bob,  I have made a few adjustments to the wellhead file, with some comments. Please review the file and make the changes in Sitara today. Let me know if you have any questions or if something changes.  Thanks.  D  P.S. How do you like the shading? 
 That's no problem.  D 
 That's fine. 
  FYI. 
 Go ahead and adjust the deals to bring us in balance.  What is the daily flow for the Saxet well now?  D 
 Done.  Deal #749217.  D 
 We should not be paying Tenaska's Lone Star transport for Sep.  That should be paid by Tenaska IV.  We took over the payments with October production.   D 
 Hey, Ken.  Thought you would like this.  It's a little hard to read, but that's the way I received it.  D 
 Sandi,  The exisiting contracts on Lone Star are sufficient to cover deliveries to the plant (95,000 Mmbtu maximum daily quantity).  In the event that we have to transport excess gas to alternate locations, we will be using an ENA transport agreement and charging the expense back to Tenaska IV.  D 
 Megan,  For 8/1/00, allocate the receipt of gas a Cotton Valley to the exchange deal.  Since we did not deliver anything to them on that day, the settlement will occur at GD-.10.  Originally, we were working on a spot deal for this day.  Then, after the fact, we agreed to let the deal fall out under the exchagne deal.  I apparantly forgot to change the deal ticket.  For the weekend of 8/5, we need to prorate the gas over the weekend.  Due to operational issues, we agreed to receive gas all weekend and batch the deliveries on Monday.  I apologize for not getting this info to you earlier.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sandi,  Sorry for just now getting back with you.  I was out last week.  The rate ($.04/mmbtu) will be charged on the greater of the volumes nominated on the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant.  The fee will be adjusted yearly based on CPI.  Bob - I could not remember if we stated the type of settlement on the delivered volumes (actuals or nominations).  I think we should use actuals due to possibility that the plant could over pull with out our knowledge on a daily basis.  We would receive the estimates/actuals on a lag and may have to purchase gas to offset the imbalance, even though the plant kept the noms at the 45,000 base.  I also think that if the plant does increase the nom, they are more likely to pull the additional volume rather than pulling less.  Do you agree with this?  D 
 Since Koch has told you that they sold the properties to Duke, I would say that Duke should be paying us for the gas.  I had heard that Koch sold the properties to another counterparty, but I wasn't sure to whom.  I either talked or left a message with someone in the settlements area about two months ago about this after Koch informed the trader that they should not be getting the invoices.  However, I never heard back from anyone.  This is related to the CES acquisition which came online the first of this year.  The deal info we had at the time had this sale booked to Koch.  I can change the tickets in Sitara to the Duke counterparty (or create new tickets) today if you need me to, so that we can get the invoice out the door.  You will still need to coordinate with the contract group in getting the correct contract in place for the deal.  D 
 The price should be 3.56.  There had been alot of price and volume discussions for this gas day and 8/1/00.  I checked the notes and found that we actually settled at 3.56 instead of 3.58.  D 
 Heather,  I will have my group gather the names and I will forward them to you.  When do you need everything?  D 
 FYI.  Forward the info to me for anyone you want to send cards to. 
 Suzanne,  I was out last week, so I am just now getting back with you.  We primarliy served the Texas Desk commercial team, with about 10% of time spent on Producer Services.  The non routine activity should be allocated to the Texas Desk.  D 
 Carlos,  Can yuou get with Rebecca on this?  It seems like we took care of this earlier.  D 
 I had problems in getting the newest version of Access.  So, please see the attachement below related to the OPM Hours Survey. 
 Hey, Ken.  Wouldn't this be great?  It's a little hard to read, but that's the way I got it.    D 
 Megan,  I have made these adjustments.  HOwever, I would like for you to double check August.  We knew that Pan Energy would be over delivering at Cotten Valley for 8/9/00 through the end of the month.  So I changed the pricing on the deal to the GD-.10 settlement price for that time period.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I fixed it.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Done.  I could not seperate the excess charge and cashout charges under the demand expense.  They are combined on the ticket.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have no idea why payment would be suspended.  I don't remember having any problems with Ocean Energy.  Sorry.  D 
 These are not spot deals.  PanEnergy did not receive gas on the exchange. However, they did deliver gas to us at Cotton Valley.  According to the contract, when volumes are overdelivered, HPL buys the gas at GD-.10.  So, in order to correctly estimate our economics, I changed the price on the delivery to reflect how the deal will settle.  This occurred in August and September.  Any spot deals will be on seperate tickets.  Days 5 & 6, as well as 9-31 should be settled as if the exchange was in place.  (PanEnergy overdelivered about 7,800 per day, which we buy at Gas Daily -.10)  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I rolled this deal for day one in October only.  Bob - Please check with Vance on this deal.  Has it terminated or should it roll for October.  I don't think that Vance nom'd anything.  D   Aimee Lannou   10/02/2000 10:49 AM 
 FYI 
 ENA Contact  Daren Farmer Phone # 713-853-6905 Fax# 713-646-2391  EB3211F 
 Please see below.  D 
 Attached is the preliminary agency agreement related to the Cleburne Plant. This is strictly confidential, so please do not pass this info on to others. I will let you know when we have finalized the contract and send you a copy.  D 
 Melissa,  It would help us considerably if Vance would include the prices for new deals in the monthly nom.  In order to manage our postion and schedule the gas, we need to put the deals into Sitara.  We will enter spot deals with the info Vance gives us.  When the deals are ticketed, the risk group will adjust Sitara with the finalized terms.  Thanks for your help.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have entered the following deals into Sitara for October:  Camden Resources Inc. @ mtr 9858, 3000/day #420113  (This counterparty is not currently in the system) North Central Oil Corporation @ mtr 5228, 3000/day #420114  These deals have not been finalized as of yet.  But, I have entered them to assist us with managing our postion and scheduling the pipe.  Let me know if you have any quesitons.  D 
 Mark,  It looks like we will probably take over the Cornhusker deal in October.  So, I need you to get the following information for Lone Star, Williams, and Apache:  Contact Name Phone # Fax # Mailing address   We will be sending notices to these parties indicating our agency agreement with the plant (Tenaska IV Texas Partners Ltd.)  Additionally, we will need this information from the plant manager.  Please gather this information as soon as you can from Nancy Stivers.  Thanks.  D 
 Please adjust the deals in Sitara to reflect this change. D 
 I have rolled or input the following deals for October.  Crosstex 138553  2 Duke  418429  139 Hesco  394798  500 Swift  418431  322 Tri-Union 418432  700 Vintage  403367  300 Whiteoak 418434  96 Whiting  418436  100  So, I am showing that the only deals we have outstanding for Oct are:  Camden/9858  3000 Heatherlock/6879 544  (previous deal#133010) North Central/5228 3000  Julie - Please check these deals for the correct contract/terms.  Also, please look into Heatherlock.  Vance is noming gas for this deal.  However, the deal ticket does not have an evergreen flag. When I tried to roll another month, I got a message that another contract was needed.  Thanks.  D 
 Done. 
 FYI 
 KH,  HSC-.0825 is the correct price, based on the final agreement.  I have corrected the deal in Sitara.  D 
 KH,  We created deal 229758 a while back to correct this.  You will need to get Vol Mgmt to reallocate volumes from #157288 to this deal to close it out.  D 
 The Cleburne Plant will be down for an outage during the following time period:  9/24  1/2 day 9/25-10/4 entire day  So, we will have about 45,000/day to sell.  The supply costs are $2.777 for 25,000 & $2.742 for 20,000.  D 
 I think Mark got everything in last night.  You may have to have Vol Mgmt send things through.  Look into it and let me know how it looks.  I will probably be out of the office on Monday, returning on Tuesday.  D 
 Please read the message below.  What do you think about increasing the fee?   D 
 Well, I got selected.  The judge estimated that we would probably be there through Friday.  I will be in the office each morning until 9:15 and may return some evenings.  If you need anything, you can leave me a voice mail or call Liz and Stacey.  D 
 FYI.  I will be out of the office tomorrow, 9/19/00, for jury duty.  Please contact Stacey Neuweiler (3952) or Liz Bellamy (6029) if you need anything.  D 
 Kris,  Please forward this to the appropriate person.  We are buying gas from Duke at the Trevino Plant on Gulf Energy (Tejas) Pipeline.  This is a purchase that we obtained with the CES deal.  Duke (Laura Bates) has called, saying that they have not received payment in 4 or 5 months.  The deal in Sitara is #145125.  Please look into this and let me know where we stand.  Thanks.  D 
 Nagesh ,  I would like to have the CPR Position Manager resorted for the TEXASMKT screen as Follows:  Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas Systems NNGB Humble Gas Pipeline Channel Industries Gas Centana Pipeline Oasis Pipeline Comp PG&E Valero PG&E TECO Lone Star Gas Remaining pipelines in alphabetical order.  In addition to this, please sort the location level (zones) under Houston Pipeline as follows:  01-Thompsonville 14-South Texas 02-Robstown 19-King Ranch 11-Corpus 03-A/S South 04-A/S Central 07-A/S East 08-East Texas 15-Katy 16-West Loop 10-Ship Channel Remaining zones in numerical order  Let me know if you have any questions or problems.  Thanks.  Daren 
 FYI.  The research group keeps a web page updated with the latest weather info. http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/Weather/WeatherMain.htm   D 
 I will be there.  D 
 Well, folks, the Cleburne deal has started.  The deal has not been finalized through legal.  However, we were able to "get between" a few deals and make some money before we finalized it.  The Cleburne plant was down 7/31-8/7 and 8/31.  On these dates, we bought gas from Tenaska IV Texas Partners and sold to ANP and Tenaska Marketing.  Because things were not set up, I could not enter the deals until now.  Please review the following deals and settle with the customers.  Buy from Tenaska IV July 399763 Aug 399773  Sell to Tenaska Marketing July 399791 Aug 399797  Sell to ANP Aug 399814  The trading desk these are on is "ENA-IM Cleburne".  Kris - I have forwarded invoices from Tenaska IV to you via intercompany mail.  (I received both invoices this week)  I am sure there are questions, just give me a call.  Tanks.  D 
 Julie,  In Sitara, the following purchases expire with no evergreen flag.  Please let me know if this is correct for these contracts.  Deal 138094  -  ERAC     expires 10/31/00 Deal 113858  -  Teco Gas Processing     expires 12/31/00  D 
 Never used it. 
 Thanks. 
 Julie,  Please review deal 133010.  The deal shows evergreen, but nothing rolled to September.  D 
 Mary,  You can roll this if you need to.  I usually leave it up to logistics to update the trans usage tickets like this.  D 
 Due to the lack of space for the Sitara training, only 4 people can attend from Texas.  I think that it would be most beneficial if the newest members of the group attended this first meeting (Liz, Mary, Susan, and Sabrae). Russ will set up another session at a future date for others (Tom, Eddie, Mark).  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Russ,  We will send Liz, Mary, Susan, and Sabrae to this training.  Thanks.  D 
 Pat,  I think that we should probably send the newest people to the first training.  What do you think?  Liz, Susan, Mary, Sabrae?  D 
 CR,  Can you get with Duke and see if this gas should have been at Centana into Mobil instead of HPL?  D 
 done. 
 Russ,  I would like for the following people from the Texas region to attend:  Liz Bellamy Sabrae Zajak Mary Poorman Susan Hadix Tom Acton Mark McCoy Eddie Janzen  Let me know if this group is too large and move some to a later date.  Thanks.  D 
 Robert,  There are three buy back tickets in Sitara for Equistar at mtr 1373.  Two for HPL and one under ENA.  Shouldn't we have only one buyback for each company? Also, how do you have the meter set up to allocate between the ENA contract and HPL contract?  D 
 that's fine 
 Marlene,  Stacey put the contracts in intercompany mail before I got this notice. Sorry.  Send them to us again and we will get them signed and returned quickly.  D 
 You must've had a rough weekend.  I haven't seen this many screwed up e-mails from you in a while.  Or...is that 110 degree heat finally taking it's toll? 
 dfarmer get2work 
 Marlene,  After discussions with the desk, we have decided to keep the Oasis contracts under ENA.  So, we don't need to sign the contracts you sent earlier.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 10,000 should be allocated to Adonis #51862 on the 5th only.  Nothing should be allocated or confirmed for Adonis on the 16th.  Additionally, it looks like 5000 was confirmed as a receipt from Mitchell (Track ID 3167) on the 16th.  This should be -0- also.  By taking the conf/allocation for Adonis (Track ID 6155) and Mitchell (Track ID 3167) to zero on the 16th, the meter balance remains the same and the bridge errors will be cleared.  D 
 I rolled deal 331917.   Aimee Lannou   09/05/2000 11:04 AM 
 Done. 
 I corrected the deal.  The price should be Waha Index +.01.  D 
 We're working on it.  We have had alot of issues with the colder weather.  I will let you know as soon as we get Oct in.  I adjusted #514353, so hopefully the demand will come through better.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I do not have Access on my system.  D 
 See Below in Blue.  Thanks for your help.  D 
 Katherine,  There are 2 ways that I can enter this fee into Sitara: 1) I can put the dollar amount in on day 1 as a demand or facility fee.  2) I need you to give me volume(s) and a price to input into the deal.  I can't just input a dollar amount in Sitara.  Let me know how you want to handle it.  D 
 I show that we adjusted pricing for excess volumes for the following dates:   Mar 11-31    15,000/day delivered to Mobil Beaumont at IF HSC - .045   April 5-19 15,000/day delivered to Mobil Beaumont at IF HSC - .055.  An outage occurred on the 5th, so the deliveries to Mobil didn't acutally start until the   12th.  If you need anything else, let me know.  Daren 
 You may want to come to this meeting.  When we met with Bob Hall the other dayon OA, I mentioned that you and I should probably be included in the monthly meeting so that we would have an idea of any problems that were occurring each month.  If you have something else going on, don't worry about being there.  I'll relay the info to you.  D 
 Lee,  FYI.  Enron Methanol has been taking about 5,000 swing each day for August. So, I added 5,000 for September (#139057 @ GD) in addition to the 34,000 they nom'd.  D 
 Jackie,  What does MOPS show for the days in question?  It would be incorrect to add any days to the Adonis ticket mentioned below.  It sounds as if the meter was allocated incorrectly in POPS and/or a deal was not pathed correctly in MOPS.  Let me know what you find in MOPS.  D 
 Please see the attached Tufco file for July.  The 2,500 under the Wagner Brown contract on the 24th has been zeroed out (no flow at LS Katy for that day).  This resulted in a change between contracts/deals on the 31st also. Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 These deals should be converted to ENA-IM Texas.  Is there a way that you can change all of these deals systematically?  D 
 You need to speak with Reps from Exxon and Highland.  Ask them about their Lone Star transport allocation.  They had to transport the gas on Lone Star to sell to us.  So, Lone Star should have given them an allocation on their transport deliveries at that point (or their supplier's contracts) to match the sale volume.  Adjust our purchase amount from each party based on the transport allocation.  D 
 I am calculating that only 44,374 should be applied to the HPLR IFERC contract at the Tap to finish the obligation for the month.  D 
 Melissa,  Lone Star is showing the LS HPL LSK IC at zero for 7/24.  We have it in as 2,500, as you do in this e-mail.  Please look into your Lone Star transport on this date and let me know what you find.  Thanks.  D 
 Who does Lone Star show as the transporter on their side, if anyone?  Do we have an OBA at this point?  D 
 No, we have transported on Tejas a few times this year also (on and off). Carlos should be able to tell you when.  D 
 I rolled ceal 329242 for Aug 1.  D 
 I will play again, but not on Wednesday nights.  Any other night is fine.  D 
 This transport ticket should have been entered under ENA, instead of HPL. However, the pathing in Unify is correct.  HPL sold 30,000 on th 15th to ENA, who then transported it to mtr 628 on Oasis for .015.  Daren    Enron North America Corp. 
 Which direction should I go on 610?    Aimee Lannou   08/16/2000 04:47 PM 
 I'll be there. 
 Just a little explanation on what you're seeing.  We have a swing deal at this point with Equistar, which allows them to take excess volumes over the base nom.  We have been estimating the overtakes each day at 15, 000.  However, because of limitations of the scheduling system, we can't nom the volumes estimated on the swing deal.  So, Equistar is within their rights and I am monitoring their activity, but the nom versus actual doesn't reflect this.  This occurs with a few of our industrial points.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Mike,  You can come down anytime.  The mornings will be the best time to learn, but you can spend as much time as you want.  Since things are so crazy, I may not be able to answer all of your questions immediately, but can answer them later.  I will probably be on vacation next Mon and Fri.  You can start with me tomorrow or next Tuesday, it's up to you.  We usually start trading around 8:30.  We usually start the day at 7:30 with the Gas Control and Weather meeting.  D 
 The new fixed price deal with Equistar is #365013.  D 
 Melissa,  I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th.  Daren 
 I'm working hard for you!  Now at 83.5.  I need a new lawnmower, so I'll try to bump it up a little more.  Hope you're doing good.  D 
 These have been sold. 
 Is this single or double elimination? 
 John,  I need information on the following questions related to Cornhusker:  1)  I understand that we will be handling the invoicing and settlements of the supply, transport, and sales contracts.  Who will be handling the financiol accounting  and reporting for these deals?  2)  Is someone in Legal currently assigning the contracts to ENA?  3)  What is the name of the company purchasing the supply/fuel at the plant?  4)  Tenaska told us that we are supposed to be paying the suppliers and the pipeline for July and August activity.  Is this true?  I thought we weren't taking responsibility for this until September business.  We are not prepared to pay the suppliers for July.  5)  Should these deals be in an accrual or MTM book?  Thanks.  Daren 
 An adjustment is required on the Tufco contract for July 2000.  The volume for the 23rd was overstated by 5,000.  This resulted in revisions on the 23rd and 28th.  Please see the attached Tufco.  If you have any questions, give me a call @ 36905.  D 
 Test reply. 
 That's not Cole and Jake, Baby....  Do you know what our kids look like? 
 Mary,  These are transport related tickets.  Is this something that your group would look into?  D 
 I'm already schedule for another meeting from 1-2:30 on Thurs.  I am open after that.  D 
 The measurements: 38x54 38x66 with fold-out leaf  The wood is pretty dark.  I have a couple of pictures at EB 3211F if you want to see them. 
 B,  I have had the following problems with the recruiting process recently:  1)  After leaving Toni a message stating that I wanted to offer a postion to Liz Bellamy, additional interviews were being set up for other groups to interview her.  Liz had shown up on Dave Baumbach's schedule 2 or 3 times, even after his manager, Steve Venturatos, interviewed her for me.  Pat Clynes fond that this was happening while I was out of the office and immediately called Toni to get it straightened out.  Toni called me at home, which is good, but whe was not logged into the system, so she was not prepared to discuss information with me.  2)  At first, Toni was not very responsive to colls/voice mails.  This has improved over the last week.  She has called me a couple of times awaiting my decision on salary concerns.  So, I think that she is trying to stay on top of this now.  Otherwise, I have had limited intreraciton with recruiting.  D 
 FYI 
 The term contract with Four Square attached to deal #138049 has been terminated.  Therefore, we need to take that deal to zero for August 2000 forward.  Additionally, we entered into a base load (August only) deal to purchase the gas from Four Star at mtr 6599 (#348446).  The 1,500/day should be schueduled on this deal.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Bob and Mary,  Please talk to Vance Taylor about this.  Daren 
 I'll be there.  I mean it this time.  Really.  D 
 Name Tags:  Daren Farmer Tonya Farmer 
 Dave,  This should explain the variance with Lubrizol.  We did not get this info., so Sitara was not adjusted.  D 
 HOw much does that cost?  I mayh run it through Tom's RC. 
 We didn't buy anything from Pan Energy at Centana Mobil until April the 3rd. So, we shouldn't pay for this gas.  D 
 See registration form below. 
 Mary,  Please get with some one in measurement to check the flows at the meter.  I am thinking that the measurement must be incorrect. In POPS, the estimates vs acutals look odd.  The gas that was coming to us in June, is going to Koch in July, so we should not be receiving anything.  D 
 Finney,  Congratulations on the new baby!  Are you sure you picked up the right one at the hospital?  She is too cute to have anything to do with you.  Hope everybody is doing good and ya'll are getting at least a little sleep.  Daren 
 Nicole, The correct price is 4.50.  I changed the deal ticket.  D 
 I'll be there. 
 Megan,  I have created deal 514353 to capture the $.04 agency fee for the Tenaska deal.  This deal will have zero volume and zero commodity price with a demand charge of $.04 on 45,000/day.  Since there is no volume, Mark McCoy will be scheduling this deal as a zero nom.  Hopefully, this will allow the demand charge to flow through the system.  Let me know if you don't see this happening.  For Sep and Oct, you will need to get someone in Volume Management to create an accounting arrangement for this deal (pathed to the imbalance pool).  When actuals come in, you can give me the volumes and I will change the demand charge.  I took the demand charge off of the sale ticket (#384258).  D 
 In order to account for the same day change at Katy, please schedule the following deals for 7/24/00 only:  At Exxon Katy (Mtr 4132):  Allocate -0- to deal 284599 Allocated 4,500 to deal 339604  At Lone Star Katy (Mtr 67): Allocate 5,000 to deal 341801(new deal) Allocate 5,500 to deal 341808 (new deal)   Please remember that EOL deals are firm.  This means that we can't change the location, volume, or price on these deals.  If questions arise around an EOL deal, please make sure that your audience (traders, myself, etc.) knows that your are discussing an EOL trade.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 I created a new deal to capture this flow.  #333712 I also created a deal for July, #333718.   D 
 Esther,  Gary asked me to send this info to you for the business trip that I've invited him on.  Enron employees will be leaving at 11:30am on Continental flight #1668 from Bush Intercontinental on Friday 8/4/00.  The return flight from Tampa will be Continental #1663 leaving Tampa at 3:20 pm on Sunday, arriving in Houston at 4:29pm.  I believe that there are a couple of later flights on Friday (around 1:30 and 3:30) if Gary needs to come in for a part of the day.  I will probably have to catch one of the later ones, but Gary is welcome to go whenever he likes.  If you have any questions, give me a call @ 36905.  Daren 
 Done.  D 
 Hillary,  Can we extend deal 77352 for the rest of the year?  I tried to do this, but I got the message to add a contract.  This deal is set up in case GSF needs compressor fuel and should roll each month.  However, there is no line for July.  D 
 Deal 77352 is already out there for June.  D   Aimee Lannou                07/12/2000 02:00 PM 
 458 deals 6 new, 452 existing 
 I recevied a note from Janet Wallis stating that we need Gas Daily deals for imbalances at Colorado River Station (Mtr 8663) for Nov 99 and Mar 00.  I changed the pricing on the term deal 72349 to Gas Daily + .199 to cover these flows.  HC - Please have someone allocate the needed volumes to this deal ticket for these two months, and let Katherine know when completed.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 You need to discuss this with the East Desk.  See if Tetco allocated the vol to their contract.  D 
 During June, Coral transacted on EOL.  However, they selected a July thru October deal by mistake.  The marketer immediately called the desk and we agreed to let them out of the deal, which resulted in the creation of a second deal in EOL.  Coral is not reporting anything on the deal, since it was unwound.  But, since EOL deals are automatically processed and are firm transactions, we cannot kill the deal on our side, even though they net to zero volume and price.  Logistics will be brokering the transactions in MOPS.  Please be sure that Coral is not invoiced or paid on these deals. Again, they will not have a record of the deals.  The Sitara deals are: 287946 and 288653.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Buy Apache  #384247 Buy Williams 384237 Sale Tenaska 384258 Trans Capacity Lone Star 452491&452475  Spot sales will be on various tickets throughout each month.  Deals are under the Cleburne Intramamonth Position in Sitara.   D 
 Bob,  Update our nom in Sitara to agree with their's.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Can you set up a GTC with Duke Energy Field Services,Inc.  for May -July 2000?  D 
 Gary,  Does the workhseet mentioned below assist you with the monthly operations related to the industrial customers?  D 
 I have rolled # 143559 through July 2000 to cover the purchase from Republic.  We sell this gas to Duke Energy Field Services (#143558 for Jan - Apr,  CES-Duke Energy Field Services, Inc ).  The counterparty on this deal has been suspeneded, so I created # 316727 under the counterparty of Duke Energy Field Services Marketing, LLC.  Hillary - Please extend the CES-Duke counterparty or attach the correct Duke counterparty to this deal.  If you have any questions, let me know.  D 
 When will the buybacks and swings be set up for July?  I am a little concerned with the long weekend coming up.  I believe that we agreed that these would be set up by the 3rd work day, which would be Friday the 7th. (Six days of flow.)  I definitely don't think that we should any later.  It would be great if this could be handled sooner, miimizing our economic impact.  Additionally, we need to get the Industrial spreadsheet up and running again.  This report is very beneficial to Gas Control, industrial traders and schedulers on call.  Let me know what you think.  D 
 We did not sale to Conoco on 5/5/00.  D 
 Sitara #139066 has a max of 9500 in the flex nom.  Is this correct?  Should the additional 1500 be on a swing ticket or included on the index ticket?  D 
 Deal 93200 covers this meter.  However, we have a zero as the expected volume.  You can select "always send nom" in MOPS to get this to come over in POPS.  D   Aimee Lannou                06/21/2000 08:26 AM 
 Deal 312610 purchase at Centana Deal 312613 Sale at Rusk.   D 
 Beverly,  Please include Carlos Rodriguez on the CES e-mails.  He will be handleing the scheduling for us.  Thanks.  D 
 The following deals have been taken to zero from 6/27/00 to 6/29/00 for the 3 Rivers outage.  Flow should resume on 6/30/00.  137939  12 202362  101 133263  42 296629  30 166810  30 133433  87 138426  918 133344  54 130865  246 137936  18 204859  1800 130510  381 279778  21 136275  70 139092  10 126330  41 125808  1405 (various points) 137632  60 (Various points) 137850  5 137858  1 138456  25 126335  612 138094  1265 93779  2677 266970  2812 113858  7000   Total  19,723 
 Gary Hanks and Pat Clynes.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I got in trouble the last time I exposed myself. 
 Please go ahead and update Sitara.  D 
 This deal relates to Geens Bayou only.  D 
 I extended the deal.  D   Aimee Lannou                06/21/2000 11:03 AM 
 Apply this volume to deal 101303.  The point is on the ticket, but nothing was nom'd that day.  D 
 Vacation - 7/5-6 Customer Trip 7/7   It's going to be so hard begin away from you on these days.  I am really not looking forward to my vacation.  D 
 Not interested. 
 I would be interested in talking to Liz.  Please set up an interview for me one afternoon during the next couple of weeks.  Thanks.  D 
 No interest. 
 Don't know.  D 
 MP,  Apply that volume to the Cannon Storage deal.  The meter is already on the ticket for that time period.  D 
 Rob,  I got your name from Doug Leach.  He  thought that you would be the person to talk to about this.  I got a call last night from Rudolph Maldonado.  (The operator forwarded him our way.)  He stated that he has some natural gas to sell in Saudi Arabia. His number is 562-866-1755.  Could you give him a call and check this out?  I told him that I would find someone that he could discuss this with.  I can be reached at 3-6905 if you have any questions.  Daren Farmer 
 The deal at mtr 8663 in April was not a spot deal.  This was a Gas Daily Firm agreement under the term contract with Southern Union, deal 72349.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Bob,  Leave the nom as it is in the system.  It looks like they have been delivering more than the original nom instead of less.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I changed the pricing on deal 157288 for the East Texas point.  D 
 Bob,  Go ahead and reduce their volume by 8 hours for that day.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Nope.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will be there. 
 done 
 This is correct.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 10/17 #439156 9/30 #420864 (This deal is under Samedan)  Are there any other days on the invoices?  D 
 I need a number where you can be reached on Friday evening.  I will be getting the schedule after work on Friday and will call and let you know when and where our games will be.  D 
 Nagesh ,  I would like to have the CPR Position Manager resorted for the Texas/HPLC screen as Follows:  Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas Systems NNGB Humble Gas Pipeline Oasis Pipeline Company PG&E Valero PG&E TECO Remaining pipelines in alphabetical order.  In addition to this, please sort the location level (zones) under Houston Pipeline as follows:  01-Thompsonville 14-South Texas 02-Robstown 19-King Ranch 11-Corpus 03-A/S South 04-A/S Central 07-A/S East 08-East Texas 15-Katy 16-West Loop 10-Ship Channel Remaining zones in numerical order  Let me know if you have any questions or problems.  Thanks.  Daren 
 I received a call from Jill Zively about our supply at mtr 5999.  Late Friday night (6/9), a portion of this gas will be delivered into Midcon instead of HPL.  The nomination into HPL for the 10th through the rest of the month will be 11,300/d.  Jill knew this would be happening, so they priced the deal at Gas Daily.  I changed deal #278748 to reflect this change for Saturday forward.  Since this is priced at Gas Daily, there will be no mark-to-market impact.  We need to review the flows next week to see how much the volume changed and adjust if necessary.  D 
 Tom Engel (Sitara) has moved the big Entex ticket (#117413) for July 2000 forward to deal #292249.  This should help some with amount of time it takes to update and bridge back this deal.  He is adjusting the swap tickets also. You should probably double check these to make sure everything looks ok.  The programmers are also trying to find ways to further decrease the time involved in updating the deal.  D 
 457 deals 13 New, 444 existing 
 I changed the dates to 1999. D 
 I can't make it.  Sick kids.  D 
 Apply deal 269123 to contract 012-27049-201.  D 
 We need to have all the links and the spreadsheets updated by the 3rd workday of December (12/5).  D   Aimee Lannou   11/20/2000 11:02 AM 
 BH,  Sorry I didn't get these to you last night.  I left the office sooner than planned.  This list is pretty slim.  I spent much time trying to learn to trade Waha, which took a considerable amount of time away from producing reults for you.  With me now concentrating on operations and with the plan to hire an additional person, this will change.  Let me know if you have any questions on my list of accomplishments.  D 
 Is putting up with a bossy, domineering assistant,  who makes fun of me, considered an accomplishment? 
 Done. 
 Steve,  I really need the Oasis and PGE transport contracts assigned to HPL by July 2000.  Currently, we are buying gas in the Waha region as HPLC.  But since our transport is under ENA, we have to enter an additional transaction where HPL sales the gas to ENA at the point of purchase.  ENA then transports the gas to a delivery point.  If the gas is sold to another counterparty, an additional transaction between ENA and HPL must be entered at the delivery point.  This causes great difficulty in balancing out the pipelines and completing the scheduling in reasonable time.  Plus, it just doesn't make sense to keep the transport under ENA since we transact all other deals as HPLC.  Please let me know when we can get these contracts assigned.  Thanks for your help.  Daren 
 This is a estimate for UA4, fuel, loss, and various other operational usages.  This deal should be handled like the other operational tickets in the system.  D   Aimee Lannou                06/01/2000 11:19 AM 
 Bob,  Go ahead and accept the nom revision.  I believe that this is with PGE, not El Paso.  How do the rest of our noms compare with EOG?  I f they have a higher volume at another meter than we do, I would like to increase our nom there.  In effect, I want to keep our physical index position as close as possible to what we have in the system now.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 You need to get with the East desk on this.  Were they allocated this volume on Tetco?  If so, you can adjust the deal and have the East desk approve it. If they were not allocated this flow, the volume should go on the OBA.  D 
 I have adjusted deal #152638 to cover the first 20 days of flow in Jan.  D 
 Let's keep the current noms in the system for now.  After a few days have flowed, we will look at all the wellhead volumes and adjust if needed.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Any processing is handled by Devon.  ENA is buying the residue gas at the tailgate of the plant.  D 
 The position reports to me and is budgeted.  D 
 Toni,  Attached is the job posting for my group.  Please process this as soon as possible.  Thanks.  Daren 
 June volumes on Tejas are attached. 
 I will be out 6/9 on a customer trip (San Antonio with Aquila).  I will be on vacation in July from 1st-7th.  D 
 CR and AL,  We bought 8000 from Richardson (#245410) at Teco - Lone Star Katy and sold it to Tufco at that point on 5/12/00.  At 3am Tufco cut us on the sale, resulting in only 6,000 flowing to Tufco for the day.  We need to find out what PGE did with the remaining 2,000 we bought from Richardson.  Did they deliverit to us at HPL?  Or did they cut Richardson?  Or, are they showing that we have gas stranded at that point?  Please look into this and let me know.  D 
 AC,  You may need to fax a copy of the invitation for the July trip to Tim.  When I talked to him today, he hadn't seen anything.  (My fault, I turned the names in late.)  The real invitaion should be delivered to him soon.  D 
 HPL is ok.  D 
 Julie,  What info do you have on the Praxair deal (#70171)?  Should this be on ENA or HPLC?  D     Cheryl D King 05/23/2000 09:27 AM 
 You've got to love idiotic calls, don't you?  An onside kick after you've won the game?  What was Barnett  thinking?  I don't think I'll ever watch another Aggie football game...ohh, the misery. I can't handle the emotional rollar coastar.  Anyway, How was Thanksgiving?  Did you make your trip out to pick up the 15 ft christmas tree?  Or was it bigger this year?  We made the journey to Tuscaloosa.  The trip wasn't too bad.  That TV/VCR is a lifesaver.  I ate way too much, but it sure was good.  Hope everthing's going good for you and the family.  D 
 Tom,  Please handle this.  The deal is already out there for this time period.  You will probably need to send a zero nom.  D 
 Thanks.  D 
 Nagesh,  Please resort the pipeline order on the Texas/HPLC position screen in CPR. The current sort makes it difficult for us to manage our trading position each day.  The arrangement  (from the top of the screen to the bottom) that would most benefit us is listed below:  Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas System NNGB Oasis PG&E Valero All remaining pipes listed in alphabetical order by pipe name.   Please look into this and let me know of any problems in making these changes.  Thanks.  Daren 
 Christine,  Attached is the Entex file I mentioned in the voice mail this morning.  We really need to have these adjustments made in POPS today.  Please let me know if you can help with this.  Thanks.  Daren 
 B,  Reviewers:  Gary Hanks Tom Martin Elsa Villareal Ed Gottlob Pat Clynes Stacey Neuweiler Ami Chokshi HPL Logistics Group (?)   D 
 Schedule the volume under the gathering k.  D 
 George,  Can you look into this?  D 
 Mike,  This is what I was talking about in our staff meeting.  Let me know if you can make this.  D 
 I've created deal 269123.  The pricing below looks in correct.  I have used 85% of Gas Daily, instead of Gas Daily less 85% (That would only be 15% of Gas Daily.)  Please verify the price and let me know if we need to change the deal ticket.  Daren 
 possibly friday.  I will take Mon the 18th off also. 
 If you need it, I've got a contract brief that lists the transport cost and fuel from each location (there numerous receipt points).  It is possible that we may need to purchase extra gas for the plant on occasion.  In that case, we can use the same transport contract on Lone Star and transport on other pipes also.  Any expense we incur to deliver gas to the plant will be passed on to the plant.  If you have any questions, let me know.  D 
 done 
 Is this in index related price? 
 Cheryl,  The counterparties with which ENA currently sales gas are:  City of Brazoria Central Illinois Light Company D & H Gas Company, Inc. Markham Gas Merit Energy Partners Praxair Reliant Energy - Entex Reliant Energy - HL&P Southern Union Company Texas Utilities Fuel Company (Now TXU Fuel Co) Union Carbide Corporation Unit Gas Transmission Company Inc   ENA has transacted with the other companies listed below, but that will most likely not happen again.  (HPL will trade with those counterparties.)  All ENA trades on HPL will be in Sitara.  We have reports which can be generated out of CPR that can list all deals by counterparty for ENA.  Let me know if you need something like that.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  D          Cheryl D King 05/10/2000 08:42 AM 
 I have created deal 266962 for the volumes at mtr 6757.  What price is Duke reporting for the mtr 5192 volumes?  The only activity we've had out there is payback with Koch.  D   Aimee Lannou                05/09/2000 03:30 PM 
 That works for me.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Tom,  Let's leave everything as it is currently and review the meters in a couple of days to see if the increases actually occur.  D 
 That's fine. D 
 Put us down for 50. 
 5519 Clarkston Ln Spring, Tx  77379  You're not getting nervous are you?  How's everything going?  I've wanted to call you and maybe go to lunch, but we have been extremely busy.  Hopefully things will settle down this next week and we can hook up.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 For October, Tenaska IV should be paying us.  We bought gas from Apache and Williams on Lone Star Pipeline.  We sold that gas to Tenaska IV when the Cleburne plant was operating.  On days the plant was not operating, we sold that gas to other counterparties (the sales on Lone Star you see for ENA). For September, we may need to pay them an amount, but I need to check into that.  With the way this deal has been in the structuring process over a couple of months, there are some questions on how to handle Sep.  I'll let you know what I determine about Sep.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shari,  # of Producer Services deals in Apr:  439 existing 5 new 444 Total 
 Bob,  On the Texas desk, the majority of our deals are nominated manually (on Excel or preprinted forms), with most of the information pulled from Sitara instead of Unify.  So, these noms were not late.  For a couple of 3rd party pipelines, we do use Unify.  But we did not have nom changes for 5/4.  Our only problem was sending noms to HPL.  Which is sending information to yourself, but it still delays the confrimation process for the pipeline. This nom was sent about 30 minutes late.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Daren 
 Sitara deals 257141 and 257144.,   KENNY J SOIGNET 05/01/2000 11:02 AM 
 Mike,  What is the status of the list we compiled a few months ago?  I had a few items on that list, but I can't remember the details now.  Since I don't deal with Unify as much as I used to, the only thing that I can remember is:  We need to add a column with the initials of the schedulers responsible for each meter.  D 
 That's fine 
 Yes, Who is this? 
 I've changed the deal to 1 for the rest of this month and for May.  d   Aimee Lannou                04/25/2000 12:14 PM 
 This is the course.  The 7th is fine.  I also have Brandy looking into the tuition reimbursement deal.  Apparantly, the person she needs to talk to is out of the office.  D   Stacey Neuweiler   11/21/2000 04:36 PM 
 Go ahead and make those changes.  D 
 Craig re-negotiated this deal, begining with April 2000.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will not be in the office on Friday. 
 Yes, you can create the deal ticket.  D   Aimee Lannou                04/17/2000 10:56 AM 
 Charlotte,  I need you to find out what's going on with this point and the transport on Channel.  Apparantly, we are moving some gas on Channel from HPL #3455 to HPL #6490. (Deals 83084 and 83088).  Why has this occurred each month?  D 
 March is consistent with Feb. 
 I have created deal 244531 to cover this flow.  Julie - This is actually volume related to the term deal 93804.  Volume flowed in March due to timing on changing the meter.  Can you attach the term contract to this deal?  (I copied the term deal to create the March ticket.)  D   Aimee Lannou                04/14/2000 09:01 AM 
 Leave as is in Sitara. 
 Just leave the nom as is in Sitara.  We will look at all wellheads next week.  D 
 Gary thinks that we will not have any problems with this.  D 
 Charlotte Hawkins should be able to help you with this. 
 Have you asked Karry Kendall about this meter? 
 I rolled deal 128952. 
 I have created deal tickets 241558 and 241560 for July 99 - March 00 based on the info below.  Due to time constraints, I have not researched pricing and volumes, I trust that the info supplied to me agrees with the contract.  Robert - We need to get together tomorrow afternoon to set up April.  D 
 Leave the nom as it is in Sitara. 
 Please look into this.  D 
 Mtr 1600- A deal already exists for this meter (#159194).  If you view the meter in MOPS you can see the deal.  (It had zero volume before today.)  Mtr 6725 - This gas is traded on the spot market, so there is no deal to put in.  D 
 Thanks for the info.  I appreciated the call the other day.  It really helps me out to recieve info early like that.  D 
 Mtr 1534 - I created deal 238899 for 3/2-31/00 and #238900 for Apr.  Mtr 6725 - This meter is traded daily (spot) so, we can't extend the deal. When Elsa gets back next week, I will check with her to see if she did a deal with Encina on this day.  D 
 Imelda,  Look on the Texas tab.  I've made some comments beside the names.  These adjustments are for HPLC and Texas.  We no longer handel EFSC.  D 
 Just kidding.  That would not be a problem.  Do I need to give a review of our earlier Sitara training also?  Let me know what you want.  D 
 No, I don't want to. 
 Tom,  Leave the noms the way they are in Sitara.  These volumes are so small, there is no need to adjust anything.  D 
 Steve,  How are things going with this request?  FYI.  The majority of deals we transact on Oasis are done as HPLC.  Only sales to LCRA and term sales to Tufco are done as ENA.  Thanks.  Daren 
 This is in reference to Sitara # 228914.  Gracias, Amiga.  D 
 I extended deal 461059 for the rest of October.  D 
 Are you going to nom these volumes for the rest of the month?  D 
 This is Daren.  Who are you? 
 yes 
 The deal for March was actually #210507.  I rolled it for one day.  D 
 Is this still outstanding?  Craig is back in the office now.  D 
 Don't we have an OBA at this point now?  D 
 For volumes in excess of the 60,000 on our term agreement which were redelivered to HPL at Mobil Beaumont, we agree to pay Inside Ferc HSC-.045 for the month of March.  The price at which HPL delivered the gas at Eastrans remains at Inside Ferc HSC-.04.  Daren Farmer 
 For April,  We agree to nominate 60,000 into Eastrans.  With redeliveries of:   50,000 into PG&E 7,800 into HPL at Fuels Cotton Valley 2,200 to HPL at Carthage  Pricing for any additional volumes will need to be renegotiated.  You may contact either myself or Stacey Neuweiler. 
 unsubscribe 
 The buy and sale should net out, nothing to be billed to paid to TGLO.  The volumes should be the same on both sides.  Whoever backs up Tom should reallocate in POPS to make this happen.  We had to show a buy/sale in order to schedule the delivery to TGLO on a third party pipe.  D 
 Were these deals confirmed?  What are the pipes and contracts?  D 
 I don't have any expected volumes.  You should use the best information you have from prior months.  D 
 We should have everything from Vance by tomorrow (NX2). 
 No, deal 156071 is good for days 7-29. 
 The actuals should be allocated to the new ticket which has been nom'd, tracked. and balanced.  D 
 We do not have deal to enter for this.  You need to look at the entire Midtex line for each of the days that are out of balance.  If we are short at Katy, I would think that we would be long at Dewville.  (Many times, our receipts from the Midtex line at Katy are offset by our deliveries to Tufco at the Tap.)  This should help you fix the January problem.  Also, for December, you may need to ask PG&E where they show the delivery for Western.  Is it at HPL Katy, as our records show, or is it at PGE's another point on the Midtex line?  In any case, we don't have deliveries to make.  The only other remedy is to book the variance on the partnership imbalance.  D   Aimee Lannou                03/22/2000 01:24 PM 
 Dan,  ENA - Texas currently has tranport contracts on PGEV and Oasis pipelines (listed below).  Since we are transacting as Houston Pipe Line for the majority of our trades, we need these contractsto be assigned from ENA to HPL.  Or, we need to enter into new agreements as HPL.  What is the process used to accomlish this?  We would like to get this set up as soon as we can.  Thanks.  Daren 
 I have created deal 223865 (zero volumes) to cover this name change.  D 
 I have created deal 222844 to cover this meter.  The deal ticket has zero volume.  Just allocate the actuals at the end of each month.  D   Aimee Lannou                03/11/2000 09:49 AM 
 Done.  FYI.  Due to scheduling concerns and contract language, I changed the delivery point on this deal to Eastrans pipeline, instead of HPL.  This should clean up the allocations for this area.  Also, beginning on Nov 15th, we cut the swap to zero, and I purchased the gas at Cotton Valley under a spot agreement (#484935).  Let me know if you have any questions.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have extended deal 151669 to cover mtr 9676 for Feb and Mar.  D 
 This deal was done with Greg Stockard.  D 
 George,  Are you looking into these variances?  D 
 ATEs is incorrect.  There should not be a specialist in my group.  D 
 Keep them at 12,000 in Sitara.  D 
 Aimee,  You need to set up a transport capacity ticket in Sitara for this.  Heidi Withers should be able to help you.  I don't know the contract to apply to the deal. Heidi or Julie Meters may be able to help with this also.  D   Aimee Lannou                03/20/2000 12:28 PM 
 Drop the nom to 11,000.  D 
 got it 
 What have they been flowing for the past week?  D 
 Make the nom change.  D 
 Hey, AC!  How are things going for you?  Liking your new freedom, wild girl?  I hope your having fun.  I'm sure missing you on Entex.  I'm already feeling the heat from TM.  With the cold spell and the change in weather forecasts, I have to re-evaluate Entex everyday.  But, that's the way it always is over here.  I've been meaning to e-mail you, but I always remember after I leave the office.  Anyway, let me know how it's going.  Later, D 
 I extended the deal at mtr 6719 to include 2/10.   In the future, please run all wellhead deals through Tom Acton first.  I've got a message into Julie Meyers to look into the contract at meter 9676, and will let you know what she determines.  D 
 Julie,  Is the contract with Cokinos on deal 151669 valid for Feb and Mar 20000?  D 
 The bridgeback will take care of changing the volumes from the 1st.  D 
 Hold off on changing the noms.  Let's see how they flow over the weekend and decide on Monday or Tuesday on whether to make adjustments or not.  D 
 Don't bother with changing the nom.  D 
 Please CC Stacey neuweiler and Ami Chokshi on any wellhead changes. Thanks.  D 
 Virginia,  Please reserve a spot for me at the Pig Out Luncheon on 3/15.  Thank you.  Daren 
 It was taken care of yesterday afternoon.  Thanks for your help.  D 
 I would like to receive the guide.  My location is 3138c.  Daren 
 We cannot extend #151203.  I created a new deal for January 200 forward (#212401).  Julie - Will you attach a contract.  D   Aimee Lannou                03/06/2000 02:47 PM 
 Fred,  Please look at the attached file below.  Can you give me the October volumes for these meters?  D 
 Hey Sweet Baby!  Can you answer this?  I love you. 
 Mike,  The following attachment contains the error message I received when trying to log in to POPS.  I need to get this fixed as soon as possible, since it is used to assist with our trading activities.  Thanks for your help.  D 
 Hey Ken,  Sorry it has taken so long to get back with you, but...We've had an interesting couple of weeks here.  Craig Faulbaum has taken personal some time off (I think that this is the 4th week).  So, we have picked up his trades.  Tom restructured the EOL trading.  Carey has gone to Gas Daily and I have taken over the Waha trading for an interim period.  (I'm still responsible for our overall position, but Ami is watching it during trading.)  In other words, everyone on my desk is doing double duty.  And, of course, Tom expects nothing to fall through the gaps (not cracks, anymore). He has two opening on the trading side that we (Stacey and I) are filling.  I don't know if he has even interviewed anyone yet.  I am getting very frustrated with the whole business.  It doesn't see that he even appreciates the amount of time and stress we are going through to pick up his slack. Wheww...That feels a little better... getting some of that off my chest.  Anyway, Tonya is very uncomfortable.  I think that baby is going to come along any day now (due date is still 3/18).  We are both definitely ready. The desk is really going to be in a fix when I'm out with that.  That's just too bad.  (I half expect Tom to ask me to come in some.  I've got a real quick answer to that.)  How are things at home?  Linda doesn't have you working too much does she?  I just bought the materials to put a sprinkler system in our front yard.  If things get weak on your stock trading, I've got some trenches you can dig for extra cash!  It shouldn't be too bad, I bought a brand new sharp-shooter. (Of course with a new shovel, I'd have to knock some off of your hourly pay.)  The grant price on the employee options is $55.50.  I hope everything is going good for you.  I would like to have lunch with you sometime.  I will let you know when things work out here, so that we can do that.  Or...I can give you a call when I'm out for paternity leave and we can go one day then.  Talk to you later.  D 
 I extended both deals.  D 
 Can everyone meet at 3:30 today?  Please let me know.  Daren 
 I updated deal 143709.  D 
 Scott,  I left a message with Vance and Melissa last night about the Base Gas Roll process.  Do you have time Monday afternoon to discuss this?  D 
 Let's shoot for Monday afternoon.  I will get a room set up for us.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Cactus Swift is now ERAC:  #169760 for Jan, #138094 for Feb HPLR Liq:  138544  D 
 The meters in question are : 616, 894, 2538, 2690, 3396.  Mtrs 616 and 2538 are shrinkage and condensate meters.  Volumes are split among HPLR Liquids and HPLC, with the majority going to Liquids. Mtr 894 is a gas loss meter.  Volume should be allocated to our operational ua4 contract. Mtrs 2690 and 3396 should be allocated to Liquids.  You can see these allocations by viewing prior months in POPS.  On Monday afternoon, Clem Cernosek will verify the above transactions and expain the split between parties at 616 and 2538.  D 
 In most cases, ENA will be a net buyer from Tenaska IV for activity related to the Cleburne plant.  However, for October 2000, the plant was down the majority of the month and ENA sold off the supply, resulting in ENA owing money to Tenaska IV.  I have created deal 529856 with a demand of $1,798,389.73, which is the calculated amount of income on the Cleburne desk. (Please see the attached schedule.)   We need to pass this income on to Tenaska IV.  Do we need to pay this amount (wire from ENA to Tenaska IV) or is there another way to do this?  This is the case for October 2000 and could possibly happen again in the future.  Greg, Troy, Jim - Please let me know what you think about settling this.  Megan - Don't pay the amount until we here from the Greg, Troy and Jim. Also, make sure that we have received dollars from the spot sales before we reimburse Tenaska IV.  D 
 DONE 
 In February, 539,594 Mmbtu were allocated to the our index purchase from HPLR Liquids at King Ranch.  This allocation resulted in a large physical unaccounted for loss.  Effectively, the gas was being purchased twice in our systems.  In addition, a sale to the Liquids group, which should have been zero, was brokered with a purchase from Swift (2500 Mmbtu/day), resluting in additional gas being allocated to the HPLR Liquids purchase contract.  I have attached a schedule detailing the volumes that were double booked in February.  This schedule also reports the daily volumes for March which will need to be adjusted.  I have calculated (based on estimates) that we should have only purchased about 88,000 from the Liquids group at King Ranch for February.  See the following:  Booked to HPLR Liquids: 539,574  18,606/day Purch by HPLC @ WH:  379,108  13,073/day Incorrect Liquids Sale:    72,500  2,500/day Adjusted purch from Liquids:   87,986  3,034/day   We usually input a purchase of 2,500 Mmbtu/day from HPLR Liquids at the tailgate.  We can increase this to 3,000/day for March.  The majority of gas in the 3-Rivers system is transported to the King Ranch plant through HGPL.  Some of this gas is purchased at the wellhead by HPLC, some of the gas is purchased at the wellhead by HPLR Liquids, and three producers have the option to either sell their gas to HPLC at the wellhead or to process their gas and sell the residue to HPLC at the tailgate of the plant.  It is very important to keep the meters and volumes allocated correctly among parties related to these transactions.  The attached schedule should assist in doing this.  I have reported the meters at which HPLC buys wellhead gas.  The movement of this gas through HGPL and King Ranch should be kept seperate from the gas purchased by the Liquids group.  A transport usage ticket can be used to show the transfer of HPLC's gas from King Ranch to HPL.  Let's plan on discussing this either Friday or Monday afternoon.  Let me know what works best for you.  D 
 FYI 
 I made the following industrial changes for March 3rd:  Chevron  decreased to 9500/day.  This should remain for the rest of the month.  Lyon-Citgo increased to 34,000.  This is an increase of 10,000 that will need to be rolled daily until further notice.  Shell Cogen increased by 5,000 to 45,000.  This will need to be rolled daily until further notice.  Let me know if you have any quesitons.  D 
 Do you mean 12,000 at 6789?  If so that's fine.  Go ahead and bring the Yates down also.  D 
 It's fine with me to allocate everything to Torch if they are paying for it.  D     Kimberly Vaughn 03/01/2000 04:51 PM 
 Tom,  For the EOG piece, bring the nom down to 4400 through the 7th.  For the 8th forward, leave the nom as is.  When we get more information next week, we can adjust as necessary.  Yates - What did they produce in Jan and Feb?  Let me know that and we can decide if we want to adjust the nom.  Vintage - Adjust our nom to tie with Vintage. 
 That's fine.  Go ahead and change the deal if you need to.  D 
 Also... What is the Enron dress code?  Do my clothes have to match?   I don't think I've really ever had a professional image.  Do I have to shave?  I don't think I've ever been anywhere on time.  This whole meeting thing is going to be difficult for me.  Just thought you needed to know.  D 
 I changed the price to 2.85.  With the changes in personnel on the desk, we don't have a lot of info to dispute their price.  It's not cost beneficial to do so anyway.  D 
 Do I need to bring a pen and paper?  Is that considered "professional"?  I think it would be more impressive if you were taking my notes.  Let me know what you think.  D 
 Tom, Go ahead and make these changes in Sitara.  Thanks. D 
 Robert,  Ken developed an industrial report before he left.  It can be found at o/logistics/kenseaman/industrialsmonthly/...  There is one file for each month of 2000.  I need you to update this for March.  This will need to be distributed to Gas Control, Logistics, and myself.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Brenda,  I may be involved in an options training class 2/28-3/7 from 4:30-6:30 each evening.  This is mandatory for the commercial guys, and Tom is trying to get me in also.  D 
 The purchase from Swift was shown at mtr 3405 during Dec and Jan.  I have created a new deal (#204777) to add mtr 9643 to the deal.  Deal 114096 is the purchase from HPLR Liquids.  This purchase is on 138544 for Jan 2000 forward.  D 
 I know we transported on Midcon due to problems with the plant at the point. I am not sure about the rate.  D 
 JM,  Is the contract on 461059 good for Nov?  D 
 Bruce,  I need to hold the deliveries to 60,000 for 2/24.  I'm somewhat limited on my transport right now.  I will look into the possibility of increasing the volume, though.  If you can increase the deliveries at Fuels Cotton Valley, that will work.  Daren 
 Got your message.  Jo won't have your tax figured out until we get the Langston #.  But, she will be able to give you an idea soon.  The curtains do look good.  We are going to have to get a shade to use also, though.  The sun and lights come through pretty bright.  Gotta go.  D 
 Done 
 We bought the gas from Koch Energy Trading (Deal 138613).  D 
 FYI.  Due to this shut-in, I have taken deal 135714 to zero for the 17th-29th.  If you hear of this point coming back into service, please notify me.  D 
 3/6,7,9,13,16,20,21,23  FYI.  Gas Fair is 3/14-16.  D 
 Rita and Lisa,  Why don't ya'll get together and determine a range of days/times that would work for your groups to have a training session.  (Over lunch or early afternoon)  If you are interested, I would like to discuss how we operate the HPL system and the processes we go through during the trading day.  To help with the discussion, I have maps which highlight the main points and areas where we transact.  (There will be a few for you to keep at the desks.)  I did this with the Logistics group.  I think it went pretty well.  If you want to do this, we need to allow 1.5 to 2 hours to talk about everything. Let me know.  D 
 As discussed in our 3-Rivers/King Ranch meeting, I have set up purchases from the liquids group and the other 3rd parties at HGPL mtr 0012.  Due to bridgebacks, I had to create new deal numbers for the days prior to 2/16/99. (I went back to Dec 1999, in case it is needed.)  Please see the deal #s below.  Teco  113858 &169759 HPLR Liquids  114099 & 169765   (existing deal to cover excess residue) Swift  93779 & 169761 ERAC  138094 & 169760 Tejones 133173 & 169762   Mandy - I understand that you will be setting up the buy and sale with HPLR Liquids to cover the transport on HGPL.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Thu,  You need to get with Aimee and George on this.  D 
 Tom,  Go ahead and increase the nom.  D 
 The old swing deals should not be used for October.  Please have Volume Management allocate any volumes on the old deals to the new deals.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I extended 95551.  D   Aimee Lannou                02/17/2000 10:01 AM 
 jACKIE,  You need to talk to the East desk to see if they were allocated this extra gas on the 14th and 15th.  If they were, we can change the deal.  If not, the pipes will need to balance out during the next flow day.  D 
 Heidi,  I expect the wellhead volumes to be around 625,000 to 650,00 per day.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Where are these meters?  What is happening?  What have we done in the past?  D   Aimee Lannou                02/16/2000 02:58 PM 
 I extended deal 93481 for another year.  D 
 Look at the cc.  I'm an idiot. 
 Heather,  I will be at an offsite meeting today.  Stacey Neuweiller will attend in my place.  Leave me a voicemail if you need me to do anything.  Thanks.  D 
 Yvette,  Where is this offsite taking place?  I know you told in the meeting the other day, but I didn't write it down.  D 
 I would like to talk about what we can do to make sure that effective training occurs in the future for new hires/transfers.  For example, we are giving an HPL training session today.  We should not have to give another full blown session in the future.  The group should be able to take this knowledge, add to it, and pass it on to others entering the group.  With the rate of turnover we have experienced in the past, it seems like some knowledge has been lost.  D 
 Stella and Charlotte,  I looked into this deal.  We sold this gas for one day only.  In MOPS, the path was nominated for 1/26 only.  However, in POPS the path was nominated and confirmed for 1/26-1/31.  This should have been showing up as a bridgeback error during the month.  Also, someone should have identified that the path/nom in MOPS wasn't the same as the nom in POPS.  This discrepancy should have been found before we closed out January.  I researched this problem by reviewing both systems (looking at the path id in POPS, finding it in MOPS, and checking the audit on the path in MOPS). This type of issue should be researched and solved by the logistics group, who has all the necessary tools to find the problem.  The resolution, not the problem, should have been presented to myself or the marketer, with an explanation of what happened.  Some one still needs to find out how the gas was confirmed for the 27th-31st.  Since the gas apparently flowed, we will have to apply the overflow to the OBA.  Unless you can find a missing transport contract.  D 
 Charlene,  We should not have scheduled any volume for the 29-30th.  No price was negotiated that I can find. However, since gas did flow, I rolled the last price on the deal to cover those days.  What price is Hesco showing?  D 
 Mom,  That sounds good.  You can bring the curtains when you come.  What time do you think you can make it down here on Friday?  We will probably be leaving farily early to go to the rodeo (about 5:00).  We can have the girl across thestreet take care of Cole until you get there.  Daren 
 Please attend one of these sessions.  Gracias.  D 
 The meeting will be held in 3125A from 1:30 to 2:30.  D 
 Please plan on meeting at 1pm on Thursday to continue discussions on the Midtex line.  I will let you know the location when it becomes finalized.  D 
 I have scheduled the HPL training session for Tues the 15th.  So I can't make this meeting.  Neither will the Tx Logistics group.  D 
 Ami,  Let Kim know when you have this done.  D 
 Tom,  I changed the meter on deal 156161 from7012 to 7341.  You will need to repath and renom this in MOPS.  Also, you will need to make sure that the welhead meteres are linked to 7341 in POPS.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 We have no way to input a storage deal for Cilco.  The way that the contract is set up, does not fit into the systems as they are.  D   Aimee Lannou                02/04/2000 09:31 AM 
 Please plan on attending a training session over lunch on Tuesday, Feb 15th. (Lunch will be provided.)  I intend to discuss the operations of Houston Pipe Line;  how gas is moved through the system, where our main supply and market areas are, locations of specific points, etc.  We will be using a map of the pipeline as the basis for the discussion.  So, come to the meeting with any questions you have on HPL, anything is fair game.  Yvette is currently working on securing a room.  I will let you know when that is finalized.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Rolled deal 454057 to cover flow at mtr 5192.  d   Aimee Lannou   11/10/2000 02:17 PM 
 Carey told me that he has already talked to Jennifer.  He should be able to give you any information you need.  Daren 
 Tuesday the 15th is fine.  I will get a conference room and lunch set up.  We can start at 11:30.  I will send out an e-mail invitation to everyone in your group, my group and the risk group.  If you want to add anything or if you have something specific you want me to cover, just let me know.  Daren 
 Check out the following dates/times for a training session on HPL operations/gas flows/points.  I would allow about 2 hours to cover all questions. We may only need an hour.  Thurs 2/10  any time after 1pm Fri        2/11  Lunch to earlier afternoon Mon    2/14  11:00am-1:00pm Tues   2/15 Lunch to 2:30  Let me know the best time for you and your group.  I am also going to invite the risk group (their schedule is flexible).  D 
 Howard,  The Park  and Ride deals should be booked to a transport contract.  Desk to desk deals should be on the transport contract also.  D 
 Mike,  Thursday the 17th at 1:00 wil work for me.  I have reserved room 3125b.  We can meet at my desk (3138C) and walk over there.  Daren 
 Michael (or Mike..what do you like to be called?),  My schedule is open Thursday afternoon 1-5pm and Friday 1-4pm.  Let me know the what works best for you.  Earlier in the afternoon is usually best for me.  Daren 
 I have ceated deal 163005 to cover the flow for Feb  D 
 Aimee,  We don't enter 3rd party storage deals in Sitara.  You may want to talk to Kenny Soignet, but I thought that storage contracts were entered manually in POPS.  D 
 I added these days to #483894.  d   Aimee Lannou   11/13/2000 11:54 AM 
 I've extended the deal for the rest of the year, with a -0- nom.  D   Aimee Lannou                02/03/2000 03:09 PM 
 Hey, Mom.  I got your message.  Just send the curtains whenever you get the chance.  Jo went to the doctor yesterday and everything is looking good.  She is going to start going to the doctor weekly.  Carrying the baby pretty low, so he's getting ready.  Jo thinks he'll be coming around the first part of March, the doctor didn't say that, though.  Anyway, tell Lacy "Good Luck".  I love ya'll.  D 
 I can meet anytime Monday afternoon.  I can meet after 4:00 on Tuesday, but not at 1:00.  D 
 done 
 Ami,  Please attend this.  D 
 FYI. 
 I thought that Brenda's meeting is on Tuesday the 8th.  D 
 I have scheduled a separate meeting Tomorrow from 2-3.  So exclude that time from our possible meeting times.  D 
 Congrats, Boy 
 Jackie and Stella,  I need ya'll to get together and work out how to handle this at Stratton.  I know that we get the estimated volume from Exxon daily and I would think that this volume will need to be allocated among the different deals.  But, Exxon will not have them broken out.  D 
 I can meet tomorrow from 1pm-3pm or Thusday after 1pm.  D 
 Thu,  I would be happy to join you in these type of meetings, but I can never meet before 11:00.  We begin trading each day at 8:30 am.  D 
 Can we start this meeting later?  We will be trading until 10:30.  Since Greg McClendon is out of the office, Carey Metz is trading basis for him.  Because Carey is doing that, Stacey is needed to trade Waha.  And she is my backup on managing our position.  So, I need to be on the desk during trading.  Daren 
 Shari,  Sorry I'm so late with this. 
 done 
 FYI.  We need to make sure that this kind of communication conitinues to flow downstream.  D 
 I rolled the deal for Jan and Feb.  D 
 Lee,  As Sitara currently stands, 500 of the 10,000 for EGP Fuels will be at Gas Daily.  See deals 139066 and 139068.\  D 
 This has been corrected.  A transport usage ticket should have been used, instead of a desk to desk.  D    Enron Capital Management 
 Location for Pre-Bid is 30C1.  D 
 Stacey Neuweiler is my primary back-up (not really a lead since my group is so small).  She should be contacted if I'm not available.  D 
 Jackie,  This is the spot deal we talked about last week.  Craig Falbaum is working on negotiating a price.  D 
 I can't be there. 
 Hey, punk!!  Daren and Tonya 5519 Clarkston Spring Tx, 77379 
 No problem.   Kenneth Seaman   01/21/2000 10:02 AM 
 I am not available at that time.   I have 2 meetings already scheduled for that time/day.  Daren 
 Pre-Bid meeting will be held 2/22 @ 3:30 pm.  Please reserve a conference room for about 20 people.  D 
 1/00 Plan Allocations for RC 1497 - Farmer:  15%  Gas Network Services 84% Gas Network Trading 1%   Gas Network Development -->  Time spent on Project Sally was primarily determining the estimated number of employees required to perform the Trading Support functions and reading the deal memorandum.   Daren 
 Why is there a different deal?  And what is the price?  D 
 I can't make any meeting at 8:00am.  D 
 See deal 151654. 
 Done.  New Deal 151857. 
 Dave,  Please add Pat Clynes to your distribution list.  He now manages HPL Logistics.  D 
 This relates to the message on missing deals. 
 See notes in red below.  In each case where the contract has been terminated, Tom and/or Carlos will need to get with Producer Services to determine what we need to do (set up a GTC, renegotiate the term deal, etc).  D 
 New deals:  Nov #151202 Dec #151203 
 FYI.  Again, Tom does not have this info yet.  So, please allow Gary and/or James to talk with him first.  D 
 CR,  This is one of the meters that you should broker for Entex.  D 
 I created # 529824 for Nov and Dec.  D 
 I think I hate football too.  4th and goal on the 3 yard line, to win the game, and RC decides to change his lifelong coaching strategy from run, run, run, to pass the ball.  Why not Ja'mar??  The guy who carried 3 defenders into the end zone earlier.  Anyway, we beat the spread and I got $20 from your friend Mary.  So things are not all bad.  How did the Corn boys lose?  If I would have known about it on Saturday, I would have called to console you and the family.  Maybe it's time to just turn our attention to the NBA and leave this heartache behind.  D 
 See comments below. 
 Aimee,  I assume that you are looking into this.  D 
 10,000 is being sold to ICC @ 2.84 on deal 131478. 
 Sounds fine to me.  D 
 Then 10,000 is already moved.  It just needs to be reallocated by vol Mgmt. 
 Hey, I think that we are coming in this weekend.  We are only going to be there through Sat nite though.  See you then.  D 
 So, is this ok now?  D 
 Sherlyn,  The base purchase should be brokered with the base sale.  Deal 135563 does not replace the basse purchase ticket, it is in addition to that one.  On the days where deal 135563 is applicable, the purchases and sale should balance out;  no flow.  D 
 Ken, Thanks for your input.  I will definitely take this into consideration.  Also, I want you to know that I really do appreciate all that you've done for me.  I have greatly benefited from your knowledge of the market and industry; and also from your experience of just dealing with people and issues.  It has been very nice having someone to discuss ideas with and to learn from (and argue with!).  Thanks, also, for your honesty and openness.  I really appreciate you telling me when you disagree, it helps me see things from a different view.  (I just want to do the best thing for our business, and you help me to do that.)  You don't try to slip anything by, and you take responsibility for your work/actions.  That's hard to find these days.  I just wanted to let you know that.  Thanks.  But, I will still continue to think of you as in that Dilbert cartoon: "Whenever we disagree, I always end up yelling.  That's an indication that you have poor interpersonal skills."  D 
 Should the entire volume be moved over to ICC now?  Currently on deal 131478 (ICC), 10,000 is being sold at 2.84.  The sale on the TXU ticket has been zeroed out on the deal line, but needs to be reallocated in Vol Mgmt.  If I need to move the additional 25,000 to ICC, I will.  But, I want to make sure that is what we need to do.  D 
 Why couldn't they figure this out? 
 Aimee,  If you review that deal in CPR, you can see that this is a desk to desk deal on ECT.  This is actually our transport of Waha gas on PGE, delivered into HPL.  So, the volume should be scheduled/allocated to the ECT intrastate contract 012-27049-201.  D   Aimee Lannou                01/11/2000 09:36 AM 
 Someone in Producers Services.  You can call Vance Taylor and he can probably tell you. 
 Mandey,  The Cox contract expired effective 12/1, so we should not have any gas coming to us from them.  The confirmation with PG&E should be adjusted. The Tribo deal is good.  If PG&E allocates gas to them, we are ok.  (I don't think they have been allocated gas in the last 7 months.)  Carlos probably has a contat with Cox.  Either you or he can call them to see if they have sold any of their interests.  D 
 At Sweeney (Mtr 1517), for December, 6,000/day was confirmed to the Phillips sale.  Acutally, we should have nominated a purchase of 4,000 and a sale of 10,000.  The original purchase deal had the incorrect year on the deal date. So, I have created deal 148851.  Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these changes; sale of 10,000 on deal 93804, purchase of 4,000 on 148851.  If you have any questions, let me know.  D 
 Imelda,  Steve Weller's access should be removed.  He is no longer involved with the Texas Desk.  The rest need to retain their access.  D 
 Kim,  Deal 93485 has meter 7268 attached to it.  You can apply the flow to this deal.  You may need to renom from MOPS to POPS to get it through the systems.  D 
 Why do you keep changing your e-mail address?  How were your first few days back at school?  You haven't burned down your home making class, have you?  Anyway, hope you have fun this weekend.  Adios,  D 
 I added 11/29-30 to deal 132030.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  D 
 I have asked Robert Lloyd to look into this.  He handles our Industrial noms now.  D 
 Robert,  Please look into this .  D. 
 The notice should be given on Monday, the 20th  by 5:00 pm.  D 
 Richard,  Please add Pat Clynes to your distribution list.  He now manages HPL Logistics.  D. 
 Stella,  The deal is in Sitara (#11121).  However, that point has been inactivated. In OSS, you can manually enter the contract you need to allocate the volumes.  D 
 Heather,  Please include Pat Clynes on all Logistics information.  He now manages the HPL group.  Thanks.  Daren 
 FYI 
 Pat,  You should have been included on this.  I probably won't go to these meetings since I won't be dealing with Unify much in the future.  I don't mind going with you for the first couple of times if you need me to, though.  D 
 Ami Chokshi will be sending this to you once it is finalized.  D 
 Pre-bid will be on Monday 1/24.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have created the following operational tickets to cover the Big Sandy UA4 and fuel (1/99-12/00): Receipt  475647 Delivery 475648   Settlements with Teco should be booked to the existing deals: HPL Purchase #87292      10/98-12/99 #137870    1/00-12/00 HPL Slae #94441      8/99 #235670    9/99-12/00  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Imelda,  The following people are marketers on the Texas Desk:  Tom Martin Jim Schweiger Greg McClendon James Mackey Craig Faulbaum Elsa Villarreal Carey Metz Lauri Allen Ed Gottlob Michael Morris Lee Papyotti Gary Lamphier 
 Imelda,  These people still need the Sitara access they currently have.  All are a part of the Texas Region.  Thanks.  D 
 Imelda,  The following people (HPL Logistics) need access to view all Texas Desk positions/portfolios in Sitara Position Manager and Deal Ticker:  Mandey MacKinnon George Grant Aimee Lannou Tom Acton Jackie Young Stella Morris Susan Trevino Kim Vaughn Charlotte Hawkins Robert Lloyd Pat Clynes  Please update their security to allow for this.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Daren 
 Charlotte,  This is a desk-to-desk deal.  You need to get with the scheduler on the East Desk who handles Transco.  Both desks will need to tie in MOPS.  In this case, POPS most  likely tried to update the HPL side, but the East Desk has not adjusted their side in MOPS.  D 
 Carlos,  Please look into your Black Marlin info and see if you can find anything on this.  Thanks.  D 
 done    Enron North America Corp. 
 What occurred at this point in prior months?  Who was allocated the volume?  D 
 Aimee,  PG&E's numbers are correct.   Aimee Lannou                12/15/99 03:30 PM 
 Vintage should be 93730. 
 Julie,  I need to know if the following deals have evergreen provisions to roll into Jan 2000.  Cokinos / 9676  95912 Cokinos / 6373  128952 Coral / 4120  93883 Encina / 6392  93487 Midcoast / 5097  92956 United O&M / 5053 93728 Vintage / 2540  93750  Thanks.  D 
 It will be fine to use current +1 as the cutoff.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Kim,  I will be out of the office next week.  Please get with Jennifer Sabine and go over these issues with her.  Daren 
 Susan,  I need you to do the research on this meter.  You will need to review the various scheduling systems to see how this was handled prior to 2/96.  You can also check with Volume Management to see if they have any info regarding the allocation of the point.  Let me know what you find out and I will work on getting a deal in place.  Daren 
 I rolled deal 418382 for Nov 1st.  D 
 The 4429 is good. D 
 Bob,  I highlghted some changes on your spreadsheet.  Look over these and call me if you have questions.  A couple of the deals have Gas Daily tiers, so I moved them down in the sheet.  I would like for you to make the changes tomorrow after trading.  D       Enron North America Corp. 
 Brandee,  You're in the system now.  thanks.  D 
 I believe that I have received your message in error. My name is Daren Farmer and I work in the Texas gas trading area for Enron.  If you will send the name of the person and department you are trying to contact at Enron, I will assist you in communicating with that person.  Thanks.  Daren Farmer 
 I don't have any problems with this.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Julie,  You need to keep the nom and confirm at 3000 so that the buyback calculation will work correctly.  D 
 I believe the counterparty changed effective 2/1/01 to El Paso Merchant Energy.  See deals 637225 and 637234.  D 
 Well, the staff level is prettly low here, for just about every group related to HPL.  Stacey did leave, so I am back to trading Waha.  However, it's going a lot better this time.  I am actualy enjoying it somewhat.  With the majority of the desk leaving, I am looking into moving into the day trading arena for the new Texas Desk.  We'll see how that goes.  Bidweek was kinda rough this time.  In addition to Stacey leaving during the middle of the week, we have some major outages on the A/S line where we have to stay balanced on Texoma and balanced on the south end.  The line has been split into two seperate systems.  Handling that has been a constant battle.  Plus, with the pending sale, people just don't care as much about the business. It's a little harder to get things done.  Anyway, things are going pretty good at the house.  But, the list of things to fix and do keeps getting longer and longer.  We are extremely busy.  The kids are loving the stairs.  You ought to see Jake go down.  We taught him to turn around backwards and crawl down the stairs on his belly.  Well, that was too slow for him.  Now, he get's on his belly, feet up in the air, and slides down, barely skiming the stairs.  He looks a penguin sliding down a snow bank, except on his stomach.  Cole is doing his best to either run Jake off or make him tough.  Cole runs over Jake with his toys, pushes Jake out the way, or just walks right over him.  It doesn't affect Jake, though, he gets right back up and keeps on going.  Anyway, I need to get back to work.  Hope the family is doing well.  Maybe you can come down for lunch next week.  I'll give you a call in the next couple of days.  D 
 You need to path the change at mtr 8055.  You should not path the buyback at mtr 1040 (Only deals 538950 and 702826 should be pathed with volume.  All other deals at mtr 1040 should be pathed with zero volumes.)  D 
 March Midcon volumes at Mobil should be 30,000 each day.  Any swings should be on the buyback HPL has with Mobil.  D 
 The deal with Oxy Vinyls (#276478) will covers the volume for all of October.  We had zero in the system after the 6th because the plant was down.  The deal should have been nom'd at zero on these days.  D 
 Gary,  Please call Pat Anderson with Southern Union as soon as possible regarding the info listed below.  She wants to work a fixed price swap for 25% of their booked volume for July '01 - Oct '02.  D 
 Deal 706674  D 
 done.     Enron North America Corp. 
 I am not going with AEP.  So please don't include me in your estimates.  D 
 Matt,=20  Each month, prior to bidweek, I pull up a monthly range in Path Manager to= =20 get a feel of how many of our swing customers operated in a prior month (or= a=20 month in a prior year).  I have never had problem with this before, and I= =20 have done this task every month since Unify was put into production.  When= =20 the problem occurred this month, I was attempting to view Apr 1-30, 2000 on= =20 Houston Pipe Line, with HPL as the shipper.  This information is very=20 important for my bidweek preparation.  So, I need to continue perfomorming= =20 this operation each month.  If needed, I can wait until 5 pm top view the= =20 range.  D 
 A volume of 6,289 Mmbtu flowed over the noms for CP&L.  I don't have a record of a spot deal with them for that day.  Gary - Currently, that volume has been allocated to the Term agreement.  The price difference on that day is significant.  (HSC GD mid was 5.245).  If you don't have a record of a spot deal, the allocation should stand as it is.  D 
 On Feb 7, we sold 10,000 to Duke Energy Field Services at Waha.  However, I entered the deal (#603484) under Duke Energy Marketing (Can you believe I made a mistake?).  To correct this, I created a new ticket (#700132) under DEFS.  Mary - Please repath these deals and let Megan know when you're done.  Sorry for the extra work.  D 
 No problem.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Done.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Gary,  Do you have any record of this?  D 
 Patrick,  The attached file contains the base and spot purchases by zone on HPL  for September 2000.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Bob,  I guess you need to make sure that this is the same well that they nominated during bidweek.  If it is, then we do need to change the price to GD.  If it is a new well behind the meter, you can either create a new deal ticket for this piece, or create a pricing tier on the old ticket.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Briant,  I'm not going to be interested.  I'm looking for a boat that is a little bigger.  Thanks.  D 
 Tim,  Please forward this to the appropriate person.  Bill Bailey with Southwest Garment & Laundry in Irving Texas is looking for an offer for gas supplied to their business under an 18-36 month term.  The last year of volume flow is:  Dec'00 1023 Jan'01 972 Mar 951 Apr 936 May 821 Jun 831 Jul 743 Aug 577 Sep 540 Oct 581 Nov 727 Dec 797 Jan 1098  Bill is needing a price as quickly as possible.  He is apparantly getting pressure from accountants to quickly tie up this supply.  His phone number is 972-438-2730.  Thanks.  Daren 
 I don't know what you're smokin up there, but every one of those deal numbers you listed are WRONG.  Deal 633842 is valid for mtr 416.  It has a zero nom.  You can send that to POPS or path a volume to the deal and send it on. I added the 15th-18th to deal 621598 for item (2). Deal 529738 is valid for mtr 1598.  It has a zero nom, also.  D 
 I created deal 682029.  D 
 What's the length of your boat?  Does it have a cover?  D 
 done. 
 We did buy 5,000 from Beamont Meth.  The sale on 603107 should have been=20 confirmed at 18,000 and the buy on deal 611178 should have been confirmed a= t=20 5,000 for the 9th.  D   Aimee Lannou   03/19/2001 09:44 AM 
 Aimee,  Please take care of this in POPS.  It looks like we've already hit the 50,000 mark on #572910.  D 
 Tim,  Please forward this to the appropriate person.  Scott Berkman with Bruggers Bagels is looking to buy gas delivered to their chain of stores.  He mentioned locations in Minn, Iowa, Detroit, Pitt, Cleveland, Boston, and Albany.  His phone number is 802-660-4020 ext. 264.  I would apprectiate it if someone would contact him regarding this supply. Thanks.  Daren 
 You can charge it to mine.  D 
 FYI 
 Megan,  I changed the demand fee for Jan.  It looks like Trisha has changed the Transport ticket for the $.11.  I agree with the header charges.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thu,  I talked with Lee Papyoti about the Equistar buybacks.  I created deal 675086 as an ENA buyback.  However, after you have allocated the volume between the Equistar plants, please get with Lee and have him look over everything.  D 
 done.   Aimee Lannou   03/15/2001 09:23 AM 
 We have a buyback under HPL (#586534).  ENA had only 7,000/day scheduled at mtr 1373 in Feb.  In reviewing the daily volumes in POPS, I didn't see any days with flow under 18,000.  So, we should not need a buyback for ENA.  Any shortages should be allocated to the HPL ticket.  D   Aimee Lannou   03/14/2001 11:03 AM 
 Congrats!  I've been looking for an explanation for the drop of our stock price.  This explains everything.  D 
 What do you mean "leaving Enron"?  Where are you going?  D 
 I have made the changes mentioned below.  I've also adjusted the spreadsheet based on our conversation yesterday.  Take a look at it when you get a chance.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 We do not have storage in a facility on PG&E.  But, we do use parking and lending agreements regularly.  D    Enron Capital Management 
 Done.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Brandee,  For this meeting, I will need a laptop and a projector in the conference room.  Can you take care of getting this for me?  D 
 Can you come down to my desk around 1:00?  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 The $.10 rate should be correct.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have adjusted deal 452491 for mtr 20014903.  We agree with Lone Star's billling.  D 
 FYI 
 Eric,  I recieved a call from a guy with Pacific Interlink (?).  He is looking to market LNG in Europe.  Since I have very little knowledge in this area, I didn't get much specific information.  But, I told him I would find someone for him to talk with.  His name is Sam Kovacevich.  Phone:  847-971-3369.  I would appreciate it if you would give Sam a call.  If you aren't the person he needs to talk to, please let me know.  Thanks.  Daren Farmer Texas Desk - Gas 
 Megan,  I have changed the pricing on deals 452491 and 452475 for October flows to mtr 25000200.  These flows should be priced at $.10 + 1/2 % fuel.  The $.11 that Lone Star billed us is incorrect on the last deal.  I'm not sure about the rates for mtr 20014903.  The person who can tell us should be in tomorrow.  I will leave a note for her.  We should have similar deal tickets for Dec forward.  I will check with Mark and Trisha.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Rita,  I think that we have the pricing worked out now with the suppiers.  There were some ammendments to the contract, reducing the demand charges, that we did not have.  I don't have any contacts at Lone Star related to allocations.  Mark's scheduling contacts may help.  Stacey has a trading contact with the pipeline.  When she returns tomorrow, I will have her give you a call.  The beginning imbalance on Lone Star was around 180,000 owed to Lone Star when we took on the management services in October.  Mark should be able to get you an exact number if you need it.  D 
 done.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I extended deal 559483 through Dec 01.  D   Aimee Lannou   03/06/2001 06:06 PM 
 Lan:  cole1jake Sitara:  sitara cpr:  jungle pops:  daren unify:  jungle 
 LA,  Can you look into the Transport piece?  We need similar numbers for Sep 2000.  D 
 The deals you listed are transpurt usage tickets that we use to estimate the cost of transport and the fuel used in the transport.  This is just an estimate of what we think Lone Star will bill us under the Tenaska transport contracts (We will pay Lone Star and Tenaska will reimburse us.)  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Rita,  Since I was out of the office most of the week, I missed reading this e-mail.  I am open any afternoon this week except for Friday (all day) and Bob's staff meeting tomorrow (if we have it).  Let me know when you want to meet.  D 
 done.   Aimee Lannou   03/02/2001 04:43 PM 
 You can copy the old tickets or create new ones.  What ever you need.  D 
 Heather, I will be out a 1/2 day today and a full day on Friday.  Also will be out a full day on the 9th.  I will be here the rest of the month.  D 
 We are not interested in the sofa.  Thanks.  D 
 You need to delete the lines with dates prior to 1/1/01 on the new tickets.  D 
 The new deal should have the same price as the deal that you copied.  D 
 I extended deal 583232 to cover 2/1 and #604056 to cover 2/6.  d   Aimee Lannou   02/26/2001 02:53 PM 
 High zeros...?  Is that similar to going flatter?  D 
 Liz - I would like for you to attend also. Stace - You can decide if you want to come or not.  D 
 I have created deal # 640357 to cover this flow.  D 
 What are the details on the tv?  How old? Problems? Condition? etc.  Daren 
 mark,  Can you look into this?  You may need to check with Mary or Trisha on transport capacity tickets for Dec forward.  D 
 Hey, Byron.  We may be interested in your sofa.  Send me the pictures when you get a chance.  Now that we are moving, we've got a few empty rooms.  Thanks.  D 
 Kim,  I can always make time for you...  Just grab me sometime after 10:30 Monday morning and we can go over transport.  D 
 Fred,  Why is nothing being allocated to Alpine?  This is a good deal we have in place with them and I really need the problem resolved.  D 
 Talk with the person in accounting that deals with Teco.  See if they are using a different counterparty now at the plant.  d 
 You can extend them, but make sure that the volume is zero.  D 
 Mike,  I don't know of any deals that were negotiated for this delivery.  So, why don't you check with Gas Control to see if they know why vol was delivered on that day.  I would think that they had to send someone out there to make it happen.  Additionally, you can check with Gary Lamphier or Lee Papyoti to see if they made a deal with the plant.  D 
 I don't know what PC 12667 is.  But, in the attached spreadsheet, my cost center is grouped with Risk Management.  I now report to Bob Hall, so CC 105633 should be reported with the other Logistics groups. 
 I will be out of the office on the afternoon of 2/27 and the majority of the week.  March 5-8 is better for me.  D 
 What does ooto mean? 
 Hey Ken.  How are things going for you?  Is the market loving you?  We have been really busy.  We sold our house after 2 weeks on the market.  I don't think I had it underpriced.  I looked at the average $/sq ft for sales in our neighborhood for the last 6 months and I was pretty high above the average.  Anyway, we got what we wanted and made a little money, so we were happy.  Two days after we sold our house, Tonya found the one she wanted in Oaks of Devonshire.  It's over at Louetta and I-45, just before The Thicket. It's a little bigger than we were looking for (3100 sq ft), but it's got a great game room/sunroom for the kids.  It was built in 86, so it needs a little work.  But that's ok with me.  Anyway, we are closing on both houses on Monday and moving Tuesday and Wednesday.  We will have you and Linda over for lunch or dinner one of these days.  We also had tubes put into Jake's ears this month.  We hated having to do that, but it has really made a difference.  He had a constant ear infection since October.  Now you can tell that he feels so much better.  He's learning more and more each day.  We have nothing that is "Jake proof".  Even those plastic locks you put on cabinets don't hold him.  He knows that if you keep yanking on the door over and over that it will eventually slip or break and then your in.  I'm going to install pad locks on the cabinets at the new house.  We'll see if that stops him. Anyway, everybody's doing well.  I will be alot better after we finish this house business.  I don't feel so good when I'm writing all those checks. Talk to you later.  D 
 That's fine.  D 
 I have done deals with John at this point.  Why are we not being allocated any volume?  D 
 Deal 606396 is already in Sitara for Dec 2000-2001.  D 
 That's cool.  D 
 I changed the demand to a negative value.  I don't know if this will work or not.  If it does not work, I can put the demand on the sale ticket.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Done.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I don't know.  Check with Settlements to see if they are billing us for Dec and Jan.  d 
 Please move my group from Risk to Logisitcs.     D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Done.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have created a spreadsheet to assist in the tracking and booking of the gas supply related to Tenaska IV.  If you have suggestions or comments on the file, contact either me or Mark.  Megan - You can copy the Jan 01 Est tab and update the volumes with actuals. The file should calculate the resulting settlement with Tenaska.  I will then update the demand fee on the deal ticket to true-up the month.  Since we haven't gone through actuals in the spreadsheet, we may have to do some tweaking with the formulas.  Anyway, this should give us a good start and you will be able to see where we closed the month in Logisitics.  The file is located in O/Logistics/Cleburne Plant/2001FuelMgmt.xls.  If you don't have access, we can look into creating a new location on the O drive. The spreadsheet is attached for this month.  This is definitely a work in progress.  So, if you have ideas to make it easier, or if you need something added, let us know.  D 
 I would like to receive the alerts.  D 
 I don't have any open positions.  Thanks.  D 
 After speaking with Danny Conner, I have created deal 606396 to cover this meter for the next year.  D 
 Heather,  I will be leaving today at 1:00.  We are buying a house and we have the inspection today.  So, if Bob ar anyone needs me they can contact me by pager or mobile phone.  Thanks.  D 
 Liz,  Do you want to take this on?  D 
 That would be fine.  D 
 I have created deal #604061 to cover the buyback for 12/27/00.  D 
 To forecast Entex:  We have a database that contains the citygate volumes by day, with the low and high temps for each day.  When we get a weather report for the new day, we enter the projected low temp and the spread into the file.  The database is sorted by that information with a +/- 2 degrees on the temps, and provides an average volume for that criteria.  (For example:  With temps of 40-60, the sort would produce a list of the volumes pulled for each day with a low of 38 to 42 degrees and a temperature spread of 20 to 22 degrees.  An average is then calculated from that volumetric data.  In this case, the average is calculated to 259,000 Mmbtu.)  Upon calculating the average, we then apply information we obtain through daily business and adjust that estimate. Things to consider:  if weather is cloudy or sunny, wet or dry;  wind chill; Entex's obligation on Midcon;  Entex's recent operating procedures;  Entex takes versus our prior estimates (have we been under or overestimating volumes each day), etc.  Additionally, since we only see about 30% of the meters, we apply a factor to estimate the remaining 70%.  If we have an unaccounted volume for a few days that is fairly consistent (and we have determined that the ua4 has not been caused by something else), we may adjust the factor to bring the estimates more in line.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Daren 
 Liz,  Please look into this.  D 
 I created deal 602030 under Cleco.  D 
 We will need to wait until Janet gets back.  This is a spot deal that was done by Gary Lamphier.  Did Janet negotiate something with them after the fact?  D 
 Sherlyn will correct all the booking when she reallocates the meter.  D 
 Paul,  How are you determining that we should have a buyback for this deal?  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I forgot to get with you this morning on this.  I went ahead and changed the volume to 24,000.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/31/2001 10:13 AM 
 What are the issues with this?  Is the problem a counterparty name issue? Did we pay the wrong company?  Is Cleco billing us?  D 
 Grab me when you get a minute.  I have your bonus and merit info.  You're going to like it.  D 
 Bob,  I didn't check voice mail until this morning (I don't have a blinking light. The assistants pick up our lines and amtel us when voice mails have been left.)  Anyway, with the uncertainty of the future business under the Texas Desk, the following are my goals for the next six months:  1)  Ensure a smooth transition of HPL to AEP, with minimal upsets to Texas business. 2)  Develop operations processes and controls for the new Texas Desk. 3)  Develop a replacement a.  Strong push to improve Liz (if she remains with Enron and ) b.  Hire new person, internally or externally 4)  Assist in develop a strong logisitcs team.  With the new business, we will need strong performers who know and accept their responsibilites.  1 and 2 are open-ended.  How I accomplish these goals and what they entail will depend how the Texas Desk (if we have one) is set up and what type of activity the desk will be invovled in, which is unknown to me at this time. I'm sure as we get further into the finalization of the sale, additional and possibly more urgent goals will develop.  So, in short, who knows what I need to do.  D 
 You can change the tickets.  Thanks.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/31/2001 08:05 AM 
 I don't think that we should have any volume on this deal.  It seems like Jan 2000 was added after the fact to assist with allocations.  But it was later determined that we didn't purchase anything from Copano.  D     Kimberly Vaughn 01/30/2001 09:40 AM 
 Charlene,  Deal #214948 already had volume and price for the 12th and 13th.  You may need to have the volumes updated by Volume Management.  I added the 15th and 16th to the deal ticket.  D 
 That will be fine.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/29/2001 04:17 PM 
 I need for you, or the Producer Services group, to determine if you think the gas will flow for the month and at what price.  I will use your decision for our bidweek postion.  D 
 Danny will input a new deal for Dec and Jan in the morning.  D 
 Lee,  I would like to deliver as much of Midcon's gas as possible to Mobil (25,000-30,000) for February.  When the work is going on, we can move that around.  Also, we have 10,000 baseload on Centana we need to deliver to the plant.  D 
 Deal has been extended.  d   Aimee Lannou   01/22/2001 04:58 PM 
 Done.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jackie,  I didn't pay any attention to the date on this message.  We should be able to handle this on our side with out involving the East Desk.  If the OBA can be used, apply the volume there.  If nothing else, we can write it off.  D 
 The PanEnergy spreadsheet is attached.  D 
 done.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Sandi,  Do you have a complete contract for the Apache purchase under the Tenaska IV deal?  Apache is billing us a rate that is $.11 below the commodity rate stated on page 22 in the original contract.  In the documents I have, I can't find a reason for the adjustment.  I may be missing an amendment or something.  I thought that you may have a complete set of documents and could help me out.  Daren 
 Hey, Mom.  I got your e-mail just fine.  Is your computer fixed up now?  Cole had a great time at his birthday party last night.  When we were walking out of Chuck E Cheese after the party, Cole asked me "Daddy, am I three now?"  He got some good presents and got to play alot of games.  It took him forever to go to sleep.  He really loved the Blues Clues game ya'll got him. The packaging was coming open when he got it yesterday, so Tonya let him open it before the party.  He played it in the car going to the party and on the way home.  I think I'm tired of that game.  He can't play it in the car anymore.  It so funny to watch him play though.  He will repeat the question and go "hmm".  Anyway I need to go.  D 
 Megan,  I can meet with you on the Pan Energy Swap anytime Thursday or Friday afternoon.  Early afternoon usually works best for me.  I can come up to your desk if that is easier.  Let me know.  D 
 I have adjusted the pricing for the Apache and Williams deals for September forward as we disucussed in the meeting today.  D 
 BH,  If the Super Saturday occurred on a different weekend, I would help you out. However, we have a pretty important family weekend coming up.  Cole's 3rd birthday is today.  We will be doing a little celebrating with that.  Plus, we are putting our house on the market this week and are scheduling appointments to view other houses.  Anyway, I hope everything else is going well for you.  We need to talk sometime.  I will call you in a couple of days.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will not be able to play golf or party.  I was really wanting to go, but can't make it.  D 
 Hey, Ken.  Well, I don't know what I'm going to do.  We will have a Texas Desk, but I don't really want to continue here.  I may look into Brenda's group (Pulp, Paper, Lumber, Steel).  I will most likely interview with AEP to see what they have to offer, but it has to be very good in order for me to leave the Evil Empire.  I am just glad they finally anounced the sale.  Some folks are upset and concerned about the whole deal, but I'm glad it's happened.  Anyway, I meant to let you know how our Christmas went with the boys.  Cole loved everything.  He had a great time and was sad to see Christmas come to an end.  Jake is a little different.  We spent $60 on a couple of things for him.  He hasn't touched them more than twice.  He found his new favorite toy the day after Christmas:  it's one of those soft cooler things you carry your lunch in.  He found that in the bottom of our pantry and now carries it around everywhere.  Now we have these two big plastic things just taking up more room in our already crowded house.  We started our house hunting last week.  I think this is going to be a long process.  Tonya's out looking today.  I'm letting her make the first cut.  I will come in on the second round.  We will probably put our house on the market in a couple of weeks.  We have a few small things we want to clean up, fix, etc., before we list it.  According to the other sales in the neighborhood, we should make a little money.  I hope everything is going well with you and the family.  Later.  D 
 Sorry about this, Victor.  I didn't even pay attention to the date.  I was thinking this was October business.  We will definitely be able to do somthing with this on our side and not involve the East Desk.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 The Texas Desk will not be trading on EOL.  We will not have trading or logistics personnel in the office.  So don't come in for us.  D 
 Can you send me a copy of  Pan Energy's spreadsheet for Sept, also?  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Megan,  Can you forward your calculations on the Pan Energy swap for September 2000 to me?  My contact over there called me regarding some discrepancies beginning that month.  I may be able to help reconcile some of this.  D 
 Mary,  How are we looking on the rest of our estimates thru King Ranch?  do we need to adjust Big Cowboy or 3 Rivers?  D 
 I have rolled deal 506192 thru 1/1/01, priced at Dec HSC Index -.045.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/10/2001 09:23 AM 
 Megan,  Please see the message below.  The pricing on deal 391125 was incorrect; should be HSC GD-.04.  I corrected the deal ticket.  D 
 Danny,  What do you want to do about this?  D 
 I extended 454057 for the month of December.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/09/2001 12:43 PM 
 Gary,  Have you negotiated a price on this?  D 
 This is a call out meter.  I think the best person to help you would be Kathy Benedict in Volume Management.  D 
 Stace,  Please look into your notes.  You entered deal 214948 each day for the purchases at this meter for the month.  The 12th and 13th are ok in Sitara. However, there is nothing for the 15th and 16th.  D 
 I rolled deal 150325 for the first 3 days of Jan.  I expect this point to be zero for the rest of Jan.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/05/2001 10:41 AM 
 I have created deal 559843 to cover the flow for Nov 1 thru Jan 31.  This deal will probably be handled month-to-month from here on out.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/05/2001 10:37 AM 
 Gary Lamphier is working on negotiating a price for this.  D   Aimee Lannou   01/02/2001 02:14 PM 
 Deal 135714 is active through Oct 2000.  The volume on the ticket is zero, so the nom was probably never sent to POPS.  D 
 I don't know anything about the transport either.  But, I would assume the rate remains the same.  D 
 Done.  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 Megan,  I adjusted deal 529856 on the 2nd of Oct and Nov for the adjustments below. Can you make this work?  D    Enron North America Corp. 
 You think your pretty funny, don't you...     Enron North America Corp. 
 Have any of the counterparties on the deals below invoiced us for any of the additional volumes?  D 
 Jackie,  Please get with the East Desk on this.  If they agree, we can roll the deal.  D 
 Any sales made to MGI off of HGPL or HPL should be billed by the Texas Desk. However, HPL will not invoice MGI.  All trades are done under ENA.  Daren 
 I have extended #254839. 
 Luis,  Please see the attachment.  This file shows deals that still need adjustment stemming from the base gas program being kicked off for Dec.  Please have these corrected also.  Thanks.  The "arranged_quantity" column contains the correct volume.  Daren 
 We already have a deal in place.  #461059 with Torch-Rally.  D 
 OW,  I have changed the pricing on deal 132975 for this message.  Please adjust the risk assignment.  D 
 Aimee,  The Global Octanes plant crashed last night.  The undertakes (volume below the base load sale) will not go to the buyback.  This is considered a force majeure.  Do not allow any volumes to be allocated to the buyback until notified by either Lee Papyoti or myself.  Thanks.  D 
 Didn't the deal that Victor extended cover these days?  I don't think anything should be adjusted on the Dynegy deal.  D 
 done 
 What was going on in Feb?  D 
 Come by anytime today.  I've already made the check out.  I will be leaving early today (sick kids and wife at home), but I will leave the check and tickets on my desk.  D 
 This volume should be allocated to deal 138642 for Jan.  The meter has always been on the ticket, but with zero volume.  D 
 FYI. 
 We should probably take this deal to zero.  Carlos - Please check with measurement to determine if this volume is correct.  We may have some bad information feeding through.  D 
 This gas should be allocated to deal 70499 (Unit Gas Transmission).  That point is already on the ticket (under ENA).  D 
 Aimee,  I have updated deal 15765 in Sitara for this change effective today.  D 
 I tried to approve this a couple of times, so it should be taken care of.  D 
 Esther,  Please add me to your First Delivery distribution.  Thanks.  D 
 I have tried to approve this a few times, but it does not appear to work. What is the process to approve this in the system?  Daren 
 Hey, Ken.  Well, the folks are fine.  But, they have a few friends who lost just about everthing.  In fact, one family found only a couple of boxes of salvagable(?) items from their home (only one family picture) .  I understand that alot of homes were reduced to rubble with very little left to save.  It was very bad.  What made it worse was the freezing weather coming in.  When we talked to Tonya's parents, they were really in shock of bad it was.  Have you been battling those Christmas mobs?  I took friday and Monday off and tried my luck at it.  I didn't last too long.  It doesn't seem right to be cussing everyone out at Christmas...I think I hate people now...I think I'm becoming a scrooge.   Well, I hope ya'll are doing good and staying in the Christmas mood.  Cole is excited about Christmas (wants more Hot Wheels and monster trucks).  Jake doesn't have the foggiest idea what's going on except that he wants to rip every ornament off of the tree and eat it.  We've told him "no" so much that he shakes his head back and forth and smiles while he's grabbing for one.  He is a handful.  Jake has also started taking steps.  He just turned 9 months old this month.  That's a little over a month earlier than Cole started taking steps.  Anyway, I need to go.  D 
 I can meet on Friday from 12:00-2:00 or Wednesday anytime after 1:00pm. Wednesday would be the best for me since we will be into bidweek on Friday. But, I will make it work.  D 
 This should be allocated to the liquids group's transport.  D 
 With PMA's, volumes can be adjusted through the system as usual and I can adjust the demand fee on the Sitara ticket.  I am not able to follow your ua4 calculation.  However, there was imbalance payback that occurred throughout September and October.  (This should have been pathed to the Lone Star transport k in Unify).  Is this in that ua4 number?  Williams had been trying to make up volumes from prior periods, so that's probably why their volume came in greater than booked.  (Much of their gas is from El Paso and volumes vary each day from scheduled.)  The volumes that they were trying to make up would go toward the transport imbalance also.  I would think that Cleburne will carry an imbalance on Lone Star from month to month.  After Novemeber, the imbalance should be fairly small.  Our scheduler, Mark McCoy will have that number.  (When we took over this deal, the imbalance on Lone Star was very large.   When the plant went down in Sep, we decided to payback the imbalance then, so that we could take advantage of higher winter sales prices if the opportunity came up.)  The agreement does not specifically state anything about ua4.  But, I will discuss that with Legal.  The intent is for all costs, including ua4 and fuel, to be covered by Tenaska IV.  I will be leaving at 1pm today and will return on Tuesday 12/19.  We can get together then if you would like.  D 
 Tonya and I will be there.  D 
 I moved the Cannon sale volumes from #170335 to #529753 effective 12/14/00. You will need to re-nom #529753 for all prior days at zero and then allocate volumes at each meter from the old deal to the new deal.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 I'm cool with it.  D 
 JM, Can you extend the contrtact on deal 138605 thru 10/2/00 ?  D 
 Deal 386264 has a start date of 9/1/00.  D 
 Password is now cole1jake. 
 I have adjusted deals 436187 and 413538.  D 
 Mike,  Based on the screen today and current spreads, we may be able to market the excess volumes (in the Waha region) at the following levels for 2001:  Jan 4.65 Feb 4.47 Mar 4.26 Apr 4.04 May 3.97 Jun 3.96 Jul 3.96 Aug 3.95 Sep 3.84 Oct 3.96 Nov 4.06 Dec 4.17   Of course, these are only forecasts and are very volatile.  If you need anything else, or have any questions, let me know.  Daren 
 Hey, Dwight.  Everything is going fine here.  Thanks for your message.  I'm feeling pretty confident with how things are going.  I have received very positive feedback from my manager and my employees.  I have learned much from you, especially related to communication:  recognizing the different types of people, different ways to communicate.  And, I appreciate the time you've spent with me.  However, I would like to discontinue our sessions for the time being. When I'm in need of some "managing expertise" in the future, I will give you a call.  Again, thanks for working with me.  Daren 
 I created #454057 for the flow at Mtr 5192.  Canny Conner is looking into mtr 6387.  I will let you know when he determines what we will be doing.  D   Aimee Lannou   10/26/2000 10:01 AM 
 Gary,  The deal with Williams Terminals expired in Oct.  However, about 3,800 flowed for Nov.  Do you need to renegotiate this deal for Nov.  Or, do we roll it under the terminated k?  What do think about Dec?  D 
 PW,  HPL's spot and base purchases by zone for April 2000 are reported in the attached file.  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Susan,  Are you clear on what you need to do with this?  D 
 FYI.  You may want to check with someone to see if this will affect you this weekend.  D 
 Robert will be coming too.  He said that he will be buying your lunch, since you wouldn't accept his x-mas present last year.   Just kidding.  D 
 We are on the 32nd floor now (Thru the glass door and turn right), if your badge still works.  Or, give me a call from the Lobby and I'll come get you.  Would you like me to invite anyone else to go with us (Carlos, Lauri, etc)? It doesn't matter to me.  D 
 Lee,  On deal 413447 (Chevron @ Olefins), we have a flex nom of 6,000 to 12,000/day.  Is this a monthly nom or daily nom?  Will we have a swing deal with them for the winter?  The current swing deal is for Oct only.  For Oct, they have pulled an average of 16,000/day.  D 
 We have adjusted Suemar in Sitara.  And will probably adjust it again in a few days.  Since we bridge back estimates daily, the production at the Berryman well has been adjusted in the economics.  So, this will not have an impact on UA4.  D 
 Why don't you come to the office around 11:00.  (I'll be trading Waha until 10:30 or so.) You can come up and say "hi" to everyone.  Or, we can just meet in the lobby and walk over.  D 
 I have rolled the Hilcorp deal.  I will get Gary to look into the Williams deal.  D   Aimee Lannou   12/12/2000 08:43 AM 
 Another national crown ... It must be nice.  We have to keep referring back to our one and only in 1935.  But, we will never forget it!  I am looking forward to the 28th.  Tonya and I are going to the Aggie/K-state game.  We'll see how that goes.  Looks like your corn boys will be playing OU that weekend.  That should be a good battle.  OU also has a week off to get ready for you.  (I think they should be rated #2).  Things are going ok here.  I can't remember if we've talked about the sale of HPL.  That is getting closer to happening.  I am hoping it does.  I'm ready to go on to something else, and that would make it much easier.  Ami Chokshi decided that she would leave the co. this week.  She is heading of to San Fran.  No job or any specific plans yet, but it's always something whe has wanted to do.  It would be nice to be able to pick up and do something like that.  How's everything else going for you and the family.  We are all doing pretty good.  I actually took last week off.  The only plans I had were to spend time with the family.  It was great!  It really drove the point home that I need to stop letting people/things around here set my proiorities.  Anyway, would you be able to come down for lunch on Friday?  I'm sure it's been a while since you've had your Treebeard's.  Let me know.  Sorry I haven't talked to you much.  I'm going to end up losing all my friends if I don't change my ways.   D 
 FYI.  I changed the pricing on the September deal (#386540) to IF HSC-.05 from HSC GD.  D 
 JM,  Is the contract for this deal still valid?  I want to roll the deal for Sep and Oct.  D 
 You're right.  I have corrected the ticket.  D 
 done    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have created two new deals in Sitara.  You will need to get with someone in Volume Management to reallocate volumes from the old tickets to the new deals for Jan-Sep.  The Logistics group will be able to adjust October forward.  Deal #s:  144052 --> 440092 144049 --> 440093  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Consumer Price Index 
 JM,  The message below is related to deal #138094.  According to Joan, October is the last month for this deal.  However, the evergreen flag is activated in Sitara and a new line has been created for November.  Can you look into this please?  D 
 Has this been resolved?  D 
 Diane,  I apologize for getting this to you so late.  I should have no staffing additions next year.  Staff  Manager 1 Sr.  2 Average to High  Training  Both Seniors should attend 1 personal enrichment class (Effective Communication) and 1 Technical class.  I think that everything else should roll for next year. Let me know what else I need to give you.  D 
 BH,  I plan to be on vacation July 5-6 (finally) and on the customer trip on the 7th.  While I am out, Gary Hanks will be keeping our position during trading.  Stacey will be in charge of everything else.  I am comfortable that everything will be covered.  I will be back in town Thursday night.  The primary flight for the customer trip leaves around 11:30.  Others leave at 3:30 and 5:30(?).   The latest idea we had is that Pat would take a later flight on this trip and I will take a later flight on the August trip, allowing one of us to be in the office for half the day.  I can also come in for the half day on the 7th if we decide that is needed.  D 
 I created deal #439909 for August.  Jeff - I am assuming that the price for August is Gas Daily.  Currently, we have the September deal priced at Gas Daily also.  Since this was flowing on the first, should the price be at Inside Ferc HSC for September?  D 
