will wait to see if this is more like what you need before continuing with the earlier months.  Mark 
 Tom,  Here are the new graphs with totals (bar charts) and distributions (boxplots) for all seven sites through May 2002.  I believe that I have come up with a method of providing you with the ESTIMATED energy lost. Since it requires using two data sets (faults and 10-minute data) it will be take a bit longer to run. However I hope to have that result to you next week.  Mark 
 Jeff,  The files are in DesertSkyCurtail in your transfer dirtectory. Check the sums of the KWH.LOST columns with the values you were provided. These all seem to have been created the same day.  Mark 
 Tom,  From the stage I was at on the duration and energy it was just as easy to do all 7 sites as the 3 you specifically requested. If you do not want the additional graphs let me know and I'll pull them out of the Acrobat file.  Mark 
 Tom,  I have energy estimates for May 2002 attached. Graph 1 is site totals, graph 2 is (total lost)/(total actual production) where total actual production is taken from the kWh reported in the owner report, and graph 3 is the by turbine distribution (using box plots) of energy lost.  The energy lost estimation method I employed is susceptible to problems with data recovery (10-minute data), which in May 2002 was especially poor at Klondike and Fenner, so those number are not as informative as those for the other sites.  If these graphs provide you the information you need, I will continue with the remaining months (Jan - Apr). Otherwise let me know and we'll refine this process to get you what you need.  Mark 
 Denise,  A couple of questions about software.  I have used and would like to continue to use MiKTeX (A windows version of TeX, the technical typesetting program). I find it is useful for automatically formatting reports in fact I have designed the automated summary report for the turbine SPC report using this program. This is freeware. (The TeX users group http://www.tug.org/ has information of TeX implementations. MiKTeX is probably the best, but PCTeX by Personal TeX is a good non-free version). Please let me know what will need to be done so that I can continue to use this software.  I was also planning to start Syncing my PDA with Outlook (as soon as Outlook is configured for use). So can I install the "Palm" software for this purpose?  Mark Fisher 
