 Hello,  George. 1.   The actual shift change occurs at 6 am until further,  however,  I expect traders to arrive at least 20 minutes before shift change. 2  the September work schedule is attached 3.  I understand that most park in daily fee, "outside" lots.   Thanks, JMF 
  Kim, I had mentioned that I had not completed submitting my expense for temporary housing,  etc.    I mistakenly thought that the deadline was one year. Can I still get this in?   I think I have everything in order.  Thanks, JMF 
 Any luck with the changes we have requested? JMF 
 kim, thanks so much for checking into this for me.   sorry for the delay in submitting.  JMF 
 So,  you waited until the weather became bearable before coming to Houston?   Good call there. I travelled to Portland a week ago to visit friends.    Deb and I had a great time and the flight was so cheap,  $165.       The weather was awesome and the wine was good (  as far as I can remember ). Anyway,  it was good to see Stewie, Tim and even Richter.  What are you working on here,  is it classified?  JMF 
 yep,  coffee is a good idea.  jmf 
  Hey,  melon-boy -  Who would I talk to about the residential customers.    I received a call from a load aggregating company that specializes in residential sign ups. This sounds like a good idea, provided that our strategy hasnt changed.  Whatup?  JMF 
 What about New Power,  should we refer this deal to them?   It looks pretty good.  fornicatio 
  Joe, Do you have any record of this deal?   I should that you worked this day. If this exists in your personal trade log,  then we need to Enpower this.  Let me know what you find. 
  Alex, Could you check your trade log for this?   I show that you were on this day.    If this trade is good,  we need to Enpower. Let me know what you find.  JMF 
  Joe, Here's another.   Please check this out and let me know what's going on.  Thanks, JMF 
   Boy:  the deal number for the coa option for tomorrow is 765595.1.  do you need this????   JMF 
   Due to Oklaunion being down  for maintenance,    we are being cut again on offpeak schedule #570719.     This 25 mw purchase from Tenaska needs to be replaced for hour ending 23 and 24 today.     Buy the power tonight  and enter deal under Ercot Mgmt book, as this is Doug's power. I have already made the cuts in Enpower for both hours ending 23,24 and tomorrow.  For tomorrow,  I have purchased energy for this schedule,  so we dont have to worry about it on a real time basis.  If you have questions,  let me know.  Thanks, JMF 
   Alex, You have been somehow  entering deals under South America - Brazil region,   rather than South 2001.   Risk has been having a problem with this. This has also affected the Brazil trading desk. Double check your deal entry desks and zones.     I intended to mention this last week and I forgot.   It came up again today,  per risk.  Also, on the hour ending 6 deal today;   you should have entered a sale to Frontera in Enpower, rather than Mirant. This is a bit confusing,  but here goes:  Frontera had sold Mirant this option,  not Enron.     Frontera tells me daily what Mirant is calling for.   I replace this power,  or Frontera generates the schedule. If I (or you)  replace,  then we do enter a schedule of a sale to Mirant in the Portal.   But,  we dont sell to Mirant in Enpower, as this is not our deal.  Instead,   the sale goes to Frontera.   They pay us to reimburse us for buying LCRA on their behalf.  Does that help?  JMF 
 Kim, Cammi Mursch has asked for an e-mail from Enron authorizing an extension. Can we do this?  Thanks, JMF 
  Linus, can you give me the info for a New Power contact?  jmf 
   Anoush, I have talked with John Phillips with Cinergy Worldwide.    His company is an experienced residential load aggregator in the Northeast.  They are not related to the Cinergy utility.      They are interested in a partnership with Enron/New Power where Cinergy would market directly to individuals using our paper/ terms in return for a negotiated fee. He is interested in entering the Texas Choice arena.     They claim to be capable of size in signups.  I thought that this may be a good fit for NewP. The number for  John Phillips is :   410-365-5613   Let me know what your thoughts are.   John Forney Ercot Trading 853-7160 
   The Oklaunion plant is offline until midnight Friday.    I have replaced the power for this deal in the cash market. No replacement is needed. Also; You will notice that from peak on through 24, the pool has been strong.     Generators are taking their units offline for offpeak and are running short until peak the next day. You can recognize this in the ACE display on the monitor.   Notice hour ending 3,4,5.   Theyre draggin. Prices still havent done much in the offpeak,even with this going on.  JMF 
   Mr. Hinson, Sorry I missed your call.      The Frontera Plant is composed of 2 CT's and and steamer.      Three units in total,  however,   the steamer cannot operate independently of the ct's.    I say this because the Ercot protocols allow dispatching each of these units independently and Ercot exercises this right while punishing us financially for non compliance.  There is no way under the Resource Plan from the protocols to express which combinations must be considered.       These units are behind a common point,  so the rules as they were written dont consider us.  I know that this is more than you asked for,  but for whatever it's worth........   Thanks and give me a call if you need more info,  JForney Enron Ercot Region 
   Hourly Ercot is long 65 mw's for hour ending 6.    We have this routed to North Zone load.   If prices appear to be heading negative,  then export or sell outright.  Please review all positions in the system for tomorrow so that you can transact if necessary.  Thanks, JMF 
 Kim, Here is the e-mail address for Cammi.  Thanks, JMF 
   Madhup, We have been having alot of trouble with one of the big screens that is fed by the portal server.      It is the display over Doug's head.    This shows ACE and load forecast.  Doug is very excited about this,  as we have had a daily problem   It works temporarily ,  but goes down daily.  Is Sasha the guy to talk to on this?  JMF 
 best wishes to you and your daughter. jmf 
  The updated help desk numbers for 24 hour call are as follows:  phone - 713-553-3758 page - 713-327-4523  These have changed, so update your phone list accordingly.   Thanks,  JMF 
  The Hourly Ercot book is long 30 mw's  at $13.25 for hour ending 23 and 24 on Friday.    This is currently scheduled into the North Zone load. When you sell this,   cut the load and replace with the appropriate QSE trade.  The purchase is in Enpower as #825387.  The sale to Ercot Imbal is under #825406.        Cut the enpower sale and replace with appropiate sale counterparty. Everything should be entered under the Hourly Ercot desk.  Let me know how it goes.  JMF 
 Adrianne, I was not able to participate in a phone screen for any of the applicants below,  due to business travel. What is the latest on this? JMForney 
  Tom, The Frontera file has, in the first tab,   their calculation for their daily costing. Ken gave me this and asked me what I think.    It would probably be best if we talk some more about it,  rather than sending it to Jerry Brown,  etc.  What do you think?  JMF 
   The ST ercot book is long 30 mw's in the offpeak hours for Monday.    We would like to sell these mw's at a reasonable price that is left to your judgement. If prices look to be potentially negative,  of course,  sell the mw's.  Give me a call if you have questions, preferrably before 10 pm.   Thanks, JMF 
 Give me a call  jmf 
 The Resolution desk has given me the password.   However,  George was not set up in deal blotter under North America,  East Region.   I have since submitted another E-request for George.   The reason is,   he cannot log onto blotter or create deals under his name. Can you watch out for this?  JMF 
 What again is the $ impact and the days involved that we are discussing. 
 William,   things look better  but,    George does not have access to the EPMI Hourly Ercot book.       This is the book that he trades primarily. He also needs EPMI Ercot Asset.  Thanks, JMF 
   Frontera will be running short for the schedule listed below.      I have sold them this imbalance for $28.57.    Any imbalance charges billed to them should be allocated to me listed on the schedule below.  hour ending 7 - 320 he 8 -320 he 9 - 320 he 10 - 215 he 11 - 150 he 12 - 50  The total is 1375.   This is the equivalent of a financial swap,  but the settlement will remain intact.  Thanks, JMF 
  Ken, Take a look at this.   We will sell an additional 85mw's for hour ending 2300 tomorrow.    This is not on the sheet, obviously.  Thanks, JMF 
   Frontera has scheduled the following for tomorrow:  he 7-11,   350 mw's he 12-22,  400 mw's he 23, 50 mw's   We will be required to sell an additional 85 mw's tomorrow for hour ending 23 in order to get up to the minimum run of 135mw's. If Frontera has problems coming up tomorrow,  there may be an ACE issue.  We will advise.  JMF 
   I have sold Frontera a financial swap for $28.50 for hours ending 7-12.    The first 3 hours are for size (300 mw's). I would buy hours 7-9 tomorrow for up to $20.      I could buy up to the 300 mw's.     Schedule this to load in the North. I could also use 200 mw's for he 10 and 150 mw's for he 11.  Calpine has had an offer recently for hours ending 7-9.  If you have questions,  please give me a call,  as this is a very important issue.  Words of advice:  Dont go into the market with a $20 bid for 300 mw's.   Quietly accumulate these mw's if possible.     Do not tip your hand on this deal,  as that would contribute to spiking RT prices.  Thanks, JMF 
 Karen, I have spoken with Adrianne yesterday concerning the status of this process.    At that time,   I had left messages with all three candidates,  but was unable to reach them. Late yesterday afternoon,  I received a call from Nicholas Watson. I was impressed with his previous experience in trading and his educational background.    He also had shown some innovation related to some projects that he worked on at JP Morgan Chase & Co.  I would recommend scheduling Nicholas for an interview.   I did relay to him that we would contact him within a week.  I will again call the other candidates.  JMF 
   John, The outage requested for Friday has been approved by Kevin Presto.      I am glad to hear that the demin tank situation has been resolved. The meeting that I attended was helpful in understanding your level of frustration.  If you have further questions,  please let me know.  John Forney 
  Greetings:  For tonight,   Frontera is long 85mw's hour ending 2300.    We need to sell this under the Teco Services book.   For tomorrow Frontera needs to sell:  hour ending  4 - 30 mw's hour ending 5 -30 mw's Enter a purchase from Frontera (Teco services book) enter the same price as you sold for. Enter the sale (Teco Services).  I am also selling Frontera 200 mw's for hour ending 7 and 50 mw's hour ending 8. I am selling this position for $26.04.       I will be short the Imbalance price during this time. If you can buy below $26.04 for this time period,  do so and schedule to load  in the South.  I am long into the North Zone as follows : he 1-6,    40 mw's he 23&24,   55mw's  I am long under deal #834600 If prices appear to weaken,  sell these mw's for 1-6 and cut this Ercot Imbalance deal by same.    This deals should be listed under Ercot Asset.   Thanks, JMF 
   I have sold Frontera the following:  he 7 - 200 mw for $26.04 he 8 - 50 mw for $26.04   Please transfer this imbalance amount to me.    See deal no's   835119 & 835120.   Thanks, JMF 
  TJ: Can we create an inbox folder for Joe?   I need to leave something for him tonight and I promised that it would be in his inbox (which he doesnt have)  Thanks,  JMF 
 Yes, I would like that very much.   Please give me a call at 3-7160 JMF 
   I have spoken with Ruben this morning.    He is currently working in Structuring for Sempra,  focusing on the Ercot retail market.    Additionally,  he has worked for the California PX.    This and his educational background would have me recommend scheduling an interview with this applicant.   JFORNEY 
 thanks,   tell these guys to trade it up! 
    http://mospublic.ercot.com/ercot/jsp/balancing_services_mcp.jsp   This is the public Ercot ISO site.    You can query for prices.    We have an internal site,  the East Power Portal site,  which has a section for Price and Load. This scrapes info from the Ercot website.   I would think that you need special access to use the link below.   http://eastpower.test.corp.enron.com/portal/basic_page.aspx?mod=35&url=/portal/modules/regions/ercot/priceload.aspx   JMF 
 A reminder,   I am 55 mws long for hours 23 & 24 today.   This has been scheduled into the North Zone.    If you sell make sure that you cut the Enpower deal and make the appropriate entries in the Portal.   Enpwr deal   834600   is the sale to North Zone.   The Ercot Asset desk is long 5 mw's  for the offpeak hours at $9.20.   The  Enpwr deal number is #836534 If you sell hours 1-6,  cut this sale to Ercot Imbal and replace with the appropriate counterparty under Hourly Ercot book.    We will leave   Additionally,   Frontera needs to sell the following:  hour ending 4 - 30 mw's he 5 - 30 mws he 6 - 85 mw's Put these purchases/ sales in the Teco Services book.  I have sold them the power swap where I sell them 100 mw for 7&8 ($25).    I then pay the pool price.    If prices somehow appear that they will be greater than $25 for these hours,  please cover and schedule to the South Zone    The Swap went very well today,  since we had a physical position:  Although the physical may lose $1500,  the financial swap will make $17,000.  Here's how it works: When you buy balday,   you buy fixed ($30) and sell floating (Ercot Pool) Today I sold fixed ( $37) and bought floating.  The floating components cancel and we are left with a $7 margin.   Call if you have questions. JMF 
 i have zeroed this price out.   thanks  jmf 
   Save the file attached below to your desktop.    You can just click and drag.  You can view the data by interval or by hourly average.     Make sure that the dates are in the following: 10/25/01 10/26/01  To view today (10/25) make sure the ending date is tomorrow to pull in he 2400.   The purpose of this toy is to paint certain blocks,  ie 14-22 and get an average in the excel format.   I have found this to be a quick and easy to use tool. I used a similar tool in the California pool.    For example,  take yesterday and compare to today, same period.   Factor in weather,  unit outages, etc.  This should give you a general idea of where prices should be for these hours.  Let me know your feedback.  JMF 
 I am discussing this with Cara at Tenaska.   She is going to send more support for this. JMF 
   Sell hour ending 6 only- 30 mw's for Frontera tomorrow.   DO NOT GO TO THE POOL . If you cannot sell the mw's for a reasonable price ($0 or greater) and the pool appears to be going to a negative,   call Jerry and wake him up.   Have him ramp up starting he 7. Try to sell tonite if possible,  so we wont have to wake them up.  I have sold the swap to Frontera for tomorrow.  They will be short the following hours:  he 7 - 370 he 8 - 265 he 9 - 200 he 10 - 50  I have sold the swap to them at $24.50.   I sell fixed and buy floating.       If you think that the pool will be high,  then you buy fixed and take to the pool. You will buy fixed and sell floating.    Net,  we are left with two fixed prices.  Very cool.  Ercot will be calling due to the ACE issue.   The plant will be coming up slowly.  Call if you have questions,  JMF 
   Frontera is scheduled to generate a total of 400 mw's onpeak.    There may be an ace issue for hours ending 7-10.   We suspect that Ercot will want us to stay down due to price/lack of load. Check with Real Time trader.  Thanks,.  JForney 
 Please note that when we will receive a unit specific instruction,   we will also receive a category one deployment. The unit specific instruction tells us the level that they want the unit to produce.    The category one is just a summary of how much we need to move to achieve the unit specific level.   These should not be combined .  Also,  when you receive a category 2, 3 or 4 we are essentially receiving an OOM type instruction that is settled under the OOM provisions.  JMF 
 Yes,  Joe Capasso does report to me.  Thanks, JMF 
   Thanks for the info for the additional load.      As I understand it,  we now have approximately 20 mw's in the South.  This is great!! Each day I review balancing energy prices vs.  daily prices and the choice is extremely simple:    We allow the pool to fill this load.  I would recommend against buying any hedges against this power until further.     There is a good chance that prices occasionally go negative for offpeak/weekends and we want to take full advantage.  Do we need to discuss this further?   I just want to be on the same page. Let me know what you think.  JMF 
 I will be attending a funeral tomorrow,  but I am available to meet on Tuesday.    Thank you for checking back with me.  JMF 
 it's a power thang.....  JMF 
 Kim, I need to speak with you at your earliest convenience.    Please call me at 3-7160.   Thanks, JMF 
 Jim Flores - did he also work in Finance?   I dont remember him...  JMF 
 Stewie, How is it going with baby Wolf?   I want to make sure everything is ok before I call him.        Done any good deals lately? At least tell me about hiking.  JMF 
 Thanks for handling this!  JMF 
   Jerry,  please see the attached:  JMF 
 I have relocated from the West Desk in Portland Oregon and have been advised by our Legal Dept.   that I should not delete any e-mails until further notice.  Please advise.  JMForney 
 Kim, I'm sorry I did not get to come to your open house.    I got the message on the day of the party and I forgot to RSVP that I couldnt attend. I am a jackass,  but you knew that already...................... Hope all went well.    How's the new job?  JMF 
 Frank, I am interested in speaking with you further concerning investment opportunities.     Although you mentioned that  the $1,800  (the amount in my account) is a small sum,  I have been reluctant to invest more money with your firm,   given to performance of the suggestions provided previously. I have been a market maker in the electricity business and I realize that no one is right all of the time;    I dont expect this.      However,   I do expect some consistent contact from a broker  who has been successful in his own trading, not just success in brokering trades.      My view will be that the more success we have,  the more money I will be willing to invest.  I am interested in discussing my specific financial situation with you  and learning more about you, your track record and your abilities. I do wish to talk about covered calls on specific options that I have expiring in January.    I would also like to discuss any other profitable ideas that fit my profile.  I will not use your suggestions to trade at  discount brokerage or otherwise abuse our potential relationship.   I look forward to hearing from you.  John M Forney 713-853-7160 
 Thanks for listening  on last week's phone call.       I have been asked to help Doug Gilbert-Smith get Ercot off of the ground as far as Services and Hourly trading is concerned.     If you have not  heard,   the Entergy and TVA cash trading positions will now be manned by one trader who will also trade the term markets.        This will give the traders the leverage needed to create value in these  respective regions.      My inexperience in the term  is the reason given for my implied demotion,   although these moves opened up cash trading opportunities for  other players.          This had been the first month that I've had  access to the prompt month and I am up nearly $500k;     there is no doubt in my mind that I was going to beat this region into a profitable proposition.  I have notified Presto that I would be joining Doug in Ercot,   but would be considering other options in Houston,  or even Portland.     I mentioned that I might call you and he has no problem with that.         The job in Houston may be a good opportunity,  however,   the environment here is not compatible with my personal and professional  goals.  I am looking for other opportunities,  preferably within the company.     If there are areas that you think might be a good match for my skill set,  let me know -   I would appreciate your consideration or suggestions.       You certainly are under no obligation to do this,   but I am confident that my track record will generate some interest within the company,   possibly on the retail side.  Thanks for your time,  J Forney 
 i have notified Presto that I will be looking internally.    i am talking to portland,   as they want me back.      i have been moved to the Texas region to supply the Texas Choice and EES customers on an hourly basis.     I would manage this desk and, once again ,   have an hourly crew,  much the same as I did in California.      That is not the job I signed up for when I moved 3,000 miles to Houston.      I have already been there,  done that and I am not  pleased about it so far,   but it will be allright.      If I did this job,   it would become a big success and then I would have to hear about how lucky I was.  I'll keep you posted......it's shit like this that keeps work interesting.  JMF 
 Thanks for checking -  very unhappy with the situation here.    Very unprofessional and juvenile atmosphere.     Looking to leave the company if something doesnt open up internally.  JMF 
 Joan, I left a message for you today concerning your e-mail.      Do you still need someone?     I would like to ask you some specific questions again,  so give me a call.      I am at 3-7160.  Thanks, JMF 
 Elizabeth, My name is John Forney and I am the new Electricity  Cash trader in the Entergy region,  reporting to Kevin Presto.         I received a letter agreement from Entergy that seeks to clarify the Entergy  "Into"  definition.   Rogers Herndon has relayed that we have tried to get them to transact under an EEI agreement,  where they have been willing to only operate under WSPP.    They are trying to get us to agree to use the WSPP contract with EEI  liquidated damages language. I need to meet with you on this issue.   Rogers is available to anwer questions on the background of this ,   if necessary.   Thanks, JMF 3-7160 
 I am interested in obtaining parking in the new Enron  parking garage.    I am currently in the Kellogg building.  Thanks,  John Forney Director,  East Power Trading 3-7160 
 Bryan, please give me a call at 3-7160 to arrange meeting. 
   Please see the revised game plan for Monday.   Notice that hour ending 6 has been revised upward.  Thanks,  JMF 
 Things are going pretty well -  balance of month trading $43.75 in Entergy and it is going to be 90 degrees all of next week! I heard that PV is down and its 1,000 degrees in the desert -  you guys must be busy. Dave Ryan called for mild in the Northeast next week when Earthsat was preaching hot ........   did really well on that deal as I was short balmo  the Cinergy. He's the man (this week).  I saw Swerzbee and Motley at the K-derby.    That was a good time,  but it was bright sun and hot,  while we were wearing the traditional suit and tie. There was a trader at the party that weighed about 320.   He was wearing a black wool sportcoat and a khaki colored shirt.    He tried to take his coat off but strangers were dogging him about his sweat rings,  so he put it back on..........poor bastard.  Louisville Slugger factory and museum kicked ass.    They had all the original bats from Ty Cobb,  Babe Ruth, etc to current players. The have been custom making bats since like 1847.    Good trip -  see you there next year!  JMF 
 Chuck, Lee Dean with Primrose Oil called our West Desk to inquire about electricity service to their field in Texas.         His number is 940-322-1077. If you could pass this along to the appropriate salesperson,  I would appreciate it.    Thanks, JMF 
 Thanks for asking -   things are still pretty tough here, but  I determined to make it work.         I am a Director now - would your management be concerned about that?-  just curious.  JMF 
 Bill, I talked with Hans at the Autohaus and he relayed that the car was in good shape,  but did probably need a valve adjustment,  as you relayed.   Maybe also an oil leak fixed.     Also,   I asked him about the oil light and he seemed to think that the oil sensor needed replacing. The Porsche certainly requires more attention than most cars,  the clutch being a common and costly repair.  The exterior of the car is in fair condition.     Maybe a detail shop could tell me whether some of the scratches could be buffed out. I'm not sure if you have checked into painting while you had the car,  but you cant get it done inexpensively.  I am still interested in the car and I would like my wife to be able to take a look at it.     However,   I am leaving town tomorrow and wont be back until   Sunday.    Maybe we can meet then. If our discussions progress and you havent already sold or traded in the car,   I would like to have it checked out mechanically (at my cost)  and would like a detail shop to give me an assessment of what they could do with the finish. I realize the car is not perfect and it is eleven years old,  but it is a large investment.....  Thanks,  Bill for your time. My cell number is 713-412-7529.   JForney 
 Thanks for keeping me updated,  jackie! Seriously,   how are things going in the homeland?   Are you glad to be back?   Let me know what 's happening. I havent talked to brother Jimmy lately.   He is not answering his phone here. Say hello to the wife -  we never hear from anyone in Portland.  Knock em dead in your new job!  JMF 
 Bobby - How's it going in PDX?     Things very different here in this "market."    It is difficult to trade against monopoly power.      Book currently melting down,  however,  things are turning around.       Here;   nuke goes down,  very hot weather............. prices tank.     The transmission is controlled by utility rednecks who load up the capacity,   driving up prices,  and they release the capacity in mid trading,  crushing the dailies.    We cant buy transmission and hold it in this manner.       Pig forkers! Anyway,  I havent been accepted into the bubba club yet,   but I'm still trying.    Presto and the other traders call my region "Jimmy land,"  as most of the players are rednecks named Jimmy.  Hope the wife and Floyd are doing well.     Lot's of bad golf being played here!  Let me know when you are coming down - we will drink tequila at the Cadillac Bar.  JMF 
 John - How is business?   Things not as fun here as PDX. I am still in the market for a car and I have a strong candidate:    1990 Carrera 2 cabriolet.    It has 64k and the interior is flawless. The exterior has a couple of dings and some rock chips,  etc in the front.    The paint has some waterspots on the hood as well. The guy that owns it is a geek and never has waxed the car.     It may be possible to get these out by a detail shop.  Heres the kicker:   the guy is asking $27,500 negotiable.     I think I can get this for $24,500 or 25k.         It needs tires and one of the headlight lenses has a rock chip.   The car drives great.  Do you know of anything that I need to look out for with this particular model?   The engine is a 3.6 litre and it runs great.    Can a detail shop get out smudges and waterspots?   The blue book trade in on this vehicle in good condition is $24,000.   The retail is supposedly $33k. What am I missing here?  Thanks, JMF 
 Mikey, Please see the attached and tell me if I am smoking crack.      This calc would show me eating the difference between the purchase and sale prices,  although I have no position on this day.    You can go into the tab marked "May1."  Thanks, JMF 
 TJ, I need tickets to an Astros game  on May 18th.     We will be entertaining 7 people from Entergy and approx.   5 Enron people. Is there access to a box or,  at least,  blocks of seats together?  Thanks, JMF 
 I have purchased from Duke   100 mw's at $51  for flow into Entergy (see deal#591863) .       Duke is  transmitting this power through their capacity through SOCO.     In the event of TLR's,   we have the option of cutting this supply,   without booking out (deal was negotiated with Amar). If this happens,  of course  you need to fill the demand side and cut the purchase from Duke in enpower - see deal no. above.   The purchases  go in the ST SPP book.  Once again,  If RT has to intervene,  please make sure that Enpower is balanced with respect to ST SPP.     Also,   let me know immediately if there are problems with this or any other schedule that I have.  You guys are doing a good job.  JMF 
   We have purchased 65 mw's from Teco for hour ending 6 on Monday for $5.    This is scheduled into the North Zone. If prices dictate,   sell to another counterparty.      See deal no.  767454   Thanks, JMF 
 Judy, I was accidently included on the distribution list for the retirement announcement from Omaha.     My name is John Forney and my family is from Crete Nebraska.   My grandfather,   Lester Forney,   was a doctor in Lincoln.      Any relation,  as I dont hear our last name very often?  JForney Enron Power Trading 
 Kim, Can we meet around noon?  JMF 
 That would be fine - just give me a call and let me know when you can meet. JMF 
 You are down.  JMF 
 Hey, looks like I will be returning to Portland.    They want me back and it is a much better place to work.       HR is wanting me to consider other opportunities in Houston,  however.     They have one week to come up with something,  otherwise I'm outta here.  Other companies are paying ridiculous sums to experienced West traders (California experience). Thanks for considering me for your group and I'll keep you updated.  JMF 
  Kim, Thanks for spending time with me yesterday.   I have spoken with Tom May concerning what my status was.   I mentioned that my preference would be to return to Portland,  however,  I would be considering other options within the company for one week. My thought was that I need to relay this same message to Presto,  Doug and Lloyd.     I will communicate this today,  unless you have other ideas.  As discussed,  I have attached a copy of my resume.   It is getting kind of long,  but I havent really gotten a chance to "abbreviate."  Thanks again for helping, JMF 
  It looks like we will be moving back to Portland before summer starts.     The job didnt turn out as promised and I was put into a role that I didnt want. Oh well.    The Portland team still wants me and has offered 4 different roles to choose from. You cant beat that.  Anyway,  I will let you know how it turns out.  JMF 
 I will come by sometime after 8:30 am if that is okay.  Thanks! JMF 
  Congrats to you and your wife on your new arrival.     Hope she's a good sleeper.      Now at least you can field some different questions,  "how is the baby?"   versus "where is the baby?" But,  as Kim used to say,  "enough about you,   let's talk about me."   I spoke with Tim B again and he is agreeable to the idea of my return.    He mentioned that West has needs in Services,  Middle Mkt - SW and even Structuring.    I think that I would be a good fit in Mid Mkt,  as I could build upon my experience  and also learn as much of the structuring side as  possible.     Wherever I go,  I am ready to make an impact.  The HR department here in Houston wants me to entertain other opportunities within Houston and they have brought some things before me today.    I had also considered staying and building the Ercot business here,  as there is a huge need for leadership in this area.    However,   Real Time roles are very hard to shed around here and I am apprehensive about being a Commercial Director managing Real Time.   I have no doubt that I could make a huge difference here,  but a lot of time would have to be wasted defending the group and myself.  Anyway,  I wish we could sit down, have a beer and discuss,  but that's probably not practical.     Belden says to talk with you about the needs of the floor and get some idea where the ideal fit might be.  I know that you are out of the office,  but give me an e-mail when you get a chance.  Thanks, JMF 
 Amy, Hope everything is going well with you.   I dont know if Tim has talked with you, but I am considering returning to Portland. I am talking with Wolfe and Tim,  but I would like to keep things low key.    I know this all seems pretty weird,   but my situation has changed so drastically that I have some major,  immediate decisions to make.    Basically,   the East Desk wants me to build a team in Real Time,  similar to how we did it in Portland. Unfortunately,  that was not the job I agreed to take (always get it in writing - I never could).     Had I known that it was a similar position to what I had,  I never would have left.  Anyway,  Kim Melodick wants me to consider opportunities within Enron Houston and I have agreed to give her a week to see if a fit exists.   She is easy to work with and is being very helpful.    However,  I have expressed  to Kevin and Kim that my first preference would be to return to Portland.  I have given this some thought and believe that taking the Real Time position would not be a good move for me, given the atmosphere here. I would like to have a new perspective on this if you have time to converse.     I would appreciate any feedback that you can give me.  Thanks, JMF  I 
 correct 
  Bart, que paso,   juaro? Jeff passed on your e-mail.   Too bad about the beetles.   Is that the Taylor High School Mascot?   "Taylor,  home of the fighting beetles,"....  Go beetles! I think you are right about Ercot being difficult to set up,  but it just reemphasizes the need for you;    they need an organizer and this situation fits your strengths. Well,  enough about you,  let's talk about me.............. the Entergy gig was made more difficult,  as I received NO training in cash trading.     After a couple of months,  a coworker took me in and gave me some pointers on hedging,  which is especially important in my region.   The month of May was very profitable,  finally,  and things were coming together until..........  (Please keep this confidential) Presto called me in to tell me that I was moving to Ercot as Manager of the Real Time group,  his decision being final,  no negotiations.  (thanks for your understanding, bunghole). I had previously turned down several attempts to bring me back to Texas in this capacity and I expressed that I was less than happy with his decision. I think that Ercot will be busy and a worthwhile region to be involved with,  given that we have retail load to service,  etc.   However,   thats not the job that I agreed to move 3000 miles for.   I suspect other changes would ensue,  once I established this region.  So.     It looks like I will be returning to Portland.    We bought a new house here and are very happy with everything,  except my job (which is a huge thing). I may be working West Mid Mkt SW or doing something with the Service Desk.    I dont mind doing anything as long as it's productive. Anyway,  I was pissed in the beginning,  but I had to take time to digest this,  analyze the opportunity and make an informed unemotional decision. I am too deep in the (out of the money)   options to cut and run,  so it now boils down to where do I want to live.   There is interest outside of the company  in me,  but I am under contract.    I miss Portland and I think about it all the time.     I must be a mountain man at heart.  Well,  let me know if you have any thoughts on the above.   Once again,   I dont wish to have this get out to anyone on the West desk,  just yet. I heard that you did really well on your home sale.    That's awesome.    Maybe I can buy back my house and my boat.  (just kidding). I am actually more concerned about buying another boat than I am a house.   How is your housing in Taylor? I miss the beer in PDX, boating and the winter bowling.   It is freaking hot here in Texas!  Anyway,  keep kicking butt and keep those Texans in line!  JMF 
   Kim, My relo expenses have not been turned in as yet.    Do I turn those in to you?     I am due the closing costs, etc.  due to my move from Portland. Also,   Johnny Palmer was very pleasant to speak with.    I appreciate the effort that you have made in trying to generate interest in me from the inside. Johnny, however,   was not optimistic that he had anything available for a Director level position. I have been talking with Portland (Greg Wolfe,  Tim Belden,  and Amy Fitzpatrick)    If nothing opens up here by Wednesday,   I need to get out to the West and start training so that I can make some money for the company. I am still building,  staffing, & trading for the Ercot region,  but I am eager to go quickly if no one wants me in Houston.  Thanks!  JMF 
 Brett, Have heard that Platter was given trading responsibility on EOL for offpeak California and other markets.   I heard he has done an awesome job and Richter & the gang are really happy with him.    He is motivated and challenged,  which is what he needed. As far as timing,  I dont know yet.     Could be next week or next month.    I kind of wanted to work on the Ercot desk,  but not for Presto.  Anyway,  keep in touch you wino.  JMF 
 Kim, I spoke with Cammi Mursch with the outside relo company.   She said she is handling my account and I should send her my expenses for reimbursement. I think that this will take care of me.  Thanks, JMF 
   Linus,  check this out:  http://www.fishtexas.cc/   Go under Texas City and you can get some good webcam action, wind speed and direction.    Also,  you can call one of the bait camps and get directions.   JMF 
 The opportunity here has been enhanced;   in addition to Managing RT,   I would be managing all of the Service Assets in Texas.   This includes trading around a 500 mw plant,   serving EES and New Power Company loads,  and also the potential for managing a new 1500 mw full requirements deal. Of course,  I would have to have all of this in writing.      I would be working with the Texas Term trader to enhance my trading skills in order to effectively manage this position. This makes the offer more attractive,  but still I would be in Houston.      I am still apprehensive of the bait & switch exposure. What do you think? JMF 
   Please note that when you start/stop a schedule to or from the following control areas,  the listed static scheduling fee applies.  Reliant/HLP  - $49 TNMP  - $55 COA   -  $40 BEC  - $25   For example,  if we schedule for one hour from BEC>COA,   the one-time charge for scheduling alone would be a flat  $65.      Also applicable would be the per mw  line losses and the wheeling fee of $.22  . Please account for all such charges in the P&L report.  Thanks, JMF 
   Andrea,  Please see the attached spreadsheet for Friday.   All of the deals listed  have been moved to Teco Services for this day only.      We entered a buy (which is an estimate of the cost of gen)  and the appropriate sales.  We need to talk about how this gets reconciled.    I would like to know the detail of this transaction. I know that not everything has been discussed with this account,  so I would like to discuss it.  I am positive that I need to change all deals for over the weekend.   We had some length for this customer that was sold hourly.     I assume that everything from now on will be entered under Teco Services for this account. Can you think of any exceptions?  I will let you know when the weekend is complete.   Thanks, JMF 
  I still have a need for an Analyst within the group, preferably for a one year rotation. Thanks, JMF 
 comments (negative)  from Frank before the end of day?  I am willing to bet $5 Want some? JMF 
   Clinton, Due to the flood,  our phones rolled over to the Portland office on Saturday.    Geir Solberg sold hours 13-15,   230 mw's each hour to CSCS for $25. I have entered the deals today and they are as follows:  Frontera,  deal no.  644515,  entered under Teco Services book AEP deal no.  644529, also entered under Teco Services.  I dont know how the reconciliation of this Services book takes place.   I am working on some procedures and need some input.  Lets party,  JMF 
   Lloyd, Do I need to input security requests for this guy to get Enpower,  telephone,  etc?  JMF 
  IM SURE GLAD THAT THE CONCERT WAS CANCELLED BECAUSE I HAD THE WORST HANGOVER EVER. CHECK THESE ;PHOTOS OUT!  JMF 
   Was Tom pissed?  Whats up?  JMF 
   Juanster, Can I get a copy of your group's expectations?    I need to also discuss with you the duties of all the night guys.    As I understand it,     they  all pitch in to do confirms and they unofficially cross-train in other regions.     What about reconciliation reports - what is required?   What other reports need to be tied out -  the Sched Activity report vs. the P&L sheet?   JMF 
  Michael, we checked with Reliant personnel and they dont know anything abuot the fees that we discussed.     That's not suprising,  however. Does Reliant bill this directly or does the Ercot ISO bill this to us?     What is the reason for this fee?  Thanks, JMF 
   Hey Lloyd, As you know,  Joe and Steve spent a considerable amount of time here last weekend due to the flood.     I would think that some recognition would be in order.  How about a personal best of $500,  or a gift certificate,  etc.?  What do you think?   JMF 
 cool  jmf 
 Thanks - Good job in documentation  JMF 
 FYI  jmf 
   Please see the attached site.     The logon for this is:     ljester password is:  38zpzz  http://oasis.ercot-iso.com/index.html  You can copy existing Oasis requests or create new.  JMF 
   Here it is..  JMF 
 Okay,  so we now have a procedure.   I will broadcast to the group and see that it is implemented.   I still havent completed all of their discrepancy checkout. I have been working nights through the weekend and tonite.    I will address these on Tuesday. Clint will be helping me to resolve these and future issues.  Thanks, JMF 
   Stewie: I agreed to stay through the end of the year (February)  to get this project off of the ground.   What I get in return is the responsibilty of trading around our assets in Texas,  a 500 mw unit,  Frontera,  and a 100 mw heat rate call from the City of Austin.   I have asked that these responsibilities be officially committed to writing. It is too late in the year for me to move to Portland,  get out and make a contribution for the summer.    These guys are in terrible shape here,  and I am needed. I report to Lloyd Will,  who is a great guy.    I am working with Doug Gilbert-Smith,  who is the Ercot Term trader.   He has agreed to share some of his knowledge with me and I am spending time with the gen group to learn more about the steel.  I will be working with Miller and Smith (weeeeeelllll?) This was the best option for me at this time,  and also for the company.  I will be leaving the main office in February,  whether it is with Enron or not.   I would prefer to stay with the company,  as my options are worth zero at the moment. We still want to return to Portland,   but right now I am needed here.  Thanks for checking.    Let me know when you are coming down,   but dont bring your sweater.    Hope things are going well for you and your group. I'll give you a call later and tell you what's what.    (hey,  I never used to say  that - you were stereotyping).  Later, JMF 
 The turrrets are programmed in the order of personal preference.   However,  you can use someone's while they are gone. I will get you access to Watt's or Eric's.  Thanks, JMF 
 Juan, Check this out: JMF 
   We have four direct lines to the Ercot ISO that have been installed on each of your turrets.    As an ISO participant,  we are required to be staffed 24-7 to handle any request from the ISO concerning our generation, or to handle contingencies related to our preschedules.  If any of these lines should ring,  we need to be sure to pick it up.    Ercot  may just be testing our responsiveness,  or ,  they may have a specific question about the mock market that is taking place now.      Any questions that cannot be immediately answered should be relayed to Smith Day or myself.  We will be installing hardware soon that will receive generation instructions from the ISO.   For RT purposes,  this will be used for billing purposes.    Any action ordered by the ISO will also be communicated to the Control room simultaneously.   They will be responsible for the actual dispatch of the unit.  We will be announcing a meeting soon to describe our new Ercot world and to exchange ideas.    I would also like to have a session with the group to explain the logic behind the reports we are responsible and to explain how the whole floor works.    This can be a broad overview,  or we can drill down to specifics at your request.    Thanks for your attention.  JMF 
  Remember how bad T.A. reported that we all were on putting cuts into the system, enpower work,  reconciliation,  etc. ?  THESE GUYS DO NONE OF THAT - NO ONE EVEN KNOWS HOW.  Settlements is working hard,  but TA doesnt say a word to the RT traders here,  as it would be political suicide.     That's why she turned toward us. She is supposed to be our rep to the ISO,   and I talked to her,   explaining my expectations.   She was squirming  about saying that she or Rebecca wouldnt know the answers.   Im cool with that,  but cant you find out?   Everything is such a big struggle here.  Im not coming until February at the earliest.    I am an Oregonian. The freaking mosquitos are terrible now that the floodwaters have subsided.  I forgot about that bit of joy.  Later, JMf 
 They are members of the RT group,  so they will sit at the "rotating seat" of 3111f. They will have the same access as Steve Olinde, Joe Capasso,  etc.  Can we copy the profiles of existing team members? JMF 
 That's allright,  go ahead and cancel my order.  Thanks,  JMF 
  As you know, the Frontera status screen goes away at night,  as the flat screens are taken down.     You can find the same screen on the East Power Portal under Frontera Production Summary.  Save the attached  link if you dont have already.  http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/portal/default.aspx   JMF 
 I mean 15 inches aiento tu coola.  JMF 
  Lloyd, Thanks for your help on this issue.   Sorry for the delayed response.    I think I have my facts somewhat straight,  but I am available to answer questions.   JMF 
  Just a quick note to acknowledge the great job that Geir Solberg did in helping our office out during Tropical storm Allison. Our phone lines, computers and cell phones were down.    Additionally,   we were short staffed due to floodwaters downtown.  One of our service customers,  Teco,  wanted to sell some test power in South Texas.   Geir was contacted via satellite phone. He sold 230 megawatts each hour to AEP.   He used the proper terminology unique to Ercot and sold the energy at a decent price. He maintained good,  detailed notes and was able to relay this information to me the following Monday. Most importantly,  this was a seamless transaction to the customer.  Again,  thanks for the help.  JMF 
 Whoa,  that is way too high for yesterday.   Please hold the presses before this gets billed to us.  JMF 
 Amy, I have elected to stay in Houston until at least February.  It is so late in the year,  that I may not be immediately effective in the West and I would have "lost" the first part of this year,  as I was training (myself). There is a huge need for me here and I am trying to do what's right for both E and myself.    To that end,   Lloyd Will has offered me an opportunity to trade around Enron's assets in Texas,   learning the term trading side of the business from Doug Gilbert-Smith. Both Doug and Lloyd know my circumstances and their proposal gets me the experience that I need,  while they get my experience in Services,  training & managing a team and making money in a pool type market, as exists in Texas.  These opportunities were presented to me only after I stated emphatically that I was returning to Portland.   I would still like to live in Portland as early as February.    I realize that a seat wont be held open for anyone,  and I will revisit this issue in Feb.  This compromise seems reasonable.   I have asked that this be committed to writing,  so I am editing what Lloyd has created concerning job responsibilities.  Additionally, most junior people are dissatisfied here and the bottom line reason:    they dont know how their job relates to the entire floor making money. This explanation to them and an acknowledement of their contribution will bring the ideas forth from the "back corner." The senior traders say aloud that they dont need anyone, and they will make their money with or without help.  A particular trader antagonizes until someone stands up to him,  then he has them sent home.     I think that there are three Real Timers at home at full pay right now.     One or two will be paid for two years, or so I'm told.   This type behavior is allowed as the trader makes a great amount of money for the company.   This is not an unusual occurence on trade floors,  but I will not be any part of it.  I am going to spend this time to try to make some difference in this culture.    If we dont get buy in from the top,  I will also be at risk of going home.    Some of these guys just dont get it.  There are, however,  many positives to staying here:  the guys I report to are like-minded concerning the above.   They are very competent and have a lot to teach & they are willing to teach.   I am excited about learning something new and also being able to lead a team.  Well,  thanks for listening to my sermon, sister Amy.   My wife and I miss Portland and will probably be back next year. Hopefully there will still be opportunity for me at that time.    If you have any thoughts or advice,  please share,  as I have alot of exposure this year, due to the move and subsequent reorg.  Later, JMF 
 Always up for coffee!  JMF 
 good thought,  I sent a separate e-mail to Tim Belden,  Greg Wolfe and Geir's supervisor Bill Williams III.  JMF 
  Chris,  I think we already discussed this issue but let me summarize what I think happened:  we were parking 50 mw's with COB.   We sold 50 to Reliant/HLP,  but the transmission got cut.    3 mw's flowed on Oasis 9337 to Reliant.    We show in the system that we are purchasing 50 mw's from COB and selling them 47. So,  I dont think that we needed to bookout 3 mw's with HLP.    They received 3 mw's from City of Bryan on deal #625291. You entered a bookout purchase on deal #625352.  Oasis also  shows that 3 mw's flowed on #9337.   So once again,  we have an extra purchase from HLP that we didnt need. Did you negotiate this with HLP? Is this what happened?  I'll talk to you about this tonight.  Thanks,  MW  JMF 
 que paso,  pawpaw  JMF 
 Lisa, I will be out of the office for one half day on Friday and a full day on Monday.   Can you list my Monday time as my floating holiday? I will obviously not be able to attend the meeting at 3pm,  but I am available by cell.  JMF 
  cool,  I can meet for coffee anytime.   Lunch is tough,  but I will keep in touch. Thanks, JMF 
  I have one half day of vacation tomorrow and I'm out on Monday.    As you can see, I am still a slacker. No, really  we havent been anywhere since we moved back in January.   we are going to Austin this weekend to play some golf. Houston is not that scenic,  so I'm heading out.  JMF 
 I am very interested and I will be available at any time for training. JMF 
   Hey, what's the latest in the service world?     I am working with Tom May on services in Ercot in addition to my Ercot ISO duties. How does the price cap crap work?    Does this have opportunity for us on the service side or does this kick us in the face?  JMF 
  Lloyd, Would it make sense to press our EES/West Point guys to a decision?    We should express that we want to hire internally,  however,  we do have external candidates that we are considering.  The Reliant guy,  Ryan Thomas,   was a good interview and seems to have something positive to prove.   I believe that HR has some specific questions that they wish us to ask regarding his employment at Reliant.  Also,   EES is petitioning Kevin for me to let Watt's go right now.    I have indicated to Terry Donavan that mid July would be preferable due to our being already short staffed.  Let me know your thoughts on this when you get the chance.    I will be out of the office for half day Friday and all day on Monday.  Thanks!  JMF 
 talking with bryan right now.  done before weekend. 
  Greetings - I have attached the most basic expectations for our group.   We have been spending a lot of time balancing the books lately, and the attached will relieve some of this, so we can focus on trading.   I will make sure that we receive balanced books from Day ahead trading/scheduling. Also,  make an effort to know why we run reports, etc.  so that you can make suggestions to streamline this operation.  I will provide more documented general procedures and will spend time with each of you on how to handle cuts in Enpower and Lotus Notes.  We have a good group and we will do well in the new market.    However,  this will take an extra effort from each of us. If you have questions about any of the expectations,   ask.    That is why we make the list.  Thanks, JMF 
   CHECK IT OUT.    IF YOU TRADE DAYS WITH ANYONE,  MAKE SURE THEY HAVE A SIMILAR SKILLSET. IE,  DONT TRADE WITH THE NEW GUY TO FILL A NIGHT SHIFT ALONE.  THANKS!  JMF 
 Thank you, JMF 
  Jerry, Please see the attached:    JMF 
   https://portal.ercot.com/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/hrnp$30000/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/Action/26011[portal]   JMF 
 Find the attached files and links:  http://wnahou-0001452/rocks/frameset_test.htm  http://oasis.ercot-iso.com/ 
 Yes I can.    I have already started working on this.   Chris Watts will help me get this sorted out ultimately. Sorry for the imbalance. You should see drastic improvement from our side effective immediately.   Have a good weekend.  JMF 
 Chris, I had tried to reconstruct Sunday the 24th based upon your notes,  but was unsuccessful.    I am going to need you to spend some time straightening this out.     Enpower is out of balance  and the books are as well. Risk management/Settlements wants this balanced,  as we cannot tie out with our customers.  We will probably need to restore Enpower to precut status,  then initiate the proper deal entry to handle the cuts that came in.  You mention inadvertancy in your Notes,  but I dont know the particulars of this problem.    I'm sure you are aware that every cut needs to be reflected in Enpower.     If you were in balance when you arrived for your shift,   then you should be in balance when you leave. The Real Time position manager is used to check whether this happened or not.  Give me a call to straighten this out.  JMF 
  Lloyd, This is the guy I was talking about last week.   Kevin seemed to think he would be good on the retail side.   I can answer any questions that may arise, or ,   I can put you in touch with Saji.  Thanks, JMF 
   Please see the attached list.    If you have questions,  please call.  Thanks,  JMF 
   NewPriceSheet.exe 
 https://portal.ercot.com/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/hrnp$30000/PORTAL.ERCOT.COM:9999/Action/26011[portal] 
  Alex, Please see the logon for the "traditional"  Ercot oasis listed below.   Use this login until the Ercot ISO is in effect.  JMF 
  You have been invited to attend a team building outing that is sponsored by the Service Desk.   Game time is usually around 7:05  pm and we  will be having drinks at Cabo around 5 pm.  I hope that you can make it.  Let me know by this Friday, June 6th, whether you will attend.  Thanks, Lets party  JMF 
   Joe, I need some help on the schedule for September 20th.   Steve Olinde is on vacation this day.   I intended to cover for him,  but I am now trading the dailies for Frontera.     I will not be able to cover the RT shift.  I know that you are working alot of days before then,  but I would appreciate your help.  Thanks,  JMF 
   We have created a quick quide to do QSE trades through the Ercot Portal.    This initial guide should get you started, however,  this is not a comprehensive handout that contemplates every situation.     I am asking you to read the rules and implement a trade using the Portal.    As you have noticed,   our counterparties have already started trading two hours out.       We will be trading paralell until the ISO rolls out for Friday.   This means that you will have to submit the "traditional" Ercot Oasis and also submit the QSE trade.    We must monitor to make sure that our counterparties have submitted their matching QSE trades, as well.   Otherwise we will be out of balance with Ercot.   A copy of our QSE quide will be in your inbox.     Make sure that you read/ study it and ASK QUESTIONS.   Thanks,  JMF 
 Chris, Good questions: 1. You are fine using Ercot System as the delivery opint until the Ercot ISO opens on July 20th.    Subsequent to that, we will enter the appropriate zone for each purchase or sale as West, North or South Zone.       If we wish to schedule mw's across a path,  ie South to North,  we will need to create an Ercot transmission deal to link south>north.     We do not actually do an Ercot Oasis, etc, to buy this transmission,  rather,  this is a way to reflect the desired pathing internally. Risk Management is creating this internal transmission counterparty for us.  I will let you know what it is called.  2.  The positions that we manage for Frontera/Teco Services should not be reflected in the P&L sheet, as we had been doing. My fault for not knowing the process as agreed to previously with Settlements & Risk Mgmt.    We are to keep these deals in the Services P&L sheet,  as Real Time has done for MDEA. The location for this spreadsheet is:  M:Eservices/applications/services  We will request access to this tool for everyone.  Thanks, JMF 
   Dave, its good to hear from you. We are in Houston and its hot!   My wife is doing great and we are still trying to get used to life in Houston. I am trading in Ercot region (Texas) and, of course,  Brett is now working at the ISO. MY WIFE AND I MISS PORTLAND Working in the main office isnt as much fun as working in Portland.    There is a good chance that I will return to PDX, as there are so many good people there and so much to do outdoors. So, tell me what you are doing now in Phoenix.    Everyone that I've met from SRP has been very nice,  (Perry,  John Sullivan,  etc.).   Hope you enjoy working there and all is well with your family.  JMF 
 Bobby, I came really, really close to coming back to Portland.    I was recently asked to help get the Ercot (TEXAS) region off of the ground by organizing,  training and motivating the Real Time group.   I declined initially, as I had previously turned this job down from Portland.    I came to Houston to trade cash.    Bait and Switch. Anyway,  I was looking to return to PDX to work in Mid Mkt or Services, wherever I could have an impact (positive impact, jackie). Once I expressed to Houston that my bags were packed, more opportunity presented itself;   I am going to get experience in managing our assets in Texas.   We have an agreement with Teco to manage a 480 mw combined cycle facility in South Texas.   We have some other interesting arrangements as well.  I will be working with Doug Gilbert-Smith, who is the term trader in Ercot.    Good, solid technical guy.   These guys are in a tight spot and due to the timing of all of this,  I agreed to finish the rest of the year in Houston and get this thing up and running.    Ercot is currently not short nor volatile.    Not much fun yet, we'll see how the pool works. I am working with Smith and Jeff Miller as well.  For all of its sound, fury and ego's the Houston office is actually disorganized and short on morale. My transition could have been handled better by a monkey man.      My gut tells me that if I stay with the company,  I will be moving back to Portland early next year if they will have me.  Let me know when you will be in town and I'll set up some golf and margaritas.   No boat anymore,  I'm bumming a ride with my friends.  Later, JMF 
  Dave, I should have been more specific;    Brett is working at the Ercot ISO,  near Austin Texas.    His e-mail address is below.   'bhunsucker@ercot.com'  Thanks, JMF 
  My desk is available for training purposes at night or weekends.    However,     I am missing my notebook and my tradelog. Frequently things are moved and I have a hard time finding such items as listed above.  If you use my desk and you need to move my notebook, etc.   then place them in my desk drawer or somewhere else that makes sense.  Thanks, JMF 
 You are done on those dates.   Thanks for being specific. Sorry that Johnny had not spoken with me,  but it will work out okay. It seemed like you were needing some additional days off in July?   Is that right?  Hope your training with Errigo went well this weekend.   JMF 
 This is good info to know. JMF 
 Smitty, I havent been aware that we were to be "on notice" and ready to submit practice schedules to ISO.    This is a great training opportunity. Are we supposed to be ready today and if yes,  for what?  JMF 
   Iz - Please see the attached work schedule for Sept.    I have you officially joining the group on Wednesday,  however,  your actual shift work begins on Thursday,   September 13th.  If you have any questions,   give me a call at 3-7160.  We look forward to having you on the team.  JForney 
   Ercot hourly will need four tickets for thursday's game.  The attendees:  Eric Saibi Alex McElreath Myself Steve Olinde   Thanks, JMF 
  Tom, I am available: July 11th & 12th.     July 23-27th.  Also the 30th & 31st.  I am available most anytime in Augie,  as I havent put together the shift schedule yet.  JMF 
   I will be out of the office this  Friday,  next  Monday and Tuesday.   I will be taking some vacation days. I will be checking in and I will be available by cell phone.   thanks, JMF 
 I agree and will make the arrangements.  JMF 
   Tony,  My logon and password :  jforney bmw528i!  Thanks, JMF 
 Check out this site. Dont look for job opportunities,  however.  JMF 
   Settlements and Risk have blessed our version of the procedures.    Now we need to run this by Teco. Should I call Frank Busot to discuss,  or is this an item for discussion in the meeting on Tuesday?  We have already received their invoice for June and they have again invoiced us at the sales price, rather than the minimum market price.  I will be involving Clint in the reconciliation to give him some exposure to this side.  What do you think?  JMF 
   Tj, Can you price a flight for me to Tampa that would leave from Hobby airport?    The meetnig is on Tuesday and I could leave either Monday night or Tuesday morning. I could take an afternoon flight from Tampa to Houston Hobby.   Thanks,.  JMF 
   We are long 65 mw's from Frontera at $5 for tomorrow.   It is scheduled into the North 2001. Sell if needed.   JMF 
   Brett, I have a business question,  for a change.   Ercot load is forecast to be as high as 46,124 for hour ending 1200 today.   The actual printed from the website is less than 43,000.   I know that there is South to North congestion,   but is this actual load right?    Is interruptible load being curtailed due to the congestion or is their rain somewhere that isnt showing on our weathermap?  Any help you can give would be appreciated.   I dont think that this is proprietary info or anything.    I am trying to see if the forecast is worthless.  Thanks, JMF 
   Please make the following arrangements for me in order to join Tom and Jeff in Tampa for the Teco meeting:  7/16 - Depart Hobby to Tampa at 7:50pm flight. Stay at Hyatt - Jeff Miller has made the arrangements already.  7/17 - Depart Tampa 4:30, arrive Houston 6:35pm.     I will  be calling on Friday to check on this.   Remember,  I will be on vacation Friday and Monday.   I was scheduled to take Tuesday off, but I will have to attend this meeting. Please do not schedule a vacation day for me on Tuesday.   Thanks, JForney 
 Thanks for remembering me.  Hope everythnig is well with you too!  JMF 
    http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/portal/modules/regions/ercot/ercotxml.htm 
  Lloyd, a couple of questions: Will Joe Capasso be aggreeable to start in my group on August 1st?    That would be awesome.    Let me know if I can help with anything on this  What is the status of the personal best award recommendation for Errigo and Olinde?  Thanks, JMF 
   Please use the following:  Cell -  813-760-7199 Office - 813-228-4907 (should roll over to his cell after hours) second line in home:  813-634-7772   We have had problems locating Jerry on occasion in order to affect schedule changes.   He lives in a rural area and his cell phone doesnt always work.    In these instances, we tried to contact the plant to instruct them to increase/decrease generation.    They have refused in the past, as they were only to receive instruction from Jerry.  The plant should now be aware that this communication problem can exist and will be receptive to making generation changes per our instructions.   JMF 
  Lloyd, here is another Bryan guy.   Pretty much the same length of service as Kevin.   JMF 
    Stephanie McHargue will be backing up Jerry Watson this weekend.   She will be another contact person available to us if we cannot contact Jerry.  Her numbers:  cell:   813-293-0700 home:   727-522-6741 pager:   813-266-8044  Remember to call her this weekend with any Frontera changes.  Thanks, JMF 
 TJ - Alex doesnt have access to Lotus Notes.  Can we get a request in for him?   We use Notes to communicate within the Scheduling and RT groups.   Thanks, JMF 
   Jerry see the attached.   Ercot has your direct line (cell) for down balancing today.    We are evacuating.  My cell number is 713-412-7529  Call  me if you need anything.   Thanks! 
   From time to time we have applicants from other shops that interview with our desk for RT trading, scheduling, or other positions. If you recognize someone from another firm,  or know who they are,  do not discuss their interest in Enron with anyone else.  Recently,  we have had two applicants who have reported that others at their firm knew that they had interviewed with Enron.  Both felt that someone in this shop had discussed their visit here.    Totally unacceptable.     I have to ensure that this information is not coming from  my group, hence this note.  Common sense would dictate that discretion is necessary in these situations.   If you have any feedback on this situation I would like to hear it.  Thanks for your attention to this very important issue.  JForney 
  Steve, Check this out-  does this have any truth to it? JMF 
   Corry, Can you add me as a trader in Enpower under Ercot Asset?    Also,  please add Alex McElreath as a trader under Teco Services. Additionally,   Alex is not able to get into Lotus Notes and, ultimately,   East Power Scheduling Discussion. Jeff Miller needs access to East Power discussion - he has Lotus Notes.  Thanks, JMF 
 Lloyd, I spoke with Steve directly about Kevin's e-mail and concerns.    Steve said that Dan of C.O.B contacted him,  inquiring about job opportunities here.     Steve did mention to Dan that "someone" from their shop had already inquired.   He was not specific.    Dan,  evidently,  figured who this was (not very hard)  and spread the word at the COB office.   Subsequently,   Dan and Brandon sent their resumes.  I have spoken directly with Steve about this issue.  I also have put out a note to the group which I copied you on.    Clearly,  this is unacceptable and Steve has apologized.  How do you feel about this: if we hire Kevin,  then this problem somewhat goes away.    I need someone immediately and Kevin could be plugged right in,  similar to Alex.     I know that Kevin may not be a solid fit for the trader track program,  but I am needing some help pretty quick.  Let me know - sorry for the very awkward  situation.  JMF 
 Had to copy you on this......dont be offended,  my friend is from Shreveport. JMF 
   Jerry, Take a look and check to see if I missed anything.    Also,  I would assume that you have some additional energy to sell for hour ending 7&8  and he 22.   Is that true?  Thanks, JMF 
   Jerry, Lets try this one: 
   I am scheduled to be out of the office for a few days in late August.    The dates are specifically 8/22, 23 and 24th.  Thanks, JMF 
 Lloyd,  Do you have time to meet with George at noon today?   I am going to talk with him again at this time.  JMF 
 Michael, how do you know which deals are the options if they are entered as forwards? I input into the comments,  but I was about to ask how these options get trued up.  Thanks, JMF 
 Hour ending 3 for 5 mw's has been confirmed with HLP. HE 3  was 60 mw's originally,  but was cut intra hour.   The integrate mw's are 10mw'w and are reflected on revised oasis request 4405.  HLP agrees with this.  JMF 
   Amy, How's it going?    I was wondering how Jeremy was doing.      Is there anything I can help with on an "unofficial" basis? It would seem that he has a decision to make,  though I havent heard of his progress lately.  Did you have your vacation yet?  JMF 
  Lloyd, George has departed for his planned vacation.   He will be back on the 30th, per his voice mail. I bring him in at that time.    JMF 
   Please see the attached that weve discussed.  Please note what is contained on the sheets on the bottom of the tool.  Thanks, JMF 
   We must notify the Control room (GENCO)  personnel concerning any deviation from the preschedule. For example,   when we have availability,    or even "must sell"  situations off of Frontera,  the Control Room must revise their Resource Plan.    They need to revise in order to prevent an Area Control Error problem.  They have the same deadline (two hours before hour ending)  that we face in submitting QSE trades - give them timely info so that they can get their side in.   For now,  you can use the Stento (dial 5 432) or telephone 877-294-3900.     Of course,  you can just knock on the door. In Ercot only,   we are allowed to exchange information with the control room.    No other region has this capability.   Thanks, JMForney 
   Pete, Do me a favor;   e-mail me your question and I'll work to get an "official" answer.      Remember that although we will get an answer,   the invoice may appear somewhat different. Of course,  the tariff overrules any answer that we may receive.  Thanks, JMF 
   The internet address for the Ercot Portal:  https://portla.ercot.com 
   Samuel, Please add the following names to the list of traders that have access to the new Ercot Imbalance and EPMI Ercotpool counterparties:  Eric Saibi Alex McElreath Joe Errigo Steve Olinde Joe Capasso Jeff Miller  We will need to add more in the near future.   Please let me know when this is completed.  Thanks, JForney 3-7160 
 George, Give me a call and we will further discuss opportunities on the 13st floor.  Thanks, JMForney 3-7160 
 When do you want to come?  The wife and I are expecting you and Richter this week. I will be working some nasty hours this week due to the new market opening.  Let me know.....  JMF 
   Jerry, Please see the attached:  JMF 
   TJ - How many spots does the Ercot RT group have for the LV trip in October?  JMF 
  Lloyd, We received this from Preston.     Everyone on this distribution list would assume that EES is waiting on information from us. We are still awaiting meaningful data from Narsimha/Preston. I am going to discuss this with Narsimha. I feel like a reply is warranted,  as we are making no headway on this project.  I fear for Preston if he is to work with me in the future.  JMF 
  Lloyd, FYI  JMF 
   Rogers, Customers call 	quite often to inquire about Retail Service.    Is there a single contact person that we can transfer them to? I talk to someone different each time from EES. I'd like to get a procedure in place for the floor so no one gets lost frmo the outside.  Let me know what you think,  JMF 
 Hourly deals should be under Teco SVC the majority of the time.    However,  at times Enron's option (under Ercot Asset book)  will be long into the Real Time market. This is Frontera generation,  but Enron bought it in the form of the option. You will see deals of this type for today under the Ercot Asset.  So hourly deals: Teco Services - 99% of time Ercot Asset - 1 % Hrly Ercot - NEVER 
 2001-08-01 09:09:10: [Add Bilat] Ercot_BilateralAgreement::DataValidationEx= ception:insert: Severity: E, Code: 500 Context: Class: BalancedSchedule DAY= : 20010801 INTERVAL: 1015 TYPE: ENE RESOURCE_MW: 100 PROVIDER: 177198629 PR= OVIDER_TY: QSE PCMZONE: NORTH2001 OBLIGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIV= ER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVI= DER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: 195 RECEIVER: 1039= 940672000 RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH2001 RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RES= OURCE_MW: 25 PROVIDER: 8008717662000 PROVIDER_TY: QSE PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OB= LIGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: = null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE:= null OBLIGATION_MW: 50 RECEIVER: 968909739 RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH= 2001 RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: 220 PROVIDER: 1127108762000 PRO= VIDER_TY: QSE PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OBLIGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVE= R_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVID= ER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: 100 RECEIVER: 04322= 68852000 RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH2001 RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESO= URCE_MW: 50 PROVIDER: 0079360732000 PROVIDER_TY: QSE PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OBL= IGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: n= ull DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: = null OBLIGATION_MW: 300 RECEIVER: 006979876 RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH= 2001 RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: 400 PROVIDER: 848921276 PROVIDE= R_TY: QSE PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OBLIGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY= : null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: = null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: 100 RECEIVER: 009350179= RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH2001 RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW:= 275 PROVIDER: 0156352202100 PROVIDER_TY: QSE PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OBLIGATION= _MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYN= AMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OB= LIGATION_MW: 50 RECEIVER: 006249189 RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH2001 RRS= _TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: 50 PROVIDER: 007931728 PROVIDER_TY: QSE= PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OBLIGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RC= MZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROV= IDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: 150 RECEIVER: 175315746 RECEIVER= _TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH2001 RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: 100 PROV= IDER: 361439698 PROVIDER_TY: QSE PCMZONE: SOUTH2001 OBLIGATION_MW: null REC= EIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOU= RCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: = 275 RECEIVER: 884780743 RECEIVER_TY: QSE RCMZONE: SOUTH2001 RRS_TYPE: null = DYNAMIC: F Message: AT [20010801 0908] the day ahead Market IS NOT OPEN TO = receive schedules OF TYPE [ENE] FOR [20010801 1015] 2001-08-01 09:09:10: [Submitted] Error encountered submitting to database. 
  Lloyd, I received this from Preston.    It appears now that they wish to choose the customers that will switch. We were of the understanding that we were to pick the customer based upon the information that EES was to provide. We havent received the necessary information,  so no choice has been made yet.  Please see the attached and let me know your comments.  JMF 
 Scott, I heard that the TPC was in decent shape.    Are you planning on playing on Saturday in the morning or afternoon? How many people do you have in the group?  JForney 713-853-7160 
    Jerrry,  See the attached megawatt awards for tomorrow.    We are talking with the Ercot staff regarding the settlement of this and the	OOM  (Out of Merit)  decrease for today.   It is our understanding,  per the protocols,  that when we are dispatched down the ISO keeps our $35  scheduled sale  whole.    We are paid this revenue stream (by our sale counterparty) PLUS the greater of:  the applicable balancing energy price for that hour or zero.    If you are decreased by 50 mw's for an hour you receive: $35 sale + balancing $33.50 = 68.50/mw for not running your plant.  For the capacity tomorrow, We will reserve the mw's below and possibly sell the rest.    The Resource Plan is increased to reflect 400 mw's plus the awarded megs for each hour.    The EMS will only show 400 mw until we get deployed. At the time of deployment,  we also receive the balancing energy price for the hour exercised. We bid in a  Non-spin product which requires us to respond within 30 ".   They can take partial hours, at their option.  I hope this helps.  JFORNEY Director, EPMI 
  Jerry, Please disregard the explanation of the OOM power settlement.     The ISO called us at 7:15 pm and explained a different scenario altogether.   We need to discuss this further. Sorry for the confusion.  JForney 
 Thanks for your reply. Here's what I have learned from our conversation: Since I have not gotten a specific response from my customers,  my spots were "captured" by Don and Juan's group? I acknowledge that I have not relayed specific names for Reliant and TXU, as they havent responded after many calls,   but did not receive notice that I was to lose my spots. I expected to be able to include my employees,  as Juan and Don have now done with my spots.  Don and Juan have invited my employee,  Steve Olinde,  with one of my original spots.   He will attend.  I am not trying to give you a hard time,  but I need to know who authorized filling my spots?  JMF 
   Ben, Could you come by,  I have a question about rearranging our phone turrets.  Thanks, JMForney 
 Scott, The wife is out of town until Saturday night.    I can play alot of golf on Saturday,  but I need to spend time with the wife on Sunday.     I will be available for the golf marathon on Saturday.    I have one player for Saturday morning,  but I dont have a player for Sat. afternoon yet, although I have another co-worker who is interested. Should I fill this spot as well?  JMF 
 youre an animal  jmf 
 cant even go to the head.  thanks for the offer anyway.  JMF 
  Ben, as discussed,  please move the four Ercot lines to the front page for the listed people below.       Also,  to the extent possible,   add the E lines.  These guys are prioritized as follows:  John Forney Eric Saibi Steve Olinde Joe Capasso (new to group) Alex McElreath Jeff Miller Smith Day Joe Errigo 
   Dahlke,  I purchased a gas deal,   10,000 mmbtud - HSC for 7/10-7/31 for $3.15.   I bought this through Doug G-S. Wont you take the final prints for each day and calc profitability for me,  or how do you do this?  Please give me some money  JMF 
 HOW WAS THE TRADITION COURSE?  ARE YOU GOLFED OUT YET?    I DIDNT DO ANYTHING SATURDAY NIGHT.  JMF 
 Rebecca, We have heard that the resource imbalance was pretty high.     We will discuss this with you.   We definitely dont want to talk to Teco/Frontera until we get a handle on this. We will come by this afternoon.  JMF 
 I left you a request over a week ago concerning clarification of your question. Could you please present your question in written form as a reply to this e-mail? If I cannot answer the question,  then I will get an answer from our Ercot Rep.  The Ercot Settlement Statements have just arrived and we are breaking them down to ensure that they Protocols are being followed. This is what is complicated as Ercot doesnt yet know their own rules.  Let me know what you have.  JMF 3-7160 
 TJ: Please make sure that the Ercot RC is not billed for our portion of the customer trip.   If I can assist with this accounting,  let me know.    I dont wish to subsidize the other Hourly traders who are now able to attend this customer meeting at my expense.  In the future,   I need to be aware of any decisions that will adversely affect me or my group. I am a Commercial Director and no one below this rank should be making decisions on my behalf without my knowledge.  I do realize what a large undertaking this trip was.   We werent able to secure a commitment from customers,  but I was confident that our spots could be filled internally ( with our group members).    I am sure that the overall headcount for this trip did not change,  rather the allocation to each group was changed.  My goal is not to give you a hard time - I dont usually mention rank or make much of a big deal out of anything. But I do expect a certain amount of respect given my rank,  profitability and that I have been here 8 years. I try to extend the same courtesy to you and your staff.  JMF 
   Johnny, What is the status of George?   I think that you have been speaking with Lloyd Will concerning bringing him over from EES.   George is inquiring about his status and wants to know whether he should mention anything to EES.    I would think not, at this time. Lloyd is out of town until Monday,  so I am trying to follow up on his behalf.   Thanks, JForney 3/7160 
  Johnny, I just received this from Lloyd.   I dont want to cause any double coverage by HR, so you might want to check with Kim. Thanks! 
  Mark, I called earlier today and left a lengthy phone message........sorry about that - we had a trading issue in the middle of my conversation with you.  Anyway,  I received the following question from some of our Retail folks. If you could help answer this question I would really appreciate it. Jeff Miller and I are planning to visit Austin next Friday to discuss Settlements.   We look forward to meeting you. Are you a golfer?   We may try to play Friday afternoon.  JForney 
 Here you go:  There is no banking mechanism.    If A&B are net long,  they receive the balancing energy price for all of their mw's.   If C & D are short,   then their short position is covered by the Ercot ISO;    C & D are charged the balancing energy price plus replacement reserve /mw.  If the money, at the end of the day,   is insufficient to pay A&B,  then this full cost will be allocated on a load share ratio basis.     This charge will be allocated under the UFE (unaccounted for energy) charge type. If C & D serve load,  then they will share the expense of paying for the balancing energy price to A & B.      A & B escapes this expense allocation, as they do not serve load.   JForney 
   Kim, Keenon has been recommended to Doug as a possiblity in RT.   I think our roster has been filled out,  however,  I had promised this guy an interview before I knew that Lloyd had lifted some people. Can we schedule an interview with Keenon,  as I think that he is a strong prospect.  I will send you a copy of his resume via office mail.     He can be reached at 713-410-2255.  Please let me know what you think.  Thanks, JForney 
 Doug, I am planning on attending this settlements deal;  we plan on meeting Mark Patterson there. JMF 
   Rebecca, pls see the attached for our expectation of imbalance for 8/2. 
   Ercot is now requiring that we fill out and fax the attached form to  them when we have imported/exported across one of the DC ties. The file is located in:  M:electric/24hour/ercot/dc schedlist.spreadsheet.   Please update tag number,  megawatts (positive for exports, negative for imports),   and total number of schedules. 
 Thanks Lance, I have a question:  on the Ercot transmission outage  page,   the TU  Bellmead station is listed as having trouble - the buss is damaged due to storm.    Is this the reason that there are TU CSC's, as mentioned on the Ercot conference call?  The station is to be out until August 10th.  We have had a significant price split and I think that this might be the specific reason. I have tried powerworld,  but I couldnt turn off this station.  What do you think?  JMF 
  Frontera is long hour ending 7-11 by 5 mw';s.    This has been scheduled into the North 2001 zone on behalf of Teco Services.    Please sell this power for > $5,  if possible. Use your judgement - let me know if you have questions.  Please cut the imbalance deal and replace with the new sale.  Thanks, JMF 
   Attention: The Ercot ISO has been settling our trades scheduled to the North by giving us the West or South Balancing Energy price.      We have officially disputed this allocation, as we believe that we would,  at most,  incur a load deviation imbalance in the North zone (to be settled in the North). Again,  a purchase in the South scheduled to our load in the North is receiving the South or West prices.  We are awaiting Ercot's explanation.  Until further notice,  do not schedule energy from the South or West to the North.         You may still engage in intrazonal, or same zone,   trades (QSE to QSE ).  What IS permitted is imported from outside Ercot into the North zone.     The DC tie is in the North and we should stay aggressive,  working with the SPP team to secure transmission to and from Ercot.    When in doubt,   wake me up.  Update:  At 6 pm,  our Rep from Ercot agreed that the schedule mentioned above should have load imbalance assessed at the NORTH price.     However,   I still cannot accept his answer as the gospel,  as any written interpretation of their tariff will always overrule our guy.   I will advise when it is safe to re-enter the water,  but for now:   EVERYBODY OUT OF THE POOL!   JMF 
  NEVER FEED STRAY ANIMALS -  THEY KEEP COMING BACK 
   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
   We are required to input down balancing bids for all generators that we represent.     Every morning it is especially important that we have a DBES bid input for Frontera. We should have balancing bids in for all hours,  but we are most likely to be deployed in the morning hours. We are required to monitor the Deployment instructions and communicate any instructions to Jerry Watson @ Teco/Frontera.  Frontera is willing to pay a max of $10 to decrease their gen.    This bid tells Ercot that we are willing to pay up to $10 for Ercot to fill our schedule during the time that we are being "balanced down."  We should never see prices below $10 without being deployed down.     If this situation happens,  we have to explain to Frontera why we didnt get selected by the ISO. This is an important part of the Services side of our business,  and is the only way that we get paid on these type transactions.   If anyone has any questions on this, please give me a call as this is very important to all of us.'   JMF 
  Lloyd, Do you want to answer George's questions, or do you want me to handle this?  JMF 
   Samuel, The traders listed above are not valid in Enpower as traders under the following books:  Ercot Hourly Teco Services   Please have them added asap,  or if you could,  let me know who is responsible for making this change.   Thanks Samuel,  JMF 
   Take a look at this,  add or format ( add to letterhead, etc)   as necessary. Let me know what you think. 
 I will not be in the office on Thursday or Friday.   I will be attending a meeting in Austin.  JMF 
   I will be attending Ercot meetings in Austin Thursday and Friday of this week.   I can be reached by cell phone.   Thanks, JForney 
    Jerry - My trader,  Eric,  was able to sell the he 7-11 5 mw's for $14.   Please see the attached:   JMF 
 Please see the attached   Thanks, JMF 
 doing well in the book.   spread options coming in well,   real time going very well.    same old stuff. very much deja vu. golf is very good,  as I get to play more often.  how is it going for you? 
 I can meet with Keenon today or tomorrow. I will be out of the office Wed-Fri.  Thanks, JMF 
 1.00 PM IS FINE   JMF 
 Ercot has a problem that could cause us great financial pain: Sometimes when we are  submitting an hourly schedule, through the Ercot Portal,  the Day-ahead schedules are affected. Mismatches for every counterparty occur.     We are subject to the hourly price for mismatches and this could prove extremely costly, even for one hour. Eric Saibi spoke with the Ercot help desk who indicated that the problem was on our side.  I called Ercot  and after some time,  they relayed that they were experiencing server problems.  Attached below is the ticket number related to this problem.   If this occurs again,   make sure that you reference this number.  Thanks, JMF 
 Erik, I will be available earlier than 5:30 for an informal discussion.  I will be in the office Monday and Tuesday of this week.   I will be out the remainder of the week on vacation. Let me know if this works.  JForney 
   George, I have been out of the office on Ercot business since Thursday of last week.   Sorry for the delay. Lloyd and I would like for your start date to be on September 1st, if possible .    Actually,  two weeks notice would fall on September 3rd,  I believe.    Thanks, JMF 
 David, we often trade with EPMI, as they may be the best bid on any given day.      So,   the language should apply.  Thx, JMF 
 Today would be fine.  Between 12-1pm. I can sit with you for an informal meeting and see where it goes.   I am located at 3111e.  Thanks, JForney 
  That is fine.  JMF 
  thanks BOYYYYYYYYYYY 
 WAS THIS NOT CANCELLED? 
   Narsimha - Can we get together to discuss how best to serve your retail load?     I think this simple process has been complicated by the number of players involved. We will give you any structure that you need and provide transparency as to how we do what we do.   What more is there?  I have heard that this could start as early as September,  but we are still a bit short on detail.     If we started in September,  I would envision passing local charges, congestion,   etc to EES.    We would schedule your hedges,  your load and cover any remaining balance (or not) with respect to load zone. We would provide scheduling services,  settlements and   24 hour coverage to handle any  contingencies that might occur.  I look forward to working with you on this issue.  Give me a call when you get a chance.  Thanks, JForney 
 I played the last four days: barton creek in Austin ColoVista in Bastrop (near Austin) Fish Creek Fish Creek yesterday.  I am hitting the ball alot better and starting to make some putts.   I wont be around this weekend,   as I am vacationing down in South Padre Island for the next few days. We need to take that boat out so I can show you around Galveston.    Fishing is good and you can pull up to certain restaraunts on the water. Let me know when you wanna go.  JMF 
 We have not scheduled this load as of yet.   I met with Narasimha yesterday in order to cut through the b.s. and get at least a rudimentary plan in place. Here it is: By 7am - EES submits to us their  load plan / hedges - EES to use their forecast initially. We cover open position and submit schedules to Ercot We monitor Real Time and handle continigencies Wholesale settlement provided,   ancillary service charges , local congestion,  etc is to be passed to EES.  Narasimha will provide the load info and we are projecting a September 1st start  at the latest.  We are preparing a term sheet today that will reflect the basic requirements above.    We will certainly add more complexity to this deal in the form of fixing exposure to A/S and other charges. We are prepared to go forward with this immediately.  JMF 
   http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/portal/default.aspx 
  Scott, I dont get discounted tickets,  but occasionally someone will offer them for sale on the e-bulletin board. I'll keep an eye out for you.  JMF 
   Kim, Havent talked to you for awhile.    Hope everything is going well. I do have a question about who will be doing my review.     Also,  dont we still have a rating system?     I would like to see my entire review and have the opportunity to sign off on it. Also,  is it possible for me to review my personel file?   Is this within company policy?  Lastly,   can you provide to me a copy of my contract?    Mine is packed in a box somewhere due to the move.  Thank you for your time.  JMF 
 Perfect.   Thanks. I can review the folder anytime this week.  Thanks again JMF 
 sorry for the delay in providing feedback; i have been out of the office. the confirms look good and I am ok with sending them out. if you have any questions, give me a call  jmf 
 scrub yourself down 
 what is the latest with you?   i talked with wolfey the other day and wished him well.   i'm  sure that our paths will cross again some day.  also josh bengson called me yesterday.   it was good to hear from him - he is doing well. we still want some pictures of your kids;  19 south altwood circle the woodlands tx 77382  give me an update of the EES situation.  JMF 
   Que paso amigo? hope the family is doing well.     things are shaping up pretty well here financially- everyone doing well trading. Sorry to hear about the Wolf departure.  have you bought that guitar yet?  jmf 
 Mikey, Where are you?  JMF 
   We are doing a good job in deal entry accuracy.    I have had few instances where I am asked by Risk Mgmt to troubleshoot problems,  as had been the case the previous months. GOOD JOB !  Please stay focused on this   JMF 
   Lloyd, Frontera needs a portal so that they may submit outage schedules for their plant.        We, as the QSE,   arent able to submit this, per Protocols.  Thanks, JMF 
   Yesterday the Frontera plant was idle due to economics.   We had  submitted a Resource Plan (this indicates to Ercot what we plan to generate) with zero mw's and zero premium  because the unit was offline.   In the Resource Plan,  we can  attach a premium for OOM up or down.   In the plan for yesterday we indicated that our unit was "unavailable and offline". The plant personel are responsible for submitting an outage schedule with Ercot - this cannot be completed by the QSE.  Ercot called yesterday and asked if we could start the unit if they needed us to.   We called Jerry Watson (with Frontera) and he relayed that this was possible.   Ercot immediately OOM'd us up 135 mw's, beginning hour ending 13,  to control congestion.   They later upped this to 185 mw's for the remainder of the day, through 2400. I called Mark Patterson, who is our Ercot Rep.,  and I explained the situation.   I wished to know how they could OOM us if we were offline.   I also wanted to know how this would settle.  His reply is as follows:  Since we indicated verbally that we could run the plant,  that changed our status from unavailable to available. Since we had an implied low premium (zero)  on our plant,  we were high in the OOM stack and were called upon. We would receive only the mcp for our power because we had no premium indicated.  The mcp was low all day ( mid teens)  yesterday. If we had been OOM'd up and could not recover our startup & gen costs,  we could dispute the bill and provide sufficient documentation to recover, at most, our costs.    We immediately revised our Resource Plan and indicated 185 mw's available  with a $50 premium.    This invoked the Protocol provisions requiring them to pay us the 18 heat rate times gas costs. The Protocol section dealing with OOM up payments is found under section 6.8.2.2.   Please review this to understand why this applies.    This was a very educational process.    We think that in revising our Resource Plan "on the fly"  we were able to turn a bad situation into a profitable day for Frontera.   Until further notice, the following policy should be implemented:  If Frontera is offline and Ercot calls to ask about the availability.    Say the unit is NOT available.  If Frontera is scheduled to run, need to input into the Resource Plan the following premiums:  $50 premium for OOM up. $10 premium for OOM down.  These premiums will be added to the mcp and will be used to determine our place in the merit order. If we are OOM'd up,   the premium will require that the heat rate formula is invoked.  If we are OOM'd down,  then we should be paid the mcp + premium.  Please call me if you have questions,  J. Forney Director,  Enron Ercot Region 713-853-7160 
   There is length for the offpeak scheduled in the North and South.   LET IT RIDE, no adjustment is necessary.  Ercot Asset is long 50 mw from 12-23 in the North.   We will monitor and sell hourly,  as needed.  Thanks, JMF 
 I want to go to this! 
   Victor, Thanks for calling today.   Obviously this hasnt been the best day in my 8 year career with Enron! I have attached my resume for your review.    I am interested in talking to you in more detail at your convenience.  Thanks again, JForney cell phone 713-412-7529 
   Jerry, Please see the attached spreadsheet for tomorrow. We booked you out on the Enron option for $22.25.    So,  we are selling you next day for $22.25. Also,  to fill Mirant's call for 12-22 we purchased $23 power from Aquila.    This should get you flat for the day.  We will not run tomorrow,  as of now.    We will reflect this in the Resource Plan and reflect that the unit is unavailable and offline. 
  For all that have missed the floor meeting,   we have been downgraded to "junk" status,  ending our merger plans and crushing our stock price. A likely scenario would have us declaring bankruptcy within a few days.     Payroll is said to be funded until the end of the month, at least. If bankruptcy is filed,  payroll should be covered. Another very real option is that the trading floor could be parcelled and sold to an outside company.   There are discussion underway that deal with this possibility.  Currently,  we are not trading.    We need to continue to report to work and keep a log of Real Time prices.    Continue to update the Hourly Prices sheet for a record of prices.    We may need these prices as support for liquidated damages.  More counterparties will be defaulting and cutting schedules.     Please make note of such cuts and prepare to bill LD's.   We have prepared a cut log for this purpose.  JMF 
   Shane, Thanks for your inquiry.   See the attachment and let me know if your company has questions.  JForney 
   Shane, Thanks for your inquiry.   If you have additional questions,  please ask.  JForney 
 Kayla, LCRA exercised their option for tomorrow,  11/30.   See deal no.  882244. I dont remember whether this gets trued up or not.   Im sure it does.  Call if you have questions. JMF 
 Deb and I think of you guys from time to time.     I am looking for a new gig as well.    Enron Texas is having a great year again trading,  but I am somehow out of work (out of credit, at least).     Stay in touch and good luck. JForney 
   Mark, Please see the attached resume that details my professional experience.      I can be reached by cell phone,   713-412-7529 to answer any questions you may have. My home number is 281-419-4388.  Thanks for your interest.  JForney Director,  Ercot Trading 
   Victor, We spoke  a couple of days ago concerning employment opportunities at LCRA.    Do you have any questions about the resume that I sent? I can supply additional info or answer questions,  as necessary. I was also wondering what specifically LCRA was looking for.     I have QSE experience and am familiar with Ercot billing. Addtionally,  I have some extremely capable co-workers that would be interested in talking with your firm.     Our Ercot team has been profitable and is extremely motivated.  Let me know if we have something in common.  Thanks, John Forney Director,  Ercot Trading 713-412-7529 281-419-4388 
   Josh, Thanks for the inquiry.     I have attached my resume and if you could pass it on, I would appreciate it. Thanks again and I'll be talking to you soon.  JForney 
   Julie, Please see my resume, as attached.    I would be able to meet Frank Busot and others this week or next,  at their convenience. Please note that I would prefer to travel out of Bush Intercontinental Airport, as it is very close to my home.  Thanks for your interest and let me know if I can provide more information to your company.  John Forney Director, Enron North America 
   Madhup, I apologize for your situation,  given the strong performance and effort that I have witnessed from you.   You are a true professional and I know that things will work out for the better.    I expect to know my own status later this week.  Here is my contact info: cell: 713-412-7529 home:  281-419-4388 e-mail:  fourknees@msn.com   Please see the attached resume and I look forward to speaking with you soon (even if it is over a beer).   JMF 
   I have entered an annuity from Doug's book to Paul's to account for imbalance losses due to the September 11th tragedy. Annuity number 774083,  dated 9/12 will transfer a total of $67,530.15.  See the attached spreadsheet.  JMF 
   What up badeer? 
 It doesnt take you long to respond to a slam.    of course, no details of our discussion were mentioned to badeer - i told bobby that you sounded like you came from a bar the last time i talked to you. i am flying out of state for an interview on monday.    i expect to fly again later next week. i am still interested in being a part of a leaner trade floor at Enron,  but this proposition is less likely than my leaving.    the creditors and the bankruptcy judge are not that likely to approve good bonuses for performers, in my opinion.      We will be dogged with credit issues and lawsuits for a long time. what do you think? 
 Greetings:  My name is John Forney and I am currently an employee of Enron North America.   I am a Woodlands resident and take great interest in employment opportunities withyour company.  I have been involved, primarily,  in electricity and gas trading.     I also have gas purchase and natural gas pipeline experience. I have a proven track record of success and look forward to new challenges.  I have attached my resume which details my  experience and capabilities.    If you have further interest in talking with me,  please contact me at 713-853-7160 or 281-419-4388.  Thanks for your time,  John Forney Director,  Ercot Trading 
 We understood,  at the time,   that the test was going well.     This is Frontera's test to continue to bid in replacement and non-spin. JMF 
 thank you 
  havent talked to you for awhile. hope everything is going as well as can be.. i have a biz question:   is the cash balance plan safe?  jmf 
  george,  here is some info... 
   Frank, Thanks for meeting with me yesterday.   I am impressed with your operation and the people who will be building this from the ground up. I'm sure we will be talking again soon.    I regret that I wasnt able to stay longer and possibly catch some specs.  Thanks again,  John Forney 
  Allan, I havent heard anything from Anadarko,  but I am talking to several other players.    There is a possibility that I will be relocating to Tampa Florida or possibly back to Oregon.	Thanks for passing my info along and inquiring as to my situation.      We still need to make time for that beer.   I get out of work very early each day, as our trading opportunities are severely limited.  I would like to pass on a couple of resumes from two of my friends that were released at Enron.      My friend has some solid accounting background and his wife worked in HR as a specialist.    They are a Woodlands couple and would like to avoid that crappy drive to Houston.  I know that Anadarko is probably being swamped with resumes,  but I didnt know if your department had specific needs that may match what Jim has to offer.  This guy is extremely detail oriented and capable. If you could review and pass these on,  I would really appreciate it:  this is my golfing buddy and he cant play anymore if he isnt working.  Just kidding  Tell me what is happening with you.  ( I still dont miss Koch,  but I miss working 8 - 9 hour days!).  I think that Mike Eiben has been long gone from Enron.   I had been looking for him before the layoffs,  but hadnt been able to find him in the voice directory, etc.  Call or e-mail and I will meet at Buffalo Wild Wings or somewhere else.  We dont have to talk about work.....no,   lets not talk about work!  Thanks,  JMF 
   I have a 1:10 t time for Windrose on Sat.    I have a 3:1 coupon that will reduce the expense to $51 pp + tax. Let me know if you can go.   JMF 
   Rob, attached are my friend's resumes.     i also added mine for your critique.   Let me know what you think. I need to talk to you about negotiating a new deal;   unfortunately it looks as if I may be leaving the state,  either to Florida or back to Oregon.  The offers are starting to come in,  but I dont want to leave anything on the table.   Need your advice,  so let's have that beer! 
  Frank, I spoke with Victoria Bender and Julie Gildea yesterday.   Julie expects to send me some info today. I will be out of the office after lunch today,  so it would be best if she sends e-mail to my home address,  fourknees@msn.com  My cell phone will also be on,  the number is 713-412-7529.   Thanks, JMF 
  Amy, do you have time to meet with me for 15 minutes?  thanks, jmf 
 yep 
 cant make it tonight.   this is my 13th anniversary with the wife.    i am going to humble for some dinner. we are going to florida on wednesday and will return on sunday. the company down there is flying us out to take a closer look at the area.  it looks as if i have sold the audi.     a guy put a deposit down on it today and i am supposed to meet him tomorrow. lets golf soon. jmf 
  Isac's last day  was November 6th.   He took a job with Vitol, in the oil trading area.  I dont recall who his HR rep was.  Hope this helps,  JMF 
 http://www.co.montgomery.tx.us/webwiz/wwiz.asp?wwizmstr=WEB.CRT.STATEMENT&V1=00.9715.23.04800 
 Yes, but we are consistenly being OOMC'd,  so it's kind of an ongoing question. Thanks, JMF 
 Cant - I have friends coming in from Calgary.       I went to a great course yesterday;   Glenloch Farms is not too far from the Woodlands and was a cool layout.   We will have to go when I get free.  JMF 
   We are short the following schedule to Stec:  he 13 -10 mw's he 14 - 20 he 15 - 30 he 16 thru 21 - 40 mw's he 22 - 30 mw's he 23 - 25mw's   If you fill this schedule,   reduce the purchase that is in the Portal and replace with the new source.   Thanks,  JMF 
   I need some support on this: For the last two weeks,  Ercot has been giving us OOMC orders.     They have told us to run the plant, without question.     We have asked them whether they mean OOME when we run.    To a man,   the Ercot dispatch guys have said that OOMC means to run, they want the power. I have launched three e-mails (requesting clarification)  to Mark Patterson,  starting weeks ago on this issue.    Yesterday,   I caught Mark by phone at 5:30pm.  Mark consulted with his operations group and determined that we had been OOMC'd and we should run,  but they are not going to pay us the hr calc. They said that OOMC means run and we are supposed to sell this power.     This confusion on our part will prove costly to Frontera as they will be paid the imbalance, instead of the heat rate calc.       We cannot sell in the offpeak hours for greater than $5.      It costs us $26 to generate power.  Mark said " dont worry, at worst case you can file for reimbursement."     Mark also said that we will get paid for the capacity. But what???  It is my opinion that it is no accident that Ercot was vague on this issue.     They want to penalize us if we dont run,  and if we do ,  we will lose money. We then file to get a break-even rebate.  They are acquiring ancillary reserves for free and not even paying for the energy component.  I realize that these issues will be discussed in the Tuesday meeting and I will provide examples, as requested by Ercot.  I need some support from the protocols and I need some suggestions.   I  do not want to allow these guys to game us anymore. We will be more vocal in this meeting.    If no resolution is reached,  I vote for ignoring their OOM instructions. I need a ruling on whether they can force us to lose money.  Thanks,  JForney 
 Thank you Bill!  JMForney 
   David, I need some help with an Ercot protocol interpretation:  Frontera has been issued  OOMC requests by the ISO on numerous occasions, starting September 14th.    This Out of Merit request is issued if no mkt bids exist to solve congestion, whether local or zonal. The OOMC, as I understand it,  reserves capacity for Ercot and the premium is predetermined based on a formula mentioned in the protocols.   The formula is based on the replacement reserve clearing price,  which currently is zero.   This is because the replacement reserve market is non-existent.  An announcement on how the OOMC capacity payments will be calculated is due out this week,  per Mark Patterson.  The second component of this option is OOME.    This is a request for actual energy related to the OOMC option.   The strike price is calculated from a preset heat rate multiplied by the HSC daily price, as mentioned in the protocols.  So the OOMC/OOME ws designed to work like the ancillary services with a capacity award and an energy component.  I think that this is the spirit of the OOM's, as mentioned in Section 6 of the Protocols.   Here is the problem: the head of Ercot Market Operations,  John Adams,  interprets the protocols to mean that OOMC requries the plant to be generating.     When Ercot dispatchers had issued an OOMC,  they quickly followed up to ask us why we were not generating into the grid. We explained to them, on numerous occasions,  that we dont believe OOMC means run.   If they wanted us to run,  then they would need to issue an OOME for the actual energy component.    I asked my employees to clarify with Ercot whether we were being asked to run,  yes or no.    When instructed to run by Ercot,  we had to assume that we were settled based upon the OOME calc, as we were previously under OOMC orders.  I sent at least three e-mails to my Ercot rep,  Mark Patterson regarding this issue.   I finally caught him by phone and he relayed that he thought Ercot's  intrepretation was correct.    For all of the times that we ran,  at their request,  we werent going to be paid based on the OOME heat rate calc,  rather we were going to receive the balancing energy price ( a penalty for Resource Imbalance).   For example,  in the early morning hours we would receive as little as $1 for electricity that cost $27 to generate.   Mark also mentioned that when they said run,  they expected us to sell to someone else,  or just generate into the imbalance.    Mark told me "dont worry,  you can file to receive your generation expenses in the event that you lost money."    Here is my view: OOMC does not mean run.  It means have the capacity available in the event Ercot calls,  much like replacement,  responsive reserve and non-spinning. Ercot's interpretation is being decided by the Manager of Mkt Operations,  a group supposedly unconcerned with price. If OOMC means to run,  then why would the protocols contemplate, or need OOME?  They would never have to pay OOME if we were already running into the imbalance. OOMC is an option and the exercise is OOME.   This is basically the disagreement.    This could very well be a $500,000 issue for Frontera. Why would anyone generate for $27 and dump to the imbalance mkt at $5 in hopes of filing for a "breakeven."   Ridiculous.  I spoke with Bill Kettlewell with Customer Relations and he had "no comment" on whether OOMC means to generate.  Mark Patterson now also has "no comment." Bill and Mark said that we needed to file a dispute in order to receive closure on the OOM capacity payment.   I suspect that we will follow this same path when we file for OOME reimbursement vs.  the imbalance price we will receive.  I had instructed my employeess to refuse to turn on the plant   (in response to an OOMC) until we receive an OOME instruction.   This has compelled  Ercot to deploy an OOME request to us, because they need  to have us online to control local congestion.   Would this not be an omission that their view was incorrect?  Section 5.4.4 says that a QSE may fail to comply with an Ercot directive if it causes a safety concern, or ,  Ercot is not in compliance with the Protocols.  The latter is in effect. Ercot is now telling us that they cannot instruct us, or give us an OOME deployment,  unless we are already runnnig.    I think that this is a software issue, not a protocol issue. We worked out an interim compromise with Ercot until this issue can be settled.  Once we have been OOMC'd,  we will start to gen.   Once we reach full load,  we will request an OOME.   If they dont comply,  we will shut down the unit.    Ercot said that " it was entirely reasonable that we would  request to be compensated in the form of an OOME." The Ercot dispatchers are complaining that OOME requires them to send an instruction every 15 minutes.   Is this why we are not getting the OOME instruction on a regular basis?  Finally,  I stressed to Ercot that I wasnt trying to manipulate prices, via OOME or force Ercot into a corner.    It just is not the right economic environment to generate for $27 and sell for $5.    Further,  operations personell at Ercot have frelayed their displeasure with me for "forcing them to OOME our plant."  Can I get an opinion on whether OOMC means to run?   If you agree with me,  what is our next step?  I need to move aggressively on this issue.  Thanks,   JForney 37160 
 This is a start.   I am having our Regulatory guy review our OOMC/OOME situation.  Thanks, JForney 
 Please update your phone list with Frontera's new numbers.   They would prefer that we use the toll free number.  Thanks, JMF 
  Please check out the following.     The agreement I reached with Ercot/Frontera yesterday is as follows: When we receive an OOMC,  we will crank up the plant then call Ercot and request an OOME once the plant is online. If Ercot doesnt give us an OOME,  then we will need to advise them that we will take the plant down.   We dont actually want to do this,  as there are some expensive start charges associated with this.  We will discuss further in the meeting.  Thanks, JMF 
 The latest from Frontera: They will not run unless we receive an OOME.  Call me if you need to,  but call before 10pm.  JMF 
   AJ, Thanks for checking in with me.   I had a couple of questions: Does Anadarko have any power plants or do they trade gas/electricity actively?      I currently do several things: I am the Manager of the real time Power Trading desk.    I also manage the Ercot Asset book.   I trade around a combined cycle gas plant in south Texas. I am required to trade gas along with  the power in order to properly hedge the plant. I would be interested in continuing in this area.  Thanks for anything you can tell me about working at Anadarko.   I could send my resume,  but if we dont have paralell needs,  then I wont bother. I have some other things that I am working on.  Thanks again for asking.  This company will be fine,  but I have worked 12-14 hours/day for 8+ years.   When the stock price is $90, I can somewhat justify the hours and lack of life.   However,   although I am sure that Enron will bounce back,  I am no longer willing to sacrifice to make it so.  I have been consistenly profitable in my time here.   I have never been on a losing team - we have always made major money for the company,  so it is very hard to understand how this whole thing is unwinding.  Anyway,  thanks again and I look forward to hearing from you.  JMF 
 10-4 Thanks 
 Sure,  I am online everyday. I get in about 6 am, usually putting the numbers on at 6:30.   I start with hr ending 8-22 and change to 9-22 usually when the first interval of he 9 is printed. This is at my discretion. You may post a limit order (either a bid or offer) that covers mine and transact online.   You wont necessarily be trading with me,  another counterparty can lift your offer or hit your bid.  Let's trade it up!!!  JForney 
 Erik, deal no.  773763 has been changed. sorry for the confusion.  JMF 
 A lot of shops are interested,  mainly speculators.       I have had at least 7 different counterparties use this.      Utilities or generators have a big interest in hedging their balancing energy exposure,  locking in a fixed return.   How they are exposed to the imbalance price is their business, as I am not encouraging running an imbalance, etc. No problem with EOL,  as we are trading it up. You need to add the US PWR Financial Swap to your EOL profile, in my opinion.     You will see Ercot S 8-22  and N 8-22.   You will need to add these and every other hour listed. Thanks, 
   Frontera was asked to generate 135 mw's for this day.    They were generating but our meter read was showing zero.    Ercot was also showing zero. Steve Olinde called and Frontera assured us that they were running. We will need to file a dispute for approx hours ending 1 - 7? I am not sure when the meter came back,  but it was ok when I came in this morning.  Thanks, JMF 
 Mark Patterson, our Rep,  called today to ask me if everything was resolved= to my satisfaction.    I relayed that I did talk to John Adams last night = and he did agree to give us one hour notice with an OOME instruction.    Th= is is great,  however,   Mark warned me that we were outside of the tariff = because Ercot still maintains that OOMC means run. He relayed that in the event of line meltdown,  etc.  we would be liable.  = John Adams also said this last night.   We are officially on notice of p= otential QSE liability.  In my opinion we need to: Call Ken Saathoff and see if he can resolve their confusion today, otherwis= e we need to file whatever is necessary, under the protocols,  to protest t= his ridiculous interpretation and to protect ourself from this "liability." Officially request clarification in the protocols on this issue.  Thanks, JForney 
 I kind of lost my temper a bit with Mark.   Probably wont sound good on tap= e,  but I told him that a monkey-man wouldnt interpret the protocols that w= ay. Its the Dynegy thang talking.  JMF 
   We are long 50 mw's  (ercot asset book) for the 2x16 .   This is scheduled into the North market.  JMF 
   We are long 50 mw's for 16 hours Saturday and Sunday.    The length is under the Ercot Asset book and the cost is $15.    I am concerned about Sunday morning,  specifically,  hours ending 7-11.   If you could sell  this for a decent price,  it would be a good thing.  The purchase is an interdesk deal,  so it wont show in Enpower Scheduling. Also,  for hours ending 15-20 on Sunday we are long an additional 100 mw's at $16.31.   The purchase is under deal #873330 from City of Austin.  The temps are supposed to be warm and it should be muggy on Sunday ahead of the cold front.    This is scheduled to the North Zone under Enpower 873332.  Either leave alone or sell under the Ercot Asset book.  For Monday,  we are long 50 mw's onpeak under another interdesk deal.   The length cannot be seen in Enpower scheduling.      This deal is under Ercot Asset and has been scheduled to load (north) under deal #873255.   Also,  we have another 100 mw's from COA (see Enpower #873330) for he 15-20. This is scheduled to north zone under enpower #873332.   Dont forget that the night crew will report to the new building Sunday evening.   The phones are to be inactivated here at 5:30 pm Sunday.   Thanks and lets trade it up!  JMF 
   Madhup, Any luck on developing this tool?   Also,   tell me the status of the Esca people.   The hourly trading system is not complete and I understand that they are leaving. No documentation on how to use the system is available,  as far as I can tell.  JMF 
   We are collecting information to dispute Ercot's OOMC calculation.    OOMC has not had a defined clearing price due to the the non-functioning Replacement reserves mkt. Ercot has asked us to file a dispute for each time that we were issued an OOMC.   I think that this goes back to Sept 14th.  Also at issue is the payment for the actual power once it is called for.    Ercot claims that OOMC means run, instead of standby.   So,  for the times that we were asked to run,  Ercot will only pay us the balancing energy price, versus the OOME heat rate calculation.  How far can we go back in a dispute?  I thought we were somewhat limited.  JMF 
 -- [Forney, John M.]  It appears that Ercot is reversing their interpretation.   We still need to dispute/collect for OOMC payments and also file under OOME heat rate provisions for all of the times that we ran when we were under OOMC. Does this make sense?  JMF 
   Jerry,  Please see the attached: 
 The instantaneous supply in the form of ancillary services was supposed to be provided to us  by COA.   The contract was not specific concerning the intraday gas supply, or how we would schedule intraday power. COA wants us to "split the meter" at the plant,  allowing us to schedule our own 100 mw's ( and assume all liability) and also arrange our own gas agreement. Otherwise,  they dont want to allow us intraday capability. The agreement doesnt expire until Nov 3, 2003.  Their would be two gas contracts to consider,  I suppose:  Enron needs to contract for their own supply for this plant and also wants to sell to COA directly.  When do you want to talk?  JMF 
 So,  it would appear that we have a good case for recovering some money for OOME?   I am of the opinion that for every time I was ordered to run under the OOMC,  I should be paid the OOME calc. Is this flawed logic?  What do you think. JMF 
   We are short 50 mw's for offpeak tomorrow @ $13.    I would not expect to have to fill this,  but if you do,  buy in the South and schedule under Ercot Asset. We originally purchased this power from El Paso.  Call me with questions.  JMF 
 Tuesday good.   I am at 680 , where the heck are you?  JMF 
  Please check for your new Trid for your turret. Thanks, JMF 
 thanks jmf 
 The move has been very smooth 
  Gerald, I am talking with Gary Bryan.    You do need to be involved in this and I need your feedback. Come by when you get a chance.  thx., jmf 
   Kim, Has the Savings plan website changed?   I admit seeing a e-mail about the change of administrators,  but I didnt realize the website would be incapacitated. What's up? JMF 
  We are short on the offpeak for the three days including saturday,  sunday,  and monday.     We are floating 55 mw's   in the South zone. If you replace this power,  please remove the appropriate counterparty in the portal and replace with new counterparty.  Also:  The Frontera plant is currently NOT scheduled to run this weekend or Monday.    We are currently,  as of Friday,  experiencing problems with units #2 & #3.  These tripped offline when a breaker problem on CPL's side occurred. We have been asked by Ercot to reflect in the Resource Plan that unit #1 is available but offline.   We have done so.  When the other units become available,   please update them as available in the Resource Plan for the remaining hours of Saturday.    We should make sure that we have OOM premiums (up and down) and zero mw's scheduled.  If you have questions,   give me a call.    JMF 
 Madhup, We still need to provide detail on when errors/ problems actually occur. I will work to get this to you by tomorrow. Thanks, JMF 
 thank you, you are one of my favorite hr reps 
  Madhup, here is some more specific detail, as promised.  Thanks, JMF 
 more detail jmf 
 thanks alex!! jmf 
   We have 25 mw's of length for the 8 hr offpeak block from thanksgiving through monday.   hours ending 23 & 24 have the most value.  This is your position,  leave in North pool or sell as necessary.  JMF 
   Ben, Our Ercot lines arent working.    We are located at desks 678-680. Also, could you please make the Ercot lines 1-4 appear on page 1 of all Ercot hourly traders phones? You did this for us in the old building,  but those changes didnt transfer.  The traders are: Joe Capasso Alex McElreath George Phillips Steve Olinde Seung-Tak Oh John Forney  Thanks, JMF 
 Mr Taylor, I have attached my resume, that explains what the heck I have been doing.   Let me know if anyone has interest in a profitable Woodlands boy.  Thanks! 
 When: Monday, September 17, 2001 11:00 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 3112f - Doug's desk  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
    Jerry, Please see the attached .     As I mentioned,   I will be out of the office visiting Ercot tomorrow.  Thanks,  JMF 
 Frank. The ancillary services market for non-spinning has been horrible.   Non- spinnning for today is,  at most,   90 cents/mw for hours 14-18.  The remaining hours are worth zero. The down regulation and up regulation markets are lucrative  at as much as $11.99/mw ,  but we are not certified for this service.     As I understand it,  there is some work necessary on the plant to allow us to sell up/down regulation and replacement.  GE personel were to travel to the plant and do some work,  but in light of world events,  I do not know if they have arrived. Once the upgrades are complete,   we need to restart the certification process with Ercot.  If we sell non-spin for .90,  we would need to withhold this power from the market.   We have been selling,  on a Real Time basis,   as much power as we can get out the door.   We have not been selling offpeak and we are starting schedules,  typically at hour 10 through 22 for a sales price of $24.  That is the latest.   We are currently looking at making sales in October.  The heat rate is around 10.7  Thanks,  JForney 
   Please see the attached.  JForney 
 Mikey - I heard that you have gotten married.   Is that true? JMF 
 just to double check;  the meeting is now on Monday,  right? 
 Carmen, Please note that my employee's correct name is Alex McElreath.  It was mispelled below.  Thank you, JForney 
   Please see the attached.    Remember that we are planning on buying hour ending 7 (50 mw's).    So,   we wont actually generate 250's as the schedule indicates. Alex will take care of this tonight.  Prices for the weekend look like: onpeak $20.75 offpeak $ 12.25 gas  $2.06 This doesnt look too good for the weekend run.    Let me know what you need to do.   Thanks,  JMF 
    For tomorrow, see the attached schedule.     This is what is communicated to Frontera.     The mw value at the top of the page indicates what their total generation should be by hour.   The Resource Plan shuold be identical to this row.       Row 5 mirrors the purchase from Frontera in Enpower.     The Mirant call and Enron's call (Ercot Asset Book - 100 mw's) are listed as well as any daily trades executed on behalf of Frontera.    Please familiarize yourself with this report  The top line will indicate how much power is available for bal-day sales,  etc.    Additionally,   the Resource Plan needs to accurately reflect to Ercot what the plant is capable of.  For example,   if we are generating at the maximum of 450 mw's,  we need to reflect that the combined maximums on units 1-3   do not exceed this amount.  Otherwise,  Ercot thinks they can OOM you up.   Specifically for tomorrow,   please note that we are going from 135 mw hour ending 6 to 250 mw's hour ending 7.     The plant doesnt like to do this.  A 200 mw schedule would be much more preferrable for this ramp. So either : 1.  purchase 50 mw's from RT market for he 7.    Change Resource Plan to 200 mw's for hour ending 7 only.  Put purchase from  in  Teco Services book. Make another corresponding sale to Frontera counterparty in the Teco Services book.   If you dont make the second entry in Enpower the Teco Services book will be long for hour ending 7. 2. have plant drag  and buy imbalance - they will call to make this decision.  No entries will be needed.  Call if you have questions.    JMF 
   For Monday,   it is necessary that we sell the following for Frontera:  he 4 -30mw's he 5 - 30 mw's he 7 - 30 mw's he 23 - 85 mw's he 24 - 85 mw's   Also,   we need  to buy 15 mw's for hour ending 7 to assist with Frontera's ramp.  We are not running the plant this weekend.    The Resource Plan should reflect that we are available but offline. We need to ensure that the minimums and maximums accurately reflect what the plant is capable of. Also,  please make sure that the OOM premiums (up & down) are input as $50 and $40 respectively.  FYI - for OOM up,  we receive a 14.1 heat rate multiplied by the Houston Ship Channel price.   For this weekend assume $2.05.   IF you can make hourly,  bal-day sales in excess of this,  check with Jerry or Ken at Frontera.  Steve Olinde is notifying Ercot that we are coming down this weekend  for economics.   We have given them this notice so that they can effectively manage their system.   I will be out of town this weekend.   I can be reached by my cell if you have an important issue.  Thanks, JMF 
   We are long 100 mw's for hour ending 16-19 on Monday.   This is currently scheduled to load. If prices are poor,   we need to sell this energy early Monday morning for >   $22 if possible.  The sale goes into the Ercot Asset book.  Thanks, JMF 
   The position for Monday is currently scheduled into imbalance in both the QSE MOS and Enpower. Make sure that both are modified when you make sales/purchases.   Attached are the spreadsheets that reflect what Frontera is doing for the next three days.   Again,  look to the top line to know what generation output should be.  Know it,  learn it,   live it.  Thanks,  JMF 
   Laurel,  Do you have Ken Parker's e-mail address?   He needs to be copied on our preschedules. His address is kbparker@tecoenergy.com   Thanks, JMF 
  For tomorrow, we need to sell the following:  he 5 - 30mw's he 6 - 30mw's he 7 - 65 mw's  The sales go into the Teco Services book.    The length is currently scheduled to load in Enpower and the QSE MOS system.   Thanks,   JMF 
  Additionally, he 23 - please sell 35 mw's 
  We were down balanced in excess of what we were willing to pay,  as indicated by our bidding structure.   It seems that their software is not recognizing our bids. Our Ercot Rep, Mark Patterson is looking into this. We will dispute down balancing bills for the labor day weekend,  as this problem persisted every day.  Thanks, JMF 
   Mark, Hope all is well in Taylor.    I have a couple of questions about OOMC capacity payments.    As discussed in our meeting,  I received a manual OOMC on Thursday 9/13 (10:30 pm)  from Terry at the ISO. He reserved 220 mw of capacity from the Frontera unti for hours ending 9-2400 for Friday,  Sept 14th.  We were,  indeed,   exercised on Friday.    I think that we understand the payment for the energy portion of the exercise.  However,  we are not certain what we will be paid for the capacity portion,  as the formula for OOMC payment is based upon the Replacement reserve market. The replacement reserve prices have been zero.  Could you provide some help on this?  Thanks,  J Forney 
  Andrea, apparently an imbalance deal was entered under Teco services and the mark to market flag was not removed.    I show negative new deal value for Teco Services,  when I sold above the curve on their behalf. I assume this is the reason for the negative new deal value.  The deal has been revised,  as it was to be a temporary placeholder anyway.   This imbal. sale deal will be taken to zero and resold to another counterparty tonight.  Will I ever get a true up for the negative new deal value?  JMF 
  fyi  jmf 
 Ken, Laurel will be sending the spreadsheet from now on.   I asked her yesterday to include you on the distribution. I will be out of the office next week.   Clint Dean will step in for me.  Thanks, JMF 
 I used to carpool with a guy and his wife from Liberty.   He asked me one day:  " what if someone called you and told you that you just won a new Towncar - all you had to pay was the $700 in  taxes?"    I told both of them (laughing)  that it was a scam and someone would have to be an idiot to fall for that,  since they didnt enter any contest. They both looked down at their feet and said that they sent a check to this outfit.    I called them dumbasses again and they called their bank to cancel the check.  The jackass scam artist called them back,  bitching that they had cancelled their check.    My dumbass friend was talked into this transaction AGAIN. He tried to reinstate the check ,  but the bank's policy prevented him from reactivating this payment.    He was going to do this again,  but I told his in-laws,  friends and everyone else I could to talk to him.   He finally saw the light.   Just doing my job.  Anyway,  this guy is a super nice (but dumbass) guy.    He works at the Harris county courthouse.    His wife ran off with a crack head,  left him with the kids,    didnt come homefor several weeks and then wanted a divorce.    The divorce was in Liberty where this woman,  also a dumbass friend from wayback,   had worked for the Judge presiding over her case. She got the kids and he pays $2500/month.  Life is less fair to dumbasses  JMF 
 joan, good to hear from you - everything is still pretty wild up here, but it is going very well.    Sorry to hear about the neighbors,  but i think that you will enjoy living downtown. there is so much to do here now. how are your hours now?  im sure that they are pretty scary.  seen any good bands lately?  JMF 
 im sorry - im kinda shifty............ 
   Hello, I am using MSN dial up through the Enron program.  I understood it to be a $5 co-pay.    MSN customer service has said that they are billing me $25/month for this service and they dont know anything about an Enron special program. Who can I contact to resolve this issue?  John Forney Director, Ercot Power Trading 
 Yes, My member id is fourknees  . I am being billed $21.95/ month since inception of May 11, 2001.  Thanks for your help.  JMF 
 My cell phone 713-412-7529 home number 281-419-4388 Deb's cell 281-767-3667  catcha later, jmf 
  19 south altwood circle the woodlands, tx  77382 
   We are short 100 mw's in the Ercot Asset book for hours ending 7-22.    We want to remain that way,  unless the balancing energy market goes haywire. We would need to delete our SC counterparty EL Paso and input a replacement QSE in the portal if this is filled. Enpower shows 100 mw's coming from Ercot imbalance.  This deal would need to be cut and replaced with the power that was purchased for bal-day,  etc.   Thanks, JMF 
  FYI, This morning Ercot asked us to run all three units for a manual OOM.    Our Resource plan indicated that our total minimum was 220.    I believe that we had a discussion with Ercot indicating that our minimum on a 2 on 1 config was 280.    We ran at 280,  but our resource plan was not updated.     Ercot called mid-morning to say that they only wanted 220.   It is possible that we will be punished financially (receive the balancing energy price) for the 60 mw's over their request.  The point is,   the Resource Plan is the only thing binding.    We must reflect our true minimums at all times.    If the situation changes intraday,  we need to make changes in the resource plan to reflect what we can actually do.   Please see the e-mail below from Alan.  JMF 
   Until further,  it is best to avoid long positions in the morning hours that are to liquidate against the balancing market.    The downside is $1000 and the upside maybe $10.   Thanks, JMF 
  Steve indicated below that he talked to Ken at Frontera.   Ken Parker is the "new" Jerry.     They are staffing up.  JMF 
 O - the file should be m:electric/eservices/ees/ercot/ees model   go get em,  JMF 
   Duong,  Can I get a change in Enpower?   We have done this type thing on the West desk:  For every counterparty "Ercot Imbalance" ,   I would like the Risk Mark to market flag set to "off"  automatically.     When this manual process does not get done,  we have settlement problems.  What do you think?  JForney 
 Please see the attached: 
   Ken, As discussed earlier,  I am proposing ramping up late for the onpeak sale that Frontera made for tomorrow.       If we must sell the offpeak hours required to affect a 340 mw onpeak schedule,  I show that we would almost negate all profit from the sale.  I am suggesting starting your ramp beginning hour ending 7 and purchasing a fixed price swap from Enron for the short generation.    Basically,  you sold the preschedule for $21 and we would fix your price for hours ending 7-11 at $20.  The benefit in this swap would be: hedge against floating price lock in $1 profit on sale for short portion of the schedule, increasing revenues avoid losing approximately $10k on selling ramping schedule -  $4 is an optimistic real time sales price at this point,  however,  I used this in the analysis.    Please let me know what you think.      Enron will be offically rolling this swap product out to all of our service customers. I  think this would be a good fit your company and I would like to try this for Friday's run.  Additionally,   I think that there may be a good down balancing or OOM down  opportunity for tomorrow because of this preschedule.   Let me know what you think,  JForney 713-853-7160 
  Rebecca, For September 28th,  we have sold a financial swap to Frontera for hours ending 7- 11.   We bill them $20,  Enpower #794481,  for various hours. I will take the floating imbalance price for the following megawatt totals :  he7 - 310 mw's he8 - 310 he 9- 240 he10 - 140 he 11 - 60  Frontera will be running a resource imbalance for these hours.  (see imbal.  # 794516).       I should be allocated the imbalance charges as listed above and Frontera is responsible for any remaining imbalance for this day.. This is a financial swap that we will be offering our customers and I need your feedback on any requirements that you have in settling this product.  Thanks, JMF 
 Thanks for looking into this.  JMF 
   We have sold a financial swap to Frontera for hours 7-11 for $20.   They sold a 340 mw schedule for the onpeak tomorrow. They will be ramping up starting hour ending 7 for the following:  He7,8  - 30mw's He 9  - 100 HE 10 - 200 HE 11 -280  So,  basically,  they will be dragging significantly for these hours.    We sold this imbalance to them for $20 and we will take the floating price. The Resource Plan will only show 340 mw's onpeak.  Ercot will call and ask about our ACE issue.    Just say that our unit is just now coming up and we are on the normal ascension ramp mentioned above.   Thanks,  JMF 
 we put it on for tomorrow.   i am short the pool at $20. i gave them an agressive bid and i think that we will both win.  jmf 
   Tom, Frontera did agree to do the financial swap for tomorrow.   I am really excited about getting this product off.    I guess we need to follow up with the swap papers now.  Here are some things that we proposed to Frontera:  September 20th - I suggested selling October at $24.75.   This was a 10.72 heat rate.       I had to take off for an Austin trip and Clint took over for me in trying to get them to transact. Power moved down,  but so did gas,   The heat rate was the same,  but they still didnt want to transact as power moved down to $24.75.    Power reached low of 10 heat rate for October recently - it is currently 10.2.  I suggested early this week in selling balance of the week at a 10.5  heat rate.   The dailies have been now liquidating as low as 8.9 hr.   August (late) - Clint proposed selling 12.7  heat rate in September .   They didnt want to because they wanted to liquidate in the daily market.  This didnt work out.  On a daily basis,  Frontera has a problem making timely decisions.   For example,   I give them gas prices and daily prices.   They say that they would like to stay offline for the next day.   I tell them that I will bookout my option. They call back later and say that they would like to run.     Bids are now $2 less for my option and the prices they receive for their ramp up and onpeak schedule are horrible.  On Tuesday,   I suggested selling a $24 call option for October for  a $1.25 premium.    This would have at least brought in $23,000.   They werent interested in this idea.  I communicate my feelings on the market very early.   If they could react quicker,   I would smack the first bids that showed their faces,  including EOL. I could have taken out 200mw's in a simultaneous trades several times over the last two weeks.   Clint has some other instances that he would like to relay.   He will be sending another e-mail.   This relationship,  although not initially profitable,  has allowed us to develop other relationships that would not have otherwise been possible.   I dont really want to lose the job.   We are providing some outstanding support, in my opinion.  The thing that weakens our case is that Ercot is not providing the appropriate settlement details that would help illustrate our case on the OOM payments. The settlements extract,  as I learned on my trip,  is key to explainnig this value.     The OOM value itself is well over $200k.  Good luck!  JMF 
 In this case,    Ercot Asset gets allocated the expense of the imbalance.   The enpower deals listed below are under this desk. The financial swap info is going out,  Frontera being the most logical first customer.  Is there anything else from us that you would want?   Im thinking in terms special entries that would notify your group to withold balancing expense from Frontera,  etc.  Let me know what you think.  JMF 
   Mark, We have a question related to the acquisition of ancillary services;       Ercot publishes their various A/S requirements on a daily basis. We have noticed that you dont procure up to the amount that you say that you require.  For example,  on 9/27,   Ercot published that the System Requirements are 1,800 mw for Regup.      Ercot procured only approx. 117 mw's each hour. The same thing occurs for REGDN and Responsive.  Is Ercot satisfying their reserve requirement needs with OOM and Upbalancing,  etc.?  I will be out of the office next week,   so can you reply to Doug Gilbert-Smith?   His e-mail is doug.gilbert-smith@enron.com. Otherwise,  he can be reached at 713-853-9310.   Thanks for your help!  JForney 
 Larry, I will be on vacation next week.   I will not be available until Monday,  October 8th.  Thanks,  JMF 
   TJ, I will be on vacation next week.   I will be checking in via cell phone.  Thanks,.  JForney 
   Jerry, Please see tomorrow's schedules as attached: 
   I will be on vacation next week, October 1-5th.   In my absence ,  contact Clint Dean or Smith Day for any questions related to Frontera,  etc.  Feel free to wake Clint up for any reason.  Thanks,  JMF 
 I saw the memo.   It is true about the startup charges.   It is listed in the Purchase and Sale Agreement. Is there more that we need to discuss on this deal?  Thanks, JMF 
 TJ, Could you tell me what my balance is for vacation days?   Also,  I dont thi= nk that I have signed up for the floating holiday yet.   Would this balance= reflect that?  Thank you! JMF 
   I have received notice that I need to attend the Sandhill board of directors meeting tomorrow.   Clint Dean will be trading the Asset book. I will be available via cell phone.  Thanks, JMF 
 that is correct  jmf 
   Mark, Thanks for your reply concerning ancillary service procurement.    I was wondering if Ercot had made a decision on OOM capacity payments. Our position is that our custmers,  ie.   Teco/Frontera   should recover at least their O&M expenses for the capacity,  as they are standing by awaiting instruction.  Has there been any progress in this subject?  JForney 
   Due to the slowdown in trading,   I will be concentrating on leaving positions for RT to trade around. These will keep you in the market and give some flexibilty and decision making responsibility.    This will make more sense,  once you inherit the position.  The following positions need to be watched for monday:  1.     We are short to Mirant (on behalf of Frontera) for hour ending 6 only.     We need to buy 50 mw's and schedule this with Mirant Real Time. They are expecting and have agreed to this trade.   This is energy that Frontera owes them on a prescheduled basis.  If you are working Sunday night,   check in early with Mirant to make sure they are aware of this trade.   It is very common that they get a bad "handoff" and are unaware of this transaction.     Give them plenty of time to work this out.  We schedule this in the portal as a buy from X  and a sale to Mirant.    In Enpower,  buy from X and sell to Frontera (under the Teco Services book).   Enter this as a flat transaction,  ie buy for $20 and sell to Frontera for $20.   2.    The Ercot Asset book is long 5 mw's for offpeak Monday at $11.25.    Sell this or leave to the pool, as necessary.     I will be long this power offpeak for the balance of next week 10/16-19.    I think that Saturday morning will come in strong, as we are getting some cooler weather.    I think also that some larger units are coming off line,  which will put upward pressure on the offpeak.   Each member of the group needs to tell me what positions they want.       Next day onpeak is trading for $20.5,  offpeak is trading $11.25. Where is the value???   Lets  trade it up!   JMF 
   Isaac needs to be set up with a certificate for the Ercot Portal.    Is there a form I need to fill out for this?   JMF 
   Ben,  My new employee,  Isaac Wong,   needs a turret id.    He will need to copy someone else's phone list as well. Can you help?  Thanks,  JMF 
 thanks harley man 
