, say, to bring golf clubs?  I hear that my much ballyhooed former law partner David Hill might be down in Houston the same time and I need to have a few beers on his expense account as well.  Pat, I don't think you've met this guy but you need to, if for no other reason because he buys beers.   DF 
 I am troubled by your report.  Perhaps we need to threaten to revoke the anmesty and impose sanctions for noncompliance?  Or deputize someone mean to search file cabinets?  In all seriousness, would all of you please remind your troops of the importance of this effort, as I will with my folks.  Rick, thanks for the hard work  and perseverance on this.  DF 
 Outstanding.  I'll  bring em and I'll call you guys in a week or so to get the details nailed down.  Did you know that Bienawski (sp?), the Sofregaz guy, is at Enron?  He's got a storage development group or some damn thing. I'm going to look him up and see what the heck he thinks he's doing.  DF 
 Re:  ENA El Paso deal.  The trade press is having a heyday with the "anticompetitive" angle.  Lets talk.  DF 
 No way!  Joining up with Russell???  That's interesting, I thought he had "hung 'em up" as they say.  I want the full scoop.  DF 
 Following is one of the documents I got on Friday.  the other will follow shortly.  I think Maria forwarded this already, but you ought to make sure she got it. Thanks. DF 
 here'[s the second installment.  Thanks DF 
 Pls print up a full copy for Mike and I.  Thanks DF 
 I'd like you to be involved in this from the legal side.  Shelley, please keep Lee in the loop on this matter. Gracias.  DF 
 Sorry--I'm not able to do it Monday afternoon.  Would breakfast on Tuesday be a viable alternative for Mark?  DF 
 pls print for Mike and Me.  thanks (Maria probably needs one to)  df 
 Roger that--lid on.  I'm in KC today.  What a lovely city.  I can see why you guys decided not to move.  DF 
 Great--please sign me up!  Martha--I think my schedule is OK.  Please let me know if I need to move anything.  Thanks.  DF 
 The whole thing also bugs me on an intuitive level, but I'm not sure it is a legal conflict of interest.  The Northern cases he is involved in are not really  "GISB matters."  There are certainly issues like the 637 compliance issue that involve GISB standards, however.  GISB is a freestanding entitity and his representation does not equate to representation of Enron so he could claim that his only client interest to worry about is GISB itself.  As long as he does not take positions in Northern cases that are inconsistent with what GISB wants, he's technically OK.  I suspect he'd argue that his work in the Northern docket is completely consistent with GISB's objective of achieving world domination.  This was my from the hip analysis when Jay first showed up in our cases, so I may have missed something.  For example, I'm not really clear on GISB's structure.  Can we argue that it is not a real stand alone entity but rather  a "front" for a cooperative group of companies that includes Enron?  If so, we might have a real conflict.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the opportunity.  I'm V.P. and General Counsel of Enron Transportation and Storage, and its operating companies, Northern Natural Gas Co. and Transwestern Pipeline Co.  I'm stationed in Omaha, Nebraska.  I practiced law in D.C. for 12 years before FERC and other state and federal regulatory agencies and the courts.  As for objectives, I'd like to see the group facilitate dialogue and work toward consistency on regulatory strategy, as well as serve as a forum for sharing practical "best practices" experience Enron people have gained around the world.  I look forward to meeting you! DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks.df 
 What a tangled mess.  please call and splain what's going on here.  Thanks. DF 
 Shoot.  Due to a conflict on Monday, I'm now scheduled to arrive in Houston on Tuesday at 10 am.  I return to Omaha at 8 PM  on Wednesday.  If there is anything on Mark's schedule consistent with those constraints, please let me know.  Thanks. DF 
 cool.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm in.  df    Enron North America Corp. 
 I'm OK with the language, but I want to make sure everyone is OK on the concept.  When we left this (unless there have been subsequent conversations with ECS that I wasn't a part of) we rejected Courtney's proposal to reduce our up front payment by $500,000.  He was to come back and propose a monthly quantity of gas to be paid over the term of the contract that would equate to the $500,000, but I don't recall that we agreed to it.  Did we intend to leave the issue open for more horsetrading on the amount of a haircut ECS should take or were we content to cover ECS at 100 cents on the dollar?  I am advised that the Btu number in the letter would allow ECS to get the full $500,000 of up front value.  Rod and Steve--this one is up to you and I think its totally a question of whether we want to argue for some more $$ because I can't think of any other open issue with ECS on this or any other deals that we might be able to trade.    DF 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 pls print.  thanks. df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print for my Tues. am mtg in Houston.  thanks df 
 I think you have a conflict for that one, but I understand you are available for the March 14-5 one!  DF 
 pls print for Bill meeting.  thanks df 
 No problem with the plan to send a demand letter to El Paso on the measurement issue.  Please include me on distribution for the draft. Thanks,  DF 
 How about Thursday or Friday, June 1 or 2 for a round of golf?  I'm in HOU all wk and the end of the wk looks pretty light.  I'd be happy to venture out west to your Katy/San Antonio nick of the woods if you guys are available. Hill, are you gonna be in Houston around then?  If so, can you sneak the clubs past your wife?  Please advise.  DF  PS:  I met with Paul Bieniawski and his new storage group today.  Do you guys know how he parted terms with the Frogs? 
 Thanks for the offer!  Lets see when we get this event scheduled and I may be able to take you up on it.  Looks like you Utilicorp guys need to get coordinated or I may have to play golf twice.  That would be brutal.  DF 
 I enjoyed meeting with you guys and your team this morning.  Our crack certificate people have already responded to my request, as you'll see below.  As you get deeper into the process, talking with Michele and her colleagues may be useful for you as they have been through it all before with FERC on storage projects.  Let me know if I can be of further help.  Thanks for the quick help, Michele.  DF 
 I got a call from Tino Monaldo today passing on the results of Dennis Langley's meeting with DOE in Albuquerque.  DOE indicated that their current PNM rate is "5.3 cents, exclusive of the demand charge."  Tino's consultant claims that factoring in the demand charge yields an effective rate of approximately 7 cents/KWh.  Assuming we need to come in at 10% less than the current rate, our bogey is 6.3 cents/KWh.  This is at the high end of the range we hoped they'd be in.  Additionally, DOE indicated that they need "redundancy" and don't want to rely on PNM for back up power.  They want a multiple turbine facility--i.e., more smaller turbines instead of fewer large turbines.  The new pipeline will need to be split connected to El Paso and TW in order to access diverse supplies and guard against supply failure.  They have not asked for fuel oil backup.  I know this is starting to look like the project that won't go away, but the power price number looks very promising to me.  I think its worth scrubbing down the model we've used to replace the generic capital cost and O&M assumptions with more specific assumptions related to the specific turbine configuration we'd be using.  If this price is really as favorable as I think, can we make another run at the ENA people and Federal Solutions guys to see if they have any interest? DF 
 If you guys are just going to squabble like a couple of old ladies I'm not sure I want to play golf with you!  By the way, Hill, your excuse is lame.  DF 
 I couldn't open the document, but that's OK as I will have no problem with whatever form and content you include, as long as they don't build in any links to porno sites or similar undesirable places.  Thanks. DF 
 If we are still talking about 6-1, any time after 1 should work for me, as I've got a meeting that ends at 11:30 downtown.  How long does it take to drive to Katy at noon???  About 3 hours?  DF 
 I met with Ms Caplan yesterday and had a good discussion.  I was pretty impressed with her.  The only down side is that her inability to sit for the Texas bar is a hangup for a lawyer position.   I suggested that she also look into getting her license in New York or D.C. as I think those jurisdictions are less reluctant to allow non-U.S. lawyers to sit for the bar than Texas is.  I'll talk to Mike Moran, Dot McCoppin, Britt Davis and Shelley Corman regaring possible positions in GPG.  Have you thought about Steve Kean's group?  They might be able to use someone like Emma.  I plan to write her in a couple of weeks to follow up with any additional leads I've found.  Enjoyed shootin the shit with you, as always!  DF 
 Please take a look at this response.  I'm reviewing Mike's draft answers from last week and would like to forward to Britt and Barrett all the input we have by noon or so.  Thanks. DF 
 Lou, I agree with your legal analysis.  Susan confirmed for me that the TW tariff has no specific PCB limit and I think your analysis is accurate on how FERC or the courts would react to the  "toxic substances" language that is in there.  Please go ahead and get back to Bill and report your conclusions, with my endorsement if that adds any value (perhaps the value of another neck in the noose).  Also, it is worrysome that PG&E has an argument that any dollars they spend on Southwest must be reimbursed by TW under our agreement.  They might feel free to pour money on Southwest to keep them happy, even if Southwest doesn't put much pressure on PG&E and as a customer relationship strategy , in the belief that it is Enron money they are playing with.  Can we do anything to keep PG&E honest on this?  Given all of the above,  is it our strategy to continue to manage this Southwest Gas problem as best we can as part of the broader PG&E problem? 
 At the suggestion of Robert Jones (you remember him--one of the growing legion of ex-GPG HR representatives), I interviewed a lady named Emma Caplan yesterday.  She is the wife of a guy that Enron Networks brought over to Houston from London.  She is a "Solicitor" in the English legal system, and got her law degree at the University of Wales.  She has not taken an American bar exam but may be able to take DC or New York.  For some reason related to practice of foreign lawyers in TX, she can't take the TX bar until she has gotten a US law degree.  This person is very bright, personable, and enthusiastic.  She is extremely interested in working for Enron, either as a lawyer once she gets her license squared away, or in a paralegal or analyst position until then. I left a copy of her resume with Emily, and I'd ask that she please forward it to each of you.  If any of you have need for such an individual or have ideas she should pursue within Enron (or outside Enron), please call Robert or myself.  Thanks.  DF 
 Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online deal.  Cell 402-630-8461 or home 402-572-8595.  I'm in tomorrow around 7:45. Gracias.  DF 
 this guy  cracks me up 
 I wouldn't miss it!  DF 
 Another Tino-gram.  DOE disclosed to Team Tino that they pay a $7.06/mo demand charge per KW in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge.  Tino didn't know whether that was per KW of monthly demand, per KW of non-coincident peak usage, or what.  The PNM tariff for govt. service is priced at $7.16/KW of "demand above 10,000kw during peak period"  (peak period is daytime) so I assume that is how it is calculated.  If that is the tariff ("Schedule 4000B") under which DOE really takes service, this is interesting because that is not a very big discount off of the stated rate.  It is also interesting that DOE is paying $.053/kwh for energy since the Schedule 4000B energy rate is $.05072/kwh (maybe the difference is surcharges or something). Tino's consultant has figured out that the demand charge equates to an incremental $.011 in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge, for a total delivered PNM rate to DOE of $.064/kwh.  This is not as good as the 7 cent number Tino threw around earlier in the week, but its still not terrible.  If the bogey is a 10% reduction to the current rate, our number to beat is $.0576/kwh.  Tino promised us copies of DOE's actual energy bills to confirm these numbers.  That would be great and solves the due diligence problem you and I talked about yesterday, Kevin.  Tino also passed along a rumor he heard from the Isleta's consultant that the Cobisa Belen project is dead.  Do we know anything about this??? Interesting.  I'm waiting to hear back from Bill Votaw to line up a due diligence call to Tino's government contracts lawyers in DC to confirm whether the "sole source" strategy is legit.  Kevin, I'll let you know when this is scheduled in case you want to be on the call.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls get me scheduled on this.  thanks. df 
 I second that--thanks a lot!!  DF 
 I saw in the press that N.M. has delayed electric open access until Jan 1, 02 for residentials and small commercials and to July 1, 02 for large industrials.  That increases the likelihood that the Pueblo project will have to dump power in the wholesale market at 4 Corners for a while before retail markets start to open up.  One more thing to factor in.  I'm expecting to hook up with Bill Votaw of Enron Federal Solutions today to talk about Langley's "sole source" procurement strategy with DOE.  I hope to get Votaw on the phone with Langley's D.C. govt. contracts lawyers to discuss their theory.  We should be in a better position to raise a flag if the sole source strategy is really a high risk approach.  I'm not sure where that would leave us because the only other approach I can think of is to steer DOE into opening the power plant up for bids.  Langley does not appear interested in trying to win an open bid for the power plant, although frankly we would probably have about as good a chance as anyone of winning.  Once we clear up the government contracts issues (if ever) it seems to me that it would be time to expand the team to include Federal Solutions (potentially, if they see an angle to help them with their Kirtland outsourcing strategy) and ENA.  The ENA involvement would be particularly important so we could get a line of specific turbine availability and the specifications/economics that would result.  I'm probably engaging in wishful thinking again, but my hope is that the economics on a specific turbine/heat exchanger configuration work out a little better than the generic economics from the model that James ran.   If we think this thing is a potentially viable deal after I talk to Votaw and the Langley DC team, we need to grab Bill Cordes and discuss whether we go to ENA "from the bottom up," or through Stan "from the top down" to get hooked into a deal team over there.  Kevin, I still intend to hook you into the Votaw-DC call if you are available. Thanks. DF 
 I'll be in Houston so no need to dial me in!  DF 
 DJ, Drew was scheduled to attend May 25th @ 2 p.m. but will not be able attend as he has an important conference call.  Carmen 
 Carmen--please print these up for me.  thanks. DF 
 I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts counsel present and if so, who do you suggest?  On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board. I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF 
 I couldn't get the email through to Bill Gang, so lets try William.  Bill V, if this doesn't show Bill G as an addressee, please forward from your computer.  Thanks.  DF 
 Per our discussion last week, this is the status on Pueblo.  I think we need to establish to our satisfaction the bona fides of Dennis' government contracting scheme before we pitch hard to have ENA get into the deal and scrub down the numbers on the power plant.  If our govcon gurus (Bill Votaw and Bill Gang--both ex military guys working on DOD outsourcing deals for Enron Federal Solutions) buy off on it, then I think we brief Stan at that point.  You, Stan and Steve will then need to decide the best way to pitch ENA to verify the economics and potentially get into the deal.  Either we'd have Stan push from the top down or have Kevin and  Steve go directly to the ENA deal guys.  More to follow. 
 I'm on board with the low key concept and the bullets look great.  Some minor comments attached.  Thanks for spearheading this, Shelley.  DF 
 For some reason the initial email didn't go through to him--I forwarded it separately.  Thanks.  DF 
 Denise, pls print for me.  Thanks DF 
 I recall that we set up a warning flag approach with market services last year to make sure that Sempra never "goes physical" without us manning the battle stations and deciding what to do.  Do you guys know who the noms would come in to in Market Services if Sempra ever decided to try to take their gas out of Cunningham and move it off system?  Care to venture a guess as to what that person would do if a 100,000 nom by Sempra into an IT contract for a haul from the Cunningham storage point to Demarc hit their desk?  Sempra couldn't nom the gas into a transport contract without first giving Kent/Sue/Morgan a physical delivery nom under the SF agreement, correct?  At which point we would immediately nom the SBA, correct?  These issues may be important to our closing this year's deal if TCEM can't come up with the corp. guarantee.  I.e., if we can retain absolute control of the noms, do we really have any "go physical" risk???  We need to think this through.  DF 
 Thanks for the heads up--I'll talk to him tomorrow.  DF 
 pls send emma's resume to Lou Soldano.   Lou, please give me a call if you have any questions about this lady.  Thanks. 
 Please go ahead and do a letter--Lou is considering talking with her but isn't sure yet.  Thanks DF 
 Great!  i'll see you there.  DF 
 They nominate the SF to market services also, in addition to any transport they have?  Dari, please follow up on this with market services and verify what the procedures are and let us all know.    Again, this may relate to a counterproposal we make to TCEM if they barf on the corporate guarantee issue, so time is of the essence.  Thanks.  DF   Sue M Neville                05/31/2000 11:14 AM 
 pls let me know if you will be able to cover this--I'm out of pocket. thanks. df (also--leave me a voice mail at x37555 on how things are going out in Cal.) 
 I agree with Susan.  df 
 This is a problem your people should be aware of because I think our usual practice when we want to verify ownership structure is to call the corporate secretary's office.  If they are behind, I don't know who we should go to in the future.  Maybe we need to run everything by corp. tax from now on.  Ugh. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Thanks.  I think I've already got things squared away with Jerry.  DF 
 Is that point the receipt point Sempra would have to use to take the base gas volumes away from Cunningham?  Thanks.  DF 
 Cool--I'm in Monday--lets talk then.  Thanks. DF 
 Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.  Thanks.  Robert--this is what I'm sending to Emma.  Nothing definite yet, but Soldano might have something soon.  I didn't want to raise expectations on that yet.   DF 
 Yes.  Thanks.  DF 
 Lets talk about this tomorrow--obviously this changes the facts somewhat.  DF 
 Just Jim's would be useful.  I'll let him know by cc.  Thanks. 
 Do you know anyone in ROW who could give me a sense of what ROW currently is going for in $/ mile, in New Mexico?  Please forward this to anyone you think might be able to give me some insight on recent right of way procurement by enron or others.   Thanks.  DF 
 pls print .  thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I'd drop the dash in "rate-bid" but otherwise am OK.  Thanks. DF 
 Here it is.  Thanks. DF 
 Great.  Thanks to you all for your careful work and patience.  DF 
 Two answers:  1.  Just yourselves.  Sandra has laid in an excessive quantity of vittles and libations.  2.  Good idea.  Tryiing to launch an effort like that now would be a nightmare, but after Conoco, we'll have a lot of organizational work anyway.  Thanks.  df 
 I don't think I gave you George Briden's number in my voice mail today.  Its 401-934-1433.  Just out of curiosity, please let me know if they are as eager to move forward as George said they were.  Thanks. DF 
 If that's all we need commercially, I'm fine with it.  I'd be more enthusiastic if we thought that their removal of the protest would clear up all FERC's issues and result in cancellation of the tech. conf. and prompt approval of the filing, but I suspect that is too much to ask for.  DF 
 Carmen, please print out memo and attachment.  Thanbks. DF 
 We do in fact have a lot of captive markets.  I don't have a problem with S= &P=20 saying that, although I wouldn't want Enron saying it too often.  In genera= l=20 I'm OK.  Thanks. DF 
 Great. 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 Give me a yell when you are ready to call Golub back--he's an old Baker and Botts colleague of mine and I'd like to be on the call just to say hi. Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" section of his memo:  1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system?  2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant. Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?  3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output into the grid only when profit opportunities arose?  4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and reward?  John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis in Steve's memo, however.  Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions. DF 
 Ha!  I appreciate the complement but I like my current job just fine--all I have to do is crap on a contract now and then and argue with Mary Kay all day long.  Piece of cake!  DF 
 It's against my nature, but I'm getting pretty close to giving up.  Attached is a draft letter to Langley punting the project.  I've tried to sugar coat it as much as possible so he doesn't get pissed off and automatically go to El Paso if he does somehow get the project built.  The letter is based on the assumption that we will call them first to explain where we are.   Also, I've assumed that we won't send Dennis any of the data from EE&CC or ENA.  I think we can chat generally on the phone and give them the ballpark results without actually sending the schedules to him.  Please give me a call so we can help Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.  (did you notice how I disappear when things start to go south?)  Talk to you soon.  DF 
 pls print up on letterhead and format correctly for me to send out.  thanks. df 
 Great--Steve, what's your phone no. ?  The operator didn't have it and I'd like to talk for a few minutes on this.  Thanks. DF 
 This is horrible.  In all my years in DC I don't remember any administration official (let alone a cabinet member) getting trashed this badly except maybe Ollie North during Iran Contra.  Tino, lets add this to the list of issues we need to jointly think through.  DF 
 Please print this memo and attachment for me--I couldn't get it to print. Thanks  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Yeah--EMC is the best investment I ever made--I only wish I had put in 100000k instead of 1k.  Check this email out--one of our guys got it from someone at one of our competitors.  Enron is known as the "evil empire" in the energy bidness.  DF 
 I reviewed the latest draft of AA's management rep. letter and caught a few innaccuracies in the way AA described the deal.  I attach a revised draft of the letter, with a redline version to highlight for you the changes I think we need to make to keep it accurate.  First, AA only listed two of the four agreements that comprise the deal.  They apparently forgot that we had created a second SBA.  Additionally, at Transcanada's request, we put the transaction fee into a separate letter agreement this year.  You will recall that last year, Sempra wanted the transaction fee put right in the SBA.  Second, AA's bullet no. 4, as originally drafted, states that Northern does not intend to enter into an option to purchase any base gas during the term of the agreement.  That statement is confusing given that Article VI.B of the Monthly Pack Agreement includes an account balance cash out mechanism that is a form of purchase option.  That cash out mechanism was in Kent's bullets describing the deal and has been in every draft of the documents that AA looked at, so I assume they are OK with the mechanism and were just inartful in drafting bullet no. 4.   My simple fix was to leave AA's language alone but to add an "except for" reference at the beginning of bullet no. 4.  Third, AA's draft of bullet nos. 5 and 6 includes the somewhat ambiguous references to "other agreements" and "additional agreements" respectively. Since AA's list of the agreements in the intro paragraph was incomplete, these references in bullet nos. 5 and 6 were also innacurate.  Now that I have made the list of agreements in the intro paragraph complete, I've clarified the bullets by adding the "other than those agreements referenced above" language to both bullets.  The couple of other changes in bullet 5 simply clarify the meaning.  Finally, I've modified the signature blocks per conversation with Bill to delete MKM and myself.  I am certainly willing and able to sign this letter, but MKM is not up to speed on the deal and has not reviewed the agreements. Getting her up to speed enough to sign the letter would take some time. Additionally, Bill's thought was that MKM and I are his direct reports anyway, so it doesn't serve much purpose to have the subordinates sign if the top guy has signed.  Please give me a call if you have any questions or want to discuss these matters. 
 fyi.  this is fine with me--pls remind me.  df 
 Nice to know how highly regarded we are in the industry.  DF 
 Hey--I thought this was pretty good!  Of course we at the evil empire are proud of being thought of as greedy overbearing SOBs!  DF 
 I love this--even more so because it is being circulated by one of our competitors.  DF 
 Per our discussion, I've modified the letter to remove reference to the monthly pack agreement and made a couple of other minor changes.  I wasn't able to get ahold of Bill on Friday afternoon to discuss who will sign, so for now I've left it with signature blocks for Bill and Rod only.  I hope we are getting closer to the target here and look forward to discussing it with you further on Monday.  Thanks again for the illumination on AA's intent on the earlier draft.  DF 
 Steve filled in the detail for me on the LG&E issue mentioned in the Law bullets this morning.  A valve was left open between an LG&E facility and Northern for an approximate 3 month period (I'm not sure how recent).  LG&E's gas loss data indicates that the amount of gas that inadvertently got into Northern was approx. 180,000 MMBtu, with a value of about $500,000.   Rockey and Steve have talked to LG&E and it does not appear that we have any good arguments for avoiding the liability.  The unexpected (and unmetered) deliveries from LG&E presumably reduced our lost and unaccounted for balance during the referenced 3 month period.  Accordingly, I assume the cost of replacing that gas should be accounted for in Northern's PRA and so should not affect earnings.   I'm not sure what the timetable is for resolving this matter.  DF 
 A bit more detail in the bullets and a heads up call on this would have been a good idea.  DF 
 Three things--first, Bill Cordes confirmed that the $200,000 O&M contributi= on=20 ET&S law already agreed to is the item mentioned in Bill's memo I forwarded= =20 to you Friday.  In other words, he doesn't expect an incremental contributi= on=20 from us. =20  Second, Mike--Martha is out sick today so perhaps we can talk to the ladies= =20 as a group tomorrow.  Please let me know. =20  Finally, the ethics test.  I say all 4 of us check out this thing in Belize= . =20 I volunteer Eric to give the speech (my espanol not good).  =20 
 sorry--left you out of the distrib.  df 
 ok.  DF 
 I'd like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 13th.  Please get me a flight and hotel (I should arrive early PM on the 12 the and leave in the pm on the 13th.   Thanks.df 
 Excellent!  I hope Briden's project attracts fewer vultures than Dennis Langley's.  I need to go to Midland on the afternoon of the 12th, so could meet in Houston conveniently on the morning of the 12th or anytime 10 am or later on the 11th.  I could meet on the 10 th after 10, but less conveniently.  Just let Martha know what the plan is and she'll deploy me. Also,  when you say they want TW to "build, own and operate the plant" you mean the gas pipeline facilities, not the power plant, right?  Must be because $20 mil. would be a pretty cheap power plant.  Thats a pretty cheap pipeline also for the length--about 40 miles, right?  DF 
 Here's the memo I mentioned.  Obviously, we have already used up all the good ideas and are down to the fall back plans.  DF 
 Good point on the timetable.  If we can get to the letter of intent stage Caithness soon after this meeting Jeff is setting up--by mid July maybe--what would a realistic timetable be?  It looks from the map like the ROW would be all along existing hiway--not virgin territory.  If this thing is a "lateral" not mainline, and if we can keep project cost below the 2001 prior approval blanket cost limit (whatever that is--around $21 million I think) can we build under the blanket???  Lets talk before the meeting in Houston so we can have a complete reaction for the Caithness guys on cost, timetable, etc.  DF 
 Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Britt- great memo.  I'm sure you guys are in the course of discussing these very issues, but here's my two cents worth. 1.  Once we decide on an optimal forum, the key step before filing a lawsuit is the assessment of our probability of success--for different reasons than is usually the case.  We need to weigh the chances of a favorable judgment against El Paso against the probability and extent of collateral damage to our defense (not just TW but all of GPG) in Quinque, et al. 2.  I like our case a lot based on what I've seen so far--if I've got it right, our claim is that El Paso breached the 1990 measurement agreement by not calibrating the meters as required and therefore by allowing the error to arise and remain uncorrected for so long.  Under the NM statute, we may get 6 years worth of recovery ( or more, I guess, if they did something to toll the SOL).  Under the Texas SOL, maybe less.  Do we have a good argument that the 1% standard in the measurement agreement and the 2% standard in El Paso's tariff do not absolve them of conversion or breach liability?  Seems to me that El Paso will argue that the FERC tariff preempts our contract rights--but I think the law is on our side there. 3.  The tricky issue then becomes whether our prosecution of the claim against El Paso plays into the hands of our adversaries on the Quinque mess. If so, how do we quantify that risk to allow a rational balancing of the pros and cons.  I'm glad smart guys like you two will have to do that thinking. As usual, I'll try to stay on the sidelines and nod intelligently when you make a recommendation.  DF  PS:  I'm ok with the outside counsel recommendation. 
 Thanks Bob.  I'm out sick today (my wife made me stay home until I quit griping about a sore throat I can't seem to shake), but I forwarded your voicemail on item 3 to Kent yesterday.  I'll forward this to him as a reminder.  ON the other two items, I'll send you separate emails on each.  DF 
 There is obviously a distinction between their situation and ours.  I just don't know what it is yet.  DF 
 I did.  Just got back.  Doctor says I'm just a whiner and I should go back to work.  DF 
 fyi--please keep me from getting disbarred.  Df 
 Thanks for the update!  As for the margarita idea, I'm all over it!  Not just for breakfast anymore!!  DF 
 These guys don't give up.  I'll forward any information Tino gives me on their latest DOE strategy.  Rockey--do you have any interest in following up on Tino's Wichita project??  I don't know how far it is from any of our lines, but it may be worth a chat.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Thanks Tony--we'll discuss on Wed or Thur.  DF 
 I guess this is good news unless they introduce the "next steps" section at the meeting with a slide that is titled "Step One:  Shutting Your Sorry-Ass Pipeline Down ONce and For All" .   Seriously, the agenda doesn't seem to have any flavor of escalation, which is great given the  lack of attractive alternatives for our team right now.  Talk to you about this tomorrow.  DF 
 Great--please send me the current draft on Thur. AM for me to take a look at.  Gracias!  DF 
 pls print out.  thanks. df 
 Here is the info from AA.  Talk to you at 4.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with the new version.  Thanks. DF 
 Pls get me a printout of this Mon. AM.  I couldn't open it.  Thanks. DF 
 Here's a thought that didn't occur to me when I marked up the mock trial script.  Should we have the consultants prominantly feature "IPEC Busters"???  Unless we are pretty sure the judge will keep it out on relevance grounds, it might be useful to at least get some juror reactions to it.  With or without the specific IPEC Busters stuff, we probably ought to assume that Jad's theme will be that Northern's whole philosophy was to breach contracts without flinching if it served our commercial interests. The vitriol from P&P and the other producers plays into that theme.  Maybe we ought to spice that part of the script up a bit also just so we can see how our response plays.  DF 
 Outstanding!  I'm in Houston on Thursday, flying to the big O on the 8:30 pm flight.  I'd love to get together for dinner around 5:00 or so if that works out for you guys.  Any chance of getting together with both of you?  DF 
 pls print up.  thanks df 
 I need to be in DC on Thursday next week, so any time in Denver that allows me to get to DC is ok.  DF 
 Thanks Leslie--I appreciate your efforts and being kept up to speed.  I'm forwarding this to some folks who are much closer to the Navajo ROW issues than I am.  Lou and Steve, please let Leslie and/or me know what direction TW prefers as well as any pitfalls to be wary of.   DF 
 Cabo's--very hip if you like meat markets (which I do, of course).  I suspect that fish tacos are a  very popular dish in London--at least among the London surfer crowd.  You can reach me on the cell phone @402-630-8461--I'll leave it on all day.  So what brings both of you down to Houston?  Anything going on that I ought to know about?  DF 
 Just got an update on the project that won't go away.  Dennis has a meeting lined up with DOE decisionmakers on the 25th.  He is going to pitch the project as an approximately 100 mw power plant, to be owned by (read "financed by") DOE, with the gas pipeline owned by Dennis and\or third parties (read "Enron"?).  Dennis has run economics that show the DOE will get a more than 10% cost savings on the project compared to current PNM rates, even assuming a fairly high gas transport cost because of the smaller gas load.  How did he do it?  Very easy:  they ran the power plant economics using about a $2.00 gas cost instead of current, real world prices.   Dennis' argument is going to be:  "I'll take the risk on building the pipeline and the power plant at a capped cost, and then sell the power plant to you." "You take the risk on gas cost:  if gas cost tracks the 18-24 month average, you will realize your 10% cost savings, but if current fuel costs continue or escalate, you lose."    Either way, your reliability improves and you kick PNM in the shins."  Dennis and Tino apparently think they can sell DOE on this.  By the way, their current story on Richardson is that he won't resign, and won't be forced out by the administration because that would create even more publicity.  You'll love this:  they think Richardson is even more likely to sign off on the deal now because his chances of being nominated for VP or cabinet are dead and he now has nothing to lose in DC.  They think his real angle is now to bring home the bacon to New Mexico and then run for governor out there!!  Apparently the rank and file out in the home state think he got hosed and made a scapegoat unfairly. I've asked  Lorna Brennan to pull some historical San Juan prices together to give to Tino to confirm whether his $2 price is wacky.  Other than that, I just told Tino that we are potentially interested in the pipeline part of the project if the risks and rewards make sense, and that EE&CC might be interested in the design/build on all of it.  He said he'd get back to me after the 25th meeting and tell me whether the project is undead.  DF 
 Tino,  this was easier than I thought!  Just eyeballing the numbers, it looks like $2.00 may even be on the high side on a 24 month or 18 month average basis.   I wasn't sure which email to use so I used both.  Let me know how your meeting goes.  DF 
 Congratulations to you both!  Your designation as V.Ps. is richly deserved! Just among us "constrained technical" people, however,  couldn't they have come up with a better description of our category?  It makes us sound like we are deficient in something other than just career choice!  See you soon--beers are on me!  DF 
 pls print thanks df 
 Excellent!  This a great idea and perfect timing given the kind of things we have lately been getting more and more involved in.  I'll strongly encourage our guys to attend.  DF 
 Thinking about bailing out of the big O for a couple of days w/o rugrats or Sandra. Taking Kari out of her native biome is more hassle than its worth these days.  Might just blow up for a long weekend and do some fishing and beer drinking.  Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I want to see if I can get it on Amazon.   AMFDJF 
 Sorry, I neglected to forward this to you earlier.   You've gotta give these guys credit for being tenacious!  I'll keep you posted on any meaningful developments after their meeting with DOE on the 25th.  Thanks for your patience.  DF 
 Thanks--excellent news.  DF 
 pls print for me.  thanks df 
 Can't make it, unfortunately.  The agenda sounds great--I believe you have seen the latest draft of the proposed options filing for TW, so I have nothing else to add on that.  Thanks. DF 
 pls grab me when I come in and make me do this.  thanks df 
 Great draft!  I had just a few comments and typos, set out in this redline. I'll be in to take a look at the tariff sheets a bit later this AM.  Thanks for the excellent work!   Martha, pls copy for Steve Stojic. 
 I'm up for Wed. pm assuming a flight from denver to dc is available . Martha--please check and make sure there is a late flight from denver to dc--leaving after 5 pm would be best.  pls coordinate with jeff.  thanks. 
 Yeah, and heth goth  a lisp.   Missed you at the Bay-Bash on Friday.  A lot of fun!  Adios.  DF 
 Please print memo and attachment.  thanks. Df 
 pls put on my calendar.  thanks df 
 can you get this to do what it is supposed to?  I hope its not a porno picture.  DF 
 pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df 
 Thanks Susan--I agree with your analysis of the tying issue.  It ain't tying if we aren't restricting access to the service--we are just offering selective discounts.  Christine--I'm OK with it.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 FYI.  Interesting, and no significant deviations from what we discussed.  Dan was up here yesterday with Stan.  He seems like a good guy and is pretty gung ho about getting on board.  Lets keep in touch.  DF 
 FYI.  I met Dan yesterday for the first time--seem like a very good guy.  DF 
 -FYI--this is the kind of significant organizational change that in the old days would have spurred us to dash over to Happy Hollow and drink a bunch of beer and pretend to play golf.  Had you guys heard anything about this??? I'd appreciate your thoughts.  DF 
 I'd prefer that we give them a high level bullet point type summary rather than a draft of the filing itself.  DF 
 Leslie Lawner called and asked if TW could help with the funding of this organization.  As you will recall, the "NM First" group has taken positions on right of way issues that are consistent with TW/Enron's view on Indian right of way issues.  Leslie asked if we could kick in $1000.  I leave this to you guys to weigh in on--If you think it's worthwhile, let me know and one of us can get back to Leslie.  I'm happy to help out with the funding if you think it would be useful.  DF 
 Pls handle this.  Thanks. DF 
 Thanks for the update--Other than the Gallagher Boland $$$ I can't think of anything that we might be squirreling away and capitalizing.  (Grynberg $$ go to a work order also, but are expensed, right?).  Also, I absolutely trust you, but in the Ronald Reagan sense:  "Trust, but verify."  Adios.  DF 
 You guys should enjoy this--especially the last one.   Reed, you never called back you wimpy Pantani butt pirate.  I've got a big case settling and am more likely going to have a shot at blasting out for a couple days of fishing. Let me know whether fishing is worth a shit out there.  DF 
 Thanks for the outstanding and fast service!  DF 
 Tino, attached is a spreadsheet with the info I think you need.  I got the publication wrong--its "Megawatt Daily" that posts daily prices.  Hope this is helpful.  DF  Drew,  Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery points January 1, 1999 through April 30, 2000:  Four Corners Palo Verde Mead Nevada Southwest Power Pool  Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 2000 to present information.  I just have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will get the next disk.  They'll send me the data if we need it.  Lorna 
 No wonder you are oblivious to our meager organizational changes up in Omaha!  You are out doing zillion dollar deals for EBS!!! Congratulations--sounds like a very cool deal!  Lets get together soon down in Houston and debrief--that is if rock star Frank can take time away from the 50th floor crowd to hang with mere mortals!  DF 
 Come out with a whole bunch of cool new machines and your stock gets whacked.  What a weird deal that is.  Anyway, when do you think the new IMacs will be out in stores?  I still havent' got around to buying Sandra her IMac and now she thinks she wants the IMac notebook so its a good thing I didn't do this last month.  Do you concur that the new ones are worth the wait or should we pick up an old one on mega sale once stores start clearing the old ones out?  DF 
 Please get this to Tino.  I don't know what went wrong but the email didn't go throught.  Thanks. DF 
 Great summary.  Sounds like we have plenty to do.  Susan, lets talk Monday and coordinate the law/regulatory stuff.  Gracias.  DF 
 He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past. (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
 I just talked to Cynthia Sandherr about this and she was partly up to speed. They have been fighting with the CFTC to keep it from extending its jurisdiction to Enron Online and to all the financial products Enron sells. We apparently have a bill pending to lock the CFTC in and keep it from going after energy-related financial products.  Cynthia was not aware of any potential collaboration between CFTC and FERC designed to push FERC into the role of regulator of these markets (with CFTC pulling the strings behind the scenes).  Cynthia was cranky about this possibility and will follow up. DF 
 Great--looks like a good start at working through this project.  I've got a couple of thoughts, questions, etc. that I'd like to discuss with you all before we get back to Tino with any kind of preliminary response:  1.  What is our pulse on a project that ramps up slowly to full utilization? This deal will not be 100% subscribed for several years (optimistically) as it is designed to gain market share from a combination of market growth and bypass of existing GCNM customers (and new power generation load, but that part of Tino's story needs more thinking).  The rates on the attached spreadsheet would provide full cost recovery only after the project is fully subscribed, right?  We need to think about the economics of this thing in terms of deferring and recovering in the out years the revenue shortfalls in the early years.  Has GPG ever done deals like that?  2.  On the GCNM discounting issue, it seems we need at least three data points to understand our risks: a.  What do GCNM's current discounts look like? b.  How much more aggressively could GCNM discount in the future if they had to to avoid bypass?   (i.e., are there regulatory or political constraints on increased discounts?) c.   Will the big industrial loads stick with the low cost provider if GCNM tries to undercut the project, or will they be willing to pay a little more just to assure that a new pipeline gets built into their backyard?  3.  Assuming we don't have the risk appetite to get in on a project like this, how do we positiion ourselves to be the preferred upstream pipeline for Langley's project?  I assume that if neither TW nor El Paso partner with Langley he'll interconnect with both.  Do we already have or can we create any kind of competitive advantage under that scenario?  4.  Is the right of way that Langley has negotiated really all that valuable?  From Lorraine's memo, it seems that the issue of which route is best is half baked at best.  If that's all Dennis brings to the table (not counting his big bag of $$$$), does a deal with him really make sense?  I'm sure there are a lot of other issues we need to discuss, but these are the first that come to mind.  Please give me a call when you get together to discuss this as I'd like to be involved in how we respond to Tino and Dennis.  Thanks. DF 
 No, we are paying them $3 mm in addition to handing them the Hobbs line and giving them the option on the Eldo-Spraberry line.  I haven't really thought about it, but I guess the transfer price for the Hobbs line should be some nominal amount--$10 or something.  I'll give you and Louie a call in a bit to discuss.  Thanks.  DF 
 Thanks.  I'm about a 30.  DF 
 lets talk re: this.  I'm troubled.  df 
 I'm not sure I understand MKM's comment.  We've all approved this deal so its not urgent, but lets talk about it in our meeting today.  df 
 Rock on.  DF 
 Please take a look at this and give me a call.  I didn't know we were expecting any agreement from ECS.  DF 
 The tie in line that TW built is not part of the deal.  We are modifying the agreements to make that totally clear and I believe Rockey is going to talk to Mary Ann Pearce to make sure there is no misunderstanding.  DF 
 Whaaasssssuuup.  Sack--you need to update me on where the hell you are these days.  Flying jets in Denver?  Chicago?  Where?  Reed, you need to check your emails more than once every 6 months.  Huet, I'll call you on the apple data tonight or tomorrow.   Loon, since I sent you a cool email, you need to invite me to at least one boondoggle on Wednesday (Dougie is going to the Fascist convention in Philadelphia all next week to schmooze).  Carmany, you are just weak--you need a wife and about 7 kids to throttle your lifestyle back a bit.  Egg and Kate--I have nothing mean to say to you just now, but I'll work on it.  DF 
 Does anyone find it interesting that we've heard nothing but silence from Dennis and Tino?  I suspect that their big meeting with DOE on the 25th didn't go so well.  If you hear anything let me know, otherwise I'll try to get ahold of Tino sometime next week to find out what DOE said.  DF 
 I didn't know you guys were both in the Moscow office now!  That's a pretty soviet system your network narcs have rigged up.  We ought to get a copy of it--it would keep Enerson and I from wasting 20 hours a week dealing with amusing videos.  Anyway, the vid you have been denied access to is not as interesting as you probably hoped--its the cartoon game of the guys sitting around at a meeting at which you can make them do things by clicking on icons--like click the cell phone and one guy calls the other one and yells "Whaaaassssupppp!"  Its actually pretty amusing, unless you work at a third reich law firm (actually some guy at some other third reich law firm sent it to me, come to think of it!  I'll stick to emails with a "business purpose" so that I don't inadvertently interfere with "firm related business" (like name changes, etc.).  AMFDJF 
 Assuming we keep Arthur Anderson on board this afternoon and assuming Enron is still in the business of doing asset monetizations like this one (which better be the case since its in the TW 4th Q plan @$2.5 mm), the following things need to happen on roughly the following timetable:  1.  Mike talks to Hanover and we negotiate the price, specific contract language, etc.  (hopefully within 2-3 weeks of turning Mike loose?)  2.  Regulatory (assisted by Maria and me) flanges up the FERC abandonment filing and tees it up to file the minute Mike finalizes the deal with Hanover.  We haven't talked about this for a while, but the story we tell FERC has to acknowledge that the monthly O&M cost will be higher under our outsourcing deal than it currently is, if load factor and other operating assumptions remain constant.   That may be the key to our story line--we argue that outsourcing is necessary to creating flexibility in our cost structure to protect us and our ratepayors from market changes, gas flow changes, and capacity turnbacks.  The Compression Services Agreement, as it is currently drafted, has a two part demand-commodity rate.  Thus, if our throuput goes to pot on the segments where these outsourced compressors are, or if we have big capacity turnbacks, the outsource deal allows us to shed costs quickly.  Charlie's preliminary cost spreadsheets seem to me to support this strategy.  I'll talk to Maria and MKM's team about this.  Also, we need to be able to explain to explain that our deal is not all that new or radical.  It is just a tiny bit different from the many deals FERC has seen where compression or other services are outsourced from the get-go with new facilities.  For example, FERC allowed NNG to outsource compressor motor operation and ownership using ECS (and, by tomorrow, hopefully will allow TW to do the same at Gallup).  Florida has a similar deal, as well as intrastates like HPL.  Maria and I and MKM's folks need to turn over every rock to find examples of similary outsourcing that don't involve Enron.  We need to let FERC know that the outsourcing train has already left the station and we just want to jump on board.  3.  We get the abandonment order in the 4th Q and do the deal.  (Will we have the chance to do some more schmoozing and lobbying of FERC folks before we file--i.e., at a prefiling conference???)  See how easy these deals are when you use assumptions to eliminate the many problems! 
 That, my man, is the $64 question.  Kim and Rockie are nailing this down first thing monday AM.  The result of our conversation on Friday with Conoco was that if we own it, they want it, and if we don't own it, we'd better not convey it to them.  Clever devils, they are forcing us to determine exactly what it is that we own!  Talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 Here is the draft letter agreement.  We are still discussing it with ECS and can make whatever changes are appropriate.  Note that the letter agreement ties back to Article 6 of the Compression Services Agreement.  That article, you may recall, is where ECS agreed to create a computerized system that would monitor Continental Divide's electric system utilization and warn when their system peaks were occurring and then automatically take the compressor offline (subject to manual override) so we and ECS could avoid peak period demand charges.  Instead of creating such a system, which apparently turned out to be mostly a manual system anyway, ECS is going to pay us a monthly fee to monitor CD's system peaks ourselves and decide when we need to get off line.  The load management service has to do with operational management of the load we place on CD's electric system, and is not a jurisdictional gas transportation or storage service.  Note that the service goes on for 10 years (as required by the accountants' 10 year amortization rule) and thus may be vulnerable to scrutiny and potential revenue crediting in TW's 2007 rate case.  Any way to avoid that?  DF 
 Speak of the devil.  Tino called, all full of optimism and questions.  They have pitched the DOE a deal in which Dennis builds three 50 Mw turbines on the Isleta, and a 7 mile power line to DOE's distribution lines.  The project will apparently be 100%debt financed, with DOE agreeing to pay a firm demand charge rate of between 8 and 9 cents/kwh.  That rate is supposedly high enough to service the debt on a 10 year amort. basis (remember, DOE can only sign 10 year contracts).  DOE is interested, says Tino, because of the redundant, dedicated facilities and enhanced reliability, and because Dennis and Tino pitched DOE on all the $$$$ DOE will make from the surplus power sales.  Dennis apparently pitched them a "share the upside" deal under which DOE keeps most of the revenue from surplus sales.  Tino showed DOE the July spot prices at 4 Corners, which Tino said included many days over $200/Mwh and they got all excited.  DOE has done a similar share the upside deal at one of its facilities in Calif. Tino says and they have occasionally come out net positive on elec. costs in some months so they like the approach.  Tino had two questions: 1.  Does TW have 30-40,000/d of permian capacity available starting sometime in 2001 or 2002?  (I realize we have probably answered this question about 5 times, but lets do it again for him). 2.  Is there someone at ENA Tino can talk to about a getting a quote for long term and/or short term power purchase prices for Four Corners delivery?   If he can get something the DOE thinks is a good price, they m ay just sell all the surplus power forward.  If not, they'll just hang on to it and sell it into the cash market in monthly and daily deals.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print--I'll look at it in the am (maybe!) DF 
 I'm ok with the change.  Just curious, but Courtney doesn't get any  time value of money recognition on his prepayment?  Also, the prepayment gives us a cash, but not earnings, benefit, right?  Thanks.  DF 
 Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last meeting.  I'm not sure we create a separate set of goals and objectives for each operating company, although Bill's ET&S goals and objectives obviously cover both.  I want to see if we need to create some kind of new document or whether we can use something off the shelf.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I think you said you have this covered, but just in case, here is the latest.  DF 
 Am I the only one having a deja vu experience?  I know you can't believe what you read, but the trade press makes it sound like capacity to California is worth about a zillion bucks--are we sure we want to do this???? DF 
 Oh, wait a minute--I was thinking current prices, not April-Oct. prices.  Is the basis  for that 7 month period below max rates? 
 Bill, attached is a memo prepared by Susan Scott that does a good job of answering the several questions that you had about the situation at Topock. Note that in Susan's first answer, PG&E has no obligation to Transwestern to accept gas at Topock.  They may well have obligations to their own transportation customers or sales customers that have to be satisfied with Topock receipts, but that doesn't give TW any rights against PG&E.  I realize these are not comforting answers, but I wanted us all to have a realistic understanding of where we are.  I'm running this by Lou in case he has a different spin on the history or the agreements.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm OK with it, thanks to some coaching from Jeff.  I would suggest that our marketers specifically mention to all interested bidders (especially Texaco) that the lottery tiebreaker is clearly identified in the posting and if they want to be there to witness it they better call us because we don't send out engraved invitations.  Good luck.  DF 
 Drew and Sandra Fossum 6068 Country Club Oaks Pl. Omaha, NE  68152 
 No--that ought to do it.  DF 
 Oh, how about sending one to Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns and ask Britt Davis if he wants one.  Thanks DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 In case you haven't done it already, please cross out the note on your calendar that today is the day the Conoco trial starts!  What better day to announce a celebration of the settlement, since without it many of us would be sitting in a courtroom in Midland wondering whether the trial would last 3 weeks or 30.   With that image firmly in mind, please plan on joining us for a celebratory dinner on Thursday, August 17th at 6:00 at Brennan's.  Again, thanks for all of your  efforts on this case, and I hope to see you on the 17th!  DF 
 Not that I know of.   DF 
 I'm on vacation and unreachable the 21st through the 23d, but will be in Houston on the 24th--10:00 would work fine.  If you've got Lou and Mike, you may not need me as they are the GPG Law designated spokesmodels on 2001 plan issues.  DF 
 Any news on looking at the NiSource storage stuff?  Have we gotten the packet from Chase or whichever investment banker guys you talked to?  I heard again from a non-Enron source that "Enron is looking at the MHP assets" so it must be true!  Thanks.   DF 
 Bueno.  DF 
 no comments.  thanks. DF 
 Excellent.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Ugh.  We are in for a battle.  Some of this may be OK, but I detect an underlying philosophy that pipelines should simply not be allowed into markets that unregulated players (using the gray market or financial products) currently have monopoly control over.  DF 
 pls print and put both mtgs on my sch.  thanks df 
 Looks good--one typo in bullet 4, I think "not addressing" should be "nor addressing."   Please bcc me and Mike on the final version.  Thanks df 
 please print.  thanks df 
 Please take a look at Vig's effort to detect price arbitrage behavior on TW using the same method that Steve Kirk used on Northern.  You'll recall that Steve's chart on Northern showed an very close correlation between the calculated arb opportunity and the direction and size of the aggregate customer imbalances, by month.  Proving once again that TW is just a little different, that method shows no correlation at all on TW.  I agree with Vig's conclusion that we should not use this data in the 637 filing.  I tried one alternative reading of the data to see if I could find a correlation.  Steve's method evenly weights the value of arb opportunities that occur early and late in a month.  Please tell me if you agree, marketing folks, but I think a more logical approach would risk-weight the apparent arb opportunites.  In other words, an apparent opportunity to short TW and sell the gas for a $.25/mmbtu profit on the 5th of a month is unlikely to generate arb behavior because a trader has no idea on the 5th what the cash out index will be at the end of the month.  In contrast, an opportunity to make $.25 on the 25th of a month, when a trader can calculate pretty closely what the monthly index will be, is basically free money.  Using that logic, I ignored any apparent arb opportunites in the first half of the month.   I eyeballed the timing and size of the arb opportunites (i.e., there's a $.70-.90 arb opportunity to short TW from the 23d to the end of May, 2000) rather than using Steve's mathematical approach.   I still didn't see the kind of correlation I'd expect.  The correlation is directionally positive in only 4 out of 12 months, and the size of the imbalances doesn't even make sense in the months that correlate on direction.  I give up, and am removing the arb argument from the daily imbalance section of the draft.  I'll route that separately.  Thanks to Vig, Susan, Lorraine and Richard for hustling on this analysis. "Its better to try [to find a correlation] and fail than never to try at all. . .." 
 Attached is my redline of your Sat. draft.  In addition to the revisions in the doc, I have a few questions and concerns: 1.  On the segmenting section, I think it is a fine legal argument, but it lacks something.  What is our "or else" position?  Does the Global Settlement give us any FERC-out rights or colorable argument that the entire deal should be unwound if FERC screws up the segmenting issue?  I'm not suggesting that we should trigger a FERC out if we have one, but if we arguably do, we should consider threatening to use it.  I'm afraid we come across as whiny and FERC's position will likely be "so what, what are you going to do about it?" If we have no arguable "FERC-out" and the only  "or else" we have is that we'll take them to Court and force them to adhere to the original deal, I'm for leaving the draft as-is.  We can make our appeal threat more direct on rehearing if they hose us in the initial order. 2.  On the arbitrage argument, I've taken out any reference to an example and softened the verbiage a bit.  I want to leave in the references to the arbitrage issue, however, because FERC understands the problem and believes it is widespread.  We don't need to prove exactly how big a problem it is on our system (although it would have been very effective if we had clear facts). 3.  Do any of the OBA changes arguably conflict with the Global Settlement? If so, we'd  better be prepared to eat our words from the segmenting section.  Covering ourselves in the sanctity of that Settlement in section 1 and then fiddling around with it in section 2 won't play well.  It is my understanding that the OBA system on TW was not part of the turnback resolution deal so I hope this won't be a problem. 4.  On FN 20, I'd suggest we use Vig's data and chart for May of 2000.  The arb opportunity is huge and clear.  We reference in the FN that we use all six of the Gas Daily price points, and I think Vig used just 3.  What's the right answer?  Good work everyone--please give it one more careful look on Monday AM and it should be good to go.  DF 
 I suspect this didn't get to you as I originally used your MSN address.  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 Oh oh.  Time for another nomination? 
 Count me in!  DF 
 Give me a call when you get the chance to look at this and I'll update you on the discussion we had yesterday on automating the request for service process.  Shelley, Tony and myself got comfortable that with a few changes to the verbiage a customer sees before he clicks on a parcel of capacity, and with a couple of minor limitations on the capacity we sell (i.e., no Subpart B-restricted 311 capacity parcels) Northern will be able to treat a customer's click on a parcel of capacity as submission of a request for service. 
 Tony, I agree it look s fine.  I've talked briefly with Glen and emailed my thoughts to them, but haven't had a chance to walk Glen and MKM through what we discussed yesterday.  DF 
 Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?  Please get me up to speed. Thanks DF 
 Leslie, I'll follow up with Mike McGowan.  Is there an invoice or something floating around that you are aware of?  Shall we just send to you Tom and have you get it to the right place?  I'm not sure anyone has been hired yet to fill Tim's position, but I know that is in progress.  Mike--please give me a call re: this.  Thanks. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I think we are pretty well covered on this issue--thanks for checking!  DF 
 Don't think so--where was he before his current job?  DF 
 Interesting.  I remember vaguely that we had some concern with how VAR was calculated.  I recall that Dave Neubauer didn't think that we were doing it right for TW.  Do you remember this issue?  If so, does this change address the same issue?  Also, I'll line up a meeting today or tomorrow on  the TW options filing in general, and we can discuss the customer meeting and also touch on this internal controls issue.  Thanks  DF 
 Ugh.  We'll keep working this angle if their new attorney shows up on deck, but I think Susan and I have done as much as can be done with Howard H.  Do any of you know what the Red Cedar facilities look like?  I.e. how many miles of line, any big diameter line, any compression, etc?  Howard must have read some old cases and gotten himself spooked that their facilites aren't gathering under the modified primary function test.  I'm not sure why he thinks signing a transport contract with us will make their situation any worse, but that seems to be his conclusion.  If Steve and Bill can't nudge Red Cedar's management into doing the deal, I'd suggest that you both or one of you ask Tsuri (sp?) to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard leaves, maybe with one of the Kinder Morgan lawyers on the phone also, and we'll try to straighten this out. 
 pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.  thanks df 
 I'm OK with this agreement.  Christine, I appreciate your explanation of how we developed the rate.  Hopefully, once FERC approves our purchase and sale of options, we can price them as a stand alone service.  For now, including the optionality as a bundled component of the total discounted rate--as we did here--is appropriate. 
 I called Tino today to let him know that our affiliates are sniffing around a power plant opportunity and potential gas bypass pipeline in Albuquerque. Kevin, you should be getting a call from a guy in Portland whose name I can't seem to find right now.  He had gotten my name from Thome out there and called to let me know that ENA is interested in pitching either PNM or some outfit called "Delta" on development or expansion of a gas-fired power plant in the south part of Albuquerque.  It didn't sound to me like ENA was very far along in their deal.  I explained to this guy what we were involved in and swore him to confidentiality.  I also told him he need to call either Kevin or Steve before he talked to PNM.  I thought it was a little curious that ENA is interested in generation in Alb. all of a sudden.  On the Tino front, he apologized for not calling after their big DOE meeting.  He said it went very well and that DOE is considering their offer--$.085/Kwh power less revenue sharing for all surplus power sold.  Tino and Dennis offered DOE 70% of the $$ from the surplus power sales until a certain target is hit (probably a target equivalent to DOE's current PNM rate less 10%) and then 30% of any additional $$.   Tino and Dennis really blew some smoke by showing the DOE guys this summer's Four Corners spot prices (generally in the $200-400/mwh range) and doing the math for them. On that basis, the net delivered power cost after rebate comes pretty close to zero. Even using a more reasonable sampling of Four Corners prices, the DOE price is apparently better than their current PNM price.  The big issue is whether DOE can figure out how to keep the rebate $$ at Sandia, rather than lose the $$ to treasury.   Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can to help.  Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn't get my computer to recognize his name.  Please call if you have any questions.  DF 
 pls print asap.  df 
 In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O. DF 
 Looks good to me--and I agree that we ought to use if for internal purposes only.  If people at the customer meeting want more detail than you guys are able to provide orally, we could consider adding detail to the FERC filing or even sending them some additional explanation that we may or may not decide to file with FERC.  Good luck today!  DF 
 Give em hell in the deposition my friend!  If you get the chance, ask them how much of that $400 mm they set aside for you!   Hey, we need to talk about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct. Interested?  DF 
 We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any "document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF 
 Yuck.  I am eager to discuss this with you both.  DF 
 Love to.  I'll probably be down in Houston next week--most likely thur-fri. I'll call you when I know fer shure.  Pheasant gig is around Oct 27-30 or so.  More detail to follow.  DF 
 Great--please send to MKM and other interested parties.  Thanks. DF 
 Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to. Thanks  DF 
 Does this fit our understanding of the policies?  DF 
 Jeff and Jeff--Pls keep me and Kathy Ringblom posted on whatever you find. Thanks. DF 
 Thanks.  Unfortunately, I think the answers are yes and yes. 
 I don't know what she is even talking about.  Why does MKM have someone "coordinating" the migration to Windows 2000?  Doesn't the IT dept. do that, or has MKM taken over the IT dept?  What "issues" could we possibly have???? Even if we had issues (which I most certainly do not, in spite of what everyone says) how could we possibly get the IT juggernaut to pay attention? We are all helpless to stop it in spite of our puny efforts to "coordinate" or "raise issues".    DF 
 Great!  L.D. is sending around a new slightly modified term sheet--lets talk tomorrow.  I want to get Lee into this also.  Thanks.  DF 
 Good question.  I think John is the designated hen shooter on the Omaha marketing team.  John, do we even allow TW people to use Pheasant Haven?  DF 
 Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a glowing report on the situation.  His opening day group is down to 6 guys so he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot at the rest.  He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out to fast and getting mad.    I assured him that the way we all shoot that wouldn't be a problem. When:  Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29. Where:  Kenebec S.D.  (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from Omaha) $$:   $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.   If we dwindle to less than 8, its $100 per guy.  (he will cut us some slack on this if some of you can only hunt 2 days.) Fish:  Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included Lodging :  Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.  Super 8 is a lovely place:  motto is "Labs sleep free."  $100 per night, 4 guys per room+ $25/head/night.  So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.   I'd like to get 10 locked in solid by end of Sept.  More than that would make the hunting a little clumsy.  Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due around this time.  What a lame excuse!!  You were there for the first 4, right? Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?  If you guys have anyone else that's interested other than the folks that have already been invited, let me know as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have around 10. Talk to you.  DF 
 You apparently didn't get this because my computer refuses to recognize your correct address.  Maybe this will work--I figured you'd want an opportunity to rebut.  Frank responded (through Deb Cappielo--he didn't have the guts to call himself) that he actually held the Gen. Couns. and Marketing VP jobs simultaneously for 3 months so I'm still way short of matching his record.DF 
 Damn.  I'm still in third place.  DF 
 Check with Steve and Lorraine re: whether we should call their lawyer.  I don't want to call FERC except as a last resort.  Thanks. DF 
 Awesome!  Tell Brother Dick that we're thinking about the camping deal--he's macho enough to groove on that.  Bummer about your dog rule--I was looking forward to sneezing all night.  DF 
 Great--Texans know the difference between a dog and a bird.  Still unclear whether they recognize the distinction between a hen and a hun!!!  (Read John's email more carefully!)  Of course, at Pheasant Haven you can shoot both (and probably the dogs too) so the difference doesn't matter.  Kevin, I've been thinking about your original reqeust and may need to exercise the Legal Dept. veto.  These customers of yours are the same ones that can't drive a jet ski without paramedics around, right?  And now you want them wandering around Nebraska heavily armed???  What the hell are you thinking? DF 
 P.s., thanks for the offer on the duck lease--I may want to join you sometime!  DF 
 Lou's right, I probably won't be able to help answer any questions, but I am happy to offer my insights on how to cut his budget.   DF 
 Bummer--it would have been a hoot.  Drinking and guns go together like ham and eggs.  I'm in a meeting from 8:15 til 9 but then free for awhile--give me a buzz whenever its convenient. DF 
 I noted in the Finance and Accounting report that you guys are setting up a meeting with AA to talk about the draft risk management document that folks had been working on a year ago.  Please include Tony and I.   We had some questions and concerns that I have long since forgotten but will renew and talk to you about before the AA meeting.  Thanks. DF 
 Shoot, I'll be on my way to KC for KS Ad valorem.  Tony--pls cover for us. Thanks DF 
 Great--am forwarding to Dave for his thoughts.  I'll talk to you when I get back. Marhta--pls print.  DF 
 Here is my suggested mark up (in bold) of Greg's paragraph.  I haven't sent it to him yet.  My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.  Dari, please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting Par. 7.   It is in the standard form OBA, but it is inconsistent with the new letter agreement.   DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 I thought Becky's draft answer to protests looked great.  Her mention of the amount of TW capacity held by the Indicated Shippers was an elegant touch. No changes.  Thanks.  DF 
 I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.  Thanks DF 
 take a look and we'll send it to Greg.  DF 
 Here is Dave's OBA calculation exhibit.  Please call to discuss at your convenience.  DF 
 Approved.  DF 
 pls remind me of this.  thanks df 
 Hey--how the hell are you?  Still having fun and living large in the big apple?  Things are great on the prarie--Huskers are No. 1 in the nation (I'm actually talking about college womens volleyball since I refuse to watch professional Husker football) and wife and small chicks are doing great.  As to SD firm, I've almost hired Lynn Jackson Schultz and LeBrun a couple of times and then ended up not needing them.  I think its the biggest firm in SD (big whoop)  and is pretty well thought of.  I went to college with a partner in their Sioux Falls office named Jon Sogn.  He's a commercial litigator and a pretty good guy.  Good luck and hope all goes well.  DF 
 I haven't seen one in a while--please send me the current one.  We are so rarely on duty up here in Omaha that it isn't really worth doing for us!  DF   Peggy Phillips   09/18/2000 12:52 PM 
 pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed one to Dave Neubauer and me.,  Thanks DF 
 Maria informed me that you left your shootin' irons in Texas when you moved up here.  What were you thinking?  I'm organizing a pheasant hunting trip in late October out in Western S. D.  Probably leave here Friday , Oct 27 and return Sun PM.  Any interest?  DF 
 This list looks much better than the other one.  Please make sure that we are clear with the FERC people that this is a list of AA projects related to CWIP and not a list of everything under the sun that AA does for us.  I want to avoid any appearance that we misled the FERC people.  Thanks. DF 
 Now that the celebrating has died down, lets decide whether to seek rehearing or clarification of the order.  If there is anything in it that disadvantages us, we should consider rehearing, particularly since it is a nearly certain that our friends at SoCal will file a nasty one. (It might be good for Steve H. or Bill or whoever has the best relationship with SoCal to make a high level courtesy call to extend the olive branch and tell them that we'll work with them to minimize their concerns blah blah blah.  At minimum, we'll probably learn if they do intend to seek rehearing)  I see two things that may be worth seeking rehearing on:  1.  The requirement that we disclose our discount agreements in 15 days. FERC really punted this issue.  They say that "since the expansion capacity is fully subscribed we see no reason why Transwestern should not publicly disclose the agreements. . . . "  This is the first time I've heard of any rule that if your project is fully subscribed you therefore lose your right to confidential treatment of sensitive pricing info.  At minimum, we could argue that the requirement is arbitrary and capricious because FERC didn't even mention its normal regulations and procedures governing filing of discount reports.  It just cited the certificate regulation that requires an applicant to "file" its rate information with the Commission (which we did) and ignores the regulation (Sec. 284.7(c)(6)) that doesn't require a pipeline to publicly disclose its discounts until 15 days  after the close of the billing period to which the discount pertained.  The commercial people need to decide if we care about this issue--i.e., how upset will the customers with the high rates be when they learn about the low rates?    Also, Frank and Steve and Susan--since the order imposes a 15 day deadline on this issue, do we need to file for a stay first and then rehearing?  2.  The ECS issue. I think we can work around this for the Gallup project, by filing a report describing the operational control TW has under the O & M agreement.   I've talked to Mark Knippa of ECS and he is running the idea by Courtney and will get back to me today.  My real worry is what the "operational control" requirement does to our future outsourcing/ monetization projects.  I think ECS and Hanover need to have operational control over the assets in our other deals (i.e., TW compressor monetization) in order for both of us to get the accounting treatment we need to monetize the forward revenue streams.  If we agree that TW will keep absolute operational control on this deal, FERC will use it as precedent when we come in with the TW compression deal.  Arthur Anderson will crap on the monetization part of that deal (which is, after all, the whole point of doing it) if TW retains too much control over the asset.  I'm not sure how to solve this yet, but lets all put some thought into it.  3.  Any others???  I'll turf to MKM the question of whether we need to set up a meeting on this and when to chat.  DF 
 I heard there was an article in the WSJ a few days ago on Blockbuster and that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?  Thanks. dF 
 Thanks.  DF 
 Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF 
 Per my voice mail yesterday--I'm getting more curious about what's going on with every garbled answer I get.  DF 
 The last couple of meetings with Elaine have been full of surprises for all of us!  DF 
 Sounds tempting, but I'm otherwise committed.  DF 
 Some of you may have seen the article in the WSJ already, but for those of us in Omaha (who don't typically get the Texas Edition) it was news to us.  Not only is the article relevant because it apparently caused the stock to dip by $10, but the article elaborates on concerns that apply to a form of accounting that some of our commercial people would like to have apply to our business.  I'm not sure the accounting rules would permit mark to market treatment for transport or storage contracts, but it may be appropriate for financial or commodity deals.  DF 
 Congratulations on your new responsibilities.  I look forward to working with you on the Litigation Unit stuff (as Eric will advise you, a very pleasant task!).  DF 
 Congrats big guy!  I look forward to showing you the sights in the Big O. Since that will only take about 10 minutes, we'll have plenty time to go out for a beer afterwords!  DF 
 Good idea--its good to get Martha out of town now and then so the rest of us can get some rest!  DF 
 You guys are making us and our shareholders rich.  I hope you are having fu= n=20 doing it.  Keep up the good work!  DF 
 I've redlined the outline to address what I believe is the most important risk you guys will face out there:  the risk that FERC will listen to your presentation and conclude that the embedded optionality that some pipelines are currently offering in transport contracts is a negotiated term and condition and therefore must be stopped.  I think we need to tailor the presentation and filing to minimize the chance that FERC will take away flexibility we think we now have (i.e., the flexibility to embed shipper puts in transport contracts).   Even if the TW approach on unbundled options goes nowhere, several of the strategies we may want to implement next year depend on continued ability to sell embedded options.   Susan, Shelley,a nd MKM, I still think it is a good idea to push this proposal, but am concerned that FERC might squirrel and go the opposite direction we are trying to push them.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 the bid/asked spread narrows as you go out in time also--weird.  I'll come down and grab you guys in a minute as I have a few questions.  Thanks.  DF 
 The Market Services bullets listed a capacity release deal between MUD and Oxy at 102% of max. rates.  Please let me know whatever we know about that deal--points, term, etc.  Very interesting.  DF 
 Thanks for the prompt info!!  I hope we can help this guy get his power plant built.  DF 
 Sorry, just got back from Houston and my duties require me to be in the big O for a few days.  Enerson and I were just talking about you on Friday--I'm forwarding this to him so he can take you out and feed you.  Hope all goes well.  Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters).  DF 
 John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord's work on this case! Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well.  Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this email address or by mail at 1111 S. 103d St. Omaha Nebraska, 68124.  Thanks. DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 please find out when/where this meeting is and get me in on it--also, is this attachment the same document that Tony sent me and I sent to you to print? thanks df 
 this answers when and where 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 the former--an extension of the 15 day deadline on disclosing the prices 
 Eric, I think it would be good for you to join us for this meeting.  We're following up on some concerns that arose during the Conoco case about inadequate compliance with Enron document retention policies.  I'm not sure that this subject is within your turf down there, but your historical experience may be useful. 
 Great to hear from you!  I'll forward this to the smart guys and see if they have any interest.  Let me know which pipes you'll interconnect with and we'll have a better sense of who else in the organization might be interested.  Kent and Morgan, when we get Tony's response on the interconnects, can you think it through from Florida's perspective also? Thanks.  DF 
 Im big on togetherness, but if you'd rather do separate meetings I'm ok with that also.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Did you all see the blurb in Sep. 29 gas daily on Williams' deal with PROS on a revenue management system?  May be useful to use with our management if there is anxiety about going forward.  DF 
 for calendar.  thanks df 
 Optional.  (to this meeting, I mean!) df 
 OK.  df 
 OK.  df 
 Stan is now the president of Northern.  Dari, have you seen any changes to the org. charts etc. to reflect this?  DF 
 Are you shittin' me?  Do we do this every quarter?  DF 
 FYI:  more O&M gymnastics, but so far no impact on law.  DF 
 What's up?  Did Rick fire you?  Or does he work for you now?  DF 
 Many apologies comrade!  By the way, "organization" is spelled with a "z" not an "s" in American English.  Or do you write in English American now?  DF 
 OK.  DF 
 I agree with your concern but I've gotten comfortable that the pleading does a good job of finessing the issue.  Technically, you are right and PNM's service is neither "firm" or "interruptible."  It is my understanding that PNM  assigns priority based on a number of factors including whether the customer is a core customer or not, et cet.  I think that PNM is capable of determining on a contract by contract basis whether the capacity will be firm, even though the rate schedule may not say "firm."   Explaining all that complexity would make it unlikely that FERC would approve the rehearing. Nevertheless, I believe its accurate to say that we will only repackage as firm service the capacity that we buy from PNM and that they tell us is "firm."  I think the draft does that, without going throught the unhelpful detail on how PNM handles its own priority system.  If I misunderstand the facts or if anyone disagrees with this approach, lets talk about it.  DF 
 This looks good to me.  Legal is still OK with this approach.  DF 
 Looks good to me  wiht Tony's revision.  DF 
 Lee, I did get your draft.  Sorry I didn't get to it right away.  My comments are attached.  Please review and make sure I didn't exaggerate the obligation too much.  I agree that Stuart should take a look.  Thanks. DF 
 OK by me.  dF 
 pls print and hand to me.  DF 
 I hope you make it in and get this Mon. AM!  We missed you!  Please print and hand off to me so I can head it during Bill's mtg.  Adios.  DF 
 Pls give me a call. DF 
 I don't see any immediate problem.  As long as the advertising didn't interfere with the effectiveness and efficiency of Hot Tap as a tool for satisfying our posting and notice obligations, FERC shouldn't care.  The revenue would be nonjurisdictional and would be treated as such in Northern's or TW's next rate case.  As to the "type of advertising," I can't think of a legal or regulatory reason we need to be picky, but we may want to exclude certain types of services that seem to rely heavily on internet advertising if you know what I mean.  DF 
 Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.  thanks df 
 I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC's questions without deferring any to other people.  Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and make sure you are up to speed on everything FERC has asked for and focused on so far.  You don't need to be an expert on all that, but a basic understanding of what they have already looked at will help you be more responsive to what they want to ask you about.  If you do get stumped, try to defer the question by telling FERC you need to check on a fact or two and can answer that question after a break or at the end of the interview.  By doing that , you should be able to get them the information they need without having them cross examine a bunch of other people.  Inevitably, if you ask enough people the same question, you may start getting different answers. Lee, I'd like you to be on the phone call with Ray, Keith and Gary to discuss generally what to be ready for and what FERC has already looked at.  Please let me know if anyone has any concerns about this approach.  DF 
 Shelley--looks good to me.  DF 
 Thanks for following up on this all.  I'm good on Stuart's recommendation.  DF 
 Excellent idea!!  There is ample opportunity for all three of us in the hot air business.  I talked to Dave yesterday and I think this is a great fit for him.  He's back to doing what he does best--convincing investors and customers to pour money into a hole in the ground! 
 MidAm advised us they intend to call the enforcement hotline, probably today, to get enforcement staff involved in resolving the Carlton timing problem (i.e., the absence of an order approving or not approving the settlement). If Midam does so, Enforcement will then contact Northern for a response--probably Dari or MKM or I, but who knows who they'll call. If they do, the following bullets are important to convey as our preliminary response to MidAm:  1.  Midam, and all of our customers, are aware that a Commission order on the June 2, 2000 Settlement is necessary before the precise flow obligation for this Nov-March period can be determined.  The flow obligation for sourcers like MidAm will be slightly higher--by about 3%--if the settlement is approved.  For all customers that have asked what the precise flow obligation numbers would be under the two scenarios, settlement approval or settlement non-approval, we have given that information.  We gave that information to MidAm also.  We can't file the tariff sheets setting out the specific number for this heating season until the Commission addresses the settlement.  2.  The true financial impact of the current uncertainty on MidAm is minimal.  We believe many of the sourcers have locked in their supply based on the lower flow obligation number, but with an option to increase their purchase quantity if the Commission approves the settlement.  MidAm may have done that, but we don't know.  If not, and if the Commission approves the Settlement, their only real "cost" would arise if they have to buy the additional flow obligation volume--about 1100 MMBtu/d for MidAm--now at a higher price than they would have paid if they bought it earlier when they locked up the bulk of their flow obligation supply.    Given the large drop in gas prices the last several days, there may not be any increased cost.  3.  The bottom line is that we really need an order on the Settlement.  The majority of Northern's customers support it as a fair solution to the Carlton problem.  MidAm is the only opponent that has raised substantive issues. MidAm is clinging to a financial windfall it gets under the old Carlton mechanism and has no reason to oppose the settlement other than preserving that windfall.   That's the end of the proposed script.  The last bullet may go to far, but I like it.  Frank and Steve, MKM suggested that you guys get Doering and Gorak and others to call FERC (hotline or otherwise--I don't think it matters) and express their concern that the order is not on the agenda.  DF 
 As soon as I know, you'll know.  DF 
 I'm good on this.  DF 
 I'm OK based on Susan's approval and with her one suggested change.  Thanks. DF 
 I tried calling you to confirm we are all square on the webtext for Northern but can't track down your ph. number.  Please call me if there are any problems or concerns.  Thanks for the help.  DF  402-389-7449 
 Great.  DF 
 Sorry, my form file is bare on that topic.  DF 
 Where are you gonna be on Nov. 7?  Victory parties (or defeat parties) I'm sure.  I may be in DC at least for the afternoon--gonna have any time free? DF 
 Makes sense.  Thanks df 
 As always, when we have a juicy topic, anyone on your  staffs that you think would benefit from this are invited to attend.  DF 
 Not critical--if you have nothing better to do, great.  DF 
 Doug_Gessell@Transcanada.com 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 Looks good to me--load away.  DF 
 Inspiring letter.  My few changes attached. 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Good idea on Kim and Martha--pls line them up for the next meeting after tomorrow (call Martha Benner to schedule)  DF 
 pls print what ever of this junk that I need.  df 
 Sorry, I missed it!  I haven't been briefed yet on what the plan is.  I assume we have one, however.  If anyone tells me what it is, I may be in a position to explain it to you.  DF 
 You are right-- Glen and Tony confirmed.  Thanks .  DF 
 Please take a look at this new communication tool at your earliest convenience and give your input to one or more projects.  This is our opportunity to provide meaningful creative input to the slew of new revenue generation ideas that are flying around.  I appreciate your efforts to make innovation as high a priority in the law group as it is throughout all of Enron!  DF 
 To synthesize what I'm hearing from you and MKM (and Mr. Ni),  our story is that we will post for sale an option with a specific MDQ, type (i.e., European option or American or whatever), flow period, and points.  For example, we'd post  a European call on 10,000/d of Nov. 01--March 02 Permian to Topock firm capacity with an exercise date of Jan 1, 2001.  the customer would bid an option price and a transport rate.  We'd look at both components under a publicly posted evaluation method to decide who wins.  I.e., we may post a method saying the winner is the one who pays the highest option fee so long as the transport rate bid is above "x".   Seems pretty straightforward, and we ought to be able to clarify this adequately in our answer to protests.  DF 
 Steve Anderton called today and has cleared the arbitration with his firm's conflict committee.  He's sending an email tomorrow describing the specific results of his conflict check.  I'll forward it to you both for review.  From my discussions with Steve, I think he'd do a great job as our arbitrator. Are we all in agreement on using Steve or are there some other competing candidates?  Do you guys want to talk to him or meet with him first?  Britt, do we need a retention agreement with Steve if we decide to use him?   A self-serving retention agreement may be a good idea if we think OneOk might challenge our arbitrator based on alleged bias.  Also, if we are good to go with Steve, I'd like to send him a package of the key documents and then meet with him to discuss the case sometime in the next week or two.  Britt, any concerns with my doing that as long as I don't send him anything privileged? (I'm assuming for the sake of safety that the attorney client privilege doesn't apply to our communications with our arbitrator unless instructed otherwise).  He is down in Houston two days a week so we could do it there. DF 
 pls circulate to the group.  Thanks df 
 Grab me to discuss for a few minutes--both would be interesting topics.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I'd be happy to give you some specific feedback on this project.  I think you did a good job of bringing some focus to a project that badly needed focus. I was particularly pleased with how you vectored off from what started out as a computer system enhancement project and instead you brought home a solution that allows us to improve things immediately with manual processes and then upgrade to a system if we choose.  You showed a lot of creativity and flexibility in adapting to the changing project focus.  I really valued your thoroughness in getting input from all interested parties.  Your legwork up front made it a lot easier to get needed buy-in when we finally brought management in.  The product was timely and I expect it to deliver on my expectations, although the implementation will be the key.  Thanks again for the good work, and expect me to be a frequent customer.  DF 
 Paul Bieniawski's phone number is 713-345-8641.  Go ahead and give him a call just as a courtesy  to let him what you guys are looking at at Bushton and let him know I put you up to it.  If he has some useful off the cuff insights, great.  If not, that's fine also.  I don't expect you to send him any material or get him deeply involved--just give him a heads up.  DF 
 Ugh.  Do we need to say "from storage inventory" or can we just mention gas sales?  I seem to recall that we already discussed that and the accountants wanted to mention the source of the sold gas, but if I'm wrong, lets make the reference less specific.  Thanks. DF 
 FYI.. This will be one of the topics this pm.  DF 
 Great--please make one change for me--change  "influence it" to "comment on it"  at the end of the first par. of B.  thanks DF 
 A couple of issues strike me as particularly important to report on tomorrow: (1) the TW train wreck--possible insurance coverage and strength of any claim against the railroad.  We ought to talk to Lou to make sure we have the latest info as I haven't talked to him since Thursday.  (2)  Status of possible litigation involving OneOk.  I don't think anyone has reported to Stan on the threatening noise from ONeOk about Praxair's rejection of the OneOk force majeure letter.  I'm sure MKM (or Dan on her behalf) will report that we are getting the strangers contract ready to send out, but she may not mention the Winston conversation with Charlie Graham.  I'll check the bullets again to see if anything else jumps out.  Talk to you at 8:30.  DF 
 I'm good with Maria's changes.  Thanks both.  DF 
 Looks good to me--I think you ought to have them file it asap.  Then we need to get a couple of additional shippers to respond to Edwards' thing.  DF 
 The easiest way would be to delay the closing until January.  Is there a reason we can't do that?  DF 
 What's the basis--do you currently use a laptop? 
 pls print.  thanks. dF 
 memo 
 Please follow up with Lou on this.  It sounds like something the commercial people would be in a good position to answer, so maybe start by finding out if they are already responding, either through Lou or otherwise.  Then get the right people to review and supplement this list.  Thanks. df 
 I appreciate the message, Tom, and by this email am requesting that my clients give this some thought.  Either Mike or I will be back in touch with you shortly.  Thanks again!  DF 
 pls print.  thanks 
 The truth comes out.   - MORONS1.GIF 
 Are you coming?  I think I owe you a beer or two, and since it will be on my expense account, I don't mind paying up!  DF 
 Are you going?  If so, I'll see you there.  DF 
 Sorry you weren't able to join my hunting boondoggle in SoDak!  It was epic. Lots of birds (the wild variety, not pen raised and tied down like at Pheasant Haven!)  We saw literally 1500-2000 birds over three days of hunting, and limited out every day.  Got my first double--two shots, two birds, nothun' but net.  You gonna be at the mgt conf?  I'd love to get caught up with you and share some new tales of woe from the pipeline group.    PS, I met Angie Green yesterday--very sharp young lady.  She said to say hi to you and Nicole.  Adios.  DF 
 Sorry to hear that.  Please convey my disappointment and hopes that all is well with Mark and his clan.  DF 
 Susan, MKM's got some good questions about this.  I'm still nervous as a cat about the deals, so please give me a call Mon. AM and let me know what you know about the scheduling priority and how it has changed now that this is an LFT deal.  DF 
 pls delete Dorothy's name from the Form 3 and replace it with mine and put in the dates from 1-1-99--12-31-99.  Please print me about 15 of each blank form .  Thanks.   DF 
 Here is that email I told you about last night.  I'm sure Wall Street feels= =20 the same way about the pipeline group.  DF 
 I've talked to Lee Ferrell about this, and it sounds to me like there are serious business reasons (i.e., cost and functionality) not to use the ENA system.  THe "sharing of resources" issue worries me, but might be solvable if the right people are in Networks instead of ENA.  I'll call you tomorrow. DF 
 OK.  DF 
 As we discussed, based on this email and the other information you have given me, I have significant concerns about our ability to use the ENA products discussed below.  Having ENA IT people involved on an ongoing basis in maintaining the software and assisting us in using it would probably constitute a violation of the marketing affiliate rules or would at minimum create the appearance of marketing affiliate violations.  As I understand the risk books, etc., confidential information on our various capacity positions would be all over the place and difficult or impossible to firewall off from ENA people working on those books.  If there is some firewall strategy that the ENA folks have in mind, i.e., if those IT people are or will be employed by Networks or Corp., I am eager to listen, but from what I have learned so far, I am not comfortable with our use of the ENA system.  DF 
 As you requested, following are the facts for the media regarding the negotiated rate deals that TW has recently done at rates in excess of the tariff max rate.   Please note that the first two transactions are already public and the following information can be disclosed now.  The third deal has not been filed yet and will not be public until it is.  That filing will be made before Dec. 1, 2000.  General:  TW has done three deals in the last week at rates in excess of TW's maximum tariff rate.  Each of the deals was done pursuant to TW's negotiated rate authority, which FERC granted TW in 1997.  (Order issued April 11, 1997, Transwestern Pipeline Co., 79 FERC Par. 61,021).  Pursuant to that authority, TW has filed negotiated rate tariff sheets with the FERC, which are docketed at Docket No. RP97-288.  Details on the specific transactions are as follows:  Deal 1:  Counterparty:  PG&E Energy Trading Rate Schedule:  ITS-1 Volume:    30,000/day Rate:  $.90/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges Term: the one day period of November 15, 2000 Receipt points:  NNG Halley, West Texas Pool Delivery point:  SoCal Topock  Deal 2:  Same as Deal 1,  except term is one day period of November 16, 2000 and rate is $.75/MMBtu  Deal 3:  Counterparty:  Sempra Energy Trading Rate Schedule:  LFT Volume:  10,000/day Rate:  $1.00/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges Term:  Dec. 1-Dec. 31, 2000 Receipt point:  Bloomfield Delivery point:  PG&E Topock  All of the above information is contained in TW's FERC filings on these transactions.  No other information is available as TW does not comment on specific customer transactions. 
 Stuck on the phone so I thought I'd email you.  Stan has asked Mike Moran if TW has any potential exposure on the high value transport deals under "anti gouging" statutes or common law.  You know, the laws that say you can't charge $100 per sheet of plywood during a hurricane or $50 for a bucket of water during a drought.  I think we need to research two things: 1.  are there any such laws applicable to our business?  (Cal. state law would probably be the best place to start) 2.  could the political/regulatory fight in Cal about power and gas prices ever expand all the way to our transport pricing?  I.e., if the CPUC whacks the power sellers for taking unfair advantage of their monopoly power, its not a big leap for the CPUC or FERC or even U.S. congress to whack gas sellers for jacking prices up to $14/MMBtu, as happened on Friday.  If that happens, its just another small jump to whack us for charging $1 for transport, or so the logic goes.  I'd like to hear preliminary views by 8:30 Monday am so I can talk to Mike before Stan's staff meeting (no written memo necessary).  Based on that prelim. research, we can decide what else need s to be done.  Thanks df 
 Hey, got my facts together on our Houston gig--we'll be down Sat. Dec. 2 through mon the 4th.  Any chance we could swing by on Sunday and see  you guys?  DF 
 That is by far the best line of the day!!  Unconscionability may be the thing I'm remembering, but I think there is some more specific law related to market dislocations--i.e., the Hurricane example.  Its sort of a twist on market power law--i.e., if the fates hand you short term market power, you better not use it.  DF 
 pls give me your comments next week..  thanks  df 
 Looks good--I'm faxing some minor comments.  Give George my best!  DF 
 Excellent reading of the legal authority issues as well as the political winds.  I think your sense of the likelihood of trouble is accurate.  I also agree with your implicit premise that if FERC or anyone else wanted to make trouble regarding our negotiated rate deals, the easiest approach, and the most direct one, is to challenge the deals as unjust and unreasonable under NGA section 4/5.  To challenge the deals under some state law "gouging" theory would give rise to preemption defenses on our part, etc.  I'll talk to you and Kathy further tomorrow AM and then we can grab Mike to discuss. Thanks.  DF 
 Here is a good example of the problem to which your research project pertains.  This info. could be devastating in the next rate case ( or sooner) if disclosed.  How comfortable are we with our privilege arguments?  DF 
 Outstanding!!!  Still colder than shit up here--what are you guys even thinking on moving up here????  I'll call you to check out the details later this week.  Thanks. DF 
 Great job.  I'll grab you and Susan Mon. AM to discuss this and her thoughts.  DF 
 fyi.  df 
 This morning I raised a concern regarding TW's sale of excess fuel at downstream points.  Here's the problem:  the tariff requires shippers to tender fuel to us at their receipt points.  With rare exceptions, those receipt points are not at the Cal. border.  Order 636 mandates that pipelines unbundle transportation from storage.  It also requires that pipelines that make gas sales do so at the furthest upstream point on their pipeline.  That latter requirement means that if a pipe buys gas at point "x", it should resell the gas at point "x" and not haul the gas to point "y" and then sell it there as a delivered (i.e., bundled) product.  My concern this morning was that our receipt of fuel gas in the San Juan or Permian and shipment of that gas to the Cal. border for sale arguably violates the unbundling requirement (because the Cal. border sale is a bundled combination of the sale and the transportation of the gas to the downstream location) or the "furthest upstream point" requirement or both.  Susan and my recollection was that when ECS wanted to receive the Gallup fuel deliveries at  a point other than Permian pool, we made them sign a transport contract to move the gas to where they wanted it.  I haven't confirmed that recollection but I am recalling that we told Courtney that we couldn't just move our fuel gas around whereever we wanted it--we needed someone to pay us to transport it.  Irrespective of what we did with ECS, I think the following is the correct way to look at this situation:  We receive fuel at the shippers' receipt points.  Once we receive it, however, it is no longer "fuel."  It becomes line pack until it is burned.   Line pack moves around based on a lot of reasons, including shipper imbalances, etc.  It also, obviously, has to move to the compressors where it is burned as fuel.   It is our job to  manage line pack, and that means we buy line pack at locations where we are short, and sell it at locations where we are long.  If we end up long at the Cal. border from time to time, we should sell excess line pack to get line pack back to optimal levels.  I wouldn't want to get into a pattern where we are consistently buying line pack in the San Juan and Permian and selling line pack at the Cal. border, but  thats not what we are talking about here.  I can't think of anything in the tariff or otherwise that is inconsistent with this interpretation of our authority as operator of the pipeline.  MKM--OK with you?  DF 
 I'm not aware of any legal or regulatory prohibition on our performing such a service for Citizens.  We can't actually buy the assets without a FERC certificate, but that's not what you are suggesting.   I can think of one example on NN in which Northwestern Pub. Service owns a some branch lines and we operate them.  Whether we do it as a separate legal entity or as TW is a strategy call that will depend on whether we want to keep the revenue stream out of the regulated pipeline entity.  Since TW doesn't have a rate case until 2006, there is probably no reason to put the contract in a separate entitiy until we get down the road a ways. 
 Tino called this morning with a quick report.  They are still negotiating with DOE on a power plant deal, but it looks pretty shaky.  The size of the plant has grown to 380 MW, for reasons that are unclear to me.  Tino has been ordered to develop an exit strategy in case the power plant deal falls apart.  He says Dennis has about $3 mm in the project so far, most of it related to the pipeline right of way.  The have a binding 20 year agreement with the tribes for the ROW that calls for a $100,000 minimum monthly payment.  I'm not sure the entire route is perfected or not or whether the ROW agreement includes fiber optic rights etc.  The question is whether we are even interested enough to justify a closer look, since the rights Dennis has pulled together will probably be available for cents on the dollar.  I told Tino I'd give him a call next week to let him know.  At minimum, I'd suggest we have one of our ROW guys take a look at whatever they've got and advise us on what its worth.  Your thoughts?  DF 
 Tino implied that it was transferrable, but we'd need to look at the documents to be surre.  DF 
 Approved on behalf of Dari.  The attached document has the dates right--its Nov. 29, 2000 through Dec. 31, 2000.  DF 
 I'll look at it on the plane and talk to you tomorrow.  DF 
 Do I need to do anything re: this?  Thanks. DF 
 First, congratulations to all five of you and the others on your staffs who were involved for working together to get the excess line pack deal done today.  As I understand it, TK was able to sell 10,000 MMBtu at the Cal Border for something like $15 thanks to your efforts.  This thing went from Dave and Kent's idea to you guys' execution in about two days, even with a (slight) delay due to my panic attack on whether we can make downstream sales.   Great job!   Second, I think TK, Kevin, Maria and Glen and I have come up with a workable set of guidelines on when similar deals can be done in the future.  The key, as I expressed in the attached email, is that the sales be driven by a legitimate operational basis.  If Gas Control verifies that we have excess line pack at a location and that making the sale helps get line pack to optimal levels, such sales are appropriate.  Gas Control should also verify that the operational basis for the sale can be documented if the need ever arises.  Today's deal is a great example of that as we actually communicated to outside parties that we anticipated some pressure management issues.  If there are ever any questions about when such deals are appropriate, or about how to document the operational basis, please give me, Susan, or Maria a call.  Again, great job!  DF 
 I'm expecting a nastygram from Harris ragging on me for dishing out credit for his idea, but haven't seen anything yet!  DF 
 Lets talk today, susan.  I need to satisfy myself that this is really one of those "shit happens" situations like everyone seems to believe, rather than a situation where we may have a cause of action and some $$$ owed to us by someone.  DF 
 I had a problem approving one from home a couple weeks ago, but I think it works OK now.  May have been a bad phone line.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great--we ought to be able to about close this effort out at this next meeting I hope.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 Looks OK to me, subject to approval from MKM's group.  Should we also solicit turnback in the East of Thoreau area in addition to soliciting it from Cal. border to Thoreau?  Is it our theory that since Thor.-Cal is the constrained segment, thats the only area we need to solicit turnback on?  DF 
 A $14 IT deal?  The $14 deal was a sale of operational gas, right?  DF 
 I'll be in South Dakota from the 28th of December through the 3d of January. While there, I can be reached via my voice mail, which I will check daily, or through my cell phone at 402-630-8461.  At all other times, I will be Omaha and reachable at my office number, cell phone or home number of 402-572-8595.  Thanks.  DF 
 Yes.  Sorry I forgot to cc you.  If it got lost in the process, have them send it again, or forward this email to payables as my approval.  thanks df 
 Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from retirement.  Do you own any?  DF 
 I'm booked from 10-11, 11:45-1:30 and 2-3.  I can stay after school if necessary.  DF 
 pls print for my mtg tomorrow.  thanks df 
 Should we respond to PNM's protest of the dollar valuation of imbalances prior to netting and trading?  Did we already respond to this issue when they filed their protest of the 637 filing?  DF 
 Congratulations on the move!  Its great to see a reorg that actually seems to make so much sense!  Thanks again to you and Terry for watching the three stooges on Saturday night.  It was great seeing you guys again and getting the kids a chance to play for a while.  We'd love to return the favor next time you come up to Omaha--the weather is getting real nice right about now!!  DF 
 A team of folks including Dari, Glen Hass, Don Vignaroli, etc have beaten these issues to death--we have a very detailed set of materials summarizing the findings of the group.  Bob Burleson should know that, as I think he was at the meeting when we went over this stuff.  Viggy, did we get the info from our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)  If not, we ought to send it to them and ask them to call for follow up.  DF 
 I'm inclined to agree that its not worth responding to.  They also argued that imbalances should not be dollar valued before netting and trading are available, but that strikes me as an industry wid e policy issue and not a TW specific issue.  Any other thoughts?  DF 
 Give me a call at your convenience and I'll give you a data dump.  DF 
 pls put on my calendar.  df 
 OK.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I had assumed that the cost of service underlying the 11-1-99 rates was the most recent data we have handy, but I guess 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 What a mess.  Keeping discovery at bay should, obviously, continue to be a very high priority for us.  Let me know if these strange events signal an increased likelihood that Gynberg will be able to pursue discovery.  Thanks. df   STACI HOLTZMAN 12/11/2000 09:06 AM 
 Thanks Bob.  I feel a lot better, particulary since the year end documents won't have to have all the detail.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks df 
 I'll be out on the 2d.  I'll have Maria participate and pass anything on that is of particular concern.  Thanks df 
 Lindy, if all FERC wanted is  a list and contacts, this looks fine.  If they wanted exact MDQ and usage numbers for each customer, let me know.  DF 
 When you guys settle on a name for NewCo, please let me know and also call Lillian Bailey at Corp.  Her # is 33577.  Thanks. df 
 any word on the supreme court ruling?  I figure that ought to add $5 to the stock price instantly, if it comes out right.  df 
 pls get on my sch.  thanks df 
 Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri.  Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit him on the way home.  thanks df 
 I wish.  As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were two primary reasons:  (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison, and, more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF  (its better to be lucky than good!) 
 Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10!!!  You think Lay is taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin???  That's the rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny hotlanta. Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy lifestyle thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF 
 pls print with attachments.  thanks. df 
 Great--I'd be happy to testify if the consensus is that it would help.  Go ahead and draft something up and we can talk soon.  Thanks.  DF 
 Yes as to the question, and good idea on the reh. req.   I'm circulating a draft of the contract required for the compliance filing on the ECS issue this PM.  Thanks. DF 
 You correctly predicted my reaction.  I think we should let sleeping dogs lie.  Also, was it just an oversight that the FERC ignored the unsold capacity that TW controls in evaluating how much of the available capacity that Enron controls?  That conclusion is good for us, if it was intentional. DF 
 Please review this final draft at your earliest convenience and get back to Britt or me with your comments.  Thanks.  Martha, please print it out for me.  Thanks. DF 
 Pls review and give me your OK, then I'll respond to Christine.  Thanks. DF 
 Ann would like to be rotated off.  Thanks.  DF 
 See ENE today?  Glad I didn't quit my day job.  DF 
 pls priint for my 2:00 mtg.  thanks . DF 
 I agree with you that par. 4 doesn't give NMNG anything beyond what the tariff and general contract law gave them.  The "subject to agreement by Transwestern" language is redundant since the previous clause says " by mutual written agreement."  Additionally, its confusing and innacurate because the "provided, however, that" clause isn't even binding if we mutually agree to eliminate it.   I therefore think we ought to take par. 4 out, or at least remove the "provided however" clause.  I don't agree that we can only decrease their MDQ by using capacity release.  We can mutually agree to terminate their contract or reduce their MDQ without using cap. release. I suppose we would need to use cap. release if the termination or reduction of their MDQ was a sham designed to get the capacity from NMNG to another shipper, however.  I would propose one change to Par. 3 just to make the discount more clear. The par. talks about primary delivery points but is silent on primary receipts.  I'd add this, after the words "Appendix A" at the end of the current first sentence:  "and receipts at the primary points of receipt set forth on Appendix A.  The discounted rate shall also apply to receipts at alternate receipt points in Transwestern's East of Thoreau (EOT) area."  I'm a fan of being extremely clear when we limit availability of discounts, and think we should always fully explain what the discount applies to at both the receipt and delivery end of the deal.  Susan, please work with Christine to get these changes made.  I'd like to eliminate par. 4 entirely, but I can live with it if the business people want to leave it in, as long as we eliminate the "provided however" clause.   With these changes, I'm OK with the contract.  Thanks. 
 pls print w/memo.  thanks. DF 
 I'm heading to KC tomorrow for a meeting with Langley and Tino on some goofy project.  Funny thing is, now that he is sitting on $100 mm, I take everything he says pretty damn seriously!   If word gets out, expect another huge dive in ENE price.  DF 
 pls print asap.  thanks. dF 
 You guys probably don't remember this (I didn't until I checked the file) but there were a couple of exhibits to the Transwestern Gallup contracts that we left to be attached to the final contracts after execution.  My recollection is that we were in such a hurry to get the Compression Service Agreement signed and sent to FERC that we left a couple of these things to do later. Now that we have the FERC order, I want to get these contracts off my desk and off to Corporate Records or whereever original contracts go to die.   On my originals, I'm missing Exhibit B to the CSA (which is the CDEC Rate Schedule No. 21),  and Exhibits A and C to the O&M Agreement.  Susan, please coordinate with Gerald to get these exhibits in our respective files and we can send these contracts off to the central rathole and be done with it.  Thanks to you all.  DF 
 Thats weird, my computer just deleted the recipients from the email below. I'll try again--do you guys still work here?  DF 
 I think we can tell Rich yes, but please confirm that for me.  thanks.  DF 
 I'd love to see us keep the capacity release upside above the discounted rate on all these deals but if we can't get it, we can't get it.  Approved.  DF 
 Bummer.  Never hurts to ask.  I'll cycle on this and get back to you with= =20 follow up if any.  Thanks for your help on this.  DF=20 
 Re:  Dave Foti--this is what I was talking about.  He cranks out some pretty well thought out stuff.  DF 
 For those of you who didn't have the patience/patriotism to listen to your president for the whole hour and a half last night, let me share a highlight:  Clinton announced a new $1 billion program for economic development on the reservations.  Langley may be onto something.  If he/we can get the first deal done in New Mexico and assuming Gore wins, there may be opportunities to replicate the deal elsewhere.  I'm thinking of tribal lands in Minnesota, Wisconsin, S. Dakota, etc.  Perhaps Bill should call Chairman Ken and talk to him about changing sides.  Notice that I'm not volunteering to make that phone call. DF 
 No I'm not in bed.  Please print--I'll be in in an hour or so.  Thnaks.DF 
 FYI.  DF 
 I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU!  Flying on this flight stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus!!  DF 
 Great!  We've got a meeting set for 9 am on Wed on the regulatory structure of the pipeline.  Also, I talked to Kevin and Tim separately today on the market research issue.  I think Tim could probably identify the specific electric rate PNM charges DOE at Sandia and DOD at Kirtland as well as the general tariff rate for large industrial service.  If we are lucky, there might be some info in PNM's last rate case on the discounted electric rates it gives specific large industrials (if any).  Obviously, any info on gas or elec. loads and rates would be useful.  Kevin, I told Tim you'd give him a call to convey further thoughts, but this is probably enough to get Tim started.  I got a call this afternoon from Tino.  He asked our help on right of way issues with BNSF.  Could Steve, Kevin or Lorraine take point on trying to find out if we or anyone within Enron has a good contact at BNSF that we could use?  Lets keep all such external contacts very discreet to avoid tipping PNM that Enron is involved.  Just in general on the confidentiality issue, Tim reminded me of an important date we all need to keep in mind--the current leglislative session in Santa Fe ends Feb. 17.  We need to be absolutely sure that we don't tip PNM off that we are talking to Langley before then so we don't get them interested in the leglislative fix we are supporting on the Plains-Tri State merger.  Tim believes PNM could spike that leglislative fix in a heartbeat if they wanted to.  That issue is real immediate dollars, so lets not let a future deal screw up a present deal (even a lawyer like me can figure out the cost benefit on that situation).  Tino had a new fact to work into the economics:  DOE has 6000MMBtu/d of pure gas load at Sandia in addition to elec. load.  No number yet on Kirtland gas load.  Also, Tino has heard that a guy named Jeff Sturba will likely replace Montoya at PNM before the end of the year.  Has anyone else heard that?  Do we know him?  I told Tino that one of us would give him a call back by the end of the week just to report in on our analysis.  At minimum, we can probably pass on the name of a contact at Enron Wind for Tino to bother on the windmill thing. Turned out that the wind pilot project is on the Rosebud reservation in S.D. and has nothing to do with the Albuquerque project anyway.  Sorry about the random message but thats how my brain is working today.  DF 
 Attached is a draft of an "operational control agreement" designed to address the concerns stated in FERC's order approving the Gallup project.  We may or may not actually file it as part of the required compliance filing, but will describe it in detail in the "report" FERC ordered us to file.  The substantive terms track the language that is already in the O&M Agreement. Please give me or Susan a call with any questions or comments you may have. We expect to file this by I believe the 12th of Feb.  or so.  Thanks.  DF 
 pls print.  thanks.  DF 
 Mark, I understand we need to act very quickly once we have turned you loose to price the swap.  I think this is a Harris and Nelson call, so lets talk tomorrow.  I'll look at the contracts again to verify our risks in locking in before we are 100% sure we are going ahead with the project.  DF 
 If the cost savings are worth a little bit of hassle, we can do this.  We'll need to make a FERC filing by the end of the 1st Q 2000 to identify the "shared facilities."  Also, if you decide to go forward, don't do it until 1-1-2000 so we don't have to scramble to get the info in front of FERC this quarter.  Let me and Maria know what you decide to do and we'll arrange a briefing on the specific rules to be aware of and we'll make sure we understand the situation fully so we can properly disclose to FERC what is up.  Please call with any questions. Thanks.  DF 
 Its a railroad.  Now known as BNSFCN (Burlington Northern Santa Fe Canadian National).  DF 
 ??????  I thought our folks had a pretty clear understanding of their respective jurisdiction and expertise.  Apparently not.  Lets talk about the specifics of this incident when I get back to the office.  Actually, I'll see you tomorrow Lou and maybe we can dial Dot in.  Thanks. DF 
 I'm good on this.  DF 
 The problem is back.  For a while I couldn't send an email to the wrong Steve even if I tried, but now the computer's doing its own thing again.  I'll try to remember to use "steven" but my recollection is that that didn't always work either.  Thanks.  DF 
 How much time did you say you will have????  If you can get through  a tenth of that in 5 minutes, you are much quicker than I!  Also, in an amazing coincidence, your outline looks very similar to MKM's speech for the Canuck gas conference next week.  Good job on both!  DF 
 pls print.  thanks. DF 
 Well, there you have it.  We waited and we blew it.  What a bunch of dummies.  Next time someone calls and gives me a special deal thats only available for a limited time, I'll jump on it!   Kevin, please let me know what Steve, Bill, and Stan ultimately decide to do on this.  Thanks. DF 
 How bout 1?  Thanks. DF 
 pls give that copy of Gorak's sba filing to maria.  I think I left it with you and Mary.  df 
 Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.  Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system.  We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system.  We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost.  In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.  Do we have someone who is watching this out there? We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.  James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.  That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.  Thanks.  DF 
 Great--the front running ideas now are (1) an operational sale in the San Juan of the 20,000 we recieve there and an offsetting operational purchase (less basis differential) at some other location (i.e., the permian) thus freeing up 20,000/d of physical space on the lateral; or (2) an exchange agreement under which a party takes our 20,000 in the SJ and gives us back the same amount, less basis differential, in the permian.  The SJ 20,000 would still physically flow down the lateral, but it would have to move under someone's transport agreement--in other words it wouldn't be incremental to our 850,000/d of firm transport obligations.  I don't know if this will work yet, but it was a creative idea by Keith and Donna.  I'm eager to talk to Steve Harris and Susan about this because it sounds similar to a scenario that Susan researched  a while ago and that Lindy explained to me--maybe there are problems or solutions yet to be considered.  DF 
 I think that is exactly right.  I suspect that the marketing guys could work up a simple formula for determining our course of action depending on the size of the revenue opportunity vs. the power cost/penalty.  Thanks. df 
 I don't see anything controversial in Leslie's outline.  We've done  a lot of thinking about Dynegy's "funny money" argument and I volunteer Maria to work with you and Leslie on making sure ENA's comments are consistent with ours on this and all related issues.  DF 
 pls print.  df 
 Sack, lets see you try this with United flight #1292 from Memphis to Peoria. Hope all goes well in the airline bidness and hope to see you soon.  It won't be on one of your flights, however, as I've instructed my travel staff to avoid United just in case I get you and you decide to try out your old top gun moves on a DC10 or whatever the hell you fly!  DF   - FLYBY.jpg 
 pls print thanks. dF  Also, pls send to ETS lawyers fyi.  Thanks. DF 
 Nice thought,  but Lay spiked the Treasury rumor right after I started it. Bummer, that bag boy job would have been a lot of fun.  And to think I started out as Dave Hooker's bag boy!!!  DF 
 here it is.  df 
 pls print all this stuff.  thanks df 
 On Thursday last week the Commission eliminated the old "Texas Eastern" rule that required pipelines to obtain prior FERC approval before contracting for transportation and storage capacity on upstream or downstream pipelines.  The new rule allows pipelines to acquire and use such capacity without going to FERC first.  The rule does reiterate that bundled sales of gas are still prohibited, and further provides that the acquiring pipeline will be financially at risk for the costs of the acquired capacity.  Interestingly, the acquiring pipeline apparently has the option of selling the acquired capacity under its own rate schedules or of releasing the capacity pursuant to its capacity release program.  The order is silent on whether the price cap applies to short term releases of acquired capacity.   While we are still reviewing the order and may provide additional guidance at  a later time, I'd emphasize for now that our normal contract approval procedures and authority thresholds should be deemed to apply to capacity contracts.   For example, the "Approval Authorization for Cash Expenditures" dated Feb. 3, 2000 provides Dave and Steve with authority up to $250,000 on operating expense obligations.  Please contact me if you have any questions on this matter.  DF 
 I agree with Danny's email that the key timetable issue for the incremental 10,000/day appears to be lead time on fabrication and delivery of the 15,000hp motor.  It was my understanding that the long lead time items were going to be ordered shortly (if they haven't been already) and that we'd take the financial risk.  If that is our approach, the regulatory approvals won't be the critical path item they usually are.  I've reviewed the FERC application and we should be able to file it shortly, perhaps with a request for temporary emergency certification if we decide that would expedite things.  Additionally, we are looking at transactions that would allow us to avoid physically hauling the 20,000/day of fuel down the San Juan lateral. If we could unload our fuel requirement from the San Juan, the additional horsepower at Gallup might provide some additional flexibility or additional capacity.   I'll talk to Steve today to make sure we are doing everything possible to expedite these efforts.  DF 
 Here is the latest on timetable on Gallup.  Susan, please get your edits on the draft to Donna and me by tomorrow.  (call me if you need more guidance on what I have in mind).   Donna or Keith, please let me know what additioonal information you are waiting on and what the likely timetable for filing is. Also, Keith, what was the answer from ops/planning on whether unloading the 20,000 of fuel from the San Juan would help with more flexibility or capacity?  If you haven't been able to get a meaningful answer, let me know who to call and I'll try. 
 When you guys give me a new computer, can I get a (smaller) laptop with some kind of docking station???  I don't need a desktop if I get a good laptop.. I'd suggest we keep the IBM laptop as the department's roving laptop if it is upgradable to Windows 2000.  Thanks.  DF 
 Danny, I'm resending as I had the same problem Cindy did.  I'll give you a call later today after I've talked to Harris to discuss the various Gallup scenarios to make sure you and I are on the same page.   The plan that makes the most sense in my mind is to ram the 10,000/d  project through asap, with no firm contracts to preserve our options on a NEWCO structure.  We'll simultaneously implement a new approach on San Juan fuel transport if possible and then throw the big expansion into the hopper at FERC in January as Stan suggested.  I hope that timetable is doable--it all depends on planning/ops deciding what they want to build and then clearing our financial hurdles.   DF 
 Way cool.  DF 
 Latest Tino-gram:  Apparently high power prices at 4 Corners have DOE excited about the project all of a sudden.  The latest configuration is in the 300-380 mw range.  Tino needs us to check if the ENA guys would be interested in buying the surplus capacity on a demand charge basis (I think these are basically tolling agreements--ENA would pay a monthly capacity reservation charge per KW of capacity and then pay actual fuel and variable cost for power that is actually dispatched)  $7/kw if the thing is simple cycle or $10/kw if combined cycle.  Variable cost would be $.005/kwh and fuel is whatever it is--ENA's problem.   I'm trying to get ahold of Tino to confirm, but I think these are prices at the plant, not FOB 4 Corners.  Please give me a call and see if you can get a quick reaction from our ENA guys.  Thanks.  DF 
 Cool.  Do we have any most favored nations problem when we start doing backhaul service or have we already crossed that bridge with the EFBH deal? DF 
 Is the difference between the first two cases and the second two cases the higher 775 lb suction pressure that we hope we could get from pigging the line?  If so, does this email say anything about whether we could get 10,000mmbtu/d to the Cal. border assuming the pigging successfully gets us to 775 lbs?  Lets talk to McShane tomorrow.  Thanks.. DF  e 
 Absolutely.  I got a report yesterday on the 30-40 million/day that Phil and his guys may be able to squeeze out of the system with debottlenecking etc. We'll be ready to go to expedite any approvals that may be necessary on that project.  On the quick 10 million/day that we've been working on, there's a potential alternative to building more Gallup horsepower that may get us the 10 million much quicker and at a lower cost.  Steve Harris and I talked about it yesterday and I hope we can run it to ground in a day or two.  We will be ready to file at FERC shortly on the 15,000 hp at Gallup if the alternative doesn't pan out.  We'll look at combining the 30-40 mm/d project with the Gallup compression for FERC filing purposes.  DF 
 Pls get me in on the meetings with Galasinsi and Mcchane. df 
 Julie--pls forward to Danny.  I've had trouble the last couple of days getting emails to go through to him.  Am I doing something wrong? 
 I have been typing in his name and letting the computer address it.  I've now added his "@enron.com" address to my address book, so lets see if that does the trick.  Thanks!  DF 
 I'm glad to have Tino talk to him direct--tee it up that way if you can. Tino's new number is 913-441-1800 (ext. 109).  Thanks Kevin and have a great holiday!! DF 
 I'm out the 28th but am glad to discuss today or the 27th if there is anything else I can add on the subject.  Thanks. dF 
 Colder than shit on Fri-Sun.  Nice tomorrow.  I'm getting the urge to play hooky.  DF 
 Do we need to give notice to customers before we shut in receipt points due to off-spec gas?  Sec. 44 of the NN tariff implies to me that if a customer's gas has too much water, for example, we can shut it in at any time without notice.  Please confirm ASAP.  DF 
 Lets talk about this on the 4th or 5th.  I'll have Martha set up a meeting.= =20 Note that this will catch the Sempra negotiated rate deals, but not our=20 January deals (yet).  DF 
