m. on Monday, November 5, or sooner, if possible.  I will need to make books and have them copied prior to the Lay Reviews on November 8.  On Nov. 1, please bring a copy for Stan, Rod, myself and a few extras.  If you need any help or have any questions, please give me a call at 713-853-7372. 
  ETS             102.0 PGG              54.7  Includes GW adjustment $5.2 EGAS           (29.8)  Includes tranfers in and out of other groups.  Do we need to go over this to make sure the other groups are adjusted appropriately? EEOS           (35.9) EREC            51.2 AZURIX         (19.0) Clean Fuels   (21.1) --------- 103.6 
 Stan only mentioned Rod and myself.  You might ask him before I ask anyone else.  Thanks 
 I have to leave the office now.  I will call you around 11:00 and we can meet somewhere. OK. 
 Can you verify please 
 I will have Mary check into this when she gets back on Thursday.  I believe it should be part of the allocation. 
 We don't report this info separate.  I am afraid it will lead to alot more questions.   I would prefer system average.  Thanks 
 We should use previous quarter forecast. 
 I can't wait to see you tonight.  If you have alot of things to do at home, I don't mind driving to your house after Jackie's conference.   I have an Azurix 2002 Plan review from 2:30-4:30, so I will not be at your staff meeting.  I should be around until then.  Love you,  Red 
 I have some errands I need to run at lunch.  I can pick my things up then.  About Las Vegas,  I never received a confirm on Danny Gains last week.  I am not sure what happened, however, I called the Mirage directly and he is sold out that weekend.  Anything else you would like to see?  What about for dinner, any place special you would like to go? 
 I have spoken with Adam directly on this as well. 
 Can people dial in  internationally with this number? 
 Qestion 3:  84% throughput utilization against contracted-for capacity for September YTD. 
 Yes, Adam Umanoff needs it I believe.  Why don't you contact his assistant Lorraine Telles. 
 Yes, we will go ahead with the meeting.  Actually, I will cancel for everyone else and Rod and I will meet with Stan for November and December.  Thanks Tracy 
 Are we still going to do depreciation by function for the 2002 Plan? 
 yes 
 Yes, I will be there. 
 I also need to talk to you about EGS targets for 2002 today.  Thanks 
 lets discuss 
 Friday 2:00? 
 fyi 
 I should be able to make it at 1:30. 
 I would plan on being at the meeting around 3:45 it shouldn' t take more than 15 or 20 minutes.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 The O & M/G & A graph needs to be done in two graphs.  One for direct costs and one for Corporate costs.  This way you can better see the increase in the Corp costs.  Thanks  Tracy 
 yes 
 I miss you too. Lunch was good.  The bread pudding was the best part.  I wish I could have been with you.  Love you 
 I am not sure if I will be able to be there the entire time.  I have an all afternoon meeting with Stan tomorrow that I will be preparing for. 
 This is for EREC not Azurix.  So, don't worry about it. 
 I have Steve's slides.  Eric do you have your slides revised including Transpecos?  I do not have that yet.  Thanks 
 Stan is available October 18 from 1:00-3:00 in his office.  Will this work? 
 Please use the following e=mails, james.weitekamp@enron.com and tracy.geaccone@enron.com I would like to discuss how you two are spending your time and where we are. 
 WE are doing October. 
 I need to reschedule this afternoons call.  What about Monday morning after 9:00? 
 thanks 
 This makes me very happy!!!! 
 My cell phone number 713-408-0929 still has not been set up to be paid directly by Enron.  Please take care of as soon as possible.  My e-id is 10003537.   Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 I don't know if we have the Trailblazer info in house.  Mike McGowan in Omaha would be the only one who might know.  If he does not have it, we wii have to call Trailblazer directly.  I don't know how to get in touch with Mike outside of the office.  Can you wait until MOnday?  If not, I can try information in Omaha. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I want the payment from the final bill to go to the Corp account as well.  I do not need the bill to go to my home address.  I would like it paid through I Buy It.  Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I need the August year to date actuals tied out ASAP.   I need to know what companies it includes as well.  Thanks  Tracy 
 No problem -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Are you sure? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Let me know if ICan do anything -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What level of detail do you need?  I have a high level in my office.  Jan has a lot of detail.  Do you need today?  I can call Jan at home so I can get access. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 IMight have something at the office.  I can be there within the hour. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This question is for NNG? Any idea.  I will check and see what I have. 
 I thought she was asking about EIS charges? 
 She actually left me a voice mail.  Maybe we are talking about two different things? 
 Its the SBA fees on the Base Gas deal that we did in 1999 and 2000. 
 thanks 
 I have vacation scheduled for Friday, November 9.  I will be back in the office on Monday, November 12.  I will have my cell phone (713-408-0929) and Blackberry with me if you need to reach me.  I will check voice mail a few times as well.  Thanks  Tracy 
 There is fair value but no goodwill. 
 ????? 
 Corp has been showing a previos IBIT of  a positive $15MM for EEOS.  I am not sure what you will see today.  The attached file explains from the $15MM to the previous forecast of ($35.9). 
 ???? 
 Peggy,  I have attached an invitation for Mother's Night Out for Mrs. Bryant's PreK class.  I would like to send them in this Thursday's Friday folder.  Please let me know if this is ok.      Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 FYI 
 Can you help with this one?   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What about this bvalgri in NYC?  There is not a phone #. 
 thanks Steve 
 Do you think you will need me to come back into the office tonight?  I don't want to let my nanney go home if you think you need me -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I thought this one was canceled. So I declined to get it off my calendar. 
 Did you set up my Corporate.  account for me?  My mobile number is 7134080929.  Please transfer the balance from my personal to my corporate.  Thanks   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 The 4th quarter forecast meetings with Stan scheduled for Tuesday, November 13 at 1:30 and Thursday, December 13 at 1:30 have been canceled.  Rod and I will meet with Stan separately.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Actually, you are a step ahead.  I am in the process of sending out an e-mail to cancel that for all parties and have rescheduled for you and I to meet with Stan at 8:30 on 10/18.  Will that work for you? 
 I still need to understand why we are at the 4.45% and what we can do in the future if anything to control it.   Can someone help me with this?  Thanks 
 Can you take care of this.  Thanks 
 Have we talked to Jan Johnson about this any more?  I need to know the scope and estimated expense before we move ahead.  I would still like to talk to Jan.  I will give her a call next week.  Thanks 
 On its way -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Working on it -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I like it.  I would like to make sure we know the definition per group. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Is it over? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Are you getting all the info you need?  'ames should be in and I can tell him or Steve where to get schedules.  I will leave my Blackberry on.  Good luck!    -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Michael works for John and we have reviewed the 3rd CE with both.  I can forward to you, I am curious as to what the report is that you are preparing?  Thanks  Tracy 
 One of my favorites!  Just tell me when and where. 
 FYI 
 We are still trying to work through this.  I should get back to you shortly. 
 Have a great work out.  I wish I could go with you.  Love you. 
 How is that ?  I don't have my work out clothes with me. 
 approved 
 Can you center map on slide for me.  Its slide 2.  I need this pretty quick.  Its for Danny McCarty for his presentation to Stan.    Thanks  Tracy 
 Did you have a good work out?  I enjoyed watching Soap Operas while the Vietnamese ladies worked on my hands and feet. I really miss you.  Love you,  Tracy 
 Actually, I don't need your map inserted because I can't have Northern Border in it.  Can you center the one I already have in the presentations? 
 Thanks!!!! 
 You are so good to me!  As long as we are together, it does not really matter where we stay.  I would prefer a king size bed as opposed to two double.  Although, if we mess up one, we can always use the other one.  The Lay Reviews are supposed to be over at 5:00, so any time after that.  I don't really have a preference on the return flight.  Love you 
 I hope I am not too late. 
 ETS             103.5 PGG              54.7  Includes GW adjustment $5.2 EGAS           (29.8) EEOS           (74.7) EREC            53.2 AZURIX         (19.0) Clean Fuels   (21.1) --------- 66.8 
 Are you going to join us for lunch? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Should I bring you something back?  Have you heard from Stan on the O and M? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I would use this along with the O & M schedules we sent you earlier.  If anyone wants more detail they need to go directly to Stan Horton or Brain Stanely.  Apparantly they have already worked up a plan.  Thanks 
 Jan Moore Erin Copeland Steve Kleb Mary Botello James Weitekamp  I know its all of my employees, however, they are all really good employees and have been considered as such throughout the PRC process.  They are key to getting the plan/forecast/estimates done within ETS.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Lets see what Jim's group comes up with and then we can fill in unless you have something handy to help out. 
 I love you very much. I can't wait for us to be together again. 
 EOTT 
 You might want to subscribe to this.  They have some really good deals sometimes. 
 I am on the phone.  I have not looked at anything.  We can address when we get back.  Have a good holiday.  Thanks 
 Please see the three tabs for EGS and complete for your business unit.  I will need this back to me by 2:00 today so I can consolidate and give to Corp by 3:00.  The numbers should be the ones consolidated to Enron only.  Jim and Bob, can you complete the EGS IS tab for me for ETS and EOTT.  Thanks  Tracy 
 can you help with the EGS Burn tab please.  I need back by around 2:00. 
 Please disregard for PGG. 
 Please call me as soon as you get this. Tod is out of the office. 
 My cell is 713-408-0929, my home is 713-664-0838.  I will also have my blackberry on. 
 What do you think? 
 I have revised it.  Steve, I hope you have time to look at all the other ones that were tuned in to make sure thy are right. 
 Thanks for all your help on the latest Corp firedrill.  Corp has notified me that they may call me over the weekend with questions.   Please e-mail with a number I can reach you at in case I need to contact you.  Thanks  Tracy 
 Has your 4th Q changed? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I heard that you asked for this in staff meeting this morning.  2002 Corporate aviation hours budgeted for:  Stan  120 hours $510,000 NNG    50 hours  $200,000 
 Well, the stock price is down $1 and some change because of the 3Q 10Q.  I went over the 4Q numbers with Stan.  He was ok with them.  I am either sitting in for him or accompanying him to the Whalley meeting today.  Enron announced they are going to have layoffs next week.  I am sure you have seen the e-mail.  The office is quiet.  How are things going up there?  Are you leaving this afternoon? 
 It has been great to spend time with you.  I am really going to miss you this week.  I need a kiss before I leave. Don't forget to order your ham.  Love you. 
 Can you have someone run a project report for me on Monday for work order #014107 on TW.  Thanks 
 fyi 
 No PGG? 
 FYI.  Highly confidential 
 I don't thing you need to until you get back. 
 Somber.  I don't think people were surprised about the layoffs.  I am planning to leave the office after the Whalley meeting unless you need anything? HOw are thing going up there? 
 Thanks. You have a nice holiday too. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Will you have to work? 
 Meeting with Whalley was interesting.  They are laying off 2000 people next week.  Shutting down EGM, EIM, possibly EEOS, alot of Networks, Broadband and Corporate.  I hope you are not working too much over the holidays.  Have a good one.  You can reach me by Blackberry or cell phone. 
 Iet me know if I can help. I will be back friday -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What is happening to the stock price?  I heard it was at 5?  Its not looking too good is it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Can you help me with this one? 
 Can you tell me how much has been approved on this work order? 
 Thanks 
 Does this reflect what was in the TW Commercial 2002 Capital Budget that we reviewed with Stan? 
 I am not sure if you  received the answer for this one, so here it is. 
 yes. do you need something? 
 It was a lady and we told her where you were.  I will call and check. 
 I have Rod's staff meeting, but I can miss it if that is the only time you have available. 
 thanks 
 9:00-10:00 okey? 
 Red Rock capital spend estimated $72 million for the 120,000/d 
 I need you to sign something right away.  Where are you? 
 We can probably do this.  However, if Steve Harris has not approved by then, I will not be able to send.  Why so early?  Why not first thing Friday? 
 I am not sure I understand what you need here? 
 2001 Estimate $36.5  2002 Plan $35.5 
 2001 Plan.  I don't really have a current estimate so to speak.  Will that work? 
 no 
 Are you ready to go? 
 Sure.  Just e-mail or call me when you are ready. 
 Can you guys help me with this one? 
 Is this cost center listed on our cirect corporate charge list for 2002 or 2001? 
 Any special requirements i.e. # of reviewers, peers, etc.? 
 Is this ok? 
 FYI we sent this to treasury at their request. 
 I was planning to attend. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 What do you think?   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will join your call around 1:30 and I will leave around 1:50.  Let me know if I miss anything. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will be listening in fr a little while -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Steve Gilbert is working on this.  How soon do you need it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I need you to onsolidate into one schedule for TW.  Get with Mary for format. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I hope to have before the end of the day. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Is there a meeting with Kevin Howard today on this? I would like to attend if so.  Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have a meeting with Stan on Dec. 13.  I will see if I can schedule for the following week. 
 I am working on it. 
 2002 is actually 15 million.  WE will reformat and send to you shortly. 
 tab one is for 2001 tab two is 2002.  Let me know if there is something else. 
 Ok.  Did you tell Steve?  I Guess that's additive to my stretch? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am in a due diligence meeting until 6:00.  I can review afterwards and get back to you tonight.  Is that ok? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I am okey with this.  Thanks  Tracy 
 9:30 ok? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I can get them -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Azurix 2002 Plan Review Monday, October 29th from 2:30 to 5:00 in Stan's office. 
 Ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 steve kleb can help you. 
 yes.  have you heard the latest.  S&P downgraded us triggering 3.3 billion in debt due and they have halted trading at $1.1. 
 Usually Paul Garcia works with Susan Ralph 
 approved 
 ok.  everyone is panicing around here.  any thoughts? 
 fyi 
 I really, really, really miss you! 
 We are meeting briefly with Danny this afternoon in EB 1336.  Let Audrey know if you want to call in.  We can e-mail you something.  Thanks  Tracy 
 what time frame do you want for these projections? 
 Unfortunately, something has come up and Stan will not be able to meet Friday from 3:00-5:00.  He would like to me the morning of October 5 from 8:30-12:00 in EB 5029?  Please let me know as soon as possible if this will work.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
 This is due on October 4.  Tod and Valerie lets discuss.  Please call me. 
 I passed out the Corp format last Friday at with some detail of O & M by legal entity.  I would like to have this by first thing by Monday.  Please let me know if you can't do this. 
 thanks 
 yes 
 fyi 
 I wish I could spend every day and every night with you.  You know I love you very much and I will try to be with you as much as I can.  I can't wait to see you.  Let me know what time I should meet you downstairs.  Love, Tracy 
 no problem 
 I will not attend.  Thanks 
 Is Brian available? 
 Actually, we are working with each group to see why their charges are up and we are trying to get them reduced.  We will discuss with Stan at our ETS review and do further follow up if necessary.  We actually met with Terry West and Dawn Derr last week to get their input and contacts. 
 James will send out a file with the cost elements listed shortly. 
 James will send something out shortly 
 Sure.  Let us know when they are and if any of the other EGS groups have questions maybe they can sit in? 
 Tricoast  Doug Kelting 713-461-5255 ext.16  I love you. 
 What do you think? 
 ok 
 Rod and I will be in Portland that day. 
 Is this my $10MM 
 Please take me off the list and add Jennifer Lev.  Thanks 
 We leave the Enron hanger to fly to Portland at 7:30 that morning. 
 I will not be able to make it. 
 fyi 
 I ordered the pastries.  I will bring them on Saturday.  Don't forget to make the ice cream.  I can't wait to be with you tomorrow. I love you. 
 Greg Lewis sent me the user count I will try to look at it the week of Oct 15.  They do have several Corp credits, not billing stock options and lower MMF. 
 Keith Dodson will be attending this meeting via telephone.  Please make sure he has any handouts ahead of time.  Thanks 
 Stan said last week that he would like to do a EGAS 2002 Capital Budget Review.  When do you think we can do this? 
 What do you think? 
 Cindy,  Please ask Stan if he is okey with the attached agenda for the Lay 2002 Plan Reviews. 
 okey.  I already responded that I could not meet on Friday.  Since we will be out of the office, I will need the extra time. 
 If they can split by business unit they must have by company.  The FERC nor the partnerships will accept these charges unless we have the data to send the costs to them.  I really need something like yesterday.  I thought we had this resolved a long time ago. 
 Thanks 
 I love to make you happy.  I have been having hot flashes all afternoon!  I would really like for you to spoil me forever.  I love you,  Tracy 
 I have attached examples from NNG presentation.  Lindy, you might want to use accountability slide format. 
 ETS  103 PGG  28 EREC 53.2 Azurix (not including Marlin) (5.2) Clean Fuels (21.1)  I need to double check this one this morning.  We talked about EGAS yesterday.  Its their 2nd CE plus ( in this case minus) the assets we have picked up.  We will review updated 4Q with Stan on Tuesday afternoon.  I will have to check with EEOS unless you already have.  Sorry for the delay, I had to talk to Rod. 
 I do not have a copy.  Steve Harris sent to Danny directly. 
 I would say expect to file to TW slide for Sun Devil.  I am checking on the connections to gas fired plants. 
 ask her to let us know the outcome of the conversation tomorrow asap.  thanks 
 The SAP costs were included in the ETS overhead in Adaytum.  We have taken that out and added to each pipes Corporate Direct.  The cost of $6.0 million will be divided equally amongst the four pipes.  Mary will change all but NBP.  Cheryl please make change for NBP.  This is per Rod's instructions.  When we get the user list we will revise.   Thanks  Tracy 
 I believe in 2001 it was $5.5.  Clean Fuels and HPL received some in 2001 and not any in 2002. 
 fyi 
 let me know if you have any comments as soon as possible.  thanks 
 What are these charges for? 
 approved for view only 
 Thursday morning works for me.  I would also like to include Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho.  Thanks 
 This should go against the environmental reserve on 1N9.  Can you help her out? 
 I have attached the current estimate.  I am not sure it is right because I was confused on how they have been booking it.  I feel comfortable that the total year is right.  Its the line that totals $118 for the year. 
 Attached is the resume for the interview I set up on Thursday, Oct. 18.  Rod at 2:30 and Michael at 3:00  Thanks 
 The 4th Quarter Forecast Meeting with Stan scheduled for Thursday, October 18 has been canceled.  Rod and I will meet with Stan separately.  Thanks  Tracy Geaccone 
   Steve Harris was still working on the TW presentation.  You or Mary Kay will have to call and ask him for it tomorrow.  Thanks  Tracy 
