ugh for doing it.  DG 
 dgiron1@houston.rr.com 
 I believe I already have it.  I'll look.  D 
 Yes 
 Send me a final list of who will be trading on your desk.  Thanks.  DG 
 These have been moved to the Bankruptcy book.  DG 
 Done  DG 
 I wanted to communicate further about a refinancing loan I submitted.  Thanks.  Darron Giron 713-853-9573 W 281-304-8303 H 
 Cecilia, In addition to moving the deals detailed in my previous email, please move only financial deals with the same counterparties from NG-PR-OPT to ENA-WT-SOCAL.  I realize it's a big list, but how long will the entire process take?  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.  DG 
 Attached is a long list of counterparty names to move from NG-PRICE into ENA-WT-SOCAL.  Please move only financial deals only.  Please let me know when this is complete.  Thanks.  DG 
 Nevermind.  We are just going to use an existing book.  Thanks.  DG 
 I just got an out of the office resopnse from Susan.  Will you please begin the process?  Please let me know if there is anything you need from me.  Thanks  DG 
 Oh, alright.  Dropped a check in the mail this morning.  When you get it pay no attenting to the white powdery substance..............  DG 
 Susan, I need to set up some books for the Estate.  Ed McMichael wants to separate some of the existing deals into two books.  Please let me know if there is anything else you need to complete this.  I need these as soon as possible.  Thanks for your help.  DG 
 Laura, I will be out of town this weekend.  Actually, in Chicago.  Sorry. DG 
 The Kansas crew is not coming down for the game.  Can you still watch just our kids that Saturday?  Chris has his first playoff game tonight @ 6pm at the West Little York field.  D 
 Darron Giron I am in the process of transitioning into Bryant Frihart's area of Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Missouri.  I also have just begun working in Minnesota, the Dakotas, and Kansas.  Largest customers are Minnegasco, MUD, Great River.  Thanks.  DG 
 Address to the hotel  http://maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?Pyt=Tmap&addr=125+west+ohio+street&city=Chicago&state=IL&slt=41.892300&sln=-87.632200&name=&zip=60610-4203&country=us&BFKey=&BFCat=&BFClient=&mag=10&desc=&cs=9&newmag=9&poititle=&poi=  Driving directions from Midway  http://www.mapquest.com/cgi-bin/mqtrip?link=btwn%2Ftwn-ddir_na_basic_main&uid=u9a1slw0u74ea2cd%3Atsgy7w148&oabgcderr=&dabgcderr=&avoid_ferry=&avoid_lmTD_access=&avoid_toll_roads=&route_type=&results_display_mode=&LangOpt=&AB_LABELS=&WORK=&CCNA=&NADDOAH=&ADDR_0=5700+south+cicero&OPC=null&CITY_0=chicago&STATE_0=il&ZIP_0=60638&CC_0=US&NADDDAH=&ADDR_1=125+west+ohio+street&DPC=null&CITY_1=chicago&STATE_1=il&ZIP_1=60610&CC_1=US&POIRad=2.0&dir.x=76&dir.y=8 
 Sorry to hear that.  I hope everything goes well at work.  My company is crumbling.  It's pretty scary.  A combination of being too far out of downtown and too many trees meant that I couldn't get a good signal.  I ended up getting a cable modem.  I really didn't want to do that because I absolutely hate Time Warner.  And what do you know, they screwed up my first bill.  DG 
 Carl, I see if I can pull this information together for you.  I'll let you know later today.  Thanks DG 
 It probably goes without saying, but just face for the two tix again.  DG 
 The file was too big to email.  It contains all financial deals (P,B,I,GD) in the active NG-PRICE book.  It does not contain any option deals.  I will set up the new books so that we can move the net positive deals by counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions.  It is saved in O:/_Dropbox.  DG 
 No.  We are going up without tickets.  People who have been say there are usually plenty available.  Don't worry about the $.  I don't like ND, but from experience, it is better whent the home team wins.  The LSU-AU game a couple of years ago just wasn't as exciting as AU-Florida or Wisconsin-Minnesota.  But the fun thing about it is I really don't care who wins.  DG 
 Carl, I was traveling on Friday.  The Doubletree is the closest.  I'll get you a number.  Dinner on Monday is a good idea.  If you have a 5:30pm flight, leaving the office at 3:00pm will give you enough time to return a car and get to the terminal. DG 
 Doubletree Hotel Houston-Allen Center 400 Dallas Street Houston, TX 77002-4777 713-759-0202 
 phillip.m.love@enron.com scott.crowell@enron.com lee.fascetti@enron.com 
 Laura, Will you try and carve out 15-20 minutes to talk about what's going on and what to expect?  Thanks. DG 
 Carl, These are the only hotels located in the downtown area:  Doubletree Hotel 713-759-0202  Four Seasons Hotel 713-650-1300  Hyatt Regency Houston 713-654-1234  Crowne Plaza Downtown 713-739-8800  DG 
 What did you decide?  DG 
 Here is the file.  It contains only financial trades in the active NG-PRICE book.  Also these are only Price, Basis, Index, and Gas Daily values.  They don't contain any Options.  I will get another book set up so we can move only positive net value deals with counterparties.  Let me know if you have any questions.  DG 
 I've got 2 in Sec 106 Row 25 @ face value if you're still interested.  DG 
 Thanks for the pictures.  I forwarded them to Kristi.  I hope everyone is well.  DG 
 I have 2 in Sec 106 Row 25 @ face value 
 I just sent you an email about 2 tickets @ face value.  This email address is at my place of work.  I'm leaving work early today so if you respond after around 2:00pm, send it to dgiron1@houston.rr.com.  That's my home email.  Thanks.  DG 
 Sorry to bombard you, but I forgot to mention that the tix will come with 2 wristbands to the EndZone club as well.   DG 
 Is Gary's company hiring?  DG 
 http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/sports/1125840 
 Everything is lumped together, meaning price, basis, and index, in that file.  DG 
 http://www.audiosurvey.com/ 
 Yes, by Skilling mostly.  I can't believe that a handful of people brought the company all the way down to the point of bankruptcy.  Basically, they took all the money that the core businesses made and pissed it all away in poor investments (broadband, India, Azurix, etc...)  I just hope I have a job thru the holidays.  I feel vulnerable because I'm the new one in this group.  I would feel more secure if I was still in risk.  Oh well, I guess it's wait and see.  DG 
 Carl, I was supposed to be traveling this morning, but because of the crash in NY it has been postponed to tomorrow.  I will be in a Dallas airport at the time of our call tomorrow morning.  Should I use 763-241-2490 as the number to use for our conference call?  If not, let me know.  I look forward to our conversation.  Thanks  DG 
 Thanks Carl.  I'll call your number @ 10am tomorrow.  DG 
 I was sorry to hear about your mother.  I tried to call last night but you were not at home.  I told mom and she asked for your number.  I don't know if you have heard, but Enron was purchased by Dynegy on Friday.  The deal will not close until Q3 '02, but this will obviously affect me in some manner.  We will see.  Take care.  DG 
 Thanks.  I wanted to see what refinancing to a 15 year would look like.  I just talked to him.  Things are wierd and I know it must be even worse moving to a new group.  I'm glad you like it over there.  I guess it's just wait and see.  DG 
 I was out of the office on Friday.  I'll call you later this morning with a quote.  Thanks.  DG 
 Birgit, Rather than respond to your questions, I would rather meet face to face.  When are you available?  Let me know.  Thanks DG 
 1pm is best for me.  DG 
 Sorry.  I've got a UBS meeting all day.  Catch you later.  I was looking forward to the conversation.  DG 
 Maryland, Florida, Kansas, St. Joseph's, and Kentucky.  All Top 10.  All lost.  DG 
 Not anymore.  This is the ESPN poll.  Not AP.  DG 
 Patrick, Terry Brownrig and I did a small phys basis deal this afternoon.  It was 988/d ANR/SW we are selling @ NX1 - $.155  He called later saying he may want to also do a Jan02-Mar02 deal also.  This is just giving you a headsup for when he calls.  If so, you would need to get the quote from Andy.  Have a good Thanksgiving.  DG 281-304-8303 Home 832-524-6091 Cell 
 Good.  The game is in Irving, so I will try to find a hotel around there.  It is also at 7:00pm.  We will get into town early so we can come by and see you guys.  You moved to a new house, right?  I'll keep you posted.  DG 
 Please take notice of the red cells.  These Tagg numbers were incorrect and I have changed the cells to the correct Tagg deal number.  All of the deals on this list have been moved to the bankrupcy book.   DG 
 I bought the tickets the week of the Texas-OU game.  Up until Sat night, I was planning on selling them to a guy I work with who went to OU.  I never thought about a hotel because I really never thought UT would be in the game.  I really don't want to put you guys out, especially with a new baby.  We are bringing Christopher (he is really excited about going) and a high school aged neighbor (his girlfriend's brother is on the team).  If you truly don't mind, then I will talk to Kristi about it.  We'll see.  How's the new house?  Is Flower Mound a little west of Lewisville?  I'm not good on Dallas geography.  DG 
 I just talked to Kristi.  She said no way we are staying with you because of the baby.  She is pissed I thought abour taking you up on your offer.  I am in trouble.  DG 
 His list does not include any of the transport positions.  It also includes some deals with the Chicago office that should not be included in the deal value.  DG 
 This is it.  I am leaving the office for the rest of the morning.  I will return after lunch.  DG 
 This is it.  It should be self explanatory.  There are values for Jan02 and Feb02 in the file.  The value increased a little more than I expected.  I didn't have time to compare the numbers from my last run at it in December.  I will in the morning.  I also still need to find the true value on the weather deal.  DG 
 I'm in.  I'll be shredding 'till 11am so I should have plenty of time to make it.  DG 
 Could you send me a tracking number for the speakers.  I still haven't received them.  Thanks.  DG 
 This is the last file I sent Dierdre.  It has four tabs.  One summarizes the monthly cash flow into two columns (Peoples Deal and PERC Deal).  The monthly values are PV'd.  The PERC tab is the Lagrasta deals.  The Peoples Deal is broken into two tabs (Baseload Sale and Transport).  The baseload sale includes all of the price fixing deals as well as the index -$.03 deal.  Transport is just that.  I hope this helps.  DG 
 thanks  DG 
 It's pretty sappy.......but I think you will enjoy it.   DG 
 Done  DG 
 Yes.  I talked to Carlos yesterday so I'm pretty sure he is too.  I'm just waiting on the fallout from the UBS purchase of my organization.  It is supposed to be in front of the bankruptcy court today.  I'll let you know.  Carley has learned to ride her bike.  She is pretty excited about it.  We will come see you this weekend.  DG 
 Here is a link to the schedule.  http://astros.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/hou/news/hou_news_story.jsp?GXHC_gx_session_id_=5205ad314fc66af4&article_id=hou_20011213_collegeclassic_news&team_id=hou 
 I'm still here.  I saw where they got the QB from Madison as well.  Maybe we can get together for lunch early next week.  Let me know.  DG 
 As long as accounting doesn't have a problem with it, I don't see why not.  The P&L will probably need to be redone for the 31st (Jan) and 1st (Feb).  It just depends on what deals change.  If it is only annuities, then only last day will need to be recalced.  DG 
 I just wanted to drop you a note and ask what's going on and what you plan on doing.  I hope all is well and that you had a good Holiday under the circumstances.  Take care.  DG 
 The HB was pretty wild.  We went to the Big XII CG.  Good game, bummer outcome.  I think I would like to start the 529 plan for each kid.  Can I transfer either the custodial or Ed IRA $$??  I just tried to call, but no one answered.  With all the craziness here, I'm not sitting by my phone.  If you call, ask the person to messenger me.  DG 
 It looks like the Lagrasta deals are valued at -$7.6 million on ENE's books.  I attached the file.  I'm still working on the weather deal.  DG 
 Haven't moved my phone yet.  Until then, tell the person who answers my # to messenger me to call you back. 
 I'll be there.  DG 
 I'll be there.  DG 
 The one I just sent had some East products.  DG 
 The GD Options (both calls and puts) are booked year round.  They are all in N17872.9, N17872.A, N17872.B, N18064.6, and N18254.4.  I will begin looking at the unwind problem.  DG 
 Attached is a file that has all of the Central Region EOL products.  EOL needs to reassign trader names and books to these products.  I realize that not all products will initially be active, but we are in the process of getting everything ready for the restart of trading business.  Just put a trader name in column H for the corresponding EOL product.  If you have any questions, let me know.  Thanks.  DG 
 Either week is good for me, but lunch is better.....I finished shredding weeks ago. DG 
 http://cgi.ebay.com/aw-cgi/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=1319183627 
 Jay, I hope you had a good Holiday Season.  Hopefully 2002 will be better than 2001!  I believe that this year the limit has been raised on the Education IRA's.  Is this true?  If so, I would like to contribute more than the $500 that it has been.  Please let me know.  Thanks. DG 
 they need to cheat better 
 These are the three that came to mind.  I had trouble with my email from home.  Let me know what else I need to do.  Thanks  DG  I managed all back office issues of an asset management deal with Brooklyn Union Gas Company.  It was a two year deal in which Enron was assigned all of the utilities' assets (supply contracts, transportation contracts, and storage contracts) and then became responsible for providing 100% of the gas requirements of BUG.  I was involved in the negotiations to sign the deal, mostly working with the supply group of BUG doing due diligence on their contracts.  I created a complex invoice model and worked with our trading group, our logistics group, our risk management group, and gas accounting group.  In addition, I made monthly trips to New York to manage the customer and take care of any issues.  It was a $24MM/Year deal.  I was the point person on this deal and worked on it for a year and a half before handing it off to someone else when I moved to risk.  I was involved in another asset management deal with Peoples Gas Company in Chicago.  I also did due diligence work and was involved in negotiations on the deal.  I also created invoice models.  I did not do the day to day work because I was on my way to risk management.  We started a joint venture with Peoples in Chicago.  I set up the risk management department and managed all mid and back office issues of the joint venture.  I managed two book administrators who worked in the Chicago office and made monthly visits to address any issues.  This office made $12MM in its first year and we had no issues from a risk management or accounting perspective.  I took over managing the West desk in risk when there was a $10MM flash to actual variance in the region.  Flash to actual is the difference between the reported P&L and the GL.  Within 3 months I had identified the variances and cleared them.  On a going forward basis I kept the variance at zero.  I identified problems in scheduling that were causing these variances and took proactive steps to fix the problem.  After managing the desk for 6 months, I was able to have everyone cross trained on other books.  This resulted in me being able to reduce the staff by one, saving the company approx $100K/Year. 
 Eric, Please follow up with Joe about how we arrived at the amounts on the annuities.  Thanks. DG 
 I just wanted to say thanks for letting us stay last weekend.  We had a good time.  We are already looking forward to doing it again next year.  DG 
 Kristi and I planned on going also.  Is that OK?  We got a dog this weekend.  A mutt at traders village.  The kids named him Titan.  They are pretty excited.  How was you're weekend?  D 
 Take a look at this for me.  Thanks.  DG 
 I must be jinxed.  Kristi and I are leaving for Chicago tomorrow and will be there through the weekend.  So we will not be there on Saturday.  Sorry.  We really wanted to come.  We are going to see the 'Stros play at Wrigley on Thursday afternoon.  It should be fun.  See ya.  DG 
 I can't remember if I RSVP'd or not.  I will be there with my wife.  Thanks.  DG 
 Mike, In my opinion Onkyo is just a better quality product than Kenwood, thus the price discrepancy.  I (and this is just me) would not buy a Kenwood.  I would buy Onkyo, Denon, Yamaha, or Harman Kardon.  These are more expensive, but I think better than Sony, Kenwood, JVC, Technics, and Pioneer.  The Onkyo 696 is a great receiver.  And I know you can beat the Crutchfield price.  The sites I would check out are onecall.com, soundcity.com, jandr.com, hifi.com.  You also need to look at audioreview.com.  You can see other peoples opinions of products they have actually purchased.  It is a great site.  They will also indicate where they purchased the equipment and how much they paid.  On those sites to buy that I mentioned, you need to call and talk to someone.  They will give you a better price than advertised on the internet.  Give me a call @ 713-853-9573.  I leave for Chicago later this afternoon. DG 
 It's good to hear from you.  The game is November 10th.  And we hope you come down, it would be alot of fun.  We are getting ready to go to Disney World on Saturday.  The kids are pumped.  First I guess you should see if I'm the coverage area.  We are at:  14343 Millstone Estates Ln. Cypress, TX  77429 281-304-8303  Right now, we just have dial-up internet service and a local calling company that also gives us 100 minutes of long-distance.  We get off pretty cheap on this, but I would be willing to give this ION a try.  Let me know.  DG 
 To be consistent, make the FT books ENA - FT West Keystone, etc... DG 
 I heard you had an email address and wanted to see if it worked.  How are things.  We are pretty wet here, I've heard you are as well.  We got back from Disney World last week.  Things are OK here.  The kids are excited about summer.  They will probably get in the pool everyday.  More to follow.  Try and stay dry.  DG 
 I'm sure you know by know, but Houston got it pretty bad over the weekend.  We were OK, but the flooding was unbelievable.  We were at Lake Conroe (K's parents live on the lake) on Friday night.  It rose at least 3 feet (and it's a big lake!) in a matter of 5 hours.  My boat is on a lift out of the water.  In the morning it was floating.  Their dock is underwater.  I've never seen anything like it.  I hope everyone over there is alright.  Have you seen the newest edition?  We hope to get down your way sometime this summer.  Until then stay dry and take care.  DG 
 Kristi wants to know if you are still willing to have the kids for a week in July.  If so, we need to make plans.  Let us know.  DG 
 Here they are,  Trader   Book Admin Grigsby's Physical Book Kristen Klause Grigsby's Financial Book Anne Bike Moniqe Sanchez  Anne Bike Phillip Allen   Elizabeth Shim Steve South   Elizabeth Shim Janie Tholt   Elizabeth Shim Matt Lenhart   Elizabeth Shim Tori Kuykendall   Elizabeth Shim Randy Gay   Elizabeth Shim Keith Holst   Ryan O'Rourke Frank Ermis   Carole Frank Jay Reitmeyer   Carole Frank  Let me know if you need anything else.  DG 
 Jay, Check out this site.  Click on IRS e-file Partners to see third party sites on which to file electronically.  I hope this helps.  DG  http://www.irs.ustreas.gov/elec_svs/ol-txpyr.html 
 Is it really necessary to change the book names just to avoid confusion?  Who is confused?  Can't we just inform those who need to know that the Denver books are simply another desk that rolls up into the West Region?  I don't want to be difficult, but it will require a great deal of time and effort to change every deal in the Denver books to a new name.  Let me know what you think.  DG    3-9573 
 Here it is.  Let me know if you have any questions.  DG 
 Please get this info to Jim.  Thanks.  DG 
 We added $75M so Schedule C tonight.  DG 
 Done  DG 
 Thanks,  I just ordered it.  DG 
 Randy,  Could you please send me the info on the ethics course?  Thanks.  DG 
 I will make it  DG 
 I changed the deal but thought you would want to see the correct name of the CP.  DG 
 Done.  DG 
 I appologize for the delay.  I was on vacation when you sent the first request and somehow didn't see it when I was going through a week's worth of emails  .  I have a person in my group getting the information together. We'll let you know when it is complete.  DG 
 I'm in for lunch.  DG 
 Jay,  I can't see the new IRAs on the web site.  It's no big deal.  But I would like to have them linked.  Thanks.  Did you go to the playoff games?  It's been a long time coming.  DG 
 Trey,  User DSN Name    Driver cpr    Oracle 73 CPR HOUSTON  Oracle 73 dBASE Files   Microsoft dBase Driver (*.dbf) DSS41_SERVE   SQL Server egsprod   Oracle 73 egsprod32   Oracle 73 EGS Test   Oracle 73 EOLPROD   Oracle 73 ermt    Oracle 73 Excel Files   Microsoft Excel Driver (*.xls) FoxPro Files   Microsoft FoxPro Driver (*.dbf) inf prod    Oracle 73 MS Access 97 Database Microsoft Access Driver (*.mdb) pwrprodn_ded   Oracle 73 rmsprod   Oracle 73 rmsprod32   Oracle 73 sitprod    Oracle 73 sitrpt    Oracle 73 Text Files   Microsoft Text Driver (*txt, *.csv)    System DSN Name    Driver cprprod    Oracle 73 MQIS    SQL Server New RMS Production  Oracle 73 
 I have 3 flat screen monitors and a Sun monitor.  DG 
 Jennifer,  NGI-PGE/TOPOCK is an internal curve used to value transport and is equal to NGI-SOCAL.  This curve will probably show up every month because the West Coast is very volitile.  The change is due to a change in the market.  IF-TW/PERMIAN is a production area curve.  The change is also due to  market changes that drove up the curve.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 I sent a MB Quart speaker back on 2/19 because it was making a buzzing sound.  It was recieved on 2/26.  Do you have any idea how long it will be before I get a replacement?  Thanks.  Darron Giron 14343 Millstone Estates Ln. Cypress, TX  77429 713-853-9573 
 I get an error when I try to approve this.  DG 
 I got a bill in the mail for an annual IRA fee.  Can I just transfer from my CMA?  DG 
 Jeremy,  Please add Eric Moon to the list of users for the Canadian Logic On/Off script.  Thanks.  DG 
 Tricia, Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future. DG 
 Zhiyong, Our phsical post id last night was 1075424 DG 
 Kathy, I have a conflict today at 1pm.  We either need to reschedule or meet next week.  Let me know.  I have lost your phone number. DG 
 I think we need to hire this guy.  DG 
 Yes we did.  We had a great time.  I heard Christine is pregnant again.  How are you doing?  After a week off, I realize how much work sucks!  DG 
 No positions.  Archive.  DG 
 I don't know if you got any of these while I was out.  DG 
 OK 
 Users will be the entire West Desk:  Darron Giron Anne Bike Pat Ryder Ryan O'Rourke Carole Frank Elizabeth Shim Kristen Clause  Thanks.  DG 
 Burton, The file will be called GD_NEW DG 
 I need directions and phone numbers.  Call me at home tonight. 281-304-8303.  Thanks.  DG 
 Hey,  How goes it?  I need your brother's phone numbers.  I am staying with him tomorrow night, but don't have directions.  We have only been communicating via email.  I hope you get this today.  Thanks.  DG 
 Burton, Thanks for your help.  I need to use this tomorrow. DG 
 OK  DG     Anita Luong 03/08/2001 11:09 AM 
 Jim, This file has the volumes for the liquidations. DG 
 Dawn,  NGI-SOCAL NGI-PGE/CG  Didn't you used to work on the West desk?  DG 
 Done  DG 
 Thanks.  I also noticed that we have some books that are not listed under US GAS WEST but should be.  I cannot change tha Trading Group.  Do you do this as well?  The books are: WEST-KEYSTONE WEST-NW WEST-PERM WEST-SJ WEST-SW Thanks.  DG 
 Jennifer,  Phillip Allen and Keith Holst indicated that the curve changes in question for Socal was simply due to a higher forward market.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  DG 
 OK, that's funny.  DG 
 I do  DG 
 Thanks.  I noticed Lisa indicated that Linda was getting additional info.  Is it ready?  Mike Grigsby, who is the head physical trader on the desk asked about Tenaska.  He thinks that they also charged us.  Please let me know. Thanks again.  DG 
 Mike, This is the email from Bryce, who is the Manager of physical gas settlements.  Attached is my summary for the West. DG 
 Please add Elizabeth Shim to the Book Admin list on the Web sight.  Her Tagg user name is:  ESHIM.  Thanks.  DG 
 No, we will go to Keystone instead of WP.  We are paying either way, and so it doesn't matter to me.  Also, I have never been to Keystone and would like to go.  And I will have a rental car.  We are looking forward to seeing you.  DG 
 Sean, I found out that Silver Creek is a very small resort close to the town of Granby, CO.  It is acutally 15 miles north of Winter Park and 2 miles south of Granby along Hwy 40.  We are staying at a condo there from Sunday night (11th) thru Thursday night (15th).  I indicated we would like to go to Winter Park because we have been there and it is close.  We want to ski 2 days in Silver Creek and 2 days somewhere else.  If you can make it during the week to Keystone, then yes we will go there instead of WP.  I would love to go to an Avs game, but we will probably need to be on the road by late afternoon on Sunday.  Once again, we get in on Saturday (10th) about 9pm.  That's pretty late so we may or may not be able to do anything that night.  We will leave on Sunday (11th) for Silvercreek and be back in Denver at your place on Friday (16th). Then our plane back to Houston is early Saturday (17th) morning.  If you can get away during the week to ski, that would be awesome.  Thanks for all your hospitality.  See you soon.  DG 
 Get this to Jim.  DG 
 I can't believe that I said what I did this morning.  It was selfish and I sincerely appologize.  I don't know what I was thinking or why.  Well,  I just listened to your message and I deserve all of it.  Even though you may not believe it.  I do love you, but many times cannot justify my actions.  I love you very much, and will call you later.  D 
 We are removing the $100M from Schedule C that was put there on Friday.  DG 
 Please read  DG 
 Please take care of this if you have any to be flipped.  Thanks.  DG 
 This deal is related to the long term transportation that was sold to Calpine, but it is correctly booked as a physical forward sale at Malin.  DG 
 Tell Dan that a glacier moves forward, not backward.  On a balk, the batter does not advance, only the baserunners.  But he may have a point with cricket.  DG 
 I just wanted to say thanks for letting us stay last weekend.  We had a good time.  We are already looking forward to doing it again next year.  DG 
 Chris, We are taking $100M to Schedule C tonight.  I don't know when it may be released.  DG 
 Please make sure this guy gets what he needs.  Thanks.  DG 
 I will attend  DG 
 If you have any questions about this let me know.  It will be a pain in the ass if the deal is between Enovate and Oneok but is then flipped to EMW to manage.  There will be twice as many legs and the volumes will need to be adusted at minimum on a monthly basis, and likely a weekly basis.  Again, let me know if you need anything.  DG 
 We arrive in Denver on Saturday evening (the 10th).  We will stay that night and leave sometime on Sunday for Silvercreek.  We will return to Denver on Friday the 16th and stay the night.  Our plane back to Houston is early Saturday morning.  We are staying at a place in Silvercreek (I had not heard of this place before Kristi's friends made the plans) for 5 nights.  I think we want to ski there and possibly in Winter Park (it is supposed to be within 15 miles).  How's the weather in Denver these days?  We look forward to seeing the two of you.  Thanks.  DG 
 Sheri, We are going to NO for JazzFest at the end of April.  April 27th-29th to be exact.  Let me know if you're going. DG 
 How was Cabo?  I'm sure it was great.  DG 
 I have 3 new employees and they are working on the first unit.  My 3 existing employees are working on their second and third.  So far so good.  I think it is good that we have put the responsibility on them to learn the material.  I have not heard of any negative response.  I'll keep you posted.  DG 
 Yes  DG 
 How goes it?  I wanted to check in with you and make sure we are still on for March.  I also need to let you know we will have an extra person besides the four of us.  He is the kid of some people who are driving up and is flying with us.  I hope this is OK.  He can acutally babysit so maybe we can go out one night.  Let me know.  Also,  I just hired a KU kid just out of undergrad school.  He's pretty bummed out about Baylor.  Talk to you soon.  DG 
 We are taking a hit of $28,900,000 on tonight's P&L for Dec-00 production.  DG 
 I just approved the 13th and 14th.  DG 
 Hey, Brent has started a softball team to play on Sunday evenings.  He wants to know if you are interested. DG 
 Chris, I'm sure there are some I missed.  I beleive some of these books have not been used for quite some time.  Let me know what else you need from me. Thanks.  DG 
 I just looked at their sight.  They seem like a reputable company.  It's a store in Manhattan, NY.  The only thing to be concerned about when ordering by phone or online is when there is a problem with the unit.  It is more of a pain in the ass to mail it back than to just take it to Circuit City or Best Buy.  But a Sony DVD is very reliable and you should not have a problem.  I'd pull the trigger, that's a great price.  DG 
 The WEST-PERM deals have been flipped.  DG 
 Jay,  Give me a mutual fund to buy for the Ed IRA accounts.  DG 
 It's a funny joke, but obviously not written by a married guy!  DG 
 How are you feeling?  I'm very tired and stiff.  I've been thinking, and I know you feel like I make all of the decisions around our house when it comes to $.  So I want us to do what you want on the pool and a car when it comes to financing.  I will completely agree with whatever you think we should do. And I'm not doing this for any other reason except that I want you to know that I value your judgement and ideas.  Have a great day.  As always, I love you very much.  D 
 I received the item.  DG 
 I will be able to interview at either time.  I selected the late time on the email, but wanted to respond to make sure you received it.  DG 
 Joe,  Call Pat Ryder for West desk requests.  DG 
 Kam,  Jim called me about this and I asked him to email me.  But all these storage facilities are on the East desk.  DG 
 Rick, Unfortunately, I had to cancel.  I had a sick kid and just made it into the office. DG 
 I think everyone got the list.  Make sure we are using it.  Thanks.  I should be in later this afternoon.  DG 
 Troy,  I'm out of the office this morning.  I'll get back to you later about the variance.  But just so you know, Kevin's reported P&L was understated by the $188K on the OA Flash tab.  He made an error in the sharing calculation.  DG 
 Shawn,  Unfortunately, I am out of the office this morning with a sick kid.  I will not be able to make the 10:30am interview.  I appologize for the short notice.  DG 
 Czar Gironov  Sweet 
 Yes we did.  DG 
 Jay,  I changed the FTS monthly amount from $1,065 to $715 as previously discussed.  It is effective Feb 20th.  I need to change the amount transferred to account  586-61L86 from $150 to $175 and to account 586-61M19 from $175 to $200.  I also submitted a transfer of $1,000 into my CMA account.  I would like to transfer $500 each into account 586-94017 and account 586-94019.  This is my 2001 contribution to the Education IRA's.  Let me know if I need to do anything else.  Also, when are the recharacterizations from Roth to Traditional going to take place?  I will need a 1099-R for the transactions I think.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  DG 
 West is done.  DG    Gregory A Mausser 02/02/2001 02:19 PM 
 I wanted to see if the address worked.  We had a good time in NO.  We definitely want to go back.  It was really crowded, but fun.  The weather was good and the food was great.  How is DC?  Have you seen any of the sights yet?  I wanted to ask if you can help with C&C on the 16th and 17th of May when we are in Chicago.  I know your schedule just got alot more hectic, so let me know.  They can stay in Conroe on Fri and Sat.  We leave Wed night and return Sun morning.  It would mean be staying at our house on those nights and getting them to school.  If you can't, we will try to get one of the neighbors.  Thanks.  See you when you get back.  DG 
 Here they are  989622 989621 989664 989836 989849 989879 991670 991671 991672 991673 991674 991675 991676 991677 991678 991679 994381 994385 994389 994390 994390  Call me if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 I'll try to find one.  D 
 Thanks.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Any word on her review?  Let me know.  Thanks.  DG 
 Thanks.  And I won't!  DG 
 Thanks  DG 
 Sorry wrong address  DG 
 I got it.  I love you too.  D 
 Guess who was at JV yesterday?  aTm coaches.  Seems like we have been losing some players lately.  How do we stand?  DG 
 Greg, I got confirmation from the Head Coach at JV that AR is not going to UT. He scored a 760 on his SAT and apparently overslept a retake exam.  So I don't know if they actually pulled the offer, but it sure sounds like it.  Either way, the coach told my wife he will not be a Horn.  The coach is really dissapointed in AR.  DG 
 Lunch next week  DG 
 Ernie,    Let me know if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 I don't know.  She just told me this morning and I hadn't heard about it.  I told her to get more info.  I don't know if he is a good student or not.  DG 
 My wife told me that UT pulled the offer from Robinson.  Do you know about this?  I couldn't find it on the boards. DG 
 Hey, What's going on?  I wanted to get up to date on recruiting.  I also wanted to ask you something.  I heard some info from my wife regarding a kid that was recruited and commited to UT from Jersey Village. DG 
 It's going to be wait and see for me.  I have a few issues this morning.  Let me know where you're going to be and I'll try to make it.  DG 
 Bring him in  DG 
 Please flip these if applicable.  DG 
 Russ,  Org Region Code                             Tagg Book Code WEST                                 GD-NEW DENVER   FT-DENVER  DG    3-9573 
 Please read.  DG 
 Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs.  Thanks.  DG 
 Genaro,  This is a Central deal.  I work on the West Desk.  I am forwarding it to the appropriate people.  DG    3-9573 
 Done  DG 
 You guys crack me up.  I've been out of town, and just generally swamped, so I haven't looked at alot of email.  Just went through some.  Keep'em coming, I need the entertainment!  How about Carruth?  Where's Cochran when you need him?  DG 
 Mike, DVD time huh?  I like my player, but there is a substantial premium for it. And actually, Sony has come out with the next evolution of the mega DVD changer.  I think it lists for $900, but can probably be had for $600-$700 range.  It is also huge.  I'm not trying to talk you out of it, just let you know of the downside.  Both models have identical specs, so quality is not an issue.  Let me know if you have anymore questions.  DG 
 Frank,  I know this is late.  I appologize.  I need some help with the development plan.  The review is complete.  Let me know if I need to change some items.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 See if this works.  DG 
 Could you please let me have a signed original copy of your review.  Thanks.  DG 
 Done.  Sorry it took so long.  DG 
 Sounds good.  I'm available just about any day over the next few weeks.  DG 
 I just spoke with Toni.  She should call you soon.  Let me know if you don't hear from her today.  Thanks.  DG 
 Thanks.  I think I can get them both done tomorrow.  DG 
 Take a look at this for me.  Thanks.  DG 
 I didn't realize she sent it to the entire company.  DG 
 How goes it?  I'm in Chicago right now.  I am back in Houston tomorrow.  I'll follow up then.  See ya.  DG 
 Thanks.  DG 
 We can come.  It is cold up here.  I return later today.  See you later.  DG 
 AA is all over me today.  Please get this for Mark.  Thanks.  DG 
 I asked people in my group to respond to you.  Let me know if you don't have anything by tomorrow.  DG 
 Could you please read this request and get back to Mark with the info ASAP? Thanks.  DG 
 Mark,  I'm in Chicago right now and will return on Thursday.  Let me know if you can wait until then.  Thanks.  DG 
 Both of us are out of town right now.  I'm in Chicago and Kristi is in Roundtop (outside of Brenham).  I'll let you know.  We may be spending the night at the lake.  But I'm not sure.  DG 
 This is a physical deal.  Leg 4 is unwinding Leg 1.  Leg 1 had the Price and Basis components and Leg 3 had the Index component.  I am in Chicago today and tomorrow.  If you have any further questions, please let me know.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Toni,  The following people will interview the candidates:  Jeff Gossett Darron Giron Kam Keiser Will Kelly Phillip Love Dave Baumbach Errol McLaughlin  We will interview them two at a time.  Meaning two of the above referenced people will be in the room at the same time interviewing the candidates.  You can contact Irena Hogan for scheduling.  If you have any questions, let me know.  I will be in Chicago Tues and Wed.  I will be back in the office on Thurs.  Thanks.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Andrea,  We would like to bring Bradley D. Jones into the Risk Management group.  The location may change.  Sladana Anna Kulic EB3255C Energy Operations ENA 083E 103818 Kam Keiser  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 I would love to go, in fact, PLove is going along with some other Enron people.  But I'll be skiing in Colorado.  How's the system?  Did you get the other speaker yet?  We have a Christmas present for you.  We want to find a weekend when we can come up.  Most likely with the kids.  Let me know.  DG 
 John,  The Sitara deal for the West Region is 555798  DG    3-9573 
 Bill,  I need to have FT-DENVER set up in TDS.  The trader is Jay Reitmeyer.  There are two Tagg books that need to be mapped to this:  FT-DENVER and INTRA-DENVER.  The following people in Risk need access to the book:  Darron Giron, Chris Walker, Pat Ryder, Jason Wolfe, Carole Frank, Anne Bike, and Jennifer Bagwell.  I also want it to roll up into ALL-WEST.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 We have two new Analysts in this group, and therefore should probably go to this.  I nominate the two of you.  DG    3-9573 
 Andrea,  We would like to bring Sladana Anna Kulic into the Risk Management group. The location may change.  Sladana Anna Kulic EB3265B Energy Operations ENA 083E 103845 David Baumbach  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 What is your price on an MB Quart RKC116?  DG 
 What is your price for a MB Quart QM218.61Q?  DG 
 Maybe one of the guys is Long Duck Dong from 16 Candles  DG 
 Thanks, I got it yesterday.  DG 
 Molly,  The Job ID is 106820.  I would like to get her in for an interview early next week.  Let me know if there is anything else I need to do.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Done  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 Believe me, I understand why you want him in your group.  But I lose Jennifer on Jan 24th and Chris on Jan 26th.  You have two months on one guy and six on the other.  I have 3 weeks on two people and Jason will be leaving soon because he is in the new trading track program.  I don't want to be an asshole, but I won't give him up unless I'm forced to.    Enron Capital Management 
 Andrea,  The locations are all the same because I'm not sure exactly where they will sit.  The Cost Center is for my desk (West), and this will most likely change as well.  I think we need to meet them to see where they would be a better fit.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573   P. Ryan O'Rourke EB3262C Energy Operations ENA 0413 103816 Darron Giron  Bart Roy Burk, Jr. EB3262C Energy Operations ENA 0413 103816 Errol McLaughlin  Biliana Pehlivanova EB3262C Energy Operations ENA 0413 103816 Kam Keiser    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yes, they are.  I made the change.  DG    3-9573 
 Andrea,  Is it possible to get a list of first year analysts who graduated in December to interview for my group?  I don't know how the process works, but I would like to hire a candidate just out of college if possible.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 I agree.  The honeymoon will be over begining next season.  I am growing weary of teams "tricking" us early in games.  Too me, that translates to "outcoached".  Maybe I'm being unreasonable, but they should have the talent next year.  We'll see.  You had to love OSU kicking the shit out of the domers.  Looks like Erickson has brought the thug factor back into college football.  DG 
 974013  DG 
 The $1.7M is in Jim's book.  He asked me to hold it back because he thought the curve for ChiGate was set too high and he was making too much on Friday. I think the $ is real, and it will be released before year end.  I don't know about the annuity.  Kevin will return tomorrow and he will have to follow up with you.  I'll send the prior day P&L's tonight.  DG 
 OK, NG5405.1 instead of NG5401.1 NW7984.1 instead of E22563.6 
 Questions:  What does being short/long a position mean? What is curve shift? What affects curve shift? What are the basic components of a P&L? What is a swap? What are different types of swaps? What is basis? What is MTM value? What is Accrual value? What do you consider stress in the workplace?  How do you handle stress? Examples of a stressful situation? What do you consider long work hours?  Some aren't technical.  I don't have any problem solving questions.  DG 
 OK  DG    3-9573 
 I am interested in buying a pair of MB Quart speakers, specifically the RWC 130.  It is a 5.25" Midrange speaker.  What is your price?  Thanks.  DG    713-853-9573 
 It is good for me.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 My employee in question fell out in "Needs Improvement" because of the lack of time in her position.  DG    3-9573 
 Jim,  I didn't top level that amount tonight.  The Central desk has the other side of the transaction and if I backed your portion out, then the loss would be double counted.  It will correct itself tomorrow.  DG 
 Happy Holidays!  It looks like we will be going skiing in Colorado from March 11-16.  I wanted to see if you were going to be in town during that time and see if we could come by and see you.  It would most likely be on the 10th and then the 16th.  We are staying at a place from that Sunday night thru Thursday night.  Let me know.  I hope Santa was good to you all.  DG 
 OK 
 I just wanted to pass along my thanks for the efforts of your team.  The automatic bridge to Sitara and Tagg will save us an extraordinary amount of time; especially during bidweek.  I know there are others who deserve thanks in addition to Dawn, so please let them know we appreciate their hard work as well.  I don't want to seem greedy, but I'll ask anyway.  When do you think we will be able to get the Sitara number entered in the Link field in Tagg? Also, can we get the Tagg number entered in SCI?  Thanks again.  DG    3-9573 
 It would help if I attached the file.  DG 
 Your UA4 is 12,000 MMBtu and $103,800.  The P&L is attached.  The total daily is $471,793 before any sharing.  DG      Enron North America Corp. 
 Done  DG 
 I have to work on the 26th, but I could come by after work.  I think Kristi and Carley got me sick too.  DG 
 Please read  DG 
 Please read.  DG 
 Dawn,  The deals look good in both Tagg and Sitara, but the link field in Tagg has not been populated with the Sitara number.  When will this be ready?  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Please read.  DG 
 I watched the second half.  He is a stud.  Westlake actually had a good defense also.  I think he wast the first back to run for 100 yds.  We know some people from Midland.  They say he is a gangsta.  But they also say Roy Williams is a great kid.  Thanks for the info yesterday.  DG 
 Thanks.  Bought Travelocity.com.  I had some extra cash sitting around in my 401K.  DG 
 $20  DG 
 Quick, give me a cheap stock that looks promising.  DG 
 Dawn,  Kam is out so I checked for Central also.  DG 
 We released more tonight.  DG 
 I just would not want to be the only person to bring someone.  So if we don't offer this to everyone, I won't bring her.  I don't have a problem with it, just wanted to see what you thought.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 I want to run something by you.  It sounds like we have some sort of budget for Friday night.  I would like to offer everyone the opportunity to bring someone with them but also explain that we may not be able to pay for it all.  I guess the reason is I would like to have Kristi come with me, but am willing to pay for her.  I would like to do the same for everyone else, but don't want to offend anyone with the possibility that they may have to pay a little $$.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Thanks for the info and letting us slide one in.  DG    3-9573 
 Patrick, See if you can help this guy.  I don't have access to Denver deals. DG 
 We really need to pick up again next week.  Potential topics:  Physical/WeaponX OA How Systems Interact (Sitara,CPR,PortCalc,Tagg,Unify,Excel,Etc..) Curves (Setting,Mapping,Pipe/Zone,True Up).  I'm sure there are others.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 We released $75M tonight.  DG    3-9573 
 I will be out this Friday.  DG 
 Pretty nice.  I had never even heard of this vehicle.  DG 
 Please read.  Thanks.  DG 
 I forwarded your request to Luchas Johnson.  He runs the G-Daily-Est book.  DG    3-9573 
 Andrea,  If I left anything out, please let me know.  Also, we have an office in Chicago and they are looking for an Analyst also.  I have some responsibilities for the Chicago region as well as the West region here in the Houston office.  Richard Tomaski (312-541-1231) is the lead trader in the Chicago office and I told him I would mention this request to you.  Will you please call him at your convenience so he can elaborate on the situation. Thanks.  DG    3-9573      Enron North America Corp. 
 I agree.  DG    3-9573 
 Jeremy,  I set up these new curves this morning and need them added to Tagg  NGI-MOJAVE GDP-MOJAVE GDP-PGE/TOPOCK  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks as always for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Your phone is not going to voicemail so I can't leave a message.  DG    3-9573 
 Dawn,  Jay and Randy are on the list, but I left them blank.  I also populated Paul Lucci and the Chicago traders.  Jim Simpson is a Chicago trader not on the list.  He would be FT-IM-ENOV for P,B,&I.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 It was good.  There were about 20.  It took too long, we didn't leave until 10pm.  They sure can spend the $  DG    Enron Capital Management 
 We want to, but I'm not willing to put up the cash.  I'm also thinking how mad I'd be if I did spend the $ and we got punked.  DG 
 Happy Birthday!! What did you get?  DG 
 Pull this together and then call Sharon so they can come get the copies. Thanks.  DG 
 I vote for next week.  And since I didn't get involved in the prior discussion, I think a class on craps is in order.  DG 
 I will be at the dinner tonight.  DG    3-9573 
 Kathy,  Attached are two files:  a mini-book of EC3952.O run for Nov-08 thru Oct-23 and a copy of the deal in the transport model.  The file is too large to email.  There are two tabs:  the first contains deal terms and the second is a copy of the P&L sheet as of 12/4/2000.  Call me with any questions you may have.  Thanks for your patience.  DG    3-9573 
 I saw that about Mackovic - He's a good fit in the Pac10.  Who do you take in the Orange Bowl?  FSU is -11.  That sure seems like alot of points.  DG 
 First of all, congrats on the big win this weekend.  They keep proving me wrong.  Second, sorry this is late.  Friday was 1st day, our longest of the month.  DRAFT  This is a summary of where we stand from a Risk Management perspective on the PGT/Socal permanent assignment to Calpine  Currently there are 5 deals in Tagg and 1 in the transport  model.  EC3952.O - Annuity where the West desk pays PGT (from $.08987 to $.17308) on 67,500/Day thru Oct-23 This deal will be unwound and this income (approx $30M) will fall out in the West desk  EC3952.F - Buy from Canada of 30,000/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index + $.00 EC3952.K - Sell to AEC of 30,000/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index + $.00 As of now, these deals will remain unchanged in the system because AEC will not let us out of the firm contract  EC2208.B - Buy from Canada of 22,500/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index - $.005 EC3952.B - Buy from Canada of 15,000/Day thru Oct-01 at Malin for Index - $.01 These deals will be unwound, but discussions between Philip Allen and ??? will reveal details not known at this point in time   (Bid/Offer)  Transport Model - Kingsgate to Malin capacity of 67,500/Day beginning Nov-08 thru Oct-23 This deal will have to be unwound or killed - Currently the deal is valued at approx $12M in the West Desk  After unwinding these deals, the West desk will be kept whole, the remainder will be granted out in orig.  This is my first go at it.  Let me know of any revisions you want.  DG    3-9573 
 You're welcome.  I had a good time also.  We should play again sometime when it's not so damn cold.  Looks like you were right about OU.  I really thought they would lose to KState.  DG 
 Shelly,  I am looking for an Analyst to fill a position in Gas Risk Management.  I am the West Desk Controller and report to Jeff Gossett.  I think a Book Administrator role is a good position for an Analyst.  We have had success in with Analysts in our group.  I think it presents a good opportunity for them as well.  Please let me know how I can get on a list to talk with potential candidates.  I am ignorant of the process, so if I am presuming something incorrect, I would appreciate info on how this is supposed to work.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 West flashed on Friday  DG    3-9573    Gregory A Mausser 12/04/2000 08:01 AM 
 We have a 7:30 shotgun start tomorrow morning.  We will have to pay and get out to our hole, so give yourself some time if you want to hit a few before we tee off.  We still need one more person.  Everyone else already had plans.  If you know of anyone who would like to play, invite them and let me know his name.  Unfortunaltey Jeff, you are the only guy who is any good.  West on Hwy 290 Pass the Beltway - Remember I said it's BFE Exit Spring Cypress/Cypress Rosehill (About 12 miles past the Beltway) Go thru 2 stop signs (First one is Spring Cypress-Second one is Cypress Rosehill) After 2nd stop sign, make first right (there is not a stop sign at the intersection) - I believe the street is Cypress Chase The road will dead end into a T Make a left and the course is on the right - You can't miss it  I'll have my cell phone on if you get lost - 832-563-6328.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.   DG    3-9573 
 I only have 3 - Am still trying to get a 4th.  Darron Giron Jeff Sorenson Trey Logan 
 It worked  DG 
 I was going to forward the same thing to you yesterday, but didn't want you to think I was an asshole!!  DG    3-9573 
 My fault on Tomas, I didn't remind Kevin.  It won't happen again.  DG    3-9573 
 The position will actually report to me.  You can change it.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 Toni, Please let me know if I left anything out.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Not West deals.  DG 
 Don't worry about how good you are.  I'm terrible also.  I've put you down as playing.  I'll keep you posted.  DG    3-9573 
 Yes.  I have 3 total so far.  I'll keep you posted.  DG    3-9573 
 I told her we would go.  D 
 We'll see you there.  DG    3-9573 
 I know this is very late notice, but up until yesterday I didn't think I was going to be free on Saturday.  My brother-in-law is hosting a tournament on Saturday at Cypress Lakes, which is just off of Hwy 290 at Cypress Rosehill. In other words, BFE.  $70 will get you a round of golf, lunch, and beer.  He will have a keg.  There will be prizes for the winners.  It is a four man best ball scramble.  Tee time is early:  7:30am.  I sent this to guys I either know play or think play.  If you have someone else in mind, feel free to forward the message.  I don't have a team at all and wanted to see if anyone was interested.  Let me know.  DG    3-9573 
 A GC for either $ or for one of those Day Spas.  DG 
 I hope you have a good day back at school.  I love you.  D 
 I'll try and find out today.  D 
 Russell,  These are all of our book names:  GD-NEW GD-NEWJR FT-WEST FT-NORTHWEST MGMT-WEST WEST-NW WEST-SW WEST-PERM WEST-SJ  For Basis, add  -BAS to the end of the book name.  For Gas Daily, add  -GDL to the end of the book name.  Call me if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 Russ,  I got this from Regina just before she changed groups.  DG    3-9573 
 Uncle Clark,  It just dawned on my that I never really thanked you for our visit.  All four of us had a great time.  It was so good to see all of you and especially great to see the kids get together and have so much fun.  I really regret that as I was growing up, we really did not see that much of each other( and by we, I mean the Kansas group and the Girons).  But even given that, I feel as if you all have been part of my life and every time we get together it's like we have always spent alot of time together.  I guess that's why they call it family.  So once again, thanks for your hospitality and we look forward to our next get together, wherever and whenever it may be.  Darron 
 Done.  I did the 1999 changes as well.  DG    3-9573 
 I asked Keith Holst (trader) again.  His answer was the same.  There were more buyers than sellers in the West during March, hence the price was stronger.  Thanks.  DG 
 Russell, Here are our portfolio and book codes: Port Book 1 Q G G E # L A 4 5 P A  Call me if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 Kathy, I tried calling but could not get you or your voicemail.  Tomorrow is the first day of bidweek and I also have some other meetings to attend.  I think we need to skip this week and pick up next Tuesday.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  DG 
 P&L is OK.  Open position is 39.0 contracts.  DG 
 In addition:  expert clauses - which ones need to be changed, when and why - what are reversals and why we use them - how to check physical prompt month value for potential errors - how to calculate physical prompt month value - checking the OA Flash tab.  I am sure there are some others.  DG 
 Daniel, I show a net open position of (15.9) contracts.  DG    3-9573 
 I relpied to mom already, but thought you would want to see it.  D 
 Sorry.  I just did.  DG 
 We would love to do this.  D 
 I am still trying to recruit.  It seems everyone is out of town that weekend.  When is the deadline?  Let me know.  Oh, I almost forgot, Congratulations!!  DG 
 A W4 calculates how much federal tax is withheld from your paycheck each pay period.  There are two basic drivers:  number of dependents and filing status.  The higher the number of dependents, the less is withheld.  Married and jointly will also have less withheld than married and seperately.  There is really no right or wrong answer, only opinion.  If you want more withheld each pay period so that there is less of a chance of actually owing $ on April 15th, then claim fewer dependents and married and seperately.  If you don't want the government to get your $ interest free, but are aware that you may owe $ later on (April 15th), then claim a higher number of dependents and married and jointly.  I hope that made sense.  DG 
 A W4 calculates how much federal tax to withhold from your paycheck each pay period.  There are two basic drivers:  number of dependents and filing status.  The higher the number of dependents, the less is withheld.  Married and jointly will also have less withheld than married and seperately.  There is really no good or bad answer, only opinion.  If you want more withheld each pay period so that there is less of a chance of actually owing $ on April 15th, then claim more dependents and married and jointly.  If you don't want the government to get your $ interest free, but are aware that you may owe $ later on (April 15th), then claim fewer dependents and married and seperately.  I hope that made sense.  DG 
 Put me down for the 15th also.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 Eric, I am afraid I have not made that much progress on my assignment.  I talked to ML Ruffer about the $1.2M basis swap.  She does not specifically know about the deal, but does know she gave between $1M and $2M to the West desk out of a reserve behind the scenes.  I don't know for sure, but this has to be how the $ got in the West P&L.  It is booked on 11/12/99 which is between EC3952.P (the annuity getting the unamortized $27M into the West desk) and EC3952.S (the annuity getting the $5M from Corp into the West desk).  I hadn't paid attention until just now, but Suzette Emmons booked the deal. She ran the transport book at that time.  The physical buys from Canada (EC2208.11, EC3952.15, and EC3952.11) are booked correctly in Sitara.  EC3952.11 was changed by Kathy Reeves from ending in '08 to ending in '01 on 4/4/00.  However, the end date remains '08 in Sitara.  I don't know why the term was changed.  I have meetings almost all day.  I will still try and investigate, but I know you were looking for some answers today.  You may want to try and get in touch with Suzette and see if she remembers the basis swaps.  DG    3-9573 
 I was going to last night, but it didn't sound like you wanted to talk.  We had a great time.  Only wish we could have stayed longer.  It was cold but the game was fun.  It was good to see the kids getting along as well as they did.  We will try and make it a regular trip.  We also spoke about maybe getting together in Dallas sometime next year.  I need to go, but will talk to you later.  D 
 Jennifer, The market just traded higher in the West in general during the month of March compared to February.  That is why we see the shift in NGI-MALIN and NGI-PGE CG.  As for IF-CIG WIC, it was also the way the market traded.  Other Rocky Mountain points were similar.  Please call if you have any further questions.  DG 
 Here is another one.  It will be another Chicago book.  We will never officialize the book.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Susan,  I believe this is all of the Enovate/EMW books that are officialized each night.  IM-EMWNSS1-PRC IM-EMWNSS1-BAS IM-EMWNSS1-IDX IM-EMWNSS1-PHY IM-EMWNSS2-PRC IM-EMWNSS2-BAS IM-EMWNSS2-IDX IM-EMWNSS2-PHY FT-IM-ENOV-PRC FT-IM-ENOV-BAS FT-IM-ENOV-IDX FT-IM-ENOV-GDL FT-IM-ENOV-PHY INTRA-ENOV-PRC INTRA-ENOV-BAS INTRA-ENOV-IDX INTRA-ENOV-PHY TP-EMWNSS-PRC TP-EMWNSS-BAS TP-EMWNSS-IDX  Call me with any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 OK, so the classes start this week.  The first one will be on what to look for in a P&L and MiniBench to prove reasonableness.  Will Kelly and I will present the class.  We have a few items we want to go over, but I think the most beneficial part will be individual questions.  So bring them if you have them.  We are have split the entire Risk team into two groups.  Our breakout is as follows:  Group1   Group2 Carole    Jennifer Jason    Anne Chris  Group 1 will meet this Wednesday @ 11:30am and Group 2 this Thursday @ 11:30am.  We will have Chick-Fil-A for lunch.  Thanks.  DG 
 Frank, Attached is my PBA nomination for Anne Bike.  Let me know if I left anything out, or need to do anything else.  Thanks, DG 
 Connie,  I believe I misinterpreted your request.  I have updated the list to include every book we officialize each night.  DG    3-9573 
 Connie,  I appologize for the tardiness of this list.  I was out of the office last Thursday and Friday.  Please call if you have any questions.  DG    3-9573 
 Yes  DG 
 It's done.  I appologize for this taking so long.  It won't happen again.  DG    3-9573 
 Don't worry about picking us up at the airport.  I will be careful and brave the elements.  See you tomorrow.  DG 
 Well, I win the award for ass of the week and probably the year.  I really can't begin to apologize enough for Tuesday.  I won't offer an excuse.  Guys on the Central desk asked me a question as soon as I hung up with you, and before I knew it, it was around 2:30pm.  But the worst part is, I didn't realize what I had done until later the next day.  It was disrespectful and I sincerely apologize.  I do have a conflict tomorrow.  And I will understand if you want to stop the sessions.  Thanks.  DG 
 Will,  Jennifer Bagwell Jason Wolfe Chris Walker Anne Bike Carole Frank  DG 
 I see Jennifer Bagwell in the system, but not Christopher Walker.  DG    3-9573 
 Me and the kids get in at 10am, Kristi has to stay a little later for work and will be in at 3pm.  I was also thinking we could buy tickets at the stadium.  Don't worry about not taking time off.  See you Thursday.  DG 
 One more for you.  Because you're special.  DG 
 Please get this info to me and I will pass it on to AA.  Thanks.  DG 
 Sharon,  We Schedule C'd the $50M difference.  Let me know if you need further info or backup.  Thanks.  DG   3-9573 
 I can't believe it is already time for our trip up to Kansas.  We are arriving on Thursday morning and returning on Sunday morning.  Other than the game on Saturday, we don't have any plans.  See you soon.  DG 
 The kids and I are arriving at 9:45am on Thursday.  Because of work commitments, Kristi is arriving at 12:30pm.  The 3 of us will get a rental car and make our way to your place.  Are you going to be home then?  Then we will go pick up Kristi later.  We have no plans at the moment (other than going to the game on Saturday).  We are leaving on Sunday at an awful time, though, 6:30am.  They didn't give me many options using reward travel.  We are all looking forward to the trip.  See you on Thursday.  DG 
 Kristi said you called on Saturday.  I was golfing.  What did you think about the draft?  I thought LD was a good college player, but not great.  Everyone seems to think he will be an All-Pro type player before he's done.  As long as he works hard, I think SR would make the best Pro.  But what do I know?  DG 
 Jeremy, I can calc postids for FT-NW but cannot print.  Please help.  Thanks. DG    3-9573 
 Sharon,  I missplaced the info we were speaking about yesterday.  Please send it to me again so I can follow up.  Thanks.  DG 
 On election day, you have to vote in your own precinct.  You need to find your precinct number and then you can find the location on the web. DG 
 Hector, Kimberly S. Olinger is listed as reporting to me in the PEP system.  She should be moved to Jeff Gossett.  Thanks. DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 The first email was what I sent to Burton and Susan.  This is the confirmation from them that the book was set up.  DG    3-9573 
 Thanks.  You can tell Phillip I'll have it fixed when I return on Monday.  DG 
 We are flying in on Thursday.  We plan on renting a car and driving to your place.  I'll update you on specific times early next week.  Because me and the kids are using reward miles for our tickets, right now Kristi is not on the same flight that the three of us are on.  We are all looking forward to seeing you.  DG 
 Jeremy,  I don't have access to run this book.  Will you please get me authorization? Thanks.  DG 
 Let's make sure we are doing this every night.  I think Jason has been running the official post id macro most nights, but we need to have the last person finished do it every day.  I sure can crank out the emails when I get some uninterrupted time to myself!  DG 
 I am in Chicago today and tomorrow.  I will look at this more while I am here.  DG 
 I can't remember if I forwarded this to you already.  Thanks.  DG 
 Will you two please get this info to Dutch.  Thanks.  DG 
 How was your morning?  I hope not too bad.  I didn't get to sleep until 3am. I miss you and love you.  D 
 11:30am it is  DG 
 Please add Carole Frank to the list.  Her NT username is cfrank2.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 What time are you arriving on Friday?  We got box seats to the Bears game on Sunday.  DG 
 Kathy,  I don't think I will be able to make our meeting tomorrow.  Can we pick it up again next week?  Thanks.  DG 
 I think it will be a very close game.  Except for the fart against Colorado, you just don't bet against the Aggies at Kyle Field.  OU is obviously a very good team.  But I think more importantly, they are just playing great football.  They make plays when they need them, and I know it sounds like sour grapes, but frankly, they are also getting lucky.  When the QB heaves a pass 40 yds downfield off his back foot and it goes for a TD week after week, the football Gods are smiling on you big time.  But regardless, you've got to admire Stoops and the job he has done.  They have proven for three consecutive games that they can score almost at will against some of the best defenses in the country.  And as far as the Horns are concerned, I still think they are just an above average team.  They have beaten no one of any (and I mean any) significance. They were completely outclassed against the one (albeit right now, the best team in the country) good team they have played.  And lost to a bad Stanford team.  But the optimist in me says they are winning at home and that may result in a T+1 win.  But right now, I think the Aggies have a better team. But if they start thinking about aTM, they will lose to both Tech and KU. They are not good enough to play poorly and win against decent competition.  DG 
 Here's what happened. 
 This deal was EOL ID 520766 on the 25th.  Neither the Sitara or EOL number is in Tagg.  Please update the deal with the EOL and Sitara number.  It is very important that you always put this information in Tagg.  In addition, make sure you are updating Sitara with the Tagg numbers as well.  Thanks.  DG 
 Yes  DG 
 I thought you might like this.  Do you have a ticket to Chicago yet?  I don't think Jenny will have any luck getting hired in Risk.  We pretty much rule anyone out without prior experience unless they are internal candidates. However, I have forwarded her resume to Settlements and Volume Management.  I think she should get a call from them.  How's life in Dallas?  Also, what is your new cell number.  The Houston Cellular number no longer works.  DG 
 What do you think about us starting to workout together regularly?  Either at night or in the mornings, but regularly and for the long term.  Maybe four times a week.  Running and some weights in the garage.  I would really like to start, even as hard as it will be, to make time for something like this. I love you.  D 
 You can start asking me about the West desk.  We don't have any new books for this month.  DG    3-9573 
 This book is for the West desk.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 Mom, Are you leaving on Saturday or Sunday?  I thought yesterday you said Saturday.  I feel much older today. DG 
 I think Sitara deal 286147 is not pulling the correct price in Unify.  The reference price is NWPL.RKYMTNS.GDP.DA and the particular month in question is 06/00.  When I look in the Tables database under June, there is no price. And what was pulled for the invoice back in June I don't think is correct. Please let me know what you find out.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Burton,  INTRA-EMWNSS1 INTRA-EMWNSS2 FT-IM-ENOV INTRA-ENOV TP-EMWNSS  Call if you have any further questions.  DG    3-9573 
 We have some new procedures for changing deals that affect other books. Please read and let me know if you have any further questions.  You don't need to request minibook access individually.  I have, so if needed we can run them on my machine.  Thanks. DG    3-9573 
 Jeremy, I need to have access to calc all books on a minibook level.  Please let me know if you need any further information.  Also, how my proposed index book move coming along?  Thanks. DG    3-9573 
 Done  DG 
 Doug, The Sitara numbers for both of these deals are in the comments section of each deal in Tagg.  Do you have access to Tagg Deal Capture?  The Sitara numbers are 344737 (NS3520) and 344952&343785 (NS4159).  If you don't know where to look for these, let me know.  They were both available in the systems.  DG    3-9573 
 Jeremy, I have added two curves in Publ Names:  WY/WELLHEAD and WY/MKTZONE.  They are in curveview.  Please add them to Tagg.  Call me if you have any questions. Thanks. DG    3-9573 
 Sharon, I have the support you requested.  I am at EB3262B. DG    3-9573 
 Jeremy,  Currently, all of our index deals are in the FT-WEST book.  I would like to move them all to the GD-NEW book.  I don't want to change any price or basis portions of a deal currently in the FT-WEST book, only index.  Please let me know if you can do this.  If you have any further questions, please call. Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Greg, I  have some tickets available for the Missouri game at face value.  Do you want any? DG 
 Put me down as primary with no secondary contact.  Thanks.]  DG    3-9573 
 Jeff, I think Risk can do two things to improve the process:  have more of us involved in the process so they actually see the implications of booking deals incorrectly and actively following up on recurring problems.  This last one I am particularly bad about.  I will see a variance that is rather small and just take it without looking into the underlying cause more carefully.  I think the OA group in general should take a more active approach in preventing problems rather than just identifying them.  But I know that is easier said than done. DG 
 I will be there.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 The macro in this file will query all official books for given Portfolio and Book codes.  Use it to make sure all your postid's that need to be, are officialized each night.  Thanks.  DG 
 Gather this info when you get a chance and give it to me.  Thanks.  DG 
 I don't think I am in the market for any stereo equipment.  But I was thinking about trying to sell that land we apparently have through mom.  What do you think?  I will never use it.  Let me know.  DG 
 Try this and see if it does any good.  DG 
 Please make sure we stay off the "list".  Thanks.  DG 
 Mike, We are currently looking into a query which will allow us to see all of our officialized books each night.  It is not ready now, but should be soon. I'll let you know.  DG    3-9573 
 Kevin,  Please remember to link up all deals.  By this, I mean Tagg numbers in Sitara, Sitara numbers in Tagg, Tagg numbers in SCI, and especially EOL numbers in Tagg.  I just got a call about the park & loan on Friday.  You need to put EOL as the system of origin and the EOL number.  Thanks.  DG 
 It should reference the EOL number.  It looks af if Kevin did not link it up.  I'll remind him.  DG 
 Scott,  These places carry the Onkyo receiver.  I don't think they carry Polk, but ask them who you should call for Polk speakers.  The place I got mine from a couple of years ago no longer carries them.  I'm still looking.  Lee's Audio & Video have the Onkyo listed at $629.  Their sight is at leesvideo.com  J&R Music World 800-221-8180 Lee's Audio & Video 425-643-5555 Soundcity  800-370-3156  DG 
 Have you seen this?  It's from Kevin, an Aggie.  D 
 Mike,  The reason my mistake was not caught on the benchmark signoff procedure is that the postid in question did not have a net position.  The procedure Rahmann showed you is where we check GERMS positions to the position reports we run using Excel queries.  If a postid has a net position and is not officialized, it will be caught using this procedure.  It will not, however, if the postid does not have a position.  I understand the importance of officializing postid's, as does the entire West desk.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Eric, Please follow up with Joe about how we arrived at the amounts on the annuities.  Thanks. DG 
 Greg,  Transport Deals/Transport Model OA Relationships between systems (Tagg, Sitara, Portcalc, MetaCalc, Curveview, Excel, Access, Pub Posting, TDS)  These are mostly basic.  DG 
 Are we still on?  Where do you want to go?  I was thinking Mexican, but let me know what you think.  DG    713-853-9573 
 Put the West desk down for 5 people.  DG    3-9573 
 Let me know sometime today if you want to do this.  DG    3-9573 
 The date is good for the West desk.  I will forward a headcount later today.  DG    3-9573 
 Chuck - I am now working on the West desk.  In the future you can send these requests to Scott.  DG 
 Lets do it on Friday  DG 
 Lets try to get together this week if possible.  Kyle wants to go as well. Let me know.  DG 
 Mike,  How goes it?  I was thinking about you guys this weekend.  We were in town for the game (if you want to call it a game).  We ended up staying at a friends place.  I think that is the first time in quite a while we haven't seen you on this particular weekend.  We are still plugging along.  How about you?  I thought I heard you were buying a new house.  Is that right?  Well, I just hadn't talked to you in a while and I saw you email address on a message from Sean.  We are going up to KU for the Texas game again.  I can't believe it has been 4 years since we were up there.  Take care.  DG 
 I'm with you.  I told my wife I thought it would be a 3 touchdown game, but a 49 point margin is unacceptable.  I was at the game and it was as if the Texas coaches got a bunch of guys from the frat houses this week and put together a game plan on Saturday morning before kickoff.  They were out of position, slow, unmotivated, and flat out not prepared to play.  I like Brown and actually think he is a good fit, but at some point you actually have to coach.  I lay this all at his feet.  Obviously the coordinators bear some major responsibility as well.  I really don't know what to expect for the remainder of the season.  They obviously are not as bad as they showed on Saturday.  But the fact remains that they are capable of playing that poorly on any Saturday, and I really did not think that with this defense they could be humiliated.  I was very wrong.  Something has to change.  The fact is they are 3-5 in the last 8 games.  And were favored in all but one.  Lack of talent is no longer an excuse.  I think the entire remainder of the season hinges on this Saturday.  If they play as poorly as they have all season (they have beaten 3 terrible teams, and lost to a bad one) against Colorado, they will lose and I could see them finishing at 6-5 and even 5-6 not out of the question.  For this reason, I think that this could be the biggest game of Brown's tenure at UT.  What do you think? 
 It looks like we need to be consistent in booking the GD spread deals.  Take a look at the example and please remember to book all future deals in a similar manner.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.  DG 
 Regina,  As we discussed yesterday, I need access to West deals in Sitara.  At a mininum I still need access to all Chicago/Midwest deals also.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Jeremy,  I want to move all deals currently in the INTRA-EMWMEH book into the FT-IM-ENOV book.  Attached is a forwards detail by risk of the deals in question.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  I need this done this week if possible.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Catlady, I thought you might like this. DG 
 Richard Tomaski 
 I'm in Chicago right now.  I'll get with you on Monday.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Don't worry about it.  If you can't go, you can't go.  You are not going to pay for the tickets if you don't use them.  Hope you feel better.  DG 
 Unbelievable! 
 I think you forgot to attach the file.  Send it to Kevin.  I spoke with him about your questions.  DG 
 OK, so I really screwed up.  I was getting the tickets out last night so I wouldn't forget them this morning and remembered that I am going to the airport, not the office.  So I'll call you when I get in later this afternoon.  I thought about FedEx, but don't want to take the chance that they get lost in the Enron building.  I hope you travel via 290 to Austin because I think the easiest solution is for me to leave them at my house and you could pick them up on you way out.  I also have a couple of EndZone passes with the tickets.  Sorry for the screw-up.  I'll talk to you this afternoon.  DG 
 Call me if you have any further questions.  DG    3-9573 
 We have the NXAVC settle for Aug at $31.138.  So just pay the lesser of.  DG    3-9573 
 Genaro,  The Sitara was not updated for Aug.  I just corrected Sitara.  So you can redraft in Unify.  I attached the completed calc-sheet.  Sorry for the delay.  DG  3-9573 
 Steve, Congratulations.  Welcome back.  I sent you a note and a spreadsheet with the deals we have booked in our system.  I was trying to reconcile them to your list of deals.  I could not.  But I think the best thing to do is to simply start over and book the deals you tell me to.  I just need the exact terms. I know it's your first day back and you are probably swamped, but when you get a chance, please give me a call.  Richard wants me to have these deals valued by the end of this month's P&L.  Thanks.  DG 713-853-9573 
 Scott,  Richard Tomaski wants one more physical book set up under the Enovate name while retaining the other books already set up.  This counterparty name Enovate is replacing the Midwest Energy Hub.  But wants to be able to differentiate deals done as solely Enovate with deals done as Enron Midwest. Call me if you have any further questions, or if this presents a problem. Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 The deal number in Sitara was changed because of an internal book name change.  It had nothing to do with the monetization status of the deal.  If this has caused a problem, let me know.  I didn't think that just changing the deal number would have this effect.   Thanks.  DG    3-9573    Enron Global Finance 
 Regina,  I need two Sitara books set up in a new region.  The region can be called Enovate with the books IM Enovate and FT Enovate.  They are part of the other Chicago books:  Midwest, Midwest Program 1, and Midwest Program 2.  I have attached the book request I sent Susan Trevino.  Let me know if there is anything else I need to do.  I want to make sure that the books are not only in Sitara, but also in CPR for valuation purposes.  Thanks so much for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 3-9573 281-304-8303 832-563-6328 N/A    Enron North America Corp. 
 I got this from some hunter friends.  Thought you would like to read it.  DG    3-9573 
 Susan,  Attached is the completed book request form.  I just want to clarify a few things.  The first three books are for Tagg.  The last two are for Sitara.  I will need a region set up in CPR to hold the physical deals.  Do you do this?  Or can you point me in the right direction.  I really need this completed by the end of the week.  Let me know if there is something else I need to do.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Jay,  There is still some cash in the custodial accounts.  I wanted you to buy more of the existing mutual funds.  Also, I am going to write a check out of my CMA account for more than the current cash balance.  Do I need to sell some mutual fund shares? Or is it automatic?  Let me know.  Nice game in Palo Alto.  Once again the Horns can't live up to the hype.  DG 
 No interns.  As long as my group stays intact I won't need anyone in August. I think Anne will stay past her 1 year and everyone else is relatively new. I do like having analysts though and think we would rather be long than short.  DG  DG 
 Gary,  I need some Tagg books set up for the Chicago office.  I submitted a request this morning to create a new counterparty:  Enovate, LLC which will be an Enron entity.  Under Enovate LLC I need two books:  FT-ENOVATE and INTRA-ENOVATE (P,B,I & GD).  I also need a book which will fall under the current Enron MW, LLC counterparty:  FT-INT-ENOVATE (P,B,I & GD).  And as usual I need these as soon as possible.  I will be out of the office on Friday but will return on Monday.  I really need to get deals moved to these books by the end of next week.  Please let me know if there is anything I need to do to help.  Thanks as always.  DG    3-9573 
 Mark,  I think I need some help reconciling what Steve Richman has and we have booked for the HUB deals.  He sent me a spreadsheet with deals but I cannot even come close to tying them out to what we have booked in Tagg.  Richard suggested I contact you since Steve is out.  Attached is a list of deals we currently have booked in Tagg for the HUB deals.  They need to be verified before I can calc them for value and positions.  I will be out tomorrow, returning on Monday.  Thanks for your help.  Please call me with any questions.  DG 713-853-9573 
 Please look over this and get back with me on any changes you would like to make.  I am going to set up a new counterparty in our system:  Enovate LLC.  Under this new counterparty will be 3 books in Tagg:  FT-ENOVATE, INTRA-ENOVATE, AND FT-INT-ENOVATE.  The INTRA-ENOVATE book will hold deals such as the Trunkline deal and will retain Rho & Drift.  The FT-ENOVATE book will be a flat book only used for  the confirmation process (deals must be in an FT book to be confirmed).  The FT-INT-ENOVATE book will pass Rho & Drift to the interest rate group.  This book will be used for EMW related deals not specific to Enovate.  The current entity Enron MW LLC will continue to be used and will have the following books in Tagg:  FT & Intra NSS1, FT & Intra NSS2, and FT & Intra TP.  FT and Intra MEH books will no longer be used.  The P&L will sum the 3 Enovate books to arrive at one number.  The other columns on the P&L(NSS1, NSS2, and TP) will be unaffected.  I had planned on just adding the Enovate books, but think we really need to set up a new entity as well.  I have run this by accounting and have their approval.  Let me know what you think and we will start the process.  We will have this completed by the end of this month.  Thanks.  DG 713-853-9573 
 Steve, Attached is a list of the Hub Deals we have currently in the system.  I tried to reconcile them to the sheet you sent me but could not.  Please take a look at these and give me a call.  Thanks.  DG 713-853-9573 
 Done  DG     Kevin W Drachenberg 09/11/2000 10:24 AM 
 The NYMEX was closed on Friday so I was off.  We can try this week if you're available.  DG 
 Debny,  Central  Kam Keiser 3-5781 Darron Giron 3-9573  West  Anne Bike 5-7735  East  Kyle Etter 3-9185 
 NQ2167.1 NQ2177.1 NQ4558.1 NQ4558.4 NS7295.1 NS7295.4  Thanks  DG 
 You going to the game?  Let me know.  DG 
 I am in the process of getting these deals valued.  I know what we have booked in Tagg as of now, but need to reconcile it to what People's has booked.  I got something from Steve last time I was up, but it does not have deal terms.  Could you ask Steve for a list that has the terms of each deal? I don't even know his last name.  Thanks.  DG 
 Will you please send Richard Tomaski a version of yesterday's DPR that can be printed or forwarded.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Find anything good?  I love you.  D 
 The deal was entered twice.  I killed 279644.  I spoke with Michael, and he knows the deal has been killed.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 I hope you have a great day.  I love you.  D 
 Did you grant the $750 in orig from the ticket I gave you yesterday?  Let me know.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Susan,  Do you have a ticket for the above referenced deal?  I am trying to find Sitara numbers, but I don't have a ticket for the deal.  Let me know.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 You should see this from Luchas tonight.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 I totally forgot about the weekly meeting.  Sorry.  Like I said yesterday, I'm working on getting new books set up for Chicago.  I just need to follow-up with Mary Lynn on Friday before I submit requests.  I'm also working on OA issues for July.  I will teach a class on Thursday and next Tuesday to settlements about OA (just basics like desk price, customer price, and liquidations).  In addition, I need to ask you a few questions about the Trunkline deal.  When I meet with Mary Lynn on Friday, I am going to explain the deal to her.  That's about it.  Once again, I apologize about missing the meeting today.  DG    3-9573 
 Kristi wanted me to send you a note saying we will be there for the game on Saturday.  See you there.  DG 
 After looking over the deal, I need to ask Steve Jackson a couple of questions.  So I probably will not be able to walk you through the deal today because I have some questions myself on a couple of the legs.  I was hoping to get this done today.  But for sure by the end of the week.  I want to ask you some questions about how Richard wants the books to be changed.  See you at 1:00.  DG 
 I'll see you at 1:00  DG 
 Yes.  Just after lunch if possible.  It's bid week.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 It's no big deal, but I still can't see Kristi's IRA online.  I also don't receive statements in the mail for the account.  It looks as if the automated transactions worked this month.  DG 
 How was class?  I'll see you tonight.  D 
 OK 
 Remember to look at your school schedule so we can book our flights to Kansas.  D 
 How did everything go this AM?  I hope well.  Today is you're first day of class, right?  Have a good day.  I love you.  D 
 Daniel, Laura Luce would like to send the latest Enovate DPR to the chairman of People's Corp.  But the copies we receive have some sort of protection which I'm sure you are aware of.  Will you please send her the latest so that she can forward it to this guy?  Let me know if that is a problem.  Thanks.  DG  I am in Chicago today. 312-541-1198 
 He started to cry last night when you said you were not going to sign him up.  I think we can.  Starting Sep 1, I will not be running a book.  I will be able to leave at a decent hour on scheduled days.  So I will be able to help.  Let me know what you think.  DG 
 I'm in the office.  You need to look a a calendar to see when you can come up here.  Hopefully for a weekend the Cubs are in town.  I love you.  DG 
 Lee, after I put in the deals, the system went down and I was not able to get them to calc.  So they are not in these numbers.  They will be tonight.  See you guys later today.  DG 
 Could you please follow up on this.  Thanks.  DG 
 I'll try it. 1.I have heard this before, but just can't remember 2.Niagra Falls 3.No idea.  Probably something like rubarb 4.Baseball 5.Strawberry 6.They put the bottle on the pear when it is little and tie it to the tree. It grows inside the bottle. 7.dwindle, dwarf, dwell, dweeb 8.comma, period, semicolon, colon, apostrophe, exclamation point, question mark 9.Minnesota 10.error, hit by pitch, fielders choice, strike out (then passed ball or wild pitch), catcher interference, 11.Lettuce 12.socks, sandals, shoes, slippers, stockings, skis (i don't know if that counts) 
 I believe we are in agreement on the new deal amounts.  I held back $1,087,409 from the MEH book.  The MEH book lost $ mostly because there was $20K added to the P&L last Friday.  I did not add that amount back in tonight.  I don't know what it is.  I'll talk to you in the morning.  Let me know if there is something you want me to send you.  Thanks.  DG 
 Well, I hate to write this, but I found out last night that I will have to be in Chicago next Wednesday thru Friday.  Call me.  DG 3-9573 
 Thanks.  I'm obviously not very observant.  DG 
 I didn't get a good response from the one person I know in IT.  So I am sending your resume out for some IT jobs I see posted on our intranet and have asked for help from the HR dept.  I didn't think this would take so long.  I appologize, but I am still trying.  DG 
 I have a friend who is looking to change employers.  He is in the IT field. I was looking on the intranet and found this posting.  Although, he would be interested in any similar job.  I will attach his resume.  What is the best way to get his resume in front of the proper people?  I would appreciate your opinion.  I don't work in the IT field and really don't know anyone at Enron that does.  Thanks in advance for your help.  DG 3-9573 
 Kevin,  I just wanted to mention a few things.  I'm sure you are doing them already most of the time, but they really need to be done on each and every deal.  Link all physical Tagg deals by putting the Sitara number in the LINK field Put the Tagg number in the comments section of any Sitara deal also booked in Tagg Put the Tagg number in SCI for any Sitara deal also booked in Tagg Put the EOL number in Sitara and/or Tagg for every EOL deal Also, in Tagg there is a System of Origin field - Select Enron on Line for every EOL deal Manually rebook every EOL deal that fails - If you have trouble doing this, just let me know and I'll follow up.  Thanks.  DG 
 Gary, We need to have two more books created as soon as possible.  These need to be set up the same as the others(not as PA books) Kam requested (moving from and Intra book to an FT book).  FT-INT-CNT-TRANS FT-INT-EMWMEH  Call if you have any questions.  Thanks   DG 3-9573 
 I told Dawn already, but my brother is getting married on the 16th.  We can't make it.  DG 
 I love you 
 Kim,  How are you?  I got your address from Sean and wanted to make sure it worked.  I just sent a note to your dad asking if he was going to be in town for the weekend of November 11th.  I plan on taking the whole group up for the KU-UT game.  I hope you will be in town as well.  Let me know.  Take care.  DG 
 Uncle Clark,  How are things?  I hope this note finds you well.  I wanted to see if you were going to be in town for the weekend of November 11th.  I plan on bringing the whole group up for the KU-UT game that weekend.  I can't believe it has almost been 4 years since we last visited up there.  We are doing well here in Houston.  Everyone is getting ready for the school year.  In fact, Kristi has already started back.  The kids begin on the 9th.  Enron still seems to monopolize my time.  But it's a great place to work.  Let me know about that weekend.  I hope you will be in town as  I am looking forward to seeing you all.  DG 
 Done  DG     Kevin W Drachenberg 08/03/2000 11:48 AM 
 We are definately going skiing this winter.  We have not been for over two years.  I also want the kids to start skiing.  Send all of your sisters if you have them.  I'll put them in my address book and won't have to keep bugging you.  Take care.  DG 
 Sean,  How's CO?  I hope you are doing well.  I know I have asked you before, but I seem to have accidentally deleted your dad and sister's email addresses.  I want to ask you dad if he will be in town when KU plays Texas later in November.  I want to bring the whole family.  If you get a chance, shoot me a message with his info.  My mom is vacationing in NY so I can't ask her. Thanks.  DG 
 I got it shortly after I emailed.  Thanks.  DG 
 Jay,  Have you initiated the purchases in my Roth IRA?  I don't see the pending purchases online.  Thanks.  DG 
 The new exchange deals for the EMW Park & Loan are 350499 and 350511.  DG  3-9573 
 Have you heard about this?  DG 
 I changed the counterparty name in Tagg  DG 
 Do you have rooms available for 9/15 & 9/16?  If so what are the rates for a room with a double bed?  Thanks.  DG 713-853-9573 
 I have not received a response.  Please help.  DG ES935566 713-853-9573 
 Gregg, I used the following counterparties in the query:  Central Illinois Public Service Company Central Illinois Light Company Illinois Power Company Northern Indiana Public Service Company Nicor, Inc. Nicor Energy LLC. Nicor Enerchange LLC. Nicor Gas Company Nicor Gas Marketing Company Nipsco Industries, Inc. Nipsco Energy Services, Inc. NiSource Capital Markets, Inc.  The only deals I came up with were with Nicor.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to call me.  DG    3-9573 
 Please send me the Meta ID.  I don't remember it.  I want to make sure we have covered all of the counterparties.  Thanks.  DG 
 Nipple Nibbler  DG 
 Last Friday I was trying to get into my account online but couldn't remember my password.  After three unsuccesful attempts the system locked me out.  I know my password now, but I am still locked out.  Please help.  DG ES935566 713-853-9573 
 Jay,  I looked over the info you forwarded but have decided to just buy two mutual funds.  Unless you have a better suggestion, buy APGCX and MCGTX.  And I really mean it when I say if you have a better suggestion let me know.  It looks like the transfers worked properly.  But are the automatic purchases of mutual funds in place?  I don't see the activity on the web page.  Lastly, and I think this is just administrative stuff, Kristi's Roth IRA does not show up on the web or on the statements we receive in the mail.  Thanks.  DG 
 I'm in Chicago again.  I return this afternoon.  DG 
 Glad you had a good time.  Next time we will have both SeaDo's working and hopefully the lake will be a little higher.  We have your sandals.  At least I think they are yours.  I am in Chicago right now.  We will try and get them to you soon.  Use dgiron@enron.com for my email address.  DG 
 Done     Kevin W Drachenberg 07/18/2000 12:46 PM 
 It seems as if I have caused some confusion.  Last night's email attachment was the P&L that did not include People's or Origination's share of the total.  Currently attached is the P&L that was signed off on last night.  If you have any questions, please call.  DG    3-9573 
 I get an error when I launch the program in Access.  DG    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jay,  I have the following transfers in place on a recurring basis beginning 7/20/00:  $1,065/mo from my checking account into 226-27209 $175/mo from 226-27209 into 226-27210 $150/mo from 226-27209 into 226-27211  I would like to make monthly purchases (with the net amount transferred) of the existing mutual funds in each of the three accounts.  Buy $740/mo of APGCX in 226-27209 Buy $175/mo of APGCX in 226-27210 Buy $150/mo of APGCX in 226-27211  Call if you have any questions.  DG 
 Physical Books CENTRAL  483279  Gulf CENTMIDSTH  826984  Midcon1 CENTMIDNTH  826985  Midcon2 CENTMKTMIC  773281  Market CENTMKTCG  773283  Market2 CENTRLTRSP  483282  Transport  Gas Daily & Price/Basis/Index Books INTRA-CENTRAL INTRA-CNT-GULF IM-CENT-MID INTRA-CEN-MID2 INTRA-CNT-MKT INTRA-CNT-MKT2 INTRA-CNT-TRANS INTRA-GD-TRANS INTRA-CNT-NEW INTRA-NGPL-STRG  If you have any questions, please call.  DG    3-9573 
 Drew,  Here is Agave for June.  I also made a change to May.  I was calculating the differential off of the wrong location index.  DG 
 I was wondering why you were waiting so long to respond.  I'm glad he is staying.  I think it says something about his commitment to the program he built.  It also says a little about the Big XII.  How are things in CO?  I'm in Chicago now but am heading for LA later this afternoon for Carlos&Y's shower.  Take care.  DG 
 I am in Chicago right now and will not return until Monday.  DG 
 I have been in Chigago for the last two weeks.  The CD is in my desk in Houston.  What is your location?  I can have it sent via intercompany mail. Sorry about this.  DG 
 So who is the next Jayhawk coach going to be?  DG 
 Audrey,  I'm in Chicago now but I need to ask you some questions about a few Sitara deals.  They are 298277, 298283, and 298296.  They are between EPMI and EMW. Are these deasl going to be settled by Unify?  Do we currently see Unify invoices/verifications for EMW or EPMI?  Thanks.  DG 
 It looks better.   DG 
 Any word on a stock for Carley's custodial account?  Also, I would like to talk about selling the Dell in my IRA and diversify some.  Let me know what you think.  I'm in Chicago and am returning on Friday afternoon.  I can check my email.  Thanks.  DG 
 I wanted to show you when I sent this and how long it took to set it up.  Go home before 11pm today!  DG 
 Sure.  You know how to reach me.  I'll be back in the office on Monday. DG 
 Stephanie,  We are breaking up our Central Midcon region into two books beginning July 1.  To facilitate this, Sitara has set up two new internal books:  ENA-IM Mid Central South & ENA-IM Mid Central North.  It would be helpful if we could have any physical June EOL deals continue to be booked to ENA-IM Central but all physical July-out deals booked to the new books.  The two traders involved are Kelli Stevens and Ed Smith.  Kelli Stevens ENA-IM Mid Central South Ed Smith ENA-IM Mid Central North  Please let me know if there is anything else I need to do to expedite this request.  Thanks for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 Done.  DG 
 Gabriel, We recognized a total of $9,488 of Orig last night.  All from FT-Central.  Is the $468 from another book?  DG    3-9573 
 Thanks.  Sorry , I seem to be taking up alot of your time lately!  DG    3-9573 
 Does this mean that the two new Sitara books I requested are complete?  I looked in Sitara and could not find the new names.  Please let me know. Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Gary, We need to add a new book in Tagg.  Kam suggested I send the request to you. Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Sure.  DG 
 Ron, Please add the following book to Tagg:  IM-CENT-MID2  If you need any additional information, please call.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 This is the latest from Imelda. 
 Jay,  I want to set up a monthly automatic transfer from my checking account but have had trouble getting a PIN number from the phone number that was mailed to me.  I want to have $1,065 transferred into the CMA account; on the 15th of each month if possible.  I would like $150 transferred into 226-27211 and then used to purchase the mutual fund already in the account, $175 transferred into 226-27210 and then used to purchase the mutual fund already in the account, and then have the remaining amount ($740) used to purchase the mutual fund in the CMA account (226-27209).  Please help.  Thanks.  DG 713-853-9573 
 Imelda,  Please change the subregion code for all ANR ML5 deals from Market to Midcon.  Also, the curve mapping needs to be changed as well.  Intramonth IF-ANR/OK Mid Market IF-ANR/OK Gas Daily GDP-ANR/OK  If you have any questions, please call.  Also, will you please send me the latest version of the Central curve mappings.  Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 On second thought, it might be easier to allow the two books to have deals on any Central pipe.  We will make sure that the deals are on the correct counterparty (North or South)  DG    3-9573 
 ENA-IM Mid Central South ANR SW PEPL OGT (ONG) Reliant Williams MRT Transok Enogex  ENA-IM Mid Central North NNG Northern Border NGPL  DG    3-9573    Imelda Frayre 
 We need to break out our Midcon region into two separate books starting with July production.  We did this with the Market region a couple of months ago. If possible, I would like to use these two names:  ENA-IM Mid Central South ENA-IM Mid Central North  Please let me know what needs to be done in order to expedite this request. Thanks.  DG    3-9573 
 Instead of sending $ in and pulling $ out every month, I am going to stop sending $ into the CMA account starting this month.  I actually have already done this on the web.  What I need you to do is to stop the monthly purchase of APGCX for $340 begining this month.  Also, any idea if I am going to receive a 1099 for the recharacterization of the IRAs?  I noticed online that  the Roths are now zero.  Thanks.  DG 
 pep.enron.com 
 *Ran Aruba and Sithe books in order to become familiar with risk procedures *Took over Intra Central book *Handled most of the OA issues on the desk *Run all calc sheet deals on the desk *Trained S. Palmer     Enron North America Corp. 
 IM-CENT-MID INTRA-CNT-GULF INTRA-NGPL-STRG INTRA-CNT-MKT INTRA-CNT-MKT2 INTRA-CNT-TRANS INTRA-PARKLOAN INTRA-GD-TRANS INTRA-CENTRAL INTRA-CNT-NEW 
 Tagg IM-CENT-MID INTRA-CNT-GULF INTRA-NGPL-STRG INTRA-CNT-MKT INTRA-CNT-MKT2 INTRA-PARKLOAN INTRA-GD-TRANS INTRA-CENTRAL INTRA-CNT-NEW  INTRA-ONTARIO INTRA-ONT-CAD FT-ONT-CENTRAL FT-ONT-CEN-GDL  FT-CENTRAL FT-CENTRAL-GD FT-CENTRAL-CAN  Sitara ENA-IM Central ENA-IM Mkt Central CG ENA-IM Mkt Central MICH ENA IM Central Transport ENA-IM Ontario 
 Please detatch, resave, and run this file using your info and send it back to me.  Thanks. Call if you have any questions.  DG 
 Hector, I don't believe I am set up to review as a supervisor in the PEP system.  How do I get this changed in the system?  Let me know.  Thanks DG 
 Jeff, If we give these reviews in late Jan or Feb of next year, I think I could review Chris, Jason, Anne, and Jennifer.  I don't think I should review Dawn, Greg, or Kim.  Although, if I were in their shoes, I would want you involved in some capacity.  What do you think?  DG    3-9573    Enron North America Corp. 
 Diane,  The Chicago region is just me.  If you need my salary, let me know.  I travel to Chicago about once a month ($1,750/Trip).  I am a CPA so I like to take about 30 hours of classes per year.  I sincerely apologize about my tardiness.  Thanks so much for your help.  DG    3-9573 
 I did get your message and resume.  I am waiting for a return call from a person in our IT group.  I'll let you know what he says.  DG 
 Bryce,  I'll get it done today.  DG    3-9573 
 You can get good speaker packages, but many of them are not really good. I'll bring some magazines that have articles on some good speaker sets.  You can also just put your own package together.  If you do this make sure the speakers are of the same brand.  This is what I did for Scott.  Many of the speaker packages use  5 small speakers and a sub.  But I suggested larger front L&R speakers to Scott for playing music.  Any decent receiver will have a decoder built in.  And I do have some brand names, but it really depends on how much you are willing to spend.  I'll go through my stash of magazines tonight and see what I can find for you to read.  DG 
 We are updating the pricing today.  I'll let you know when it's finished.  DG 
 I changed the deal to $14,028  DG 
 We granted a total of $320K ($220K to you and $100K to credit reserve) by mistake.  We will take the extra $100K in orig from you tonight.  I appologize for the error.  DG 
 No, I sent the email to you by mistake.  We will be at Sheri's tomorrow.  How do you know her?  Is it through Dawn?  When Sheri sent the message to everyone, I noticed your name on the list and called to ask, but you didn't pick up, and I didn't leave a message.  DG 
 I won't blame you if you don't get that requested info to me.  I migrated to Windows 2000 and it had an old address book.  Sorry.  DG 
 Done.  DG 
 Irena,  One thing that would help me out the most is when new people start in the group, we have all of their applications and passwords ready to go.  Other than that, I think you guys do a great job.  Thanks.  DG 
 Everything is OK over here.  I heard about the spring game.  31K is alot of people for a game that doesn't count.  Who is buying your company?  If it goes south, I'm sure I can get you on over here.  Let me know how it turns out.  We need to get together for lunch again.  Can you on Friday?  DG 
 Grant is gonna be pissed!  DG 
