 Yes I am. 
 hey rob, try this, call me with any questions.  thanks.  John 
 Hi,  I am Angie's husband (vintagegarb) and I would like to talk to you about the leather jacket she had listed on ebay.  Please email me with you phone number so that we can discuss.  Thank you very much.  Sincerely,  John Griffith 
 Hey Reggie,  How are you doing?  I don't know if you remember me but I was a friend of Chris Larson's.  I was wondering what you  guys are going to do with the furniture and the flat screens?  Do you need any help selling them?  Will you offer any to the employees?  I know you are busy in these times.  If you get a chance, call me at x.36247 or at home (713) 527-8743.  Thank you and have a great day.  Hope all is well with you and your family.  John Griffith 
 Steven,  John Arnold asked me to send you this report.  It is from our position on 11/2/01.  Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  I can be reached via email or by phone (713) 853-6247.  Thanks.  John Griffith 
 John,  Thank you for pulling me aside and reinforcing your confidence in me and also putting things into perspective.  I guess the reason I was a little upset is that I feel that we are a family here.  I spend more time with you guys than I do with my wife.  I felt a little betrayed.  I should not have felt that way.  You guys have given me the oppurtunity of a lifetime, I am very thankful for that.  I have never questioned the importance of you or Mike of anyone on our desk.  Please forgive me if I have been a little down.  I think that I am truly okay now.  It has been a very emotional couple of weeks with everything going on.  I know we will get through this.  I once again want to tell you that I am here for anything that needs to be done.  You will not here about this situation again.  Thank you for understanding.  I put my total trust in you.  John 
 Hey what is going on?  I haven't talked to you in a few days and I feel los= t.  First day at work in a while.  It feels weird.  I miss you very much.  = I hope you have had a wonderful holiday season.  Mine has been okay.  Very = long.  Not as good as it could have been.  I think about you every second o= f the day.  I am sorry I haven't called but the times I did call and I only= had a limited amount of time, it didn't end good and I didn't want that to= happen.  I want you to know that out of sight does not mean out of mind.  = You are always on my mind.  I can't get by without thinking of you.  I have= thought alot about my situation over the last couple of weeks.  I don't kn= ow how I am going to manage it but I need to make a change for myself.  I f= eel like I am in some sort of prison.  I need more freedom, I need more lov= e, I need more affection, I need more life.  You probably try not to think = about us because of the situation, I understand that, but I hope I haven't = left your mind completely.  You are so special, so beautiful, wonderful, fu= n and I haven't even got to know you that well yet.  Have a wonderful New Y= ear and please be careful.  Think about me.  I cherish the day I can see yo= u again. =20  John 
 Hello my sugar, as soon as I get something found out about the flight I will come home.  I will call or email.  Love you  The Pigs 
 Hey sugar, why don't you pick me up at 12:30.  Is that okay?  Do you want me to deposit my check?  Call me when you get a chance.  Love you  The Pigs 
 I just tried to access the directory and it said access denied? 
 johngriffith65  How is it going?  I miss you. 
 Thank you for your help.  John 
 Here you go.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  John 
 John,  As you are aware, there was some confusion on the 2 Peoples trades we did on 10/15/01.  We did not find out there could be a problem until yesterday, 15 days after the trade was input into the system.  I consider this unacceptable so I wanted to find out what happened to our processes internally.  A person named Richard in the physical confirm area was the one that let Amy know the trade wasn't a financial trade but a physical trade.  I called him to ask him why it took 15 days to find this out.  He said that the deal was entered into as a financial deal so he didn't know about the trade until yesterday.  The person in charge of financial confirms is Diane Anderson and I called her to ask what happened.  She said she didn't know but would check into it.  She left me a message yesterday evening saying that for about 5 days in October they were shorthanded and they didn't confirm any financial trades.  THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE,  especially in the situation we are currently in.  I haven't talked to her again but I wanted you to know about this.  Not to put any more problems on your desk, but this needs to be fixed.  Amy yesterday found a person at Peoples that knows the trades as we know them (financial).  So the trade is okay, but it could have been a $500,000 hit to Mike's book.  Please let me know if I can do anything.  Thanks.  John 
 That is great thank you.  I enjoyed you here.  Attached are Vladis files.  Call me when you get a chance so that I can go over them with you.  See you soon.  John 
 Carlos, give me a call today (Friday) when you get a chance.  853-6247.  Thanks.  John 
 I am sorry I haven't called you yet, I will talk to my wife about this.  Do you live in Montrose or near Montrose?  Maybe we could see the skeleton.  I am very interested in seeing what it looks like.  I will call you later.  Thanks.  John 
 I haven't tested yet, but looks interesting.  Thanks.  John 
 A broker just sent me this today.  I am going to talk to him to get the details after trading.  Thought you would like to know.  Thanks.  John   "Here is the announcement: Reliant Energy Weather Risk Management Group has developed Weather-sensitive Gas Load Indices ("WGLI"),  indices that measure national or regional residential and commercial gas consumption during the heating season. We believe the indices will provide valuable information for gas traders as well as other market participants.  We plan to make a swap market in the indices in the near future. We hope the WGLI swaps will become a new financial tool to help you or your clients to better manage their risks associated with the fluctuation of gas demand." 
 Greg,  I want to thank you so much for all you work on the trade blotter.  We are getting close here.  I put together a list of items to get the thing completely operational.  Below is the list and maybe we could talk today to discuss.  Thanks.  BLOTTER  - rearrange the deal input screen - have Amy's sheet pull deals from access database - get Mike Maggi's computer set up for the access database - build a spreadsheet to take a snapshot of the blotter for Mike Maggi - set up a default month for the deal input screen (possibly an input on the spreadsheet) - have deal input screen popup on the screen that the spreadsheet is open in - on morning macro, include clear trades, clear charm, clear theta and clear recon numbers - separate price and vol on the Fetch Curves button - delete evening macro - add button for settle prices - add button to print position, pnl, options and swap pages (one button) - test multiple user input on the deal input spreadsheet  This list might look like alot, but I think most items will only take a few minutes to correct or change.  Let me know when you get a chance to sit down and talk about this.  Thanks.  John Griffith 
 Everything is going okay.  Dynegy has bought us out.  I think that if I was still in structuring then I might be worried, but I am trading natural gas options and the desk I work for has been very profitable.  I think that the natural gas and power trading floors are the main reason they bought us.  I would think they would like to keep things as they are on these desks, but you never know.  It will take 6-9 months before anything happens.  How are you doing?  I haven't heard from you in a while.  I would love to get together sometime.  My phone number is (713) 853-6247.  Call me sometime.  I guess you are working for Jeff Young now?  He used to be my boss.  How is the Europe group?  Are they still the same?  I am not for sure how your company is set up now.  How is married life?  Is you wife in the US now?  Are you still in DC?  Talk to you soon.  John 
 Additional people to give access to the financial trading directory (Read and Write Access):  Errol McLaughlin Joey Taylor Laura Vargas Kori Loibl Matt Olney Ina Rangel Becky Young Kimberly Hillis  Thanks for your help.  John 
 Thank you.  John 
 Thanks Greg, I think it fixed it.  Have a wonderful Thanksgiving and I will see you in 1 week.  Take care.  John 
 Antonio,  I am John Griffith, I sit next to Mike Maggi and John Arnold, my yahoo messenger address is johngriffith65.  Send me info whenever you need.  Thanks.  By the way my phone number is 713-853-6247.  Thanks.  John 
 here are the settles thanks  John 
 thank you very much, talk to you soon.  John 
 Thanks, call me with any questions.  John 
 Thanks, call me with any questions.  John 
 Hey sugar, I am still at work, just waiting on the IT people to set up a new folder in the UBS directory so that I can move all my files over.  Once that is done I will be leaving.  I will probably go directly to the Container Store.  Just let me know if that is okay.  Are you getting hungry?  Do you want me to bring something?  Or do you want to eat at home.  Love you  The Pigs 
 Thanks,  Will this folder be set up today?  John 
 here are the settles, thanks.  John 
 How about 6:45, tomorrow is settlement (bid week) is that okay?  let me know.  Love you  The pigs 
 yes he is going to deposit the check today if he has time, he was going to do his best to do it today but he was working on selling his house and buying another, if not then first thing in the morning, $1000.  He said that Jeff Keller is definitely interested in the stereo, do you want me to call him later?  Love you  The Pigs 
 will you bring me 3 prunies when you come?  thank you I love you.  The Pigs 
 Amanda,  Could you set up the following people with Read and Write access the the O:\Research folder.  Chris is moving all the information over to the new O: drive. Let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks.  Mike Maggi Andy Zipper Larry May Jeb Ligums Dutch Quigley John Lavorato John Griffith   John 
 Thanks.  I have a question Paige, will I be able to create folders under this folder?  If not then I need to send another request in.  John 
 I need to have a new folder set up under the new O drive, it is as follows:  O:\Financial_Trading  I should be listed as owner.  Also, please give the following people read and write access to these folders:  Mike Maggi John Lavarato Dutch Quigley Larry May Jeb Ligums Andy Zipper  Thanks for you help.  I need these set up as soon as possible.  Please call with any questions or concerns.  John Griffith  (713) 853-6247 
