nowledge of shut-in costs for western Canada.  We have heard all of the typical low price rumors of Rockies shut-ins at a dollar.  I am going to put Steve South and Paul Lucci in charge of presenting a shut-in analysis by field in the Rockies and san juan.  What do I need to have these guys look at in terms of variable costs.  Is it as simple as gathering and processing?  Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Is Keith setting this up?  Should we do this first thing at the Wed fundies meeting?  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hello.  It is actually Ryan O'Rouke, #17.  Thanks, Mike 
 How is this issue? 
 Temp file until the IT group completes the Internet version. 
 Palo file.  Winter is approaching.  You are the King. 
 Trust, starring Keith Holst, rated PG. 
 Thank you for the resume.  I will forward this to our Operations group for the western region.  I think his experience would be a good fit for our logistics group.  I will have you call Patti Sullivan.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Thank you for the offer.  Courtney and I are going to the TX/OU game. 
 Let me know if you guys have any questions about this project while Elizabeth is out.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Thank you.  Let me know when you are ready to demo.  Mike 
 I have asked the coal group to talk to us at 2:30 today in room 3267.  Please attend for a west coal 101.  Thanks, Mike 
 Room 3267 at 2:30.  My phone number is 7031.  Thanks 
 Please forward to Matt Smith and others. 
 Any feedback from your group on dropping the nom?  Thanks, Mike 
 Please take a look.  Feel free to modify and send back for my review.  Mike 
 Would you like to sit down with a group of traders from the west gas desk?  Should you bring along the guy who sent us the coal plants, Aaron Martinsen?  Tomorrow afternoon around 2:30.  Mike 
 Thanks.  Can I email this in the morning? 
 I already had you rotating out.  I will let you know which pipe you are scheduling.  Thanks for all of your hard work.  Mike 
 Is the October calendar on the web?  Mike 
 As most of you know, Monique Sanchez has resigned and will be leaving Enron October 12.  Monique is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc? and will be living in Deer Valley.  We congratulate Monique on her move and thank her for all of her contributions to the west desk.  We will plan a going away dinner for Monique before she leaves.  Mike 
 I understand we had a problem with our database yesterday.  We will send you the final spreadsheet for October.  Thank you, Mike Grigsby 
 Please activate the following products:  38205 61777 61775 61773  Thank you, Mike 
 That sounds fine. 
 Monique has resigned and will be leaving October 12.  Please take one of her monitors and give it to Mog.  Thanks, Mike 
 John,  Monique Sanchez submitted her resignation this afternoon. She is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc? and will not be working in the industry.  I moved all of her positions to my book today.  We have cancelled her EOL trading rights and her stack manager ID.  She will be managing the Permian cash position on EOL for my book, much like Matt and Jason are doing right now.  We have asked her to stay until October 12 so that she may complete her SJ/PERM  production and work on west fundamentals.  Please let me know if you have any problems with this arrangement.  Mike 
 Thank you for the information. 
 If you guys would like this sheet as well, then send an email to Amy Felling.  Mike 
 Please call her and let her know that I cancelled my Bloomberg a few weeks ago.  Have her confirm it via email.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks.  Will you add West to the report title.  West Natural Gas Prices.  Nice work 
 Thank you.  I forwarded your resume to Keith Holst.  Please fell free to contact him.  Thanks, Mike 
 I am thinking that I will make the Socal markets going forward.  I will roll out the Nov-Mar and Apr-Oct.  Do you want to handle the internal flow with mid market?  Let me know what your thoughts are in regards to making longer term markets on EOL.  Mike 
 The overview last week was great.  Are you going to have Phil put together a graph of all expansions?  That would be a nice visual for the desk.  Thanks, Mike 
 Randy,  Will you please get together with Jason and discuss the daily report.  Randy is working with the Sitara group to generate a report which will include all trades, EOL and non-EOL trades.  This report will give us a complete analysis of the cash activity.  Thanks, Mike 
 Ryan,  Please run the report each day at 3:00 and email to the group.  Set up a distribution with the following names:  mike grigsby barry tycholiz stephanie miller kim ward (houston) mark whitt paul lucie phillip allen keith holst matt smith matt lenhart jason wolfe monique sanchez tori kuykendall steve south randy gay janie tholt moh heu jay reitmeyer jason huang susan scott eric bass tom martin bob badeer (portland) mike swerzbin (portland) matt motley (portland) tim belden (portland) chris foster (portland) chris mallory (portland) tom alonso (portland) chad clark (canada) chris dorland (canada) mike cowan (canada)  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you schedule him for an hour each with Phillip and I and 30 minutes with the other guys.  Thanks. 
 I tried the sheet today and failed.  Stop by when you get a chance to test.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hello. I am sorry.  I have not had a chance to speak to Elizabeth.  I will let you know.  Thanks, Mike 
 There are rumors circulating that the Associate/Analyst program will be reduced soon.  Can we address this issue with some of the Associate/Analyst employees on the floor?  Will Associates be reduced regardless of whether or not they are in a core business, etc.?  Let me know if I can address this with some of our people.  Mike 
 Let's not forget the fact that Citizens has cut Enron more during the life of the deal.  The only company walking away from a deal will be Enron.  We will set up a meeting to discuss fixing the problem.  Thanks, Mike 
 We have conference room 6716 from 3:00 to 4:00 each day for OPS.  I have not inspected the room to see if it will accommodate our entire group.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please invite him to come to the interview.  I have talked to people that he worked with and they highly recommend him.  I sent him an email and asked him to call me when he gets a chance.  I had trouble dialing his number.  Thanks, Mike 
  Can you include the desk to desk summary in this email each day?  The title of the report is Enorn North America Corp. (Deal Detail Listing Counterparty).  It lists all desk to desk trades by book.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please review this file every day.  Biliana will be posting this file on the web in the near future.  The summary includes all desk to desk deals.  Mike 
 Sounds good.  I would like Monte to prepare my estimate on newcurrentday first, submit it to you, then calc the book.  Is this okay?  Mike 
 What is this project? 
 Please look into this deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 Do you have a minute to discuss your role on the west desk?  Please come by my desk.  Mike 
 Jason Huang has already done his rotation in the west as an analyst.  Please move him into another rotation.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please take Matt Lenhart's var limit on the sheet to 2 million.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Thank you. 
 I am having trouble dialing your number.  I spoke to Randy Bhatia and he recommended you with confidence.  After reviewing your resume I would like to go ahead and recommend that you come to the interview process in November.  Please call me at work when you get a chance, 713-853-7031.  Thanks,  Mike Grigsby 
 Monte,  Please scrub the prompt tab, phys index tab, fin index tab, and consolidated tab.  Make sure they all tie out to the hedge strips and sitara.  Shannon will give you a copy of my physical volumes from sitara.  We will go over it tomorrow.    Shannon,  Please run a new copy of all DEC positions for IM WC CAL and give it to Monte Jones.  Thanks, Mike 
 We will hold off transferring any physical positions desk to desk until the end of bidweek.  After NX1, we will transfer positions at a daily EOL Index mid price.  Please monitor my book and others to make certain DEC deals are not being transferred prior to NX1 at an IF monthly or GD daily mid price.  Thanks,  Mike 
 No problem. 
 My physical hedge strips are not matching sitara for San Juan and Permian.  Please check the positions for DEC and take a look at how all of the transport is booked.  Thanks, Mike 
 Let's go ahead and move it.  Thanks. 
 Have you solved the problem with the positions?  Let me know.  Mike 
 Was Elizabeth Shim on the list?  I can't remember.  Mike 
 Please place her at 60 or below.  She is under a performance review plan and has been removed from Trading Track.  Zack McCarroll started with the west desk two weeks ago.  Do we need to add him to the list?  Thanks, Mike 
 He came over from Broadband.  We think this guy is great.  We would like to rank him high enough to keep.  Try 40 and higher.  Thanks, Mike 
 The video says www.bloomberg.com.  We get the video source through an application called IP TV viewer.  I am not sure how Enron provides this service to us.  Grigsby 
 Please begin sending the P&L summary for the desk to this email.  Please tell Randy.  Thanks, Mike 
 We are including this language in our nightly bidweek summary to IFERC. 
 Has Phil found the supply for Mexicana? 
 In light of the current circumstances with the company and the concerns that our counterparties have at this time, I would like to leave the upstream business in Denver.  Moving this business would lead to confusion with our customers and to our Denver based employees.  Let me know if you have any issues with this.  If you would like to go up there for coordination and training, then feel free to travel to Denver.  Thanks, Grigsby 
 Please make five copies of this report for the meeting.  Thanks 
 Patti Sullivan informed me that the Logistics group performed a PRC last week and ranked Elizabeth Shim to be fired from Enron.  I do not believe Elizabeth Shim is there employee to rank for termination.  Until last week, Elizabeth Shim was in the Trading Track program on loan to Bob Hall and logistics.  If they were trying to meet quota by terminating Elizabeth, then I think they need to look elsewhere.  The Trading group should be making the decision on whether or not we fire Trading Track employees.  We just put Elizabeth on a performance plan and ranked her in the Associate/Analyst PRC on Monday.  Let me know,   Mike Grigsby 
 Go in and view the open positions.  We will discuss getting quotes in a few minutes.  Steve South will be coordinating our efforts to screen print ICE every 10 minutes.  Grigsby 
 Will you fax me the final rankings from the other day.  Did you get a chance to rank Zack McCarroll?  Please send it over when you get a chance.  Thanks, Mike 
 I am not sure how to approach this.  I appreciate your comments, but the ultimate decision will be made over the next few weeks. If you would like to resign, then let me know.  Mike 
 Please update the email distribution list to include Kelley_Doolan@platts.com and mhenergy@yahoo.com.  Let's go ahead and send our usual format.  No changes to the sheet.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 After the horns, NO!  How is it going?  Everything here is going okay.  The ENE story is behind us all.  Grigs 
 That is fine under the circumstances, but why were they sitting around for a few months without me knowing?  Thanks, Mike 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you for the email.  We are doing as well as we can after the Chris Simms debacle.  What a hack!  The ENE story is a good one.  Hunter and I will have you market the book, and your boy, Tate, will be the ghost writer.  We will see you soon.  Grigsby 
 Please give Zach McCarroll access to the network and reactivate his login and password.  Let me know why he was taken off the system.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby V.P., West Trading 
 Please make certain that Brent Dornier is on the payroll for ENA.  He is moving from London and will be with the west gas trading desk as an Associate/Analyst - Trading Track.  Thanks, Mike 
 Can you email me with the details? 
 PLEASE REACTIVATE ZACH MCCARROLL FOR NETWORK ACCESS IMMEDIATELY.  THANKS, MIKE GRIGSBY VICE PRESIDENT, WEST GAS TRADING 
 Thank you so much.  No one is better than you.  You should teach a class.  Love you, Mike 
 I just faxed it to you.  Let me know.  Mike 
 No problem.  I am leaving town Sat and Sun.  Let me know what works for him.  Mike 
 Bob,  After discussing the potential cuts with John, Randy Gay will remain as the only transfer to Logistics from my group.  I will have him run the group at that time.  Zachary McCarroll will be transferring to west risk from my group.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Your west desk cut us on the revised flex volumes of 30000 - none of it flowed.  I am confident they will have an excuse, but they have to know what their market is before final noms.  We need to do something to protect our reputation in the west.  The west is difficult enough to schedule when you are selecting your counterparties, but with EOL, we have become the physical "CUT Clearinghouse" in the west.  Any internal nom errors just make it more difficult to transact reliably on EOL.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 You want Zach in risk because he is better talent than what you currently have.  Patti will be noming a pipe and working for Randy. 
 Please move Donna off of the west desk logistics.  After discussing her experience with Randy and Don Black, I am choosing not to accept her on the west team.  Let me know if we need to move her to the 2 or 3 list.  Thanks, Mike 
 I do not see Monte on any of the three lists.  Will you pls check.  Mike 
 We put him in the West Orig team and he is being cut.  Tych will notify him today. 
  Are we making deliveries to this contract?  Please put together a cuts sheet for this deal.  Thanks, Mike 
 I do not know whether or not I will be in town.  Call me. 
 Patti Sullivan and Suzanne Christiansen informed me that all west deliveries have been kept whole.  Please contact them directly if you require detail on a daily basis.  They will be happy to assist you.  If you have any problems, please do not hesitate to call me at 713-853-7031.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby 
 What is this for? 
 For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.  I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby 
 We are looking at this.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike 
 Are we handling the PGT 75,000 of Malin deliveries in Jan just like we have in Dec?   Let us know.  Mike 
 I do not have access to this file.   I requested access to the curves directory.  Do I need specific access to the file?  Thanks, Mike 
 Do we have a contract with MGI?  Mike 
 It sounds like you do not trust her work, so we should just cut bait and move her into fundies.  Let me know if you really need her for weekends. 
 Changed just a few minor things in the summary.  Please look at the titles and arrangement of the positions in the summary.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sure.  Come by my desk after cash. 
 Ryan has done a great job creating and maintaining the basis pricing sheet.  I would like you guys to add two more tabs to the file.  Please add a physical and finacial index pricing sheet with the same format.  We may need to create a more elaborate fin index curve file to accomodate this file.  Please show me the fin index curve file tomorrow so that we may update.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks, Mike 
 I would like you to activate the following products:  64404 64406 64408 64410 64412  64376 64378 64380 64382 64384 64386 64392 64396   The location description during the copy process on the following products gave me problems.  Please create DEC 01 - Mar 02 products from these N0V-MAR product numbers:  63434 63430 63426 63422   Thanks!  Mike Grigsby x37031 
 You are on the list to interview.  Nov 1 
 We have Elizabeth Shim working on a new project.  We let her know that she will be moving into an analyst role for us in two weeks.  I asked her to give you her full focus for the remaining two weeks.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please review summary organization. 
 Please add him to the list.  His manager made a mistake.  Thanks, Mike 
 Jeff said that he spoke to you. I requested that they restate P&L for yesterday.  One issue is that I set the GD Index curves and Phys Index curves as usual, but Anne failed to pull in Index.  She pulled in only price and basis.  She will fix this going forward.  Reitmeyer's P&L was an issue with Logistics.  His transport tickets were not put in until 4:00 yesterday - too late to capture.  We will talk to Superty about this.  His P&L will be -610,000, a 1.3 million increase.  Frank Ermis is still looking into his issues.  I will call you after cash trading.  Mike 
 Wed will be spent trick or treating.  Let me know how long you will be in town?  Grigsby 
 Thank you.  Phillip Allen sits right behind me and he let me know that he was going to contact you.  We will see you in Houston.  Mike Grigsby 
 Thank you.  Let me know when you are done.  Mike 
 CAN WE RUN THIS FILE EVERY NIGHT?  ARE THE POSITIONS FROM OUR PERSPECTIVE OR THE COUNTERPARTY'S?  THANKS! 
 Will you please update the yesterday column.  We should have restated the P&L from yesterday.  Thanks, Mike 
 The positions still look incorrect.  Take a look at the total Malin for Dec-Mar.  Also, please include all NOV intra month positions, change the prompt month to Dec, and change the Winter to Q1 Jan - Mar.  Please forward a new copy after you make the changes.  Thanks, Mike 
 Same thing goes for this sheet.  Please move Nov to intra, Dec to prompt, etc.  No need to republish this sheet this morning.  Thanks, Mike 
  Please contact Jeff Hodge with the details of the cuts.  He needs the details to make the best case for Enron.  Please email your response to me before talking to Jeff.  Thanks, Mike 
 Sounds good.  Will you give us a speech when we go over?  Topic how? 
 Where do we stand with Texaco?  This attachment details cuts by Texaco at PG&E Topock.  We would like to use this as a potential offset to their penalties in the event they do not waive their 1.5 million charge.  Mike 
 The P&L was stated incorrectly again.  The new numbers just went out.  We were down 3.7 million on the day, most of that coming from the transport book that falls next to Phillip's name.  We clearly have issues with our book runners.  Gossett is trying to fix it, but the surprises keep coming.  Let's set up a time to discuss the desk.  Mike 
 Thank you. 
 Let's get together tomorrow to discuss the west.  How is 2:00?  Mike 
 Nice work.  Can you add Jason Wolfe to the next report.  Thanks, Mike 
 Is this resolved?  Let me know.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you change the dates of the column headings for the summary section.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please proceed with number one.  They withheld the money related to operational cuts in the west.  Please contact Accounting for Texaco's exact description of the penalty and I will have Patti Sullivan contact you with the details from our perspective.  Mike 
 Please add me to this distribution list so I will not miss any move updates.  Thanks, Mike 
 As you know, we have a new book runner for the west.  I have asked Kam Keiser to go ahead and set up two new books for you guys.  Matt's book will be IM WC Socal, and Jason's will be IM WC Nocal.  These books will be ready for when we move into the new building.  I will transfer any positions that I have to you guys at gas daily mid.  You will make the markets for your own books.  We will address having you guys take the gas dailies in the near future.  Congratulations!  Mike 
 What is an additional offer?  Are they in the trading track program? 
 What is the latest and greatest on this project?  Mike 
 Ina could not get us into the new building tomorrow, so we will not get together after work.  We will plan on going out as a group after we move over.  Mike 
 Sure.  I would like to see your group participate in all of our meetings.  3:30 every day, tues power fundies, and 3:00 wed gas fundies .  Morning meetings would help you guys as well. 
 I would like to put a request in for Brent Dornier as well.  We think Jason Huang should move on to another rotation.  He has served the west as an Analyst and believe that he should get experience on another desk.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 3209b - my desk. 
 You and Keith should try and get together this afternoon for thirty minutes.  Let me know.  Mike 
 You can go to erequest and selct this directory. 
 Thank you for the update.  Mike Grigsby 
 IN 
 THANKS 
 Thanks.  Please send the attachment. 
 Congratulations on your new baby boy.  Grigsby 
   http://www.edgar-online.com/bin/irsec/docframe.pl?doc=A-0000950129-01-503835&nad=1&nav=1 
 Hello Mojo.  Things have been interesting.  Thanks for thinking of the desk.  We are playing lots of liar's poker and listening to music again.  How are the muffins?  Grigs 
 Mike Grigsby Houston, 32 Ina Rangel  713-853-7031 
 Please delete the first total row in gray and the row below it that says "Western Canada Region Notional."  Then have the bottom total row sum all of the positions.  Thanks, Mike 
 Please grant full access to all of the west power traders.  They had access at one time, but can't get in now.  Bob Badeer Mike Swerzbin Matt Motley Tim Belden Tom Alonso  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Thanks for the work. 
 We saw a larger credit spread in the market between EOL and ICE.  EOL Socal cash was trading .08 higher than ICE Socal - We ended up short and the market made it very difficult to buy.  EOL SJ cash traded .10 to .20 cents lower than ICE.  The only point without a credit spread was Opal.  Liquidity picked up slightly from Thursday and Friday, but still slow.  No new counterparty issues.  Grigsby 
 The following will not deal:  Burlington Salt River Project Socal Gas Dynegy Phibro TXU Coral Engage WESCO Entergy-Koch J Aaron (They are clicking to close out positions only)    Grigsby 
 Mirant (They are clicking to reduce positions and exposure) 
 Keith Holst, from our west desk, met with Brent Dornier last week in London and Brent mentioned that he might be interested in joining the west gas trading desk.  We would like try and get him for his first Trading Track rotation.  Thanks, Mike Grigsby 
 Chris,  We would like to claim Brent Dornier for the west when he begins his Trading Track rotation.  What are your thoughts?  Grigsby 
 Thank you. 
 Will show me how to get this sheet running?  Drop by when you get a chance.  Thanks 
 Can we delete the inactive books listed in the drop down box in TDS?  Also, can we set up another selection that includes all books less Phillip Allen's.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Last week it would have been two cents, but now that there is a huge credit spread in the market, it may cost them .07.  We simply can't buy the physical volumes right now.  The credit spread in the SJ to cover our short is costing us .20.  I love this market. 
 This place gets better and better every day.  A piece of fiction. 
 Let me know when you would like to discuss. 
 NO 
 We will be limiting the attendee list for the Wed fundies meetings.  If you received this email then consider yourself invited. Please let the schedulers know that only Patti will be attending in the future.  This is due to available space in the conference rooms.  Thanks, Mike 
 Will you please send me a complete list of all of our west schedulers and their pipe responsibilities?  I want to set up a mentor program with the traders.  Talk about it later.  Thanks, Mike 
 Good stuff.  Get me on the distribution list.  Mike 
 Janie Tholt called Dynegy because of the .12 cent spread between SJ EOL and SJ ICE.  The Trader at Dynegy said that they were busy training two schedulers to trade cash, and that arbing the market was not the message they wanted to send to them.  They would like to focus on the "Big Picture" instead.  We tried.  Grigsby 
 Please review.  I will talk to her today.   Thanks, Mike 
 We need to protect the flows to Citizens on TW.  I know you guys have been working on this, but Citizens continues to receive cuts.  Please secure the supply off of TW.  Let Sempra know that IB Link gas will not do.  Thanks, Mike 
 Let's get together after lunch tomorrow to discuss how to handle the books next month.  Cash and transfers from me to you.  Mike 
 Zac is a new analyst on our desk.  Could you grant him website access?  He sent in an erequest for access.  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks for the summary. 
 Frank Ermis -  Jay Reitmeyer - Eastern Rockies lead.  Matt Smith - Trading Track, west fundies, Socal cash trading, scheduling, and risk.  Jason Wolfe - Trading Track, west fundies, NoCal cash trading, scheduling, and risk.  Susan Scott - Rockies scheduling, cash trading, and risk experience.  Keith Holst - West Fundies lead.  Tori Kuykendall - Southwest knowledge, cash trading, scheduler, fundies, basis.   This list represents critical people to continue making markets, fundies analysis, and trading.  Grigsby 
 Sounds good.  My number is 713-853-7031.  I will call you. 
 Is Daniel Lisk not participating? 
 I just spoke to Elizabeth.  I told her that we would move her out of Trading Track and in to the Analyst pool.  I also told her about setting a performance plan going forward and that you would be contacting her.  She knows that she will be working as an Analyst for the west.  I will complete the plan and forward to you.  Mike 
 Dear West,  We talked briefly on Monday about our commitment to a full work day at Enron.  If you are in the office, then please be prepared to contribute t