nt to the Gypsy.  I came home rather early since I wasn't drinking and didn't want to stay in the smokey Gypsy when i was sick.  Then on Saturday Valarie, Boyd and I drove down to the Beavers game. We had the best time.  We went to the peacock first and the  tailgated before the game.  Burnsy, Sul, Shef, Chris and Jimmy were so retarded by gametime.  I felt like a big babysitter being the only sober one.  The game was awesome and everyone but me valarie and boyd stayed down in Corvallis.  Sunday I was still feeling sick but went to breakfast and shopping with Cheryl and then we justed vegged at her house, watched some football, then went to the movies.  For being sick and not touching a drop of alcohol all weekend I remarkebly had a great time.  I still don't feel very well and had to go to the doctor yesterday becuase I started having some bad asthma.  T  Everything else is going okay I guess.  I have my final interview for that position I want on Thursday and then on Friday I leave for LA .  So anyway, hope your week is going a little better than your weekend went. Doesn't sound like you had much fun.  Were you and Dave in a fight because he flaked on you or was it something else? 
 Hey.  Just thought I would drop you a line and see how your weekend was? 
 Carla, this doesn't make much sense to me that we would both randomly add a sunday to block forward deals.  I looked both of them up and it appears that they were both index forward transactions and both were entered on the smae day.  Therefore it would appear that there may have been a problem with the masks? 
 This week I am picking San Diego to lose to the Rams. 
 uh.. how do I get a hold of you these days? 
 It is jfbosu@yahoo.com  What are you doing this weekend.  Are you going to the U of O vs UW game? That should be a really good game.  Did I tell you I saw Carter last weekend? 
 Do you want me to have him call you even if I don't go out with them? 
 I don't even know Dave so I wouldn't judge him.  I just worry about you being with someone that has a bad temper like that.  You know eventually that temper might be aimed at you.  I know you can take care of yourself and I am sure he is a great guy and wouldn't do anything to hurt you but that doesn't mean I can't worry about ya.  :)   So I didn't go anywhere last night.  I am feeling pretty sick and Burnsy's flight got cancelled so he didn't get in until about 12 last night.  I haven't talked to him yet today and last time I talked to him i told him I had plans tonight which have been changed.  I would like to go out with him but I don't really feel like drinking and I am really trying to cut back on it.  This thing with my dad has really scared me about drinking and bieng more healthy.  I am not pretending that I am going to stop drinking I just think it would be a great idea for me to cut back on it.  There is no need for me to get as drunk as I did last weekend.  Boy is that a great story! If I do go out with Burns tonight should I call you? 
 Probably not, my sister is in town. 
 didnt you get this email? 
 what are you talking about? 
 Actually that doesnt sound very funny to me.  I mean what the fuck did he do that for? What was he so mad about? I can imagine that you would be scared seeing him act like that.  Hopefully he doesn't ever act like that or show that kind of temper around you.  Anyway its really none of my business i guess.  I appreciate the sentiment about my family and I will mention it to my mother.  I hope you feel better. 
 OH MY GOD!  I WAS WITH SOME GIRL!?!?!???! WHAT A DICK I AM TO GET OVER YOU SO FAST!" That is pretty funny.   You know what is funny about that is that I was pretty sure she would call and tell you that.  What a dork! You know what, I am starting to get sick too and it sucks because Burnsy is coming into town this weekend.   Anyway hopefully I will get better. Well, my good streak came to an end after a whopping one week when I found out that my grandma is in a comma and will only live another day or two and my dad is in the hospital again with a blod clot in his heart and will be there a week and maybe longer..  It is really hard to be sitting up here and not be with my family right now but I think and hope they understand. And I will be going down there next weekend to visit and apparently for my grandmothers funeral.  My mom is not doing well at all and I really wish I could be there for her.  She doesn't deal with loss very well. On a positive note it looks like i will probably start trading real time energy in the next few weeks. I am moving to that department and I am sooooo excited about it.  The only thing that sucks is that it is a lot like fire fighter hours in that you have to work night shifts.  It works three days on then three days off, three nights on three days off and then once a month you get six days in a row off.  So in a month you get a ton more days off but, you have to work some nights and some weekends which sucks.  That part will be sweet but I am not too excited about working the 6pm to 6am shift.  But it also entails a raise of $4500 due to the hours so all in all it should be a positive move.  Anyway how is everything with you? 
 I am probably not going to make it.  A) I am feeling sick.  B) Burns is in town and if I am feeling better I wanted to hang out with him. 
 Im bored 
 I am not sure yet. I will email you tommorow morning and let you know. 
 Sounds good man.  Call me Saturday in the morning on my cell.  702-0463 
 Whats your plan man.  I know a few of us are going down early and drinking some beers at the peacock 
 Yeah 
 Damn!  And to think I wont be getting all those visits from Virgina all the time now! 
 John, I wanted to thank you for taking the time to discuss with me the opportunity available in the Real Time Group.  Based on our discussion and after further consideration I feel that it would be an excellent fit for both the Real Time Group and myself. With my prior and current work experience and knowledge of the enpower system,    I am confident that I will be a valuable asset to your team.  I look forward to the opportunity and eagerly await your positive response.  Please feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns you may have.  Once again thank you for the opportunity. 
 Just a quick note to thank all of you for allowing me the opportunity to interview for the Market Research  position in the Middle Marketing Group. After interviewing for the position I still remain very interested in the possibility of becoming a valuable asset to your team.   Once again thank you for the opportunity. 
 Check out the attatchments at the bottom of this. 
 Thanks,  me and three guys in trading were laughing so hard that we were nearly crying. 
 Thanks that was awfully sweet of you. 
 I am like totally over being wierd about you talking about Dave and have been for a while but, I think I know what you mean 
 Well, I hope it works out for you! 
 What happened? 
 Well, honestly I was expecting some kind of smart ass comment!  :)   How is everything going with you.  Are Dave and you still good? 
 Bill, if you have not filled the slots for this course I would really love to attend it.  Let me know 
 Well actually no but I have been hanging out a lot with someone that I really really like a lot.  And well, I haven't neccisarily been going without just not in the past few weeks. 
 Just little things like I should be resolving my job situation by the end of next week and some other little stuff that has made me happy and a little more confident about stuff.  Nothing too major. After how things went the last few months it doesn't take much! 
 Mine doesnt suck either.  I have actually had some good stuff happen to me lately! 
 Yeah yeah yeah.  My life sucks too! 
 Thanks for the movie advice.  I am glad that you went out with Kathy and Charlene.  I think it is good for you guys to keep in touch.  I know people move on with their lives and grow out of touch but it seems like you guys have been friends for so long that it would be a shame for you to not keep in touch with each other.  Sorry we got in a fight yesterday. :( 
 I will make sure these are input today.  Thanks for your assistance with this matter. 
 yep already been changed.  Thanks 
 Hartman.  It is possible that I may not be able to make the game tonight.  I am probably going to have to work late to help out on a project.  I will let you know if I can make it but at this point I would assume that I won't be there tonight.  sorry man. 
 I so do not want to be here today that i can hardly contain myself.  I think I am going to surf the internet for business opportunities in the Carribean. I saw one of those damn Corona commercials on the big screen.  Oh to be sitting  on the beach and sipping Coronas right now! HELP! 
 Yeah she is a freak. She totally acted like I was her best friend or something!  give me a break if I wasn't with someone I would have totally went off on her.  I actually didn't watch the game as i was at the OSU game. We went to the peacock and drank some beers with Carter (who owns it now)  We partied most of the morning and then went to the game.  Then a bunch of us went down to Eugene and partied and i stayed the night at Wilson and Cindys. Deidre and Stephan were there too.  It was really fun.  Sunday sucked cause i was really hung over and had to be up to portland by noon to play golf with kim but a few beers on the course and I felt great.  Speaking of you picking up on chicks Amanda told me a pretty interesting story last week of you trying to pick up on her a couple of times.  So lets see, do I have any friends (male or female) that you didn't try to pick up on while we were dating! :)    Frankly I was very  embarassed when she told me. VERY NICE Katie!   Good thing Dave is a good sport.  I did see the articles about capital consultants.  Grayson  is lucky he isn't wearing a set of cement sneakers on the bottom of the Willamete for screwing around with union money like that!  That is too bad you dont hang out with your friends anymore.  How come you havent kept in touch?  Why dont you call them. 
 do you need me to bring anything? 
 Grace, thanks for the invite and i would love to come however, I am going to be in LA to visit my family 
 So, I saw Kristen last night.  I was on my way to dinner with my friend Kim and Kristen was sitting outside at the 21st ave Bar and Grill.  She acted like I was her long lost friend and then proceeded to ask about the night in Long Beach.  She said hey, I have no hard feelings over what happended to which I didn't respond and then she said "what happened that night?"  "All i really remember was Katie throwing a chair at me"  I said " I don't want to talk about it Kristen"  and we walked off.  My friend Kim thought I was being very rude.   She asked me why I was so rude to someone that appeared to be so nice.  So I had to tell the whole story over dinner.  I was once again completely shocked.  All I could do was laugh. 
 Jubran, I need to know what dates these deals were done. Your spreadsheet does not say and scheduling wants to know what date to backdate it to.  They have also said that they would like to see the deal ticket as I had asked before however, am I correct in assuming that since these deals had to do with the purchase of PG&E  that you might not have a deal ticket on your end?  I already had the spreadsheet, however, they were asking for additional information and since Diana was out I got kind of thrown in the middle of this one.  Thank you for your help.  Have a great weekend. 
 You are correct and it has been changed. Thank you. 
 Call Bob Badeer at 503-464-3926 and he can assist you.  Thank you and have a great weekend! 
 yeah let me get back to you on where we will meet. 
 I was planning on going down relatively early on Saturday morning with Sul and Sheffler.  I would like to leave around 9:00 and go down and have breakfast and a few beers at the peacock as a good friend of mine owns it now and I would like to see him and what he has done to the place.  You are more than welcome to come with us if you like. 
 Yeah I will play.  Who else is playing? 
 I am totally down whenever you need people just let me know.  I don't know where the fuck that is though. 
 I would be interested depneding on day and time.  Whats the dealio? 
 My week four pick is cincinatti 
 Thanks for the pic.  Looks like the waves were good.  Check out this site. Go into the live cams and you can see surf spots all over the world in Real time.  When i miss home I click on the Huntinton Beach live cam.  Have a great day! http://www.swell.com/sw/surflinehome 
 Deal has been corrected to reflect CAISO energy 
 We have not heard back from Carla about her jury duty and whether it will continue through tommorow.  Therefore could you inform your group to continue sending the deal correction e mails to me until further notice.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I have been asked by risk management to figure out if these deals have been input.  Could you please send me the deal tickets on the following sleeves and make sure they show the date of the transaction: EES Deal tracker #'s  4691   and 4709 Please fax to 503-464-3740. Thanks for your help 
 This is input and the transaction number is 418413  Sean forgot to put the broker in 
 This is a good deal based on what I have discussed with the trader and based on the EES ticket so I will go ahead and input and then backdate the transaction 
 You are correct it is being changed m-s on peak 
 here you go 
 Thank you. 
 deal has been changed 
 sounds good.  Have a great weekend.  GO BRUINS! 
 You wernt to rowdy at all.  In fact i like rowdy people anyway.   As far as my St paddys it was pretty sweet however, I was totally out of control.  some friends of mine came in from Seattle and we started partying at 10am and stayed out until 3am.  Anyway gotta run I am super busy 
 Yeah we will have to do it again.  You have a great weekend too! 
 trader wrote deal down wrong in log.  delivery point is mid c I will change in a few minutes. 
 I just checke dwith the broker and the trader and the trade date on this deal should be the 19th as input in enpower 
 I am doing pretty good.  I have been really busy lately.  And the work situation should be resolved sometime next week as I am interviewing for two other internal positions on the trading desk.  Family is okay I guess. Dad is not doing well at all and was almost checked into the hospital yesterday. Angela is really really worried about him and we talk just about everyday.  I am in the process of getting the documents for power of attorney in case anything happens to him and he is incapacitated or something.  I had a very interesting weekend last weekend.  Just a whole bunch of crazy shit happened.  It was all fun stuff though.  How about you? 
 according to mike this is a q1-01 deal I will double check with the broker and get back to you 
 Okay, did you email Katie and tell her we hung out last night because remarkably she emailed me this morning asking me how I was doing and how my family is.  It just seemed to coincidental.  I dont care if you did I was just curious. 
 Its no big deal.  I just had really bad asthma when I went down to wilsons house and he had that dog and ended up sleeping in my car which kind of sucked.  If they are going to be outside or in the garage I may still come down Friday night or just come down Saturday and stay the night saturday night down there with you guys.  I will let you all know tonight 
 Okay, I will probably just go down on Saturday then since I am allergic to the dogs and I have to be back early Sunday for a golf game. 
 hey Char,  Just wanted to write and let you know that i had a great time hanging out with you last night.  I hope you know that I have always considered you one of MY friends too and I was very stoked that you seem to feel the same way.  Anyway have a great weekend and make sure to keep in touch.  And anytime you are game to grab a beer or you are hanging out in my part of town please give me a call.  Keep in touch sweetie! 
 Are you guys going to the Beaver game this weekend and if so Wilson had mentioned that you guys were going down to his house on friday night.  Is this correct?  If so I would love to head down there with you guys on Friday but if not I will probably just stay in Portland and go to Corvallis on Saturday morning.  Let me know. 
 You weren't totally out of control or anything.  Just having a good time!  I am usually the out of control one so I tend to give people a bit more slack because I don't want to get hassled to bad at a later date.  How was your St Pattys Day? 
 yeah I found out later in the week that you guys were gone.  Sounds like you had a great time!   I love Italy.  that place is so awesome.  I was over there about the same time of year in 93 and it was great because there was less tourists and it was a little cheaper but the weather was still pretty good.  You will have to tell me about it next time I see you.  So I am going down to the Beaver game on Saturday but i might go down to Eugene and hang out with Wilson tommorow night.  I will probably decide tonight but if I don't I would be into grabbing a few beers with you tommorow night after work. 
 Oh and the deal number for the second Mike S aquilla deal is 418401 
 Okay: 1. Mike Swerzbin buys Oct Cob from avista 75MW @ 117 .  deal number 415935 deal date was 9/19 2. Tom A buy 25MW 9/21 PV @ 185.  Broker was not input on this transaction deal number is 416664 3.Mike S sell Meico 50 MW q1-01 mid c (not q4-00) at $65.  Deal number is 418484 Thank you. 
 Apparently he did.  I will input the second deal now. 
 503-464-3740 
 These deals have been changed to CAISO 
 Kimberly Mike believes this is a good deal however could we see the documentation that EES has to confirm this transaction. 
 I dont know. We could go out in Northwest over by my house.  There are a ton of places over there like the Green Room, The Gypsy, Brazen Bean, 21st Ave Bar and Grill.  I don't realy know any places over by your house.  For me sometime around 8:00 would be good but really I am pretty easy as to where. Why don't you call me around 6pm on my cell at 702-0463 or at home 228-7767 and we can figure it out. Unless you had any ideas? 
 Dude I totally want to go however, I have tentatively made plans with my friend Charlene.  I am supposed to call her tonight so I will let you know but if we aren't doing anything I definetly want to go. 
 so whats the dealio?  Wednesday or no? 
 It is 7 bucks, I am going around 6pm and I think they are playing in the tent area. 
 Deal has been changed to reflect this.  Thank you 
 These deals are good Deal numbers 415218 for pget and 415219 for AEP  Thanks! 
 Richter transaction is input.  Deal number is 415211  Motley transactions are input.  Deal numbers are 415194 and 495195  Swerzbin transaction  should be buy October cob 25MW @ 122 input deal number 415212 and Sell October Mid-C 25 MW at 121.25 deal number 415213  Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
 Bob Badeer is the trader on this transaction and he is in a meeting, should be out shortly to enter in system.  He did not log out of his blotter prior to leaving and it appears he has several trades un-input. 
 Evelyn and Kim  Carla Hoffman is out of the office today.  If you could please let your group know to send all deal correction emails to me today it would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you for attention to this matter. 
 The deal 411762 has been changed. Thank you 
 The index forward is supposed to show no price so that is correct however the swap should be chaqnged to 25MW at $130 
 Uh...... That is REALLY FREAKING ME OUT now Forney! 
 Uh I fucked up and sent this to myself instead of you. 
 Yeah dude I bet you got a lot of operational management and statistical business analysis as well as spreadsheet work with that Poli Sci degree.  At least the group projects will enable you to meet some people.  Are you still thinking about getting a job tending bar or something or do you think you won't have enough time?  good to hear you are coming up in a few weeks.  I would definetly like to go out with you guys on Thursday night. That Friday night i already have plans but maybe we can go play some golf on Friday afternoon.  I played in a tournament with some people at work out at the Reserve last week.  Boy is that a great course.  Our tee time was at 7:30 and we had all been out partying until 2am the night before.  So needless to say we weren't feeling so great come tee time. However the beers were free for the tournament and come about 7:45 we were drinking again and feeling a little better.  We all played really well and got fourth plance out of 42 teams.  We won these sweater vests, a sand wedge, and a Nike bag.  There was a free bar-b-que afterward with more free beer.  So by about 2pm we were all totally schmatered.  It was a good time and I was playing with the guy that i want to work for in Real Time Trading.  He and I are going to lunch next week to discuss but he mentioned to me during golf that he wants me to work for him which would be a great opportunity so things are going a little better at work.  Anwyay let me know what your plans are for the week you come.  I will catch you later man. 
 got it thanks.  Hey I am going to paddys afterwork with some people.  Linda hornbuckle is playing there in the tent area.  Are you game? 
 My pick for week three is San Fransisco 
 What up foolio?  Just thought I would drop you a line and see how things are going in the city by the bay.  Got your address from Sul at Monday nights softball game.  Which we won.  We haven't lost in this section of the fall league and are playing really good ball.  Maybe it is our upgrade at first base.  So I am still not sure if I will be able to come down for the Cal game or not. Right now I am kind of broke from all the flights to LA.  I went and had a few beers with Cheryl last night.  She called me up about 8:00 and I was bored so I decided to go with her.  She got so fucking ass faced.  Man that chick is a train wreck sometimes.  So how is school?  What kind of classes are you taking right now?   You aren't going to convert into being a Giants fan while you are down there are you?  Anyway drop me a line when you get a chance and let me know how everything is going.  Oh by the way:  Beavs update "  We Suck!" 
 Hello,  I am a coworker of Jeff Richters and i entered the pool last week. Please add my pick of Kansas City to the list for the week.  Thank you. 
 no 
 I never got the second set could you send it again. 
 Drink beer!  Down here 
 Hey what are you doing after work? 
 I will be down there earlier than that so just give me a call on my cell when you are coming down.  You might spend a lot of time in line if you go down that late dude. 
 Thank you for your sarcasm in this matter. 
 Hey I only got one of my pages.  i had two 
 You da man! 
 Hey could you do me a favor and fax me my brackets.  i dont really remember all of my picks.  my fax number is 503-464-3740.  email me when you send it. Thanks dude. 
 sounds good.  Do you have my cell phone number? 
 Rick, what are you doing for tommorow.  I would love to go out early before it gets to crowded and then maybe go somewhere a little more mellow later in the afternoon/evening.  Also, are you guys doing anything this evening? Let me know. 
 Arizona over Michigan State, and Stanford Over duke 
 Becky at APS turned down a tag for me last night for HE 4MST that we have been using for several weeks without a problem.  The tag number is 18594. Tis was a sale from EPE to PNM at 4C.  She turned it down saying that EPE is not a control area at 4C and that PNM should be in the CA for the first line.  I argued with her about it for quite a while but she insisted that it was wrong.  Could you please take a look at this and tell me if she is wrong. Thank you. 
 Sounds good man, I talked to Wilson a few hours ago and he is going to try and come up too.  Check ya later. 
 right on,  I work during the day on Friday.  Is Dahl going with you to the rehersal dinner and all that?  If not I am sure i will be grabbing some brews with people after work on friday and you guys are more than welcome to come. Either way lets hang out aftter you are done with all your stuff.  Give me a call on my cell or I will get a hold of you. 
 Bill, FYI.  You have both David Porter and me working on that day shift. Either we need to let the night shift know that they need to come in an hour and a half early, put someone else on that day shift, or change the itenerary.  Let me know when you have this resolved.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Hey kiddo, I just got this mail from you  and apparently never recieved the original.  I assume you are having a party.  When?  How have you been? Congratulations on the new house by the way!  Anyway, let me know when you party is and i will try to be there.  Take care! 
 I dont have an AMEX card 
 Portland actually becomes a happening town for one day a year and that day is St Patricks Day.  There are several pretty cool places that we can go downtown that will be having pretty decent sized parties.   What is your schedule for the weekend?  I have Thursday off, work Friday, Have Saturday off and work Sunday, howe-ver, I think I have someone to work for me on Sunday.  Anyway, let me know your plans, here is my phone number in case Dahl doesn't have it.  Home  503-228-7767   Cell 503-702-0463.  Lets grab some green beers! 
 Chris I have thursday off so give me a call and I will go with you  home: 228-7767, cell 702-0463.  I will also be able to give you the cashish 
 Bill, over the past few weeks we have had quite a few occasions that El Paso has had problems checking out with other control areas due to them providing transmission for other counter parties.  Last night and on several other nights the generation guys at El Paso have been netting out generation schedules with transmission schedules.  On several occasions,including last night,  myself or other members of team have identified this problem for them and have told them not too net the schedules.  However, last night, and on other nights,  for several hours we were 15MW off because they netted a schedule.  Bert, I and other group members have tried to assist them with this issue however, it is becoming a consistent problem and i feel that someone may want to mention it to Roger, Steve, or Tony.   I have tried to address this with generation myself on several occassions however, the problem has become reoccuring.n  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I am pretty busy this week.  I will email you some time next week or something when I have time. 
 Per our conversation here are the deal numbers that I have used for the cuts HE 5 and HE 6 PST on 3/5/01  APS Deal    ( HE 5= 47 MW;  HE 6 =17MW) 537378, 536506. 537386, 502200, 537458  Constellation Deal (HE 5=47 MW:    HE 6=17 MW)  451977, 296959 ,536684, 537492, 537490, 537488  If you have any further question please feel free to contact me.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 FYI.  Bill has made a new schedule for the month of March.  Please take a look. 
 Hey, since I hear you are doing the schedule now after all could you please remember to have me not working March 31st thru the 3rd.  Also since the schedule is totally going to change, if i work the 30th of March could you put me on the day shift instead of night.  I had negotiated some changes so that would work however, since it is going to change anyway please put me on a day shift if possible as I already bought a ticket to leave on the evening of the 30th.  Thanks. 
 I am on cell phone number 503-702-0463. 
 At approximately 6:30 pm on 4/25 Ruth Ashe with PGE notified Enron that there will be a voice mail outage starting the evening of 4/25 and running thru 2pm on 4/26.  If you have any questions or concerns please contact her at 503-464-8663 or 503-323-1254.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Jesse, or Bill. The El Paso model was completely messed up for the entire day when I came in this evening.  I had to change several areas on the second page due to formula errors in mapping the deals over.  I am pretty sure it is correct now however, I would appreciate it if you could double check it for me.  I haven't sent it to El Paso yet as I had to change so many things I wanted a "second set of eyes"  Thanks man.  If maybe you guys could send out an email regarding mapping deals over correctly it would be greatly appreciated as it seems that there are errors on a daily basis 
 Jesse, per my email to Bill last week I need to take March 31st thru April 3 off to take care of some family business down in LA.  I have already purchased my ticket leaving on the evening of the 30th so, if you are planning on scheduling me for the 30th please make it a day shift.  Thanks a lot. 
 Click on the tab for the 28th 
 Bill,  I have some family business that I need to attend to in April.  I therefore need, March 31st thru April 3rd off from work.  It is only four days so I assume it will not be a problem.  I already have March 31st off so if you could just make sure that I have April 1st  thru 3rd off also it would be greatly appreciated.  I am going to book my ticket tommorow evening to take advantage of a good fare so please let me know if there is a problem by then.  Thanks. 
 Hey Dave,  that sounds good to me.  I will see what days I have off of work and get back to you tommorow night but I was planning on coming down for it all along.  Like i said i well let you know tommorow. Hope all is well. 
 Hey chica que pasa?  I am bored and its 2 in the freaking morning and I am sick and this really sucks.  Anyway this wasn't a mail to complain.   I wanted to know if you were still having your party on Saturday,  if I was still invited, if I could bring anything, and how to get to your house.  Well hope your day goes well.  One more night shift to go and then 5 days off for me! 
 Whats up dude?  Sorry I didnt respond to your previous email, I was really busy at work that day and didnt have the time to mail you back.  I am doing okay,  the job is going really good.  Whats up with you.  Things must not be going too well if you have to live with that asshole McGraw huh?  Tell him I said that too.  Anyway, lets grab a beer sometime in the near future.  Do you have a job or a you just lounging around the house all day spanking your monkey? 
 I just came in for a little bit to get my bonus check and to check my email and a couple of other things.  I do have your goggles however i don't thin that i have your ski pants.  You asked me about this last spring but, I couldn't find the pants then either. 
 Not much here I have to work Saturday and Sunday dayshifts, which kind of sucks however, I am usually ok to go out until like 10-11 on nights like that as Saturdays are not too busy.  Is Bailey 3 now? 
 Just bored and writting to say hi.  What do you have going on this weekend? 
 I think the only one I won't be able to make will be the one on the 15th.  I work a night shift that night. 
 I don't think threats of violence are appropriate in the workplace. I am considering filing a complaint. 
 I don't know.  If you are talking about your TV, I won't have a chance to take care of that until next week.  If you are talking about hanging out then I have plans with my friend Kate tonight but none for the weekend 
 Not the you part the Christa part. 
 I have that affect on women 
 Yo whats up with you being so talkative toward me last night? 
 That appears to be so! 
 Didn't your mother teach you that it was rude to not answer someones questions? 
 Personally I don't mind being grabbed unsuspectingly however, I will keep that in mind next time 
 Wanna grab a beer after work? 
 I am totally joking dude!  I appreciate your advice. The major thing is that if I am spending most of my free time down there anyway, I might as well just move there 
 Yes we are 
 I don't even want to go close to what that dream is supposed to me.  You looked pretty good in it though! :)  Anyway whats the story one minute you tell me its a good idea for me to move the next you say I should stay!  Good thing I don't listen to your advice. 
 I forgot to tell you this.  I had a dream a few weeks ago that you called me and said you and Dave were getting married.  Anyway, I was congratulating you and you said that to raise money for the wedding you were going to strip for a couple months and that I should bring my friends down so you would make some extra cash.  So I did and went down there to help you out but got so wierded out by the whole thing that I left.  I don't know why i just remembered that but I thought you would think it was funny. 
 So what the hell is Kims problem.  You have been telling her for months that you were going to move out.  What a bitch.  Regarding the Nicole thing it really isn't that big of a deal anyway.  When I am down there we go out but it's not like we are together or anything.  I wouldn't let them hassle me affect whether I would date her or not but sometimes I just get a little sick of hearing about it all the time.  Nicole is awesome and I like dating her while I am down there.  It is just a wierd situation.   About the moving to LA thing it really is a job issue at this point.  It will be hard to find a job as good as the one that I currently have and that is going to be the real issue. 
 Angela was pissed at a lot of things.  She was mad that we didn't invite her because it was guys weekend but then we ended up hanging out with Jessica and her friends.  The stupid thing was that she yelled at me!   She was really mad that I was hanging out with this Alisha girl most of the weekend.  I dont get it.  I got soo mad at her.  I went off on her about how everytime I hang out with any chicks she gets pissed and it is none of her fucking business what I do.  She said she was mad because I hung out with chicks in Vegas with Jay.  The stupid thing is that Jay didn't even dance with any chicks or anything.  He was on way good behavior.  I completely melted down on her and I told her she needed to go get counseling. The love life is off and on right now. I have been seeing Nicole when I go down to LA however, I think between all the shit her and I get from Jay, my sister, and Chrissy, it really isnt worth the hassle and has kind of made it a little uncomfortable.  I did meet that Alisha girl and hooked up with her a little this weekend.  She is really cool and she is totally someone I would date, if I lived in LA.  We really clicked.  I am going down there next weekend so maybe I will hang out with her instead of Nicole.  I don't know. The Nicole thing with my sister and Jay and Chrissy really pissed me off bad. As far as girls up here my love life is pretty non existant.  There is this girl from work that I really like and we hang out a lot but nothing much has really happened yet.  I am really never here very much anymore.  Anytime I have breaks from work I have been going to LA.  I have been sending some resumes around down there and I am pretty seriously considering moving back. I am just kind of bored with Portland and there really isn't a lot for me here.  You never really talked about whats going on with you these days? 
 hey you.! yeah, sorry about the late night call.  Jay, TJ, Scott, Chrissy, and Nicole and I were out pretty late that night and then came back to my house for a hot tub. We got really drunk becuase earlier in the night Scott got his Porsche impounded for basically no reason and we were bummed becasue we were on our way to this really cool club.  Well anyway, Jay was asking me how you were doing and I was drunk so I gave you a call.  Vegas was absolutely out of control!  We all decided on the way home that it was by far the craziest Vegas weekend any of us had ever been on.  It ended up being me, Jay, TJ, and Brendan.  Jimmy and Kato didn't come.  Anyway, TJ's girlfriend Jessica and some of her friends came out on Saturday.  We all went out to a nice dinner then gambled for a while and then went to some dance club where we proceeded to get in two fights because some dudes were hitting on Jessica.  We got kicked out of the club at the Luxor.   TJ got hit pretty bad and ended up with a black eye, Jay got his tooth chiped and I got sucker punched on the side of my head by some guy that was smaller than Jay.  And that was the mellow part of the evening.! It got even crazier after that as TJ, Jessica , Alisha, and I ended up staying up until 6am.  Then we went and hung out in their room at the Luxor for a couple hours. then went back downstairs and started partying again!  Meanwhile we couldn't find Jay and Brendan anywhere and we were really worried that they might be in Jail. Finally they called us at around 8am from some strip club. Anyway,  I have a ton more stories but this mail is getting too long.  How has everything been with you? Fill me in.  Oh,  I was going to buy a new TV anyway, so I was thinking why, don't we just trade our TV's back and you can use the $$$ to buy yourself a VCR or something. 
 Chris, you can count me in however, with my wierd work hours I am sure there will be games that i wont be able to make.  But  count me in and let me know when you need the money. 
 attatched is the spreadsheet with all of this months pre schedules.  Please send to all the guys.  Thanks 
 Attatched is this months pre-schedules.  Please distribute to all the guys. 
 Hey Katie, I am just getting off work here in a few minutes and thought i would drop you a line.  I am doing good.  I am sorry I missed your call on Saturday night.  I was at home and in bed by 9:30.  I went out until 3 am on Friday night and then Rick and I went skiing on Saturday morning and left at 6:30 am.   We were skiing until 7pm up at Meadows so by the time I got home I just went straight to bed I was soooo exhausted.  Skiing was awesome however, and I did really well as I went and had my skis tuned.  What a difference that made.  While I was waiting for them to be tuned I ended up buying new skis, boots and poles.  I can't wait to try them out!  Anyway, things are going good for me.  I am a little depressed however as today is my Dads birthday. Also Cita is back in the hospital again.  She had another heart failure.  She is doing better though.   I am leaving tommorow morning to spend the rest of the week with my sister/visit Cita and then I am going to Vegas on Saturday with Jay, Jimmy, Caitlin, Nicole and a few other people.  I am excited to go and in a way it is kind of a deal for my dad as he loved to go to Vegas for his birthday and the Super bowl weekend.  Anyway, I better run.  I work tonight so email me back so I have something to read for the night shift.  How is everything with you? 
 I have set up the following BPA account numbers since we have been submitting dec bids at Malin the past few days:  CISO to PUGET  882716 CISO to WWP       681713 CISO to SCL         882790 CISO to Tacoma 882791  I realize these counterparties can pick up at malin however, I thought it would be useful to have these accounts set up in case they are unable or unwilling to pick up at Malin. Also I have added an account number for Turlock to SCL.  SCL has been willing to do Buy/Resales from their system to Malin recently and this should be useful given that Snohomish has recently been unwilling to do so.  TURLOCK to SCL  790612  These numbers have all been added to the RT BPA Account #'s spreadsheet in P:/realtime.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Jesse, this has been done.  I called APS to confirm that they show this however they said they were to busy and they would call me back.  As of this email they have not yet called me back.  They seemed a  little perturbed that I was calling about 1 MW. 
 Hey Dave.  Hope your weekend went well with the girls.  I got a call from my mom tonight that Cita was in the Hospital again.  According to my mom she is doing okay now.  I called Cita on Friday and she said she just felt like she was getting a cold but apparently she went in for the heart failure thing again?  Is that correct.?  Anyway,  I am working the night shift tonight so I will give her a call tommorow afternoon after I wake up.   I called and left you a message letting you know that i am probably not going to Vegas. Everyone kind of flaked out.  So, I will be around the weekend of the Super Bowl and was wondering what you guys might be doing for it.  Also I was going to see if you and Karen would maybe be interested in going up to Big Bear to go skiing for the day on Friday or Saturday.  I thought it might be fun.  I have an extra set of ski's that I was thinking about bringing and leaving down there anyway so I could go without having to hassle with Rentals.  So, let me know if you have any interest in doing that and if you have anything going for the Super Bowl.  Tell Cita I love her and tell Bob to get in shape!  See ya soon! 
 Tate, go to the tab on this spredsheet for 1/22 and print.  Give me a call afterward. 
 Hey there Kim! Sorry this response is so late!  I read your email on a night when I was really busy and then just kind of spaced out in replying back.  So I got your pictures and the card.  Thanks a bunch!  My Christmas went pretty well and I actually got to go out on New years eve as my schedule changed at the last minute.  I went to the Hilton with my friend Valarie and it was pretty cool.  I had a great time and ended up partying in a suite with these girls that I met there until about 5 am.  I talked to Burns a few days ago and I guess he is still seeing that chick.  I didn't ask about the living situation but I would imagine it would take some time to find a place down there.  So anyway how was your New Year.?  How did everything go with Ricky? I would be stoked if you came up for a long weekend or something!  Anyway I gotta run.  Talk to you later! 
 No i guess not I was just giving you some shit and you didn't respond. Usually you respond when I give you shit 
 Herro? 
 So, how are you feeling today?  It was ROUGH waking up at 5am this morning! 
 can i read this at work dude? 
 REAALLY?? I see how it is.  Smell a free dinner and all of a sudden ya wanna hang out 
