 Should we try Akin Gump?  What is your recommendation off the list?  Mark 
 Thanks, I will have my assistant call to set a date and time.  Mark 
 John:  Should we get you, Scott and me (and Teresa Bushman) together to flesh out the deal further for the term sheet?  Teresa and I have worked on a term sheet but it is pretty bare bones so far?  Mark 
 Louise:  I talked to Jim and we have worked through a revised strategy as we talked about yesterday.  So no call from Jim.  Mark 
 Dear John:  I am proud of MSU and would like to help.  I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to talk through your questions over the next week.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 I would love to, but I cannot.  Thanks for the offer.  You should be getting a call today from one of our lawyers re a potential deal.  Take care.  Mark 
 I am doing well!  I look forward to catching up.  I do plan to play golf so it would be great to play together.  Regards,  Mark 
 Very impressive.  Mark 
 Thanks for the offer, but otherwise occupied.  Regards,  Mark 
 John:  There is a conflict of interest in Thompson having all the info and selling to a group formed by him and other employees.  We need to talk this through.  Maybe, he should take a leave of absence.  Should Jesus negotiate the deal for ENA?  Selling to employees is sensitive now.  Mark 
 Jim:  I want to put Aronowitz for ENA as well as EGM.  He will get an assist from Sager but he will lead.  Mark 
 Who rejected your plan?  The view I heard is that the proposal was too rich.  Are you looking for a counterproposal?  Mark 
 Jim:  The last sentence was changed to "we expect you to perform".   Mark 
 Thanks for the offer.  I cannot use them either.  Mark 
 I don't know of any now.  Mark 
 It can wait his return.  Please ask him if he is available to speak on Dec 4 at the conference.  Mark 
 morale, deal flow, how the open plan is working 
 There are some more developments re Bob that we should talk about.  Mark 
 Mark, Justin, Paul: Do you have any comments on the agenda?  Let me know and I will forward them on.  Mark 
 It looks like a great program.  Mark 
 Look forward to the discussion.  Mark 
 Liz:  Greg is scheduled to speak on Friday, October 12 at 8:30 am for 30-45 minutes.  No slides are necessary.  The lawyers will be interested in where Greg sees the growth in the company and where the business is strong.  There will be Q&A and I think he will get some good questions.  Some possible questions:  What does Greg expect from the legal department?  How will the attacks impact on our business?  What will be his focus in his new job?  It should be a very friendly crowd -- since Greg knows most of the lawyers and they know him.  I miss you too!  Mark Haedicke 
 I am disappointed on the timing but I understand.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Thanks for inviting me.  I unfortunately will not be able to attend.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Did we talk about the cap on breakage fee? Mark Haedicke 
 Where did we come out on a cap on breakage fee? Mark Haedicke 
  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks Derek.  Mark 
 Is there anything I need to work on tonight?  What is the schedule tonight?  Mark 
 Please handle.  Mark0  Mark Haedicke 
 We will get you a summary soon.  Mark Mark Haedicke 
 Clem:  Thanks for raising that question because it is very important that we are coordinated.  I have forwarded this question on to Jordan and I think he and I need to work together on this matter.  Perhaps the three of us should get on the telephone to resolve.  Mark 
 Coordination is a major problem at Enron.  You are asking all the right questions.  Mark 
 Sami:  Please set some time on my schedule tomorrow to talk this through.  Mark 
 I think it wii be about 7 or 8?  Dad Mark Haedicke 
 Justin, I do not think I am going to nyc.  Love Dad Mark Haedicke 
 Good luck.  I will email you later.  Dad Mark Haedicke 
 Rosalee:  Mark Taylor and I can get this done through Enron Net Works.  Thanks.   Mark Haedicke 
 I need to talk through our cash position for tomorrow at with our contingency team. I would like to do it today at 4:30 pm central time. Mark Haedicke 
 Congrats!  Thanks for your help.  Mark 
 no problem 
 I am ok so long as the firm would never pursue litigation against Enron -- on that basis I would grant the waiver.  Mark 
 Rob:  Congratulations!  We will need to talk about some additional coordination.  Let me know when is convenient for you.  Mark 
 I will call.  Thanks. M 
 Scott Tholan.  Regards, Mark 
 Not necessary.  Thanks.  Mark 
 That makes sense.  How do we notify our trading counterparties?  Mark 
 Yes.  I was very lucky to get back Saturday!  Mark 
 J:  Please add this to our spiral bound book.  Mark 
 Thanks.  Let's get together after the end of the quarter and discuss.  Mark 
 Looks good  to me.  Mark 
 I am stuck in London.  I will attend either in person or by video from our London office.  Mark Haedicke 
 I am stuck in London -- hope to get out  Sunday.  Nice to hear from you.  Mark 
 J:  Please forward this on to the Enron employees that plan events.  Shira is a family friend and I would recommend her.  Also give me a status report.  Mark 
 That sounds  positive.  Mark 
 Dave, in the Dunn Committee case, we just got a great order in our favor out of the courts.  We need to try to leverage off this order to slow down the AG.  Mark 
 Calpine in ok.  Mark 
 Thanks!  Yes, please keep me off the Section 16 list!   Mark 
 Greg:  It has been 120 days for voice mail that is not deleted.  It should be further reduced to 7 days.  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks for the message.  Mark 
 Sounds like a great result!  Congratulations.  Mark 
 Andy:  Can you look into this while Richard is out of the office. 
 I will be attending.  Mark Haedicke 
 I have asked J to send it out.  Mark 
 J, please get this message ready to send from me to the Specialists.  Mark 
 Peter:  This is a tough battle.  It may be worse because your clients are either th= e same ones or geographically very close.  I would try to address it by poi= nting out the limitations of the simplier forms and as a fallback emphasize= the increased risk (legal and otherwise) when using the shorter forms.  Mark 
 Peter/Chris:  Have we put the updated netting language in the contract?  Would it ever come into play?  Regards,  Mark 
 Thanks Rob.  Mark 
 Mary:  The  company seems to have a bad reputation.  I don't know if Marc Rich owns any portion of it or not because it is private.  I think, the UK started some investigations re Glencore over the past couple of years.  I am not sure we want the company as part of ISDA.  I am sure others will have an opinion on that.  Mark 
 I agree.  Mark 
 Yes.  Thanks!!!    Mark 
 I want to go through a list of each counterparty we think is going to go into bankruptcy and what we are doing to prepare for that.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I am working on it.  Mark 
 Thanks for the kind words.  Mark 
 Yes.  They are fine.  Mark 
 Just do the best you can.  We will probably end up moving it to a different day.  Mark 
 Steve:  Per our conversation, I would like to talk about "Managing Legal Risks".  I think it would follow the RAC presentation.  I want to talk through the system of legal risk memos and legal risk ratings we have used on wholesale deals for two years with great success.  There is a very important risk control aspect to legal that needs to be highlighted.  Let me know if you need more information.  Regards,  Mark 
 Per our conversation yesterday, I propose we send out the following memo:  In order to better coordinate the various west coast power matters, effective immediately, Jim Steffes and Richard Sanders will jointly take the lead role.  Jim and Richard will be responsible for preparing a comphrehensive strategy for all the matters, reviewing the strategy with the California Committee and seeking approval of the California Committee before taking any material action.  Please do all you can to assist Jim and Richard on the west coast power matters.  I would copy only the people working on these matters including Steffes, Sanders, Belden, Mellencamp, Shapiro, Sharp, Williams, Tribolet, Lavorato and Delainey. 
 Thanks, I will send a copy to Alan in EGM.  Mark 
 J 
  J 
 fyi 
 Stacy:  I would like to know who on the committee is willing to spend time and resources on what issues.  I think that is critical.  Thanks.  Mark 
 put on my schedule.  Mark 
 We had a great time and got home without a hitch! Thanks!   Mark 
 John, thanks for the message.  I think, I would like to plan a trip and discuss the issues in person at GE.  Early October would work for me.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Mark and John:  The Wholesale legal conference is coming up soon.  I wanted to get a head count and the names of the attendees from each of you.  For planning purposes, I have assumed 5 lawyers from each of your groups.  Let me know.  Also, are there any European or South American topics you would suggest we cover?  So far, we have Whalley and Frevert signed up to give us a business update.  Regards,  Mark 
 Looks fine to me.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I have a few thoughts on the offsite.  I think we could have a theme of restructuring and change.  We would have to make sure it is forward looking and upbeat in that we have learned a lot that will make us better in the future.  The presentations could include the following:  1.   What we learned in CA -- Sager 2.   Preparing for workouts -- Mellencamp 3.   Lessons learned in international -- Lundstrom 4.   Deregulation of energy markets -- Kean/Shapiro 5.   Managing Legal Risks -- Haedicke 6.   Executives -- Frevert and Whalley 7.   Europe presentation 8.   Retail presentation 
 Richard is looking into whether we can tape in Houston or Portland and have a CA person on the line.  Mark 
 Lisa:  What is the quality of our contracts and do we hold any collateral?  Any particular legal issues at this point?  Will we have to get quotes?  Mark 
 Yes, so long as they are employees and not on contract.  Move them to Lance Schuler's group.  Mark 
 Let's discuss.  Mark 
 Don, we are looking into this.  I wonder how traders operate in LA.  Mark 
  FYI, Mark 
 Thanks for the message.  I would e-mail Alan Aronowitz.  Regards,  Mark 
 Sami, by copy hereof, I have asked Jeff Hodge to look into this matter.  He is at 36911.   Mark 
 Thanks Paul.  Mark 
 Thanks.  I will try!   Mark 
 I am ok as long as you and Alan are ok.  Mark 
 Travis and I will cover the suggested topics.  Mark 
 I will be on the telephone on this one because of a management meeting the same day.  Mark 
 I think it is something we watch closely as you suggest.  Mark 
 Type:Single Meeting Organizer:Haedicke, Mark E. Start Time:Friday, July 27, 2001 2:00 PM End Time:Friday, July 27, 2001 2:30 PM Time Zone:Central Time (US & Canada) Location:EB3325  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Type:Single Meeting Organizer:Haedicke, Mark E. Start Time:Monday, July 23, 2001 2:00 PM End Time:Monday, July 23, 2001 2:30 PM Time Zone:Central Time (US & Canada) Location:EB3325  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 My accomplishments for the first six months of 2001 include the following:  1.    Developed New EES Trading Forms -- provided key legal technology and intellectual capital to rewrite EES forms to be largely consistent with the wholesale trading forms.  2.   Developed Setoff and Netting Strategy in the PG&E Bankruptcy -- led legal and credit team across all Enron entities in minimizing Enron credit and legal risks.  This required an expedited evaluation of Enron positions and coordination across Enron entities to determine the best possible approach to terminate and then value all PG&E contracts.  3.    Implemented New Document Retention Policy for Microsoft Outlook -- led the resolution of many critical document retention policy issues and implementation of a new policy across company lines in Enron.  4.    Thought Leader on Legal Risk Managment -- continued to develop legal technology for better management and reporting of legal risks across Enron.  Legal Risk Memos and legal risk ratings are two examples.  These legal risk policies have been newly applied in South America and EES to better evaluate and manage the legal risks in those businesses.  5.     Developing New Businesses -- integral part in developing new businesses in freight, paper, steel, lumber, etc. by preparing trading forms and formulating new ways to manage legal risks.  6.     Deal Machine -- projects having lots of complex issues including LV Cogen II, Pastoria, Sithe, Invasion Energy, Electrobolt and Huntco.  7.     Management -- continued to build a deal-oriented legal team that understand the underlying businesses.  8.     New Generation of Master Agreeements -- taking the lead with ISDA in developing the next generation of trading master which would be a single master for all commodities, whether physical or financial.  This would reduce the legal work by half. 
 Please join me for a baseball game.  The Astros are playing the NY Mets on Wednesday, August, 1.  The game starts at 7:05 p.m.  Please RSVP to Janette by e-mail to let her know if you will be able to attend.  (Unfortunately due to the limited number of seats available in a suite, we were not able to extend this invitation to your spouse or significant other.)  Hope to see you there! 
 Elizabeth:  Does the RTO order require a task force to draft new language?  Let me know.  Mark 
 I am fine with the agenda except that I will have E. Sager talk about the trading forms.  Mark 
 Please review MEH presentation and send comments to MEH by 5:00 p.m.  May 12, 1999 via notes mail.  Thank you,  Sylvia T. Sauseda/MEH 
 Congrats!    Mark 
 Don, thanks for the feedback.  I am supposed to meet with Mike G tomorrow and I would like to chat with you after that meeting.  Hope things are going well.  I will give you a call.  Mark 
 I would be happy to meet with her, but is unlikely we would be able to sponsor a junior lawyer.  It does not work well in our business.  Let me know if you want me to talk to her.  Mark 
 Yes, I would like to go.  Let me know the time.  Mark 
 Can you cover this? 
 Thanks Justin. 
 Ok to talk to him, I just don't want to get his expectations up.  Mark 
 Thanks. 
 Gay:  It is nice to hear from you.  I hope things are going well.   Merry Christmas!  Mark 
 Let's talk about it, but some sort of a consulting role seems appropriate.  I guess it would be less hands on than usual.    Mark 
 Thanks for the update.  Mark 
 Alison:  I think the energy panel at the AGM on March 17, 2000 in Amsterdam should discuss (i) development of energy trading on the continent, (ii) energy documentation issues and (iii) regulatory barriers to energy trading.  This is a great time to do a panel on energy trading in Europe!  I will copy Paul and Justin in London to get their ideas on both topics and panel members. Perhaps we can have a conference call next week.  Mark 
 1.  Enron Online Trading -- organized a legal team and solved enforceability and documentation issues around the world in a few short months for all the commodities traded by Enron.  2.  Developing New Businesses -- major contributions in developing and structuring coal, insurance, band-width and power plant transactions.  The groundwork has been laid to develop very profitable businesses in each of these areas.  3.  Aggressive Pursuit of Litigation Claims as a Plaintiff -- pursued Carolina Power & Light , Shell/Meridian, TVA, Ft. James and many others. Most have already settled with excellent results.  Successfully defended Wolfschlager, the last Panhandle case and Jolen.  4.  Lead Power Industry to Develop Master Power Agreement -- ENA lead the Edison Electric Institute coalition in developing  the first master power agreement.  ENA will benefit greatly in terms of dramatically lower transaction costs and greater liquidity.  5.  Reduced Legal Costs as Percentage of Earnings -- brought overall legal costs to less than 6% of EBIT in 1999, down from 8% in 1998, despite the upsurge in origination activity.  6.  Brought Finance and Corporate Legal Talent to Origination Deals -- as the origination work expanded dramatically and became much more complex, brought in more sophisticated legal talent to deals like UI and Peoples with great success.  7.  New Concept to Better Manage and Communicate Legal Risks -- developed the legal risk book concept to highlight where the largest buckets of legal risks were and where efforts should be focused. 
 Please try to schedule a call with Justin and Paul in London and  Alison at ISDA over the next week or so.  Mark 
 MIchael:  I will be over for the ISDA board meeting on January 25 and 26.  With the launch of the credit derivatives business, I think it would be a good time to do a brief Securities Law/Chinese Wall seminar relating to the credit business.  I would propose to review the rules we have instituted in NA and particular issues in the European market.  My preference on timing is in the morning on the 26th, and second, in the afternoon on the 25th.  Please give your thoughts on this.  Take care.  Mark 
 FYI, we need to talk about a presentation in the London office on Chinese walls.  Mark 
 Thanks for the comments.  I will make sure Tana gets taken care of.  Mark 
 Please put this on my calender. 
 John:  I will get on your calender in January when I am over.  It is also my understanding, for the credit trading business you are developing, that Chinese walls are not necessary.  But it will be necesary to address if equity trading starts up.  Also, there are probably related issues, like restricted lists and the like, that could apply to credit trading.  Hope you have time to enjoy the Holidays.  Take care. 
 please respond 
 Michael:  I think it is an excellent idea to keep count of the number of ISDAs we have as a way of focusing attention on our progress.  I think it may be a good idea to get a paralegal secondee from A&O or Linklaiters.  That secondee could then help with overflow work after a return to the firm.  Mark 
 Robert, have you been able to get Alan's comments?    Mark 
 I have noticed it!   Mark 
 This was the right Monday, so next Monday was the OGC anyway.  Mark 
 Let me know if there is anything else I need to do right now.  I would think we would want to set up a conference call as soon as we have identified all the panel members.  Take care.  Mark 
 Please prepare this letter for Cliff's signature.  Mark 
 I have listed a few pertinent facts about Jeff for your upcoming meeting. Let me know if you need more information.  1.   Jeff joined ENA Legal on September 1, 1993.  His title is currently Assistant General Counsel.  2.   Jeff leads a group in the legal department that focuses on physical trading.  Jeff spends most of his time on structured deals like Brooklyn Union and physical gas trading.  He also has lead the legal team on acquisition deals such as Columbia Energy Services.  He has a strong work ethic and an excellent record in closing important transactions.  3.   He has good legal judgment and is described by his clients as a knowledgeable and practical trading lawyer.  4.   Jeff has consistently ranked "excellent" in the performance review process. 
 John, I can make it on this coming Tuesday.  Mark 
 Anita:  Thanks for your note.  You made a great contribution to the Singapore office and I thank you for that.  Have a happy new year!  Mark Haedicke 
 Gareth:  Thanks for that note.  Have a happy new year!    Mark Haedicke 
 Ernest:  Happy New Year!  Is it too late to call on behalf of your wife?  I was swamped in December and never got to it.  Let me know.  Take care.  Mark 
 Ken:  This looks fine to me.  Where do we go from here?  Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.  Regards,  Mark 
 FYI 
 The name does not sound familiar to me.  Mark 
 Please give me an update so we can get this done.  Mark 
 Happy New Year!  Thanks for the message.  I will check on this asap.  Mark 
 By copy of this message, I ask Janette to help Mark out with his request. Please have Mark stop by.  Mark 
 FYI 
 I hope it comes true!  Mark 
 Calpine was going to take assignment of a contract with LCRA and backed out on the agreement.  We can talk about it more when I am in Portland on Tuesday and Wednesday.  Take care.  Mark 
 I will bring some to London as you requested.  See you soon.  Regards,  Mark 
 FYI 
 Thanks for the info!  Mark 
 Bob: I am fine with your proposed endorsement language.  It was great to see you last week!  Mark 
 OK 
 I am working on a plan to increase our bench strength in trading.  Wtih bandwidth, EOL etc., I think recruiting additional lawyers to do trading legal work is critical.  I will give you and Michael a call over the next week or so.  Take care.  Mark 
 My e-mail address is changed to mark.e.haedicke.enron.com 
 Julie, great to have you back!    Mark 
 Mary, by copy of this e-mail, I am asking Justin how big a presence National Power is in energy trading.  It seems to me National Power is more analogous to a dealer than a subscriber.  Mark 
 How big a presence is National Power in the market?  Are they analogous to a dealer?   Mark 
 Welcome!  Please stop by.  Mark 
 Let's talk about it.  Mark 
 I will be in Tokyo next week working on the start-up of energy trading in Japan for Enron.  I would like to book time on your respective schedules to meet on Wednesday afternoon.  I have some flexibility in my schedule if that does not work for you.  I will be in Tokyo on Thursday and Friday too.  Look foward to hearing from you.  Mark Haedicke 
 Having dealt wih Manfred on a number of matters I have to say I am not surprised.  Scott, please get personally involved in selecting a Punder lawyer that will take his place in meetings with customers and regulators.  I don't want to lose control of legal to John T in Germany.  Let's hire a lawyer on the ground if we need to.  Let me know.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Do we want to talk to him again?  If yes, Jeff, please give him a call.   Mark 
 Sorry, I can't make it.  Mark 
 Thanks for your note.  I think it is easiest to contact Julia Murray and Lance Schuler.  Please call me at any time.  Mark 
 Mary:  I think National Power should be more than a subscriber member.  Mark 
 Dear Terry:  Thanks for your quick reply.  Wednesday at 2 PM works for me.  I would be happy to come to IBJ's offices.  I will be joined by two others on our team. I would propose to discuss the prospects and challenges for energy trading in Japan.  Let me know if this is OK with you.   Look foward to seeing you.  Regards,  Mark 
 Richard:  Looks good with one change:  please delete the reference to honesty -- it's a little too tough.  Mark 
 Martin:  Thanks for the update.  It sounds overall like the direction will not be negative to our business in any material way.  Is that correct?  How is the weather?  Mark 
 Alan, have you looked at these opinions for Japan, Korea or Singapore?  Are they helpful?  Let me know.  Mark 
 Bill:  Let's try to get together today or tomorrow.  I will be out next week.  Also, give Lance a call and get on his schedule.  Look foward to seeing you.  Mark 
 It is my understanding that it is ok with Jim and Elizabeth if Janette attends and works at the conference.  If that is correct, I am ok with her attending.  Mark 
 KMM:  I believe MEH needs a photo for HBA Pictorial.  sts 
 Terry:  We are meeting our accounting firm for lunch so we are not available.  Thanks anyway.  The address I have for IBJ is 1-3-3 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku.  Is that the correct address of your office?  Let me know.  Regards,  Mark 
 Travis, could you please spend a few minutes on this and respond to Steve Wallace?  Thanks.  Mark 
 Joe:  I think there are several positive things to point out.  ISDA is opening an office in Japan as of April 13.  They have already hired one person and are looking for addtional people.  More importantly, Goldman moved one of its top traders worldwide, Tom Montag, from London to Tokyo and is generally beefing up the resources in Japan.  IBJ has contacted me about energy trading and asked for copies of confirms and says there is growing interest in the market place.  That's all I can think of for now.  Take care,  Mark 
 next time! 
 Paul:  Thanks so much for your help.  I think the legal team you have made available to us is very impressive.  I look foward to our success in Japan.  I have authored many articles on trading in markets around the world.  Would anyone in your shop like to work with me on energy trading  and documentation in Japan?  Mark 
 Mark:  I will be in Amsterdam for the ISDA board meeting on March 15 and 16.  I would like to get an update on the APX before leaving for Amsterdam.  For example, do we think it will be successful?  What kind of volume is trading? Also, I wanted to get your recommendation on what law firms or maybe the APX that I should visit while I am there.  Hope things are going well.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 I am sorry for ISDA that Mark Harding cannot run for Chairman again.  I will give you a call.  Is Montag willing to do it? 
 Seth:  I thought last week was very productive.  I appreciated your help.  The ISDA office in Tokyo is set to open officially on April 13, 2000.   Yasuko Horibe, who is currently in the ISDA office in NYC at 212-332-1271 is planning on moving to Japan to open the office.  Give her a call and get more details. Get back to me if you don't get the info you need.  Rgards,  Mark 
 Per our conversations.  Give me a call.    Mark 
 Mark, give me a call.  Mark 
 No, but I am ok with it.  She is doing a great job.   Mark 
 Please provide your comments to me as soon as you can.  The most important thing at this point is to make sure I have the business correctly described. I am working on the letter of intent now.  We will have to decide how detailed you want the term sheet and loi.  I would think you would want it fairly general for your first few meetings until we get feedback.  Let me know.  Mark 
 There is a proposal to have a meeting of the head traders of Enron, Reliant, Sempra, Coral, Duke, Southern, Dynergy and El Paso.  The idea would be to talk about e-commerce in the energy business.  Specifically, Enron might propose standardization of our masters, start-up of a clearing house for energy trading, electronic mechanism for confirmations, opening EOL to other companies to post bids and offers, and discuss electronic protocols for transactions with other energy companies to reduce costs.  We would probably discuss the state of regulatory restrictions under the CEA.  What are the anti-trust issues for such a meeting? What are the appropriate parameters for such meeting? Should legal counsel be in attendance? Would it be best to make invitations through a formal letter? 
 Jeff, please review and let's talk about it.  Mark 
 Mark Haedicke requested I forward the attached drawing. 
 Thanks, please work with Travis as I asked to take the lead on developing the conference.  Mark 
 Thanks for the feedback.  Mark 
 I think we need coordination on all plant matters.  Mark 
 Talk to Janette and let's get a few other people.  Mark 
 Paul:  I think we should have a brief meeting of you and me and Lance Schuler to plan out a strategy and then direct Raisler.  Let me know if this sounds ok to you.   What do you think is driving the change of mind?  Regards,  Mark 
 Seth:  There is a new senior person that was just hired in Japan to be the head of the office.  You should find out that person's name and try to meet with that person in Japan as soon as you can.  I think Enron should try to steer one of the committees to focus on energy regulatory matters in a material way.  I am not sure what committtee that would be at this point.  I think you should have this conversation with the senior person and I will work on it at the board level.  Let's keep comparing notes.  Regards,  Mark 
 John, thanks for the feedback on Mark and Scott.  Regards,  Mark 
 I am ok with all the changes except the deletion of the last sentence in paragraph 1.  I don't understand why Abitibi-Consolidated deleted that sentence.  Mark 
 Tim:  I am preparing a list of the pluses and minuses for the three main alternatives of Settlement, Hearing and FERC.  I think it will be helpful to channel the discussion.  I will send it to you later today.  Mark 
 In the attached chart, I have listed our three main options, and the pluses and minuses, from my point of view, of each option.  Let's discuss this tomorrow. 
 Attached is the chart for Bigtoe. 
 At this point, I think they should be a subscriber member, since trading of paper is an emerging market.  Mark 
 Sorry for my tardy reply.  I have been covered up.  Thanks anyway.  Mark 
 I am not sure.  The numbers do look reasonable to me.  See if they are ok with Sheila Walton and would fit in with our standard policy.  Mark 
 fyi 
 We have not talked about this.  Mark 
 What's going on?  Where are working now?  Mark 
 1.  Legal Risk Report -- developed the concept of the legal risk report for ECT.  I began reporting and managing the ECT legal risks on that basis.  This resulted in a better understanding of legal risks such as the power contract risks.  There will be many collateral benefits for the company as a result of this new technology for legal risks such as better decision making on transactions and faster focus on solving problems.  2.   Developed and implemented new Chinese Wall Policy  --  in the face of almost daily breaches of the then existing policy, a new policy was developed that is fashioned to fit the unique business of ECT.  The traders and originators helped design the policy and have "bought in".  Training was completed in June.  This new policy should reduce our SEC risk, while at the same time, allow us to take advantage of certain information.  3.  Lead power industry to develop a standardized form  --  pushed ISDA and EEI to work with the major IOU's to jointly develop a standard master trading form for power.  The form is now 80% complete and is modeled after the ECT form.  The result will be a significant saving of legal time and effort and more transactions will be completed in the industry with less risk of an unintended default.  4.  Cutting edge legal work -- identified and solved many cutting edge legal questions in connection with the start-up of many ECT businesses. These businesses include (i) the acquisition of competitive information, (ii) weather, coal, emissions, band- width and electronic trading, and (iii) acquisition of businesses through contract such as contemplated in the UI and the Peoples deals.  5.  Carolina Power & Light -- after filing suit against CP&L, acheiving a settlement at 90% of the value, despite difficult legal issues.  6.  Deals are Us  --  lots and lots of deals done.  Legal built a closer relationship with several difficult groups with improved results for the company. 
 Please print out for Bob Crane to sign.  Mark 
 Great conference in Amsterdam.  It was the best one yet.  I would like to have an IDSA sponsored energy conference in Houston sometime in the next year.  I think the time will be ripe to focus on (a)  energy derivatives around the world and (b) the application of web technology to energy.   If we do it right, we may draw a large group internationally and build our membership dramatically.  Let me know what you think.  Regards,  Mark 
 If you have not already done so, please complete and turn in 1999 Year End Performance Reviews for all employees that report to you (lawyers, legal specialists and administrative staff).  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 I will need the 1999 Year End Performance Reviews completed by Friday, April 7.  Thank you. 
 Yes, I want to continue receiving it.  Mark 
 Have you thought about Arthur Andersen or PriceWaterhouse?    Mark 
 yes. 
 Please get the lunch on my schedule and book me to take them on a tour of the trading floor.  Mark 
 Thanks for the info.  Mark 
 Bill:  I am looking foward to the game!  I will try to walk over to your offices by 6:00.  Mark 
 Thanks for the update.   Mark 
 Charles, the article looks very good to me.  I could not open the exhibits. Mark 
 Rick, please send me the schedule so I can foward it on to our lead trader in Japan.  Thanks.  Mark 
 That sounds like a great start in France.  Mark 
 Thanks.  We are in litigation with the Px.  Let me know if she continues to pursue Enron.  Mark 
 Thanks for the info.   Mark 
 Best of luck!  Please keep in touch!    Mark 
 I am on the boards on Harris County Children's Protective Services and International Swaps and Derivatives Association.  Mark 
 Liz, I would love to go.  Can I let you know tomorrow as I am still not sure what time by obligations here are over?    Mark 
 I don't know the person mentioned.   Mark 
 I will have to take a rain check.  I am meeting my son's fourth grade field trip here in SA and as it turns out we won't head back until about 7 pm. Have a great tme.    Mark 
 I think that is as good as we can get under the circumstances.  I would take it.  Mark 
 Jim:  Per our conversations, I propose the following additions to your draft memo:  Global Trading --  All lawyers providing legal services for trading activities (anywhere in the world) will continue to be consolidated into one group reporting to Mark Haedicke.  Legal Risk Books -- Mark will undertake an Enron-wide long term project to categorize legal risks into standardized risk "books".  To that end, Mark will form a team to work closely with each General Counsel or her/his designee regarding the significant legal risks in each subsidiary company. The goal will be to help us better understand our legal risks on a consolidated basis and to provide additional tools to manage our legal risks day to day.  It is anticipated that a consolidated monthly legal risk report will be prepared for Enron. 
 H&K has done only a little work for us.  Mark 
 For your review -- the latest diagram for the paper website.  Michael, I am free to discuss this at your convenience.  I am hopeful this structure will be unregulated in Europe as well.  Mark 
 Not enough experience.  Mark 
 I did it last week!  I  think it is a great seminar.  Mark 
 Based on earlier conversations, I have identified the following business methods that may be novel from a patent point of view:  1.   our site is offering "prime" paper rather than seconds or ends 2.   credit risk is managed by the site (credit intermediation) without cost to customers 3.   customers can access financial derivatives on paper to manage price risk on physical paper products 4.   customers have access to financial derivatives to manage price risk on prime offerings  Please give me your comments on this so we plan our strategy.  Mark Haedicke 
 George, I think your proposal is a good one in light of all the facts at hand.  I think it is best if we take the high road in approach as you have proposed.  I would ask Robert to prepare a one page bullet list of your points and then let's all briefly review it.  I want to stay mindful that litigation is possible and we have to chose our words carefully in event of litigation.  Mark 
 That is a great success.     Mark 
 Bill, I am thinking I could do it May 14 or May 21, if that works for others.  I will confirm next week if those dates work.  Mark 
 Susan:  It is ok to provide the requested information.  Mark 
 Thanks for the invitation, but I cannot make it on Friday.  Have a great time.  Mark 
 Please list Mark Haedicke as an attendee for the Thursday, August 19, 1999 Bon Voyage Bash for Kevin and Christine Hannon  Thank You 
 Yes, the 21st works for me.  I already made the mistake of mentioning the 14th to Susan and she reminded me what day it was.  Mark 
 Bill, I am flexible but I like between 7 and 8.  Mark 
 Ken, how should I help promote the Senate bill?  Does it allow us to do a many to many paper product financial exchange without regulation?  What would you change about the Senate bill?  Mark 
 Dave, I didn't see Julia's name on the list.  I assume it was just oversight.  Let me know.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Yes, talk to Cynthia or Mark Taylor.  Mark 
 Thanks, I think your list has real potential from a patent point of view. Mark 
 Thanks, the talking points are helpful.  Mark 
 A couple of other thoughts:  1.  Aggressively pursue litigation claims and manage litigation risks. 2.  Build contracts and legal infrastructure to support new businesses like paper. 3.  Develop top talent in the firms to assist getting all our deals done.  Mark 
 I will be there.  Mark 
 Yes.  Also, outside legal usually increases over the last 4 months of the year.  Mark 
 I could not open the document.  Mark 
 Rob, she could talk to Barbara Gray about a position as a paralegal.  Barbara is looking for help on some of the asset work.  Mark 
 Not enough experience for our shop. 
 Louise, I can take care of this.  Once in a while, I need to get my hands dirty.  Mark 
 Jason:  I have reviewed the CA and only have one comment.  I would like to add a paragragh 10 as follows:  "This Agreement shall terminate on the date one year from the date of this Agreement."  Enron Net Works LLC will be the party to the agreement.  The address is 1400 Smith Street, Houston Texas  77002.  Please set up the agreement for signature by Louise Kitchen as Managing Director.  My number is 713-853-6544 if you have any questions.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Cynthia, Rick Grove and I talked by phone to Chairman Rainer today about energy.  I made the point that energy swaps should be treated just like financial commodity swaps.  Also, I pointed out that innovation has been slowed for electronic trading of energy by the current regulatory structure. I think it would be a good idea to prepare a "positive" letter from a few congressman encouraging a point of view on energy more like the Senate bill.  Mark 
 Rick Grove and I spoke with Chairman Rainer on Friday about energy and he did not budge.  He appears to be strongly against us.  Why do you think that is? 
 Pls. handle.  Mark 
 Peter, the summary is very helpful.  Perhaps, we should drop the summary into the monthly report?  Please talk to Julia about that.  I want to make it as efficient as possible.  Mark 
 Nora, thanks for the information.  As new issues come up, please copy Mark Taylor.  Thanks for your help.  Mark 
 Justin, thanks!   Mark 
 Liz, it looks fine.  I have printed it and will initial for Greg's signature.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  Once you get the original back, please send to me for my files.  Mark 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please feel free to call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.  Thank you. 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please feel free to call me if you have any questions at (713) 853-6544.  Thank you. 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.  Thank you. 
 Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.  Please feel free to call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.  Thank you. 
 Julia has all the handouts.  Mark 
 Randy, I will be out of town, but that is ok.   MARK 
 That is great that John has an interest!   Mark 
 Chris, I got your message.  I am very happy how you are coming out!  I think it is a great opportunity for both you and the company!  Please work through the move and comp questions with Julia.  Of course I will be available as needed.  Mark 
 Peter, is there any real risk that contingencies from LGEC could spill over to Enron Canada?  Mark 
 Please set up a meeting next week with Randy and Michelle and Dan to briefly review the issues below.    Mark 
 I am in Houston, but would be happy to give him some contact names.  What is his background?  That will help me come up with the right people.   Mark 
 FYI 
 Bob:  Sorrry for the delay in responding.  I am ok with V&E representing the underwriter with the usual carve-outs..  Mark 
 I have not heard of the firm.    Mark 
 Thanks for the summary.  Mark 
 I am OK with this so long as it does not set a precedent for next year. Mark    Sheila Walton 04/10/2000 11:09 AM 
 You're very welcome.   Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.  I think the transaction makes a lot of sense.   Mark 
 Paul, thanks for the risk memo!  Mark 
 Peter, thanks for the note.  Please copy Julia on updates of this nature. Mark 
 Please put on my calendar.  Mark 
 Dear Mr. Esposito:  I would recommend you talk to Brian Seyfried in London at 44-207-783-7907 re credit and Jere Overdyke in Houston at 713-853-9171 re insurance derivatives.  Let me know if you need any more help.  Sincerely,  Mark Haedicke 
 Yes, I am generally familiar with the deal.  Mark 
 I would like to be on the panel but I have on a conflict on the conference dates.  Please keep me in mind for next year.  Mark Haedicke 
 Bill, that works for me.  I am happy to ride together.  Let me know what time you will pick me up.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I am fine with your proposal.   Mark 
 I have put the executed doc in the mail.  Mark 
 I will be out of town.  Thanks for asking.  Mark 
 Jaime:  Thanks for the information!  Mark 
 Greg, it looks fine to me.  Let's make sure we have the supporting documentation of the good standing certificate and board resolution.  Mark 
 Jeff, here is the list of managers and officers as it now stands.  Let me know what additional changes you want made and we will get all of them done. Mark 
 7:45 is ok with me.  I am at 14623 River Forest.  Let me know if you need directions.  Mark 
 We did a cogen deal in Nevada.  Try asking Karen Jones in Portland.  Mark 
 This is a test. 
 For preparation of my travel folder for the trip.  Mark 
 Fish. 
 Please put this on my calendar.  Mark 
 Please check with Janette.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Janet, I am looking to this now.  Mark 
 Elizabeth, I would like to present at this conference, subject to knowing more about it.  Let's talk about about what we would want to talk about.  I am wondering how interesting the topic will be.   Mark 
 I think we should try this out.  I will work on that.  Mark 
 I received the binder.  Thank you.   Mark 
 Dave, I wanted to let you know that I will be in Israel on July 28, on the date of the VP pre-ranking.  This is a long scheduled family trip that would be difficult to cancel.  I can call in or get all my comments to you and others ahead of time.      Mark 
 That is a very interesting question.  I think we would eventually want to include derivatives in the cross default trigger because of their significance.  However, since we often have the far larger derivative position, it would seem at least now, this would more often work against us.  Mark Haedicke 
 Congrats on the deal!   Mark 
 FYI 
 Put on my calendar.   Mark 
 I do not know of any reason.  Mark 
 FYI.   You call and confirm with Dennis Oakley at Chase. 
 Cliff, please find the legal opinion we previously discussed.  Mark 
 Let me know how it goes.  Mark 
 Don:  I would like to attend with you.  I will check with my assistant to make sure I can do it.  Take care,  Mark 
 Bob:  After last year it is a close call, but I want to do it again.  I am willing to go for one-half again but am ok with only a quarter of the games.  Let me know when you need the money and I will scout around to see if anyone wants a quarter of the games.  Mark 
 Janet, I received your message and heard you loud and clear.  We need to diversify the talent working on your deals.  Let's get you together with Julia next week to discuss.    Janet R Dietrich 06/06/00 04:01 PM 
 Mark, what has been mandated by AA and what is your recommendation.  Mark 
 Please put this on my schedule.  Mark 
 Is our filing date of July 1 still on track?   Mark 
 There will be a meeting to discuss unfinished PRC matters for ENA Legal on Monday, June 19, at 9:30 a.m. (immediately following the regularly scheduled OGC meeting) in conference room EB38C2.  This should take approximately 30 minutes. 
 I think attending the ISDA workshop would be a good idea.   Mark 
 Thanks for updating  me on things.  We could get together for lunch some time if you want.  I am downtown and generally keep Thursday's open to lunch with friends.  I am at 713-853-6544 and you can always leave a message on vm. Take care.  Mark 
 Thanks for the message.  I will be over in a few weeks.  I look foward to catching up on things.  Mark 
 Please find the docs she is referring to so I can sign them.  We should get Jeff Hodge to sign them.  Mark 
 If you are going to be out of the office, please have your assistant send me an e-mail (and copy Janette) with the dates you will be out and the telephone number where you can be contacted.  Thank you. 
 Alan, FYI.  Please forward on to Tom.  I could not get his e-mail address to come up.  Mark 
 FYI.  We should talk about attendance at these meetings re electronic trading. 
 I will not be back from my vacation until August 2.  Is it possible to delay your vacation for two days.  If not, I think it will be ok.  Mark 
 Edmund, thanks for that A&O summary.  Is anyone recommending any change in the ISDA agreement or schedules?  Hopefully this fact scenario would never apply to Enron.  Mark 
 I can go only if there is no Net Works meeting.  Mark 
 Alan, there is a good article on power trading in Japan.  Please pass it on as appropriate.   Mark 
 test 
 Scott, thanks for the note.  Mark 
 Congrats!  It is a good ground breaking deal.  Mark 
 I would try Rick Shapiro.  Mark 
 Rick:  As you know, Clinton should sign, over the next couple of days, legislation on electronic signatures.  There is a big need to standardize the approach with respect to e-signatures on trading contracts and maybe confirmations.  I think this is an area that ISDA could provide leadership and possibly make money through a protocol.  Let me know what you think.  Mark 
 Bob:  I think the RFP looks great.  The one question I had was whether or not we wanted to put in the RFP our objective in terms of income from the facility. Also, should we encourage joint bids?  Take care.  Mark 
 Peter:  At this point, it seems to me, it may be helpful, but not materially helpful to bid through a separate entity.  Do you disagree with this conclusion?  Mark 
 Lance, it looks fine to me with exception of the reference to Kinneman. Please revise and send out.  Mark 
 Please look at this and give me your comments.  Mark 
 Pete, thanks for the memo.  Mark 
 George: We have a new lawyer in Alan's group starting in a few weeks.  I want this lawyer to help Wayne.  I think this will take care of the issue.   Thanks. Mark 
 FYI 
 Thanks for asking, but my schedule does not permit speaking at that time. Mark 
 Stephen:  I would be happy to talk about that.  Give me a call at 713-853-6544.  Mark 
 Tim:  What's your reaction to this article on Cal Px?  Mark 
 The OGC meeting scheduled for Wednesday, July 5, has been cancelled.  The OGC meeting will resume on the normal schedule beginning Monday, July 10, at 8:30 a.m.  Thank you. 
 Bob:  We are working on a "protocol" re electronic signatures.  Is this something isda would want to be involved in?  Maybe money could be made.  Let me know.  Mark 
 Alan, I forwarded it on to the GC at ISDA and am looking forward to his comments.  Great job.  Mark 
 Bob:  I think we say we want the facility to be revenue enhancing and that we are in favor of joint bids.  Take care.  Mark 
 Yes I do think so.  He may want to coordinate with V&E, but that is ok. Please point out we are working with ISDA.   Mark 
 Let's try to use V&E on the e-signature things as much as possible. 
 Bob:  We are working on an e-signature "protocol" and wondered if ISDA wanted to take the lead in this matter?  Let me know.  Mark 
 Bob:  This is something we are working on at Enron.  Is this something ISDA has interest in taking a lead on?  I think ISDA could add value by developing a standard approach to e-signatures.  Mark 
 Let's do it in August during the week of the seventh.  Please start working on a short memo for Dave and me to send out.  I think we need to have at least two dates.  The memo should say attendance is mandatory.  Mark 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Keep me posted.  Mark 
 I think we should get either you or Sara involved in this.  Gary has requested a Houston lawyer help in establishing the business in London.  Mark 
 Tim, thanks for the note.  Mark 
 This looks ok to me.  Mark 
 Thanks! 
 Bill, thanks for the invitation, but I cannot make it.  Take care.  Mark 
 Chris:  Thanks for the feedback on Dale.  I agree with your assessment.  Take care.  Mark 
 FYI on the lawyers conference.  Mark 
 Bill, I called Shapiro about this and he said they were interested and would cover the meeting you told me about.  I would give Rick a call at this point.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Paul:  Great news!  Were there any difficult questions raised by the SFA?  Mark 
 Justin: Thanks for the info.  Alan and I are going to work on it from this side.  It sure looks like we could use a lawyer in New York.  After you and Alan talk it through, let's agree on a plan to get the work done in NYC to make sure we are coordinated.  Mark    Justin Boyd 07/12/2000 05:19 AM 
 Chris:  Thanks for the update.  Let's try to get together in Toronto on Tuesday, August 15 or 22.  Do either of those days work for you?  I would envision getting up to speed on business opportunities in Ontario and addressing the questions you raised.  Your proposal makes sense, but I would like to defer our decision until we have had a chance to talk it through.  Mark 
 Yes, Michael raised it to me, so that is all clear.  With respect to the candidate you mentioned, I think I would need to review his resume and see what the arguments would be.  Let's get together and talk about this before you go to the recruiters.  Mark 
 Mary:  Never heard of Barrett.  I think it is a good trend that energy companies are seeing it in their interest to join ISDA!  Mark 
 Rosemary:  Yes, I would be happy to.  I would like to get some time on the schedule to review the plan for energy both in North America and Europe.  It seems to me that we ought to have a meeting in Frankfurt in Sept and a seminar on energy in Houston over the next six months.  Mark 
 Please add this to my schedule.  Maybe, I can fly to Toronto the next day. Ask Chris Gaffney if September 21 works for him instead of the dates I proposed in August.   Mark 
 Chris:  How about Sept 21?  I have to be in NYC anyway on Sept 20.  Mark 
 Please review the attached summary of legal risks.  Mark 
 In preparation for our meeting on Monday, I listed the key legal issues re the PPAs.  Mark 
 I think you need to do their reviews.  I would coordinate with Jeff Hodge to make sure you get the appropriate feedback from Houston. 
 Liz: Put me down for $50.  Mark 
 Alan, are we doing anything on Aer*x anymore?  Please let Mark Holsworth know.   Mark 
 I updated mine last week.  Please confirm it is not there as of today.  Mark 
 What topics do you think would be appropriate?  I will have just a few minutes.  I was thinking CFTC, electronic trading, physical trading forms and continued opening of power markets in North America to trading.  Mark 
 Yes, I am planning on attending.  I need directions.  Thanks.  Mark 
 We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America.  I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form.  I am thinking 4 slides at the most.  Is that what you want?  Mark 
 Michael:  The September ISDA meeting is coming up and I am starting to plan my schedule.  I will be in London on Monday and Tuesday, Sept 12 and 13.  I will also be in Frankfurt on Wednesday and Thursday.  Are you free for dinner on either Monday or Tuesday?  Who is the best person in Frankfurt to give me an overview of the trading markets in Germany?  Regards,  Mark 
 Jane:  There are lots of countries that at first did not allow derivatives and later changed the laws to allow them.  Bob Pickel, the GC of ISDA in NYC could give you info on this or Jeff Golden at Allen & Overy in London could give you info.  Mark 
 Yes, please check on that.   Mark 
 Martin:  Looks like great progress!  Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.  It is going to be a very interesting area!  Mark 
 Please set a telephone meeting with Alex for me.  Mark 
 Please see note on Frankfurt.  Mark 
 Shouldn't we go with LeBeouf?    Mark 
 Yes I want these changes.      PeopleFinder <peoplefinder@enron.com> 08/03/2000 11:09 AM Please respond to peoplefinder 
 Rob, pass on if appropriate.  Mark 
 Mark:  A concern has been raised about IT service providers working on EOL or other Enron projects and then taking know-how to a competitor, such as Dynegy. Since these service providers tend to work for a lot of different companies, it seems like this is a significant issue.  How do we address this risk in the contracts? Do we need to add a non-competition clause?  Mark Haedicke 
 Ron:  Thanks for your help.  Let's get together for lunch some time.  Let me know what works for you.  Mark 
 NIck:  Do we have an erergy meeting scheduled in September.  Let's talk about this. We could do it in either London or Frankfurt doing the week of the board meeting.   Let me know your thoughts on this.  Mark 
 Rick:  Thanks for the message.  I have sent an e-mail to Nick.  I will coordinate with him.  Mark 
 Paul:  Thanks for the e-mail.  I agree with your assessment.  I also want to thank you for your support of the legal department.  We feel like we are part of the team and I appreciate your efforts in that regard.  Take care,  Mark 
 Nick: I will plan on being there and will be happy to comment on item 4.  I think we also could talk about  regulatory barriers to energy trading in Europe.  Please keep me posted on seminar plans in Europe re energy.  Regards,  Mark 
 Bob: per our conversation.  Mark 
 It seems to me that our standard language should prohibit service providers from working on any similar project for a competitor or disclosing in any way that work was done for Enron.  Also, we may want to specify liquidated damages for violation of this covenant.  Any objections to this?  Mark Haedicke 
 Jay:  You and I can talk through the issues.  The key point is that you have to vote the best interest of the corporation on whose board you sit and not your personal interest or the interest of Enron.  Give me a call and we can talk through the business of Convergent and what the risks are.  Mark 
 I agree.  Also, I think what we do here will be cited by others.  Mark 
 Jeff, where we at on the project to improve the contracts with the most exposure.   Mark 
 Mark:  Would you please propose language to me along the lines I suggested.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Please take this comment into account when you draft up some language. Thanks, Mark 
 Dad:  Thanks for letting me know.  She seemed to be a wonderful person.  Things are going well for me and my family.  We bought a place at Silver Shells in Destin recently.  I am hopeful we will get there some during the summers.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I will be here next week.  Mark 
 Please schedule 30 minutes with Janette.  Mark 
 Do you think that a bill favorable to energy will be passed over the strong opposition of the CFTC?  What kind of odds do you put on it?  It is a significant change if Treasury is not longer against us -- but it is a little hard for me to believe that it is real.  Should I try to make a trip to Washington in September?  Let me know.  Mark Haedicke 
 Mark:  Let's start using this right away.     Mark Haedicke Non-competition:  Contractor covenants that it will not use for any reason the By accepting work under this Agreement, Contractor warrants that it will not perform any similar work for a competitor of Company.  Contractor acknowledges its obligations under section 4 of this Agreement and, as such, shall not accept any work in which it might divulge any information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques learned or created during (collectively the "Information") while providing the work services performed for theCompany, including without limitation, when Contractor provides services to any company competing with the Company.  Anytime Contractor provides substantially similar services to a company competing with the Company, it shall take all appropriate caution to protect the Information, use employees that did not provide services to the Company and Contractor shall provide written notice to the Company.     Mark Holsworth@ENRON 08/11/2000 03:11 PM 
 Let's talk about this when you get a chance.  Mark 
 Please briefly fill-in the attached draft monthly report for Net Works by August 15.  Please e-mail your additions to Janette for her to compile.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I was happy to do it.  I really like your artwork.  Let's get together for lunch sometime.  Regards,  Mark 
 Mary:  I asked for a list of major energy trading parties.  It seems to me that we should try again to get those on the list that are not already members to join ISDA.  Let me know if I can help.  Regards,  Mark 
 Mary:  Here is the list on telecom companies.  Let me know how I can help.  Regards,  Mark 
 Great resume, but too specialized for my group.  Mark 
 Mark, I was looking for your comments on this memo.  Thanks.   Mark H 
 I cannot be there, but am very glad you are having this meeting.  Mark 
 No I have not.  Mark 
 Mary:  Spring break for most schools in Houston for 2001 is March 12 through March 17.  Otherwise, I am open in Feb and Mar at this time.  I think London is a better venue for an energy conference than Amsterdam.  Also, I think we will eventually want to do an energy trading presentation on Japan --  maybe at the update on October 26.  Ragards,  Mark 
 I would like to change our policy regarding taping telephone trades.  I propose the following:  1.   Retention Period  -- change the retention period from 4 months to 2 months  2.  Record Only Deal Terms -- change from taping everything to taping only the deal terms at the end of a call  The first change could be made immediately and the second change would require both reprogramming (Phillippe is looking at this) and training of the traders to press the record button at the end of a call to record the deal terms.  Let me know your thoughts on the proposed changes.  Mark Haedicke 
 Per our conversation on coordination of our efforts on California and other jurisdictions, we have developed the following training program:  1.    Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary.  2.    Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is being scheduled in Houston and Calgary.  3.    Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland, but needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues.  It also needs to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary.  Also, the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local power pool rules.  There is a similar program being prepared in London.  A meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.  Mark Haedicke 
 I would stay out of it in light of John's message.  MARK 
 Please prepare drafts of the slides suggested in the attached "agenda slide".   Mark 
 Paul:  I have proposed we change our procedure here and we are discussing the proposed changes.  I will send you a copy of my proposal.  We can talk about in a few weeks in London.  Regards,  Mark 
 I am trying to build consensus on this issue.  Take care.  Mark 
 I think partnering with a lawfirm would be a good idea re documentation. However, I am not sure the ISDA board is likely to pick a proposal that includes a competitor of the stature of Enron.  I will call ISDA and try to get a read on what ISDA wants to do which is not clear at this point.  Regards,  Mark 
 Thanks for confirming the destruction of tapes.  Mark 
 Attached is the Enron Net Works Monthly Legal Report. 
 FYI 
 I vote for the monastery.  I look forward to our meeting.  Mark 
 Jenette: please put this tentatively on my schedule.  Mark 
 Brent, also who has the risk of Y2K under our contracts?  If energy is not delivered because of a Y2K problem, is that a force majeure event or otherwise excused?  Your are right to raise this issue.  Let me know what response you are getting.  Take care.  Mark 
 Thanks for the memo.   Mark 
 Please set up this meeting.  Mark 
 Try Sheila Tweed.  We did a few transactions there last year.  Mark 
 Larry:  On the resume, only one comment.  I would split out Community Affiliations or just delete it.  I will give the resume to a friend of my in HR and ask where he thinks the best fit would be in Enron.  Do you want me to e-mail your resume to a few people I know in other businesses? If yes, please send again without the note to me.  Mark 
 I have talked to my friend and the areas where we need help are in coal product and paper product marketing and industrial customer outsourcing. Give me a call and I can describe the opportunities and see what your interest level is.  Mark 
 Bob:  I think Enron is more  likely to use the intranet service.  I was unclear however, if additional service was available in the internet service, such as links to the explanatory books?  I think generally we would want the convenience of having the ISDA materials inside for use by any Enron employee.  If the cost gets too high, I don't think members will pay for it. $10,000 sounds ok to me.  Regards,  Mark 
 Peter:  Thanks for the message.   I look forward to getting together.  Mark 
 David:  Per our conversation last week, I have attached a copy of Mr. Lipman's resume.  He has expressed interest in learning more about the coal, paper and steel business opportunities.  He will give you a call at 713-853-3557 to schedule a time to meet.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks for the e-mail.  I have asked Alan to find a time where we could talk on Thursday to make sure we are coordinated on Rudolf Wolffe.  Regards,  Mark 
 Please circulate as appropriate in Portland.   Mark 
 FYI 
 I spoke to Dr. Emilio Pinto, at the Sao Paulo lawfirm of Tozzini Freire about joining ISDA.  He and his firm are doing a lot of work for Enron.  He is familiar with ISDA and said he was interested in joining.  I told him he would get a call and some materials that he could present to his Executive Committee.  I reviewed with him the cost of $10,000.  Please give him a call at 011-551-1-2322100.  I think he could help build membership in ISDA in Brazil and eventually become a rep office for ISDA in South America.  He goes by Emilio.  I am working on a lawfirm in Argentina.  Let  me know if you have any questions.  Regards,  Mark 
 Congratulations to you and your team!   Mark 
 Thanks for the invitation but we are going on to Calgary.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Bob: Thanks for the heads up.  Mark 
 John, I would like to get together for lunch on the 6th of Sept.  Take care. Mark    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 08/24/2000 01:56 PM 
 Joan:  I will talk to Susan and see what her interest is.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Dan, are you ok with the minutes?  Mark 
 Paul:  We do Sales Practices training which gets into some of what your are suggesting.  I think it is a good idea to take it further with a list of "don'ts".  We can get you are training materials.  We are in the process of uploading all training materials including videos into various websites.  Mark    Paul Simons 08/24/2000 06:04 AM 
 Any interest?  If yes, please contact this candidate.  Mark 
 Please give me the contact names because I don't know much about this.  Mark    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 08/28/2000 09:34 AM 
 Peter, let's set aside at least one-half hour to talk about the approval process and general communication and any issues you want to.  Please get it scheduled. Thanks.  Mark 
 I am ok with a memo as you proposed.  Mark 
 Susan:  Thanks for the note.  Glad to hear that you are doing well.  Please send me a brief description of what ICor does.  Regards,  Mark 
 Attached is the Monthly Legal Report for Enron Global Markets. 
 Please carry your cell phone with you (with the power on) while you are at work during normal business hours.  It is important that I can reach you when it becomes necessary.  Thank you for your cooperation. 
 Rob, I want to keep a relatively low profile until we settle Project Stanley.  With respect to cooperating with TransAlta while the lawsuit is pending -- that seems to send the wrong signal to TransAlta.  Mark 
 Wes, I am forwarding the monthly report on Legal.  It seems to be inconsistent with the legal budget numbers in the QBRs.  Overall, it shows Legal is slightly over budget for the year.  Could you have someone compare the numbers and let me know if the monthly report is correct.  Mark 
 Please update as you fill in the rest of the dates.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Joan:  Great!  Susan said she would like to go to a few shops as you suggested.  We can talk about that.  Mark 
 That looks good.   Our call next week will be on Tuesday and Julia will be leading it.  I will see you in London soon.   Mark 
 We will look into it.  It may be an infringement.  Mark 
 I am ok with it.  Mark 
 I agree.  I want to change the reporting to be directly to me anyway.  Let's discuss.  Mark 
 John, I think I can meet for lunch on the 7    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 08/24/2000 01:56 PM 
 Thanks for the invitation, but I will be returning from Europe.  Mark 
 Thanks for the message!  It was a complete victory!   Mark 
 For your use if the materials don't make it here in time.  Mark 
 Yes, I am happy to do that.  Mark 
 We sent a letter asking him to stay away from the families and INS is supposed to show up today and deport him.  We'll see what happens.  Mark 
 Please hold for me.  I will see you soon.  Mark 
 Stacy, please look into this ASAP and report back to me.   Mark 
 Let's plan on talking about BT's hedge claim.   Mark 
 Peter:  Please give me a two or three sentence summary of the trading issue and court decision thereon in Blue Range.  I want to report on it over the next two weeks in ISDA energy committee meetings.  Regards,  Mark 
 Peter:  You are asking good questions.  Generally, most employees are part of ENA and provide services to all the wholesale businesses.  The executives tend to have their own company business cards and stationary.  But, most of the business continues under ENA or an existing company.  Occasionally, litigation concerns dictate not following the general rules.  You can get more specific info from Julia.  Mark 
 Niki:  I would be happy for 2 students to be assigned to Legal.  Mark 
 large 
 A few of my pictures.   Mark 
 Please print these out for me and forward to Mark Taylor, Alan, Elizabeth and Jeff Hodge. 
 Accord should be a primary member.  It is the trading arm of British Gas. Mark 
 Thanks for the summary.  I had missed your prior e-mail on the topic.  Mark 
 Great!  Let me know how it goes.  Mark 
 Yes, go ahead and send it to Kevin.  It does not look very helpful in that we cannot argue ENA assigned EES a lot of value.  Mark 
 Dan, let's go with the following as modified.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I appreciate all the work you did for us!   Mark 
 Well done!  Please send a copy of the plan to the OGC and work with Janette to schedule a meeting of the OGC to review the plan and get buy-in across the group.  Let's schedule the meeting for 1and 1/2 hours.  I would like you in the mean time to focus on a time line to implement the program.  Also, please set up a meeting for you and me with Phillippe Bibi to discuss getting help from IT to implement our plan.  Mark 
 I don't know anything about this.  Mark 
 Put me on the 11:50 flight and let's see if we can do dinner at 7:00 rather 8:00.  Thanks, Mark 
 We are looking at buying several paper companies.  I think you should send them to me.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Thanks for the resume.  I do not need a regulatory lawyer at this time. Mark 
 John, I don't see that as a problem.  It was good to see you.  Regards,  Mark 
 Send the docs to Julia.  Mark 
 Please see below from ISDA.  Do we ever want to go to using the ISDA for physical and financial deals?  Should this be a long range plan?   Mark 
 I plan on playing golf.  Mark 
 I have responded below.  Also, my title is Managing Director and General Counsel of Enron Wholesale Markets.  I would add a bullet " comparison of masters in use in North America."   Mark 
 Please fix this for me.    Mark 
 Thanks for the message.  I will try to get that fixed.  Mark 
 Yes, include me on the list.  Mark Haedicke 
 What is the status of setting up Chinese Walls?   Mark 
 Bill:  I would talk to Lisa Mellencamp about representing ENA re East Coast Power.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Mary:  Sorry, I can't make the lunch.  Historically, the interest in Enron sponsoring any event has been very low.  I will raise it but I am not optimistic.  Mark 
 Looks good to me.  Mark 
 non-smoking 
 Rappaport's comments are potentially very negative to us.  I think we should write him a letter in protest.    Mark 
 Please handle re Paul Nelson. 
 Please schedule. 
 We have purchased 30 copies of the referenced book.  It is a short read -- about 30-45 minutes.  The copies are located at the clerks' station, EB3808. Please read this short story prior to our ENA Legal Conference and then return it to the clerks' station so everyone attending the conference will have an opportunity to read it prior to the conference. 
 I am working on the scheduling the meeting this afternoon with Power Systems and their outside lawyers to ask for the legal opinion we need on this matter.  We have to nail down all the facts and then get Power System's outside lawyers to write the appropriate opinion.  I will keep you posted.  Mark 
 Please send an e-mail copy of the speech I gave shortly after meeting with Mr. Ford.   Mark 
 George:  I will send it by e-mail.  Take care.   Mark 
 Please call John Arnold and ask him where the traders are coming out on this.  Let me know.  Mark 
 Jim, I am looking for weather data by region for 98 and 99.  I believe that there was a lot of extreme weather this year and I am looking to support that.  This is background info to support the arguments for standardized power contracts,  which are nearly agreed to.  Let me know what there is and who I should talk to.  Thanks for your help.     Mark 
 I think it is both Rappaport and his target audience.  I think Dan needs to hear directly from us that we are not happy with the position he has taken re electronic trading.  Silence by us could be misinterpreted by him.  Let me know what you think.  Mark    Louise Kitchen 09/25/2000 11:12 AM 
 Dan, please prepare a list of items you think I should sign off on and then set up a meeting where we can review that list with the whole team.     Mark 
 Steve:  It looks like a great program!  I am happy to participate.  I would like to have a teleconference of the panel within a few weeks so that I can make sure I have time to get my materials together.  Regards,  Mark    SKramer@milbank.com 09/20/2000 04:14 PM 
 For your files.  Mark 
 I got the chart in electronic form.  Mark 
 John:  Let me know if you are ok with the following memo which would come from you and me to  the traders and senior originators:    Effective October 15, 2000, the retention period on tape recordings of trades done by telephone will be reduced from four months to one month.  The tapes regarding significant transactions may be retained for such longer period as approved in writing by both the Head Trader and the General Counsel.  Please propose those significant transactions on which you may wish to retain the tapes, prior to October 15, 2000, since the tapes on conversations older than one month will be destroyed on that date.  If you have any questions, please contact Mark Haedicke or Richard Sanders.   We are still looking at moving to recording only the deal terms -- but that is a long term project.  Mark 
 Dan, I would like to have a brief meeting with the team to talk through the list -- to make sure we are all on the same wavelength.  Let's do it soon with the idea we would have another meeting to wrap things up as appropriate.  Mark    Dan Lyons 09/25/2000 03:23 PM 
 Let me know if you see any problem.  Mark 
 Can you look into this and get back to me.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Steve:  It's ok to put confirmed.  Mark 
 Please briefly review the slides attached below and give me your reaction. Please forward on to our clients if you think it would be helpful.   Mark 
 I think you must be looking for Mark Holsworth at Enron Corp.  Mark Haedicke    Mike Haney@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 09/20/2000 09:12 AM 
 Paul:  It is true that there is no wall -- however, it is geographically separate. The equity trading is the end portion of the floor.  There are three hallways that go to equity trading, each about 10 feet long.  It would not be possible to hear anything said outside of the equity trading area.  Robert Bruce is working on updating our policy and procedures in Houston and by copy hereof ask him to update you.    Paul Simons 09/19/2000 01:53 PM 
 Please confirm we send this memo to MDs and key commercial employes.    Mark 
 Everyone was intrigued that Enron submitted a proposal.  However, it is difficult to guess the outcome.  Mark 
 Rick:  I would like to have a presentation on local rules such as ISO rules in the various locations where we operate.  Can your group do this as we work on the legal presentations.  I believe this is already happening in part, but I would like to make more institutionalized.  Let me know.   Mark    Richard Shapiro@EES 09/08/2000 09:42 AM 
 Please work with Richard Sanders to decide on the distribution list which should include all MDs and Robert Knight.  I want to get it out by Wednesday.  Mark 
 Effective October 15, 2000, the retention period on tape recordings of trades done by telephone will be reduced from four months to one month.  The tapes regarding significant transactions may be retained for such longer period as approved in writing by both the Head Trader and the General Counsel.  Please propose those significant transactions on which you may wish to retain the tapes, prior to October 15, 2000, since the tapes on conversations older than one month (except with respect to litigation matters) will be destroyed on that date.  If you have any questions, please contact Mark Haedicke or Richard Sanders.  John Lavorato and Mark Haedicke 
 per our conversation.  Mark 
 Alan, please handle and respond directly to Rick.  It looks like it would be a good opportunity for ECT to speak.  Mark 
 The schedule looks good.  I don't think there is any need for me to meet with Stikeman.  Thanks.  Mark 
 The lunch for October will be at Dong Ting, 611 Stuart at Smith, from Noon to 1:00 PM.  The telephone number is 713-527-0005.  Please RSVP to my assistant, Janette Elbertson, at extension 37906 to let her know if you will be attending.  Thanks. 
 The luncheon will be on Tuesday, October 3rd. 
 If you have a copy of Who Moved My Cheese? please read it at your earliest convenience and return it to the clerks' station so everyone attending the conference has an opportunity to read it.  Thank you. 
 Per our conversation.  Mark 
 There is no attachment.  Mark    Angela Davis@ENRON 10/02/2000 05:57 PM 
 Please retype and send the memo directly within e-mail.  Thanks,  Mark    Deb Korkmas 10/02/2000 04:38 PM 
 FYI.  I am working on new procedures requiring a "budget" for outside counsel on our more complex deals to improve cost control.  Mark 
 Thanks.  Mark 
 Please delete the referenced meetings from your calendars.  It is no longer necessary to have this meeting on Thursdays, from 11:00 to 11:30 AM.  Thank you. 
 Should the first order of business be to decide who is responsible for each form and then review who must approve the changes?  Maybe we should do that ahead of time?  Also, should we set a time schedule?  Mark 
 Hi Larry:  I think your best shot at Enron would be in paper with Bryan.  I think we got a gift -- I remember Susan saying something.  I am just the Dad!  Everything is going well.  Keep me posted on your job opportunities or if you want me to follow up with anyone here.  Mark    LDLIPMAN@aol.com 10/02/2000 08:50 PM 
 Joe:  Thanks for the invitation.  I would love to be there but unfortunately I can't make it.  Mark 
 Only the 3 slides on power point.  Mark 
 Does Rob want to meet on Oct 5?  If yes, I want to be done by 10:00.   Mark 
 Yes for the choice of law but not for jurisdiction.  We could agree to non-exclusive jurisdiction in Ohio.  Mark    James Grace@ENRON 10/03/2000 01:22 AM 
 It is ok with me.  Mark 
 The attached legal report summarizes current significant legal activities of ENA Legal as of September 15, 2000.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 I am ok with the seminar.  People may have figured out other ways like self study to get their ethics hours in.  Mark 
 FYI 
 No problem. 
 FYI 
 Dave:  This is for routine and "small" matters only.  The resolutions are drafted so that the signature authority is narrow and specific.   Frequency is only one factor.   An example would be certain defined right-of-way agreements and certain defined confirms.  I will review the authority that has been delegated currently.  [Julia and Deb, please pull the existing resolutions with delegation of authority and let's review.]    David W Delainey 10/09/2000 01:37 PM 
 Bonnie:  Thanks for your note.  I would be happy to meet with you and review opportunities.  Give my assistant a call.  Mark    Bonnie Nelson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 10/09/2000 12:55 PM 
 You are meeting with Bowen who has authority to hire.  Give me a call and we can talk through each of the people.  Take care.  Mark    LDLIPMAN@aol.com 10/12/2000 08:53 AM 
 Primary.  I think we should give an ultimatum to Cargill.  I could say that all Enron trading is to hedge risk too!  Mark 
 Please schedule this call.  Mark 
 Please give Michelle Cash a call or Karen Jones in Portland.     Mark    Eric Thode@ENRON 10/11/2000 02:44 PM 
 Set me up for a lunch or a Rockets game.  The tickets should be coming soon. Mark 
 Please handle.  Mark 
 Terry:  Greetings.  I have been reading about lliberalization of power markets in Japan starting next year.  I wondered if you expect IBJ or any of the other large financial institutions in Japan to make a market in power?  Would you or someone else you know want to talk about that?  Let me know.  Hope things are going well.  Take care.  Mark 
 In order to provide better oversight and control of ENA legal expenditures on large transactions, please continue to follow the procedures set forth below for transactions where outside legal fees and expenses are expected to exceed $25,000.00.  The purpose of these procedures is to (i) improve communication with counsel (inside and outside) on issues, fees and services and (ii) send price signals on legal costs (with respect to specific transactions) on a timely basis to the business units.  Every effort should be made to continue to provide high quality legal work that has become standard at ENA.  1.  A written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel.  The responsible business unit and the General Counsel shall review and approve such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial professional services.  2.  Our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by $25,000.00.  Such revised written estimate shall be reviewed and approved by the responsible business unit and the General Counsel or his/her designee before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial additional professional services.  3.  In order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be properly allocated to the various business units, a work order number should be obtained for each transaction.  Thank you for your cooperation.  If you have any questions or any other suggestions for controlling expenses, please call me at extension 36544. 
 Please update me on the issues.  Mark 
 Please schedule something either in my office or a lunch.  Whatever they prefer.  Mark 
 Mark Haedicke is available for the conference call on Thursday, October 19, at 1:30 p.m. Eastern time.  Please confirm what time you were able to convene the call.  Thank you. 
 This is a reminder that I need to approve all expense reports for all members of the OGC. 
 Effective immediately, any out of town travel not directly related to a work project needs to be approved in advance by me. 
 In Julia's absence from the office, I need you to prepare an Enron Industrial Monthly Legal Report for October and submit it to me as soon as possible. Attached is the ENW Monthly Legal Report to use as a guide.  The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted via e-mail to me by the 15th of each month. 
 Please prepare a Monthly Legal Report for your group for October and submit it to me as soon as possible.  Attached is the ENW Monthly Legal Report to use as a guide.  The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted to me via e-mail by the 15th of each month. 
 Please prepare an LNG Monthly Legal Report for October and submit it to me as soon as possible.  Attached is the ENW Monthly Legal Report to use as a guide.  The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted to me via e-mail by the 15th of each month. 
 I sent the e-mail below to our lawyers in ENA Legal.  In order to provide better oversight and control of ENA legal expenditures on large transactions, please continue to follow the procedures set forth below for transactions where outside legal fees and expenses are expected to exceed $25,000.00.  The purpose of these procedures is to (i) improve communication with counsel (inside and outside) on issues, fees and services and (ii) send price signals on legal costs (with respect to specific transactions) on a timely basis to the business units.  Every effort should be made to continue to provide high quality legal work that has become standard at ENA.  1.  A written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel.  The responsible business unit and the General Counsel shall review and approve such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial professional services.  2.  Our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by $25,000.00.  Such revised written estimate shall be reviewed and approved by the responsible business unit and the General Counsel or his/her designee before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial additional professional services.  3.  In order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be properly allocated to the various business units, a work order number should be obtained for each transaction.  Thank you for your cooperation.  If you have any questions or any other suggestions for controlling expenses, please call me at extension 36544. 
 Mary:  That is good news.  At the rate we are going, we will have enough energy companies before long to have substantial commodity committee meeting in North America.  I am still thinking about the breakfast in New York.  Take care.  Mark 
 Peter:  Please send these updates to Lance Schuler, Travis McCullough and me going forward.  Mark    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 10/13/2000 01:19 PM 
 Thanks.   Mark 
 Pete, the report is fine.  Go ahead and send it out to Frevert, McMahon, Bowen and Haedicke.  Thanks.  Mark    Peter del Vecchio 10/13/2000 03:53 PM 
 I want to get this started.  Let's get together at the time provided below. Mark 
 Do you know what this is about?   Mark 
 Mary: This is complicated for oil companies.  Mobil Exxon only does hedging.  Shell has at least two groups, with one doing mostly hedging and one doing mostly trading for profit.  BP Amoco is sort of in between.  It is very clear with respect to Cargill and El Paso and Shell -- each should be primary.  The companies may be trying to manipulate the rules by having the hedging organization send in the application. Let me know if you need other info.   Mark    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 10/16/2000 09:59 AM 
 It's ok to use Blakes given the conflicts.  On the structure, I will forward this message to Steven Douglas and ask for his advice.  Mark    Peter Keohane 10/16/2000 01:01 PM 
 Here are a few.  Take care.   Mark 
 I am fine with your recommendations except I see no need to have an outside director if not legally required.  Who would you recommend as filling that director position?  Mark    Peter Keohane Sent by: Nella Cappelletto 04/12/2000 12:03 PM 
 Rebecca:  This is the response I got back from my contact at IBJ.  Let me know if you would like to meet Terry.  Mark 
 FYI 
 You are the man!  I will be out of town on Dec 23 through 28 and March 11 through 18.      Mark    "Baird, Bob" <RBaird@velaw.com> 10/18/2000 02:57 PM 
 Paul:  The ISDA meeting is tentatively set for Jan 18.  So it may be possible for me to be there on the 21st.  As always, the schedule could change, but I would make every effort to be there.  Again, congratulations!  Mark    Paul Simons 10/18/2000 12:49 PM 
 It is ok.  Mark    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 10/17/2000 06:50 PM 
 Dave:  Based on our discussions this morning:  1.  Internal Costs -- a capacity charge will be determined for each wholesale business unit based on a time allocation matrix that each lawyer and paralegal prepares.  The time allocation matrix will be revised  during the year if material changes in the work occur.  2.  Outside Costs -- require internal sign-off by GC and COO to spend more than $10,000 on a potential transaction AND a written transaction budget for proposed outside legal expenses more than $10,000.  Wherever possible, a firm cap on legal fees should be negotiated.  A memorandum will be sent from the GC and [Chairman of the Wholesale Group?] laying out the procedure to all employees.  3.  Selection of Outside Lawyers -- expressly add billing rates and efficiency as key considerations, in addition to quality, in the selection of outside counsel.  [Dave, we need to complete our discussion on this point.] Our new policy needs to be reviewed with outside counsel.  4.  Reopener!  -- need to review where business changes significantly.    David W Delainey 10/19/2000 12:33 PM 
 Dave:  I have attached the "time allocations" (which are used for inside costs only) by attorney to the various business groups.  We can derive the percentage of total legal department inside costs from this chart, in order to calculate the capacity charge, for ENA and the other wholesale groups and ENW.  We had used this chart to bill back to the various business units within ENA, but we will stop doing that now per our conversation.  Are you in agreement?  Mark 
 Attached is our organizational chart which will be prettied up over time. 
 Sorry, here's the attachment. 
 I would like to do fewer resolutions authorizing non-vps to sign contracts, and when we need such authorizations, let's make sure the resolutions are appropriately limited.  My thoughts are as follows:  1.   We have a lot of vps that can sign contracts. 2.   It is generally ok to have confirmations signed by certain carefully selected directors since we are confirming a trade that already took place and there is master agreement already signed. 3.   There are certain very routine agreements like pipeline right-of-way agreements that are ok for carefully selected directors to sign. 4.   Confidentiality agreements should be signed by a vp. 5.   Any authorization for a director to sign should expire within not more than one year and revoke all prior authorizations.  Please give me your comments.  Mark 
 Keep me posted on this matter.  Mark 
 Terry, thanks for your reply.  As our thinking starts to mature, I would like to talk to you about what we see in the Japanese markets re energy.  Perhaps, we can talk in New York in November at the ISDA board meeting.  Take care. Mark 
 Bruce:  I am tied up for lunch, but let's get together during the day on Monday or Tuesday.   Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 10/20/2000 09:25 AM 
 It looks good to me.  How do we keep up with changes in a counterparty's business?  What if it no longer physically handles a particular commodity? Mark    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 10/17/2000 06:21 PM 
 Thanks.   Mark    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 10/20/2000 05:14 PM 
 I will be happy to help if I can.  What is the timing?   Mark    "Fruge, Ernest D." <EDFRUGE@txccc.org> 10/20/2000 03:31 PM 
 Thanks.  Mark    "Hibbert, Ann (CPS)" <Ann_hibbert@itc.co.harris.tx.us> 10/23/2000 12:35 PM 
 I had a brief conversation with Vicki about splitting the costs 50/50 on the legal side to be consistent with the business arrangement.  She asked to use the European operation as  a model.  At some point, Peter you should just give Vicki a call and talk it through.  Mark    Peter Keohane 10/23/2000 01:02 PM 
 Please delete me from the list.  Mark    Jaroslaw Ferenc 10/23/2000 04:50 AM 
 Could you please respond for me.   Mark 
 Is your new address working? 
 I am ok with it so long as you don't spend much time at it.  If there is a material time commitment or the company is competing head to head with Enron, then it would be a problem.  Mark    Randal Maffett 10/16/2000 02:10 PM 
 It looks good.  I am in the process of confirming.  Mark    Richard Grove <RGROVE@isda.org> 10/04/2000 10:23 AM 
 Dave and John:  I am rethinking the legal reports.  I am preparing a monthly trading and transactional summary, a litigation report and the TOP TEN legal risk report.  To me the last two are the most important.  On a conceptual basis, is that what you need or want to see?  Mark 
 Mike and Jeff:  I am rethinking the legal reports.  Alan and I am preparing a monthly trading and transactional summary, a litigation report and the TOP TEN legal risk report.  To me the last two are the most important.  On a conceptual basis, is that what you need or want to see?  Mark 
 Please start working on a top ten legal risks list.  I want to include that list for each of your companies (EGM, EIM and ENW) in the monthly report. This list should be in bullet format.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Mark 
 Per our conversation.   Mark 
 Please delete me from your e-mail list.  Mark    David Maxwell 10/25/2000 07:58 AM 
 Please delete me from your e-mail list.  Mark 
 Not yet, but I am told they plan to fund the additional 500,000.  Mark    James Grace@ENRON 10/24/2000 10:29 PM 
 Please see if you and/or AGC's in your respective groups can make time to participate.  I have always found it to be a very rewarding experience.  Let me know.   Mark 
 It was part of ECT, but it was sold.   Mark 
 The volume and complexity of our legal work has increased dramatically over the past few years.  I think this environment requires additional time to be devoted to legal planning and review in order to provide the best possible service to our clients.  Within the next month, I have asked Janette to schedule a Quarterly Legal Review for each group listed on our new organizational chart .  I  would envision that we would focus on the following:  review of the current monthly legal report and significant legal issues review of the top ten legal risks form contracts and other documentation projects legal budget legal resources, inside and outside performance metrics  In addition, I am proposing that any energy trading contract for a term longer than one year by initialled by an AGC or member of the OGC.  Let me know what you think about that.  Mark Haedicke 
 Why wouldn't we use the EEI form in Ontario?  The markets will be integrated, at least in part, into the US.  We could have an annex for Ontario.  We will be using the EEI form right across the border in the US.  Let 's chat about this. Regards, Mark    Peter Keohane 10/25/2000 08:58 AM 
 Effective today, there is a new legal review procedure for physical power contracts that are individually negotiated, with a term longer than one year.  Please notify me (Janette will maintain a list of contracts, counterparties and status) when drafting starts on such power contracts and provide me with a draft with sufficient time to make comments prior to closing.  My objective is to insure a consistent approach on these power contracts.  Thanks for your cooperation in this matter.  Please forward this memo on to the lawyers on your team.  Mark Haedicke 
 YES!    "Swanstrom, Bill" <BSwanstrom@lockeliddell.com> 10/26/2000 01:55 PM 
 Alan, I like your suggestions.  Please forward your e-mail to the rest of the ogc to facilitate discussion.  I would like to finalize this policy next week.  Mark    Alan Aronowitz 10/26/2000 01:42 PM 
 I want to have a pre-telephone conference with JoAnn on what we are going to present.   Let's spend one half hour.  Mark 
 Please add to the list as number three.    Mark 
 Sounds good.   Mark 
 Your memo was well done.  Mark 
 Keep this as a top priority!  Thanks.    Mark    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 10/26/2000 10:22 AM 
 Alan, please confirm that you have told Mike that it is required that Legal be consulted on such a waiver.  Mark 
 ISDA has confirmed January 18 as the date for the Board meeting in London. 
 fyi 
 ok    Elizabeth Sager 10/30/2000 12:02 PM 
 I will talk to Dave about this and get back to you.  Mark    Alan Aronowitz 10/28/2000 09:31 AM 
 I will see you for dinner.  Mark   I assume we are talking Nit Noi off of Kirby.  Mark    "Swanstrom, Bill" <BSwanstrom@lockeliddell.com> Sent by: "Ingram, Kay" <KIngram@lockeliddell.com> 10/31/2000 10:08 AM Please respond to "Swanstrom, Bill" 
 For your review.  Mark 
 I am ok with it.  Mark    Michael A Robison 10/31/2000 02:20 PM 
 Congrats on a job well done and a successful result.    Peter Keohane 11/01/2000 01:59 PM 
 Any particular legal issues on these deals?  Mark 
 fyi 
 This is great news!  Let's make the most of this opportunity.  Thanks,   Mark 
 Great job!  The english language will dominate the energy world!   Mark 
 Please handle.  4 breakout rooms is a safe number.  Mark 
 I appreciate the extra work.  Thanks.   Mark    Greg Johnston 11/02/2000 04:43 PM 
 Travis McCullough, Richard Sanders and Michelle Cash.  I am still thinking about a couple more.  I probably need a few weeks to finalize.  Thanks.  Mark    Rob Walls@ENRON 11/02/2000 03:30 PM 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Mark    Steven J Kean@ENRON 11/01/2000 03:43 PM 
 Elizabeth and Christian:  Please brief me on what impact you believe the FERC proposed order could have on our contracts.  Mark 
 I was not aware of this.  I will investigate.  Thanks.    Rick Buy 11/01/2000 01:13 PM 
 We want the letter on Doyle and New Albany ASAP.  Is there any reason we would not do the joint defense agreement.  Mark    "Al Kimball" <akimball@bracepatt.com> 10/27/2000 02:08 PM 
 These look fine.  Have them printed off for me to sign.  Mark 
 I think this is a detrimental reliance case or fraud.  I want to be aggressive on this.  Richard, please let me know what theory is best.  Do we have counsel for Washington?  Mark    Christian Yoder 10/27/2000 12:15 PM 
 Thanks.   Mark    Jordan Mintz 10/27/2000 11:44 AM 
 I think it is a good experience.  Thanks.  Mark    Travis McCullough 10/25/2000 03:06 PM 
 Mark: for your info.  Mark Haedicke 
 Peter:  I asked Mark T to give you a call.  Legal questions on the financial confirms should be handled in Canada as the first option and secondly go to Houston. Please talk it through with Mark T to make sure that all works.  Should you and Mark T talk it through with the confirm desk in Canada to make sure it is clear?  Regards,  Mark Haedicke    Sharon Crawford 11/06/2000 10:17 AM 
 No 
 Thanks for the offer!  I think I am all set.  Mark    SKramer@milbank.com 11/06/2000 09:43 AM 
 Please see comments below.  Mark 
 The top ten legal risk report for EGM is new.  It should help focus attention on the most significant legal risks.  Mark    Jeffrey A Shankman 10/23/2000 05:32 PM 
 Fyi.  Does this impact on us?   Mark 
 Richard, please review and comment asap.  Mark 
 Dave:  I have prepared a first draft of a letter for your review.   Let me know if you want to make changes.  Regards,  Mark 
 Elyse:  I like the first one a lot.  Could we do it for this Christmas?  I would hate to wait a whole year.  I also think the last one is a good idea.  Let me know what I can do to help.  Mark    Elyse Kalmans@ENRON 11/07/2000 04:10 PM 
 I think you pose an interesting legal issue.  I believe there is caselaw on this in the states.  We have a variation on this in some agreements in that if exposure exceeds x, then collateral must be posted.  I will be interested in the responses you get.  Regards,  Mark    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 11/07/2000 04:17 PM 
 Pursuant to our discussions, attached is the Top Legal Risks report for ENA. 
 Janette 
 I am glad you enjoyed the game!  Please coordinate with Janette.  Mark    John Viverito@ENRON 11/08/2000 09:11 AM 
 Phillippe:  Please convey to your people how important it is that they=20 monitor compliance with this policy and let me know about any violations. = =20 Mark 
 It looks fine.  Mark    Michelle Cash Sent by: Twanda Sweet 11/08/2000 02:58 PM 
 FYI 
 See if you can fit her in.  Mark 
 I am still working on a Spanish speaking trading lawyer.  One should be available by December 15.    Mark    Jaime Williams@ENRON 11/07/2000 06:32 PM 
 I think we need to watch this.  Mark    Alan Aronowitz 11/09/2000 09:10 AM 
 Jon:  Thanks!  I will be in London for the ISDA meeting in mid-January.  See you then!  Regards,  Mark    Jon Chapman 11/09/2000 03:18 AM 
 Thanks Gareth!  Hope things are going well.  Mark 
 Thanks Bob!   Mark    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 11/07/2000 11:29 AM 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of October 15, 2000.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Many of you have received requests for feedback through the Performance Evaluation Program ("PEP") system.  This feedback is used by the Performance Review Committee in conducting its evaluations and also is used in preparing the written performance reviews.  Please take the time to complete the forms and provide candid, accurate feedback when it is requested.  The deadline for completing evaluation forms is November 17th.   Mark Haedicke and Michelle Cash 
 Please register me for the flu vaccine.  My cost center is 105655 and my company number is 413.  My extension is 36544.  Thank you. 
 Jordan:  Travis is going to give you a call about keeping up to speed on some of the year end deals.  Would it make sense for Travis or someone else to attend any of your staff meetings?  Or maybe you could attend ours or both. Let me know what you think.  Mark    Jordan Mintz Sent by: Darlene C Forsyth 11/15/2000 07:27 PM 
 Paul:=20  Is this resolved?  Let me know if we need to discuss further.  Mark 
 Sheila Tweed or Dale Rasmussen.  Mark 
 Mark:  I think the "Welcome" is great and have no changes.  Janette is sending you the org chart I want to use. Thanks!  Mark Haedicke    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 11/21/2000 08:03 AM 
 Thanks Bob.   Mark    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 11/20/2000 06:13 PM 
 Thanks Jordan.  Mark    Jordan Mintz 11/20/2000 02:55 PM 
 Please print out and put in my QLR binder.  Mark 
 no problema    Jeffrey T Hodge 11/20/2000 09:46 AM 
 Please review and give me your brief thoughts on this.  Mark 
 Thanks Bruce.  Have a great Thanksgiving!  Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Sent by: Wendi Hoelscher@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/21/2000 12:49 PM 
 Please see the review below, which I agree with.  Mark Greenberg is my elaw= =20 expert.  Mark 
 Thanks for the chart.  Let's get together next Monday and talk through.  Regards,  Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Sent by: Wendi Hoelscher@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/21/2000 03:43 PM 
 John:  I would like to go over the work your firm is doing for us.  I will ask my assistant to give you a call and set up a meeting.  Happy Thanksgiving!  Mark    "Keffer, John" <JKeffer@KSLAW.com> 11/22/2000 11:09 AM 
 Let's try again in two weeks.  Mark 
 Peter:  I think your collective e-mails constitute the legal risk memo.  What do you think the legal risk rating ought to be?  Regards,  Mark    Peter Keohane 11/22/2000 10:28 AM 
 FYI 
 Please review this memo and leave me a voice mail on the status.  Are we making changes suggested by our Mexican lawyers?  Mark 
 Travis, please look into this per my voice mail and get back to both me and Rick.  Mark 
 I am very interested in Steve and think we could use him in addition to Shari.  The only problem is that I agreed that I would not try to recruit him so the firm would agree to let us second him.  We just need to proceed slowly with him and hopefully it will work out to our benefit.  Regards,  Mark    Tim Belden 11/17/2000 12:05 PM 
 Please respond back with a date.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I approve the request for a CPN for Al Larsen. 
 Yes, go ahead and remove it.  Mark    Tim Belden 11/22/2000 12:50 PM 
 Jeff, will you coordinate with Peter for the legal PRC in getting all the info on the Cd lawyers so you and I can represent them at the PRC. 
 So far, I think EWS will be an unincorporated business unit.   Mark    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 11/27/2000 12:00 PM 
 Making progress in energy!    Mark 
 The  person I had in mind was Fransisco Pinto-Lite.  He is unwinding from his old obligations.  I will work on an update.   Mark    Barbara N Gray 11/27/2000 04:54 PM 
 John:  That is fine with me.  See you then.   Mark    "Keffer, John" <JKeffer@KSLAW.com> 11/27/2000 03:14 PM 
 I need your list of accomplishments (five to ten items) for calendar year 2000 by the close of business next Tuesday, December 5.  Thank you. 
 At the last minute I could not go either.  Hope things are going well.  Mark    "Mogel, William" <WMogel@ssd.com> 11/27/2000 02:06 PM 
 Yes, renew my subscription.      Stephanie E Taylor 11/29/2000 01:19 PM 
 Randy:  You make some great points.  We need to sit down and talk about this further.  An org memo is going out today, but it does not address South America.  I will give you a call.  Regards,  Mark 
 What is the status of our discussions with Carlos?   Mark 
 Thanks.  It was very helpful.  Mark    John Novak@ENRON 12/04/2000 11:49 AM 
 Attached is the revised org chart. 
 Are there year-end deals?  If yes, how will they be covered?  Let me know. Thanks.   Mark    John Novak@ENRON 12/06/2000 11:41 AM 
 Martin:  Thanks for the update!  It looks like great progress in being made.  Mark 
 Janice:  Would you please follow up on this with Bill McCoy.  Mark 
 fyi 
 The Legal Committee meeting normally held every other Monday in conjunction with the OGC meeting will not be held for approximately two months.  The OGC meetings will continue every Monday morning as usual beginning 8:30 am Central time.  You will be notified when the Legal Committee meetings resume.  Thank you. 
 I am on the Board of BEAR and sponsoring this effort.  Please let Janette= =20 Elbertson know by e-mail if you are interested in donating your time to hel= p=20 staff the table in the lobby on Monday, December 18, from 10 a.m. to 2:00 p= .m.  Thank you. =20 Help CPS Kids! Enron, KRBE and Sun and Ski Sports are collecting donations for Children=01= ,s=20 Protective Services Be A Resource (BEAR) Program to purchase gifts this=20 holiday season. Make your donation and receive a $10-off coupon for Sun and= =20 Ski Sports.  Donations will be accepted in the Enron Building Lobby - Tuesday, December= =20 12, Thursday, December 14 and Monday, December 18 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. or= =20 in EB407.  KRBE Morning Show LIVE in Antioch Park Come out and show your support for the CPS BEAR collection Monday, December= =20 18 when the 104 KRBE morning show=01,s Streets of America comes to Antioch = Park.=20 See you there from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. 
 Is it really necessary to coordinate everything through ENW?  I am not sure people will do that?  I think ENW should be informed but not be in control of the registration.  Have the ENW people requested that they be in charge of this process?  Will they care if we change it?    Leslie Hansen 12/12/2000 02:14 PM 
 Let me know what the outcome of the meeting is.  Thanks.  Mark    Peter Keohane 12/12/2000 12:10 PM 
 I think it is great!  When is the best time for me to make my contribution? On the radio show or before?    Laura Schwartz@ENRON 12/11/2000 04:07 PM 
 I appreciate your support.  Sounds like progress is being made on the deal.= =20 Thanks for all the hard work!  Mark 
 Please schedule a meeting for Dan Fournier and David Jackson with Jim Derrick and me in Houston over the next couple of months.  We will probably first meet in Jim's office and then go to lunch.  Mark 
 Jane:  ISDA is planning an energy seminar in Tokyo in mid-May.  We have heard there may be an energy seminar in March or April in Tokyo.  Have you heard of the earlier seminar?  We are trying to decide whether it makes sense to go forward on the May seminar.  Could you look into this and talk to the traders.  Thanks for your help.  Regards,  Mark 
 Today, I talked to the GC of both Southern and Duke.  Each GC said they were not really up to speed on the issues.  I took the opportunity to walk them through the Nerc letter and the action taken at the Serc board meeting.  They each attempted to argue our fight was really with TVA.  Mark 
 Looks good to me.  Mark    Rob Walls@ENRON 12/07/2000 01:50 PM 
 no problema    Jeffrey T Hodge 12/08/2000 04:00 PM 
 fyi 
 Eric:  I have talked to Alan Aronowitz about this as well.  You need more resources immediately from inside.  We will also have to recruit outside to get enough resources as the business grows.  Regards,  Mark    Eric Gonzales 12/06/2000 04:45 AM 
 It sounds premature at this time for ISDA to put on an energy seminar in Japan.  Do you agree?   Mark    Jane McBride@ENRON 12/13/2000 02:26 AM 
 I am hearing that it may be premature to do an ISDA energy conference in Tokyo because almost all the products being discussed so far are physical. What do you think?  Mark 
 Here is the memo I mentioned in our meeting today.  Let me know if there are other items we should put on the list.  Thanks.   Mark 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of November 15, 2000.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Jim:  The draft memo on power is attached.  Lots more work to do.  Let me know if you want to discuss further.  Mark 
 I do not think so.  I think he will be at Enron until he is 65.   Mark    Jane McBride@ENRON 12/14/2000 04:42 AM 
 Kristin: Kevin is very concerned with this charge.  Why is litigation now being billed up front?  Why is there a 50% increase in corporate legal?  Why is there a 100% increase in corporate secretary?  Why are we billed for the library when we use primarily electronic sources?  Could you please work on the answers to these questions and get back to me.  Mark 
 John:  I have not seen the legal opinion yet from Brazilian counsel [Dr. Pinto] on our dollar indexing issue.  Please forward to me so I can review the opinion and get final approval for the deal.  Regards,  Mark 
 I would not want to move forward with either unless you are a "sponsor" and believe such tools would clearly add value immediately.   Mark    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 12/13/2000 11:10 PM 
 fyi 
 We are coming in on the 22, Friday and will be leaving on the 27.   Good luck on the job!  Look forward to seeing you soon.   Mark    LDLIPMAN@aol.com 12/13/2000 09:04 AM 
 Bruce:  I think your suggestion makes sense.  An e-mail or voicemail on major developments as they occur would be helpful.  Thanks,   Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 12/13/2000 06:01 AM 
 ok 
 Jim:  I am confused.  LeBeouf wanted to represent ENA and EES and Reliant never came up in the conversations.  We picked Brobeck and it was painful for LeBoeuf.  I think there must be some additional facts relative to New Power.  Regards,  Mark    James Derrick@ENRON 12/15/2000 06:01 PM 
 Great job!    Mark    Chris Long@ENRON 12/16/2000 10:16 AM 
 Please schedule.  Mark 
 please schedule 
 Thanks for the update.  Keep spending time getting advice from Barbara.  Mark 
 I am confirming.  Mark 
 Please review the attached hypos and give me comments.  How do I make 2 and 3 better?  What other hypos should I add?  Maybe one geared more toward Alberta?  Mark 
 Peter:  I have attached my work in progress to give you an idea of what I am looking for.  Regards,  Mark 
 As a follow up to our meeting with the traders last week about litigation risks,  I have drafted the attached hypos (so far) for discussion about legal risks in the changing landscape.  Let me know if you have any comments. 
 My accomplishments for the year 2000 include the following:  1.    EEI Form Master Power Contract -- ENA Legal led the industry development of the first master power contract.  The form is rapidly becoming the industry standard for North America and in the process dramatically lowering costs and increasing liquidity.  In October, we put an EEI into place with PG&E with the result that Enron credit exposure is $50,000,000 less than under the prior contract.  2.    New Legal Risk Rating Methodology -- implemented a legal rating system which simplifies the review of legal risks and makes it much easier to determine whether or not we are being appropriately compensated for the legal risks.  3.    EWS Legal Website for Training -- website has gone live for training regarding all major EWS legal issues.  This website will reduce training costs and increase availability of training to all employees.  4.    Developing New Businesses -- integral part of developing and structuring Enron Online, bandwidth trading, equity trading, Clickpaper.com, insurance, pulp, coal, Japan and Australia.  5.     Litigation Settlements -- many disputes were settled favorably including Fort James, California Px, TVA and BPA.  6.    Deal Machine Never Stops -- projects having lots of complex legal issues cutting across multiple disciplines including MG Metals, Las Vegas Cogen II, Pastoria, sale of the Peakers, sale of HPL, Electrobolt, JV with Texaco (Bridgeline), posting agreements for Enron Online, East Coast Power, QF restructurings like Motown, Project Summer (sale of international assets) and on and on.  7.    Deregulation of Energy Trading -- ENA legal formed an energy coalition and worked through ISDA and our Washington office to pass legislation to significantly reduce CFTC oversight of ENA's trading business.  8.    Management -- built a deal-oriented team that understands the underlying businesses and is working to share the legal technology across Enron. 
 Thanks so much for your help on the BEARing gifts program!  It is a great cause and your help will make Christmas a lot happier for a lot of kids who really have very difficult lives.  Most have never received anything new. Have a great holiday season!  Mark Haedicke 
 Thanks.  Have a great Christmas!   Mark    Angela Davis@ENRON 12/20/2000 10:53 AM 
 David:  My first choice would be Dec 29 and second, Jan 3.  Let me know, I will need to schedule the time.  Regards,  Mark    David Love-Dallas <DLove@russellreynolds.com> 12/20/2000 09:59 AM 
 I would try talking to Jenny Rub. She can refer you to the right person. Mark    Gail Brownfeld@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 12/20/2000 08:19 AM 
 Yes, through Thursday.  Mark    Richard Lydecker@ENRON 12/19/2000 03:38 PM 
 fyi 
 Please do not send me these messages as I do not have time to read them. Mark 
 Mark:  Should we get Cheryl Nelson to start getting up to speed on some of= =20 the transportation and shipping issues?  Let me know.  Mark Haedicke 
 Please make the changes marked by Sager.   Mark 
 I will plan on 10:00 am to noon in your Houston offices on Dec 29 unless I hear otherwise from you.  Thanks, Mark    David Love-Dallas <DLove@russellreynolds.com> 12/20/2000 03:31 PM 
 For you to add the wire instructions which are in my out box.  Mark 
 I don't know what subscription she is talking about.  Please handle.  Mark 
 I am trying to change my schedule, but so far I have a conflict for the dinner in London.   Mark    Cynthia Richards <CRICHARDS@isda.org> 12/28/2000 11:40 AM 
 Please talk to Frank and let me know how we should approach Coralina.  Have a happy new year!   Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 12/29/2000 12:00 PM 
 Please review and give me your comments on the attached proposal re adopting a standard from 1 to 10 on legal risk ratings.  I am most concerned that the proposal works for our international transactions.  Let me know.  I would like to roll this out sometime in January.  Regards,  Mark 
 Rob, I am still waiting for the first run of the numbers for legal.  I will keep you posted.  Mark    Rob Milnthorp 01/03/2001 10:40 AM 
 yes 
 Please do not send me the reports anymore as I do not have time to read them.  Mark 
 On the commodity side of our business, there is a long list of lawsuits on commodity prices in CA.  This may be a committee discussion item.  Mark    Richard Grove <RGROVE@isda.org> 01/02/2001 03:39 PM 
 fyi 
 I propose that we continue to alternate the Office of General Counsel ("OGC") and Legal Committee ("LC") meetings of Enron Wholesale Services on Monday mornings at 8:30 am, Houston time.  The OGC and the LC would have the following members:  OGC     LC Alan Aronowitz     OGC Mark Evans     Justin Boyd Barbara Gray     Michelle Cash Jeff Hodge     Steven Douglas Bruce Lundstrom    Peter Keohane Travis McCullough    John Novak Julia Murray     [Marcus Von Bock und Polach?] Elizabeth Sager     Dan Rogers Richard Sanders    Paul Simons Lance Schuler Mark Taylor Sheila Tweed Randy Young  Please give me your comments.  It is anticipated that we will continue to adjust the membership of both groups as the businesses continue to change.  I plan to address the policy committee in February. 
 The intent is that the higher the rating, the higher the legal risk.  I believe the jurisdictional risk is a key factor in creating legal issues even if none exist at the time the deal is done.  Does that make sense?  Stuart should be on the LC.  Randy is the GC of South America.  Mark    Lance Schuler-Legal 01/04/2001 04:50 PM 
 Thanks for your comments.  I think it would be a good idea to have Jon on as well.  I will add Jon and Marcus to the list.  Please let them know as appropriate.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke    Mark Evans 01/04/2001 01:45 PM 
 Please review and give your thoughts to me and Randy.   Mark 
 Why should we hold them harmless on environmental if they get their money out?  We would only want to provide an ENA indemnity if necessary.  I have asked Lisa to look at this.  Mark    Randal Maffett 01/04/2001 01:13 PM 
 I think the cut is going to be that a person runs a group.  Mark    Alan Aronowitz 01/04/2001 12:18 PM 
 I agree with your reasoning.  Mark    Christian Yoder 01/04/2001 03:37 PM 
 Please stop sending the newsletter to me.  Mark 
 Chris:  I would like to be kept up to date on who the potential candidates are.  We are planning on inviting Newsome to speak at our ISDA conference in March.  Thanks,  Mark    Chris Long@ENRON 01/08/2001 09:14 AM 
 Thanks for the update.  Good luck in NY.   Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/08/2001 08:56 AM 
 There will be an OGC meeting this afternoon from 1:30 to 2:30 PM in EB38C2 regarding PRC matters.  Please plan to attend. 
 There will be an OGC meeting this afternoon from 5:00-5:30 PM in EB38C2 regarding PRC matters.  Please plan to attend. 
 What would you propose?  I am open to whatever makes sense.  Should we ask him to move to Sao Paulo?     Mark    Randy Young@ENRON 01/09/2001 06:07 AM 
 Why wouldn't Dan see Johan's number?   Mark    Angela Ernest@EES 01/08/2001 08:44 AM 
 Thanks for the update.  Sounds like things are coming together.  Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/06/2001 10:09 AM 
 Randy.  What do other multinationals operating in Brazil do?  JP Morgan or Citibank?   Mark    Randy Young@ENRON 01/10/2001 06:49 AM 
 Mark:  Please handle.  Should Greenberg work on this?   Mark 
 fyi 
 I would like to sit in from 230 to 300.  Thanks.  Mark 
 I appreciate you making the trip to Houston.  Mark    "DAN FOURNIER" <dan.fournier@blakes.com> 01/04/2001 09:22 AM 
 I never heard of the company.  Mark    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 01/10/2001 04:43 PM 
 In reviewing the contracts, so far I have the following questions:  1.     Have Oman LNG and ADgas taken the risk of non-performance by DPC and indirectly MSEB without any credit support?  The only security is the equity in DPC?  Are such contracts typically secured or done with a buyer with deep pockets?  How much value was put into DPC by the shareholders?  2.     Are there local public policy issues that could be addressed by local courts with respect to the LNG contracts?  Fraud?  Bribery?  Are there any local law issues with respect to performance or interpretation of the contracts?  Isn't take-or-pay meaningless without credit support?  3.     What are the arguments for DPC to terminate the contracts?  Only where the PPA is terminated?  Payments?  4.    Who negotiated the contracts?  Were there requests for credit support? From Enron?  Did Enron ever promise to indirectly "backstop" the contracts by its investment in Dabhol?  5.   What was the discussion regarding the "reduction in operational capability" language in the contracts?  What was the language meant to cover?  Do we need our counterparty's approval to investigate other markets?  6.   Is there any argument that DPC has already breached the contracts? Could our counterparties issue a press release claiming damages over the entire term of the contract? Confidentiality and press releases? 
 In reviewing the contracts, so far I have the following questions:  1.     Have Oman LNG and ADgas taken the risk of non-performance by DPC and indirectly MSEB without any credit support?  The only security is the equity in DPC?  Are such contracts typically secured or done with a buyer with deep pockets?  How much value was put into DPC by the shareholders?  2.     Are there local public policy issues that could be addressed by local courts with respect to the LNG contracts?  Fraud?  Bribery?  Are there any local law issues with respect to performance or interpretation of the contracts?  Isn't take-or-pay meaningless without credit support?  3.     What are the arguments for DPC to terminate the contracts?  Only where the PPA is terminated?  Payments?  4.    Who negotiated the contracts?  Were there requests for credit support? From Enron?  Did Enron ever promise to indirectly "backstop" the contracts by its investment in Dabhol?  5.   What was the discussion regarding the "reduction in operational capability" language in the contracts?  What was the language meant to cover?  Do we need our counterparty's approval to investigate other markets?  6.    Is there any argument that DPC has already breached the contracts? Could our counterparties issue a press release claiming damages over the entire term of the contract? Confidentiality and press releases?  7.    What is the law on piercing the corporate veil for an Indian company like DPC?  Could this issue be considered separate from the contract and be litigated in India or Oman and thus outside the arbitration?  8.     What is the list of all documents that could impact on whether or not Enron has any exposure under the LNG contracts?  9.     Are there instances where the Dabhol project could fail and the LNG contracts would not novate to MSEB?  Why does it matter if the LNG contract obligations novate to MSEB if DPC has no money?  10.   Other potential claims against Enron if the LNG contracts are terminated or not performed? 
 Please give Christian a call on this and make sure you are satisfied we not taking too great a risk.  Mark 
 Please find attached my draft summary relative to the above contracts.  Let me know if you have any corrections.  Mark Haedicke 
 I was convinced otherwise by Randy.    Janette Elbertson 01/16/2001 10:36 AM 
 You are welcome.  Take care.  Mark    Peter Keohane 01/16/2001 10:34 AM 
 Mark:  I am still coming to London, but for a very short time.  I would like to get together either in London on a future trip or in Houston.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke    Mark.Harding@CliffordChance.com 01/15/2001 08:39 AM 
 Please coordinate with Jane on this.  Mark 
 This is about a trip to Brazil.  She asked me to pay the $6000 in expenses. Do you see any rationale to pay for this?  Mark 
 Jane:  I have asked Mark Taylor to coordinate with you on this matter.  Regards,  Mark    Jane McBride@ENRON 01/14/2001 06:55 PM 
 Please send on the Cheryl Nelson.   Mark 
  Thanks for the update.  Mark    Andrew Edison@ENRON 01/11/2001 05:07 PM 
 Elizabeth:  Please review this confirm.  Mark 
 Sami:  Thanks for the update.  Mark    Sami Arap@ENRON 01/17/2001 12:12 PM 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of December 15, 2000.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Dan:  I would like to understand your business strategy.  I am asking my assistant to work out a time.  Mark    Daniel Reck 01/29/2001 09:55 AM 
 Elizabeth:  Are you ok with it?   Mark 
 What is the status of your looking at the LNG contract issues?   Mark    Andrew Edison@ENRON 01/26/2001 05:14 PM 
 Please set the meeting up with Alan, Dan and me.  Mark    Andrew Edison@ENRON 01/29/2001 01:38 PM 
 Thanks for the heads up!  Mark 
 Great job!  I don't have any changes.  Thanks.  Mark    Laura Schwartz@ENRON 01/29/2001 11:18 AM 
 Great job!  Thanks.  Mark    Mary Clark@ENRON 01/29/2001 02:46 PM 
 Dad:  The name I have is Dr. Vinberg.  He is a therapist in Houston and is in his 80s.  I talked to him today and I thought he seemed good.  He recommended that we meet for two hours on one day and schedule some time the next day if it is productive.  His number is 713-622-1441.  He charges $150 per hour and I will pick that up as you would be incurring expenses to come to Houston. Give him a call and see if he is acceptable to you.  If he is, I will propose dates and we can see if they work for everyone.  Love,  Mark 
 I have asked Dan Lyons to give you a call on this.  Mark    Greg Johnston 01/29/2001 05:36 PM 
 Dan:  I think you should add a sentence that you will continue to be directly involved in LNG matters including the contracts for Dabhol and that addtional resources are being developed in London both inside and outside.  Mark    Daniel R Rogers@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/30/2001 04:23 PM 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of January 15, 2001.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Mark:  Thanks for the info.  I had a great time at the football game!  I think you will like Dubai.  It has some great restaurants.  Regards,  Mark    Mark Evans 02/02/2001 09:54 AM 
 Jane:  Thanks for the update.  It is very important for our traders to understand the documentation challenges.  Mark    Jane McBride@ENRON 02/02/2001 12:16 AM 
 Janette:  Please make contact with the gem broker below and set a time where I can meet him and look at some topaz, emeralds and opals.  I want to look at loose stones.  I may need to talk to him before I go.  Mark 
 Frank:  I am not in favor of this promotion.  I think in the new environment that it could be negative for him.  Let's talk about it.  Mark    Frank Sayre@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/05/2001 09:36 AM 
 I would suggest Dan Lyons from ENA Legal for Vision and Values.  Mark 
 Alan:  This makes sense to me.  Please get with John or send your e-mail to him and see if this matter can be resolved quickly.  Mark    Alan Aronowitz 02/04/2001 10:58 AM 
 J: yes.  Mark 
 Janette:  Schedule some time for me to go to this gallery.  Maybe early Wednesday afternoon.  Mark 
 Thanks.  I want to go to the gallery.  Mark    Randy Young@ENRON 02/02/2001 06:37 PM 
 Bryan: Bob's number is 212-332-2554.  Let me know your impressions after the meeting.  Mark    Bryan Seyfried 02/08/2001 11:08 AM 
 The agenda of the ISDA conference that Greg is the keynote speaker at is attached.  Mark 
 Travis 
 I would love to do that but I have a commitment on Saturday night in Houston.  Thanks for looking into it for me.  Next time.  See you next week. Mark    Sami Arap@ENRON 02/09/2001 05:31 AM 
 Matt:  Congratulations on your wedding plans!  I am sorry I cannot make it! Mark    Matthias Lee 02/08/2001 07:31 PM 
 Mr. Fournier:  This is Janette Elbertson, Mark Haedicke's Assistant.  I spoke with your assistant this morning and this meeting has been rescheduled for Thursday, March 1, at 11:30 am in Jim Derrick's office.  Lunch is scheduled after the meeting if that meets your schedule.  Mark Haedicke is traveling this week.  I will call your e-mail to his attention upon his return on Friday.      "DAN FOURNIER" <dan.fournier@blakes.com> 02/09/2001 09:42 AM 
 I think it must be in Moran's area.   Mark 
 Mina:  Mark Haedicke does not have his lap top computer with him so he probably has not seen this e-mail.  Janette Elbertson     Mina Miyakawa@ENRON 02/13/2001 03:40 PM 
 Does it still make sense to have these meetings anymore?  Maybe just sit in on Novak's meeting.   Mark Haedicke 
 Hopefully when we recruit for other areas, like LNG and the like, we will pick up a lawyer with some shipping experience.  It seems like overkill to recruit just for shipping.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke    Mark Evans 02/14/2001 05:28 PM 
 I am not sure why that is.  Non-trading work is off a little so maybe that is it.  Be sure to touch base with Lance Schuler about the work he sees coming up.   I am happy to talk about it.  Mark    "Swanstrom, Bill" <BSwanstrom@lockeliddell.com> 02/15/2001 10:45 PM 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 Please keep Lance Schuler and me up to speed on these issues.  Thanks.  Mark Haedicke 
 Below are Mark Haedicke's revisions to the announcement.   The purpose of this memo is to share with you the new We are pleased to announce organizational changes that have been implemented in to the Enron South America legal department in response to the recent reorganization and realignment of the principal Enron Wholesale Services business units operating in the region, Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets.  Randy Young, currently General Counsel of ESA, will be assuming new responsibilities within Enron.  Replacing him will be John Novak, who will become General Counsel of ESA, reporting to Mark Haedicke.  The ESA legal department will be responsible for supporting all Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets businesses in the region.  Additional legal resources, coordinated by Lance Schuler, will be provided from EWS - Legal in Houston to support ESA's wholesale activities.  John will also work closely with Bruce Lundstrom, General Counsel of EGA, to coordinate legal support with respect to the EGA businesses in the region.  An organizational chart describing the new structure is attached.  We believe This new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality legal support across business lines within South America while improving coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's existing operating businesses, as well as the new business development initiatives under way in the region.        John Novak@ENRON 02/16/2001 02:02 PM 
 Thanks.  I put the risk at a 2.  Mark    Dale Rasmussen 02/16/2001 03:17 PM 
 Yes, send a resume to Julia Murray.  Mark    Eric Thode@ENRON 02/13/2001 03:43 PM 
 What do you think of the letter?    Mark 
 fyi 
 Wow!  Things can change quickly.  Thanks.  Mark    Rob Walls@ENRON 02/20/2001 04:46 PM 
 I am available as a last resort.  I have asked Alan Aronowitz who is the GC of Enron Global Markets to make a presentation.  I will let you know.   Mark    "Liz O'Sullivan" <LOSULLIVAN@isda.org> 02/20/2001 11:36 AM 
 Thanks for pointing that out.  Mark    Edmund Cooper 02/21/2001 12:23 PM 
 Congratulations!   Mark Haedicke    Michael Guerriero@ENRON 02/21/2001 11:43 AM 
 J: include this org chart with the memo.  Mark 
 Let's send it out today.  Mark 
 Rob:  How can we get some relief on this issue?  Should we set up a call with Peter and me?  There really is an earnings impact.   Let me know.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke 
 It's ok with me.  Mark    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 02/19/2001 01:35 PM 
 Congrats!  Things seem to be building rapidly now on the Continent.  Mark 
 You would need to start out in the associate program.  Good luck.  Mark 
 No need to do a risk memo if the legal risk rating would be a 1.  Is that what this one would be?  Mark 
 The report is well done.  For my purposes it could be much shorter -- really in a bullet list format.  Thanks.  Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/15/2001 03:34 PM 
 John:  What is the status on this?  I now have Eddie Daniels dedicated full time to Cuiba.  Hopefully that will help you some.  Regards,  Mark 
 Rex:  We are trying to make this as limited as possible.  Can you define specifically what requires an exception?  I am the signoff for the wholesale group, but it makes sense to be consistent across Enron.  Regards,  Mark    Sharon Morgan/ENRON@enronXgate 02/13/2001 11:11 AM 
 We are pleased to announce organizational changes to the Enron South America legal department in response to the recent reorganization and realignment of the principal Enron Wholesale Services business units operating in the region, Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets.  Randy Young, currently General Counsel of ESA, will be assuming new responsibilities within Enron.  John Novak will become General Counsel of ESA, reporting to Mark Haedicke.  The ESA legal department will be responsible for supporting all Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets businesses in the region.  Additional legal resources, coordinated by Lance Schuler, will be provided from EWS Legal in Houston to support ESA's wholesale activities.  John will also work closely with Bruce Lundstrom, General Counsel of EGA, to coordinate legal support with respect to the EGA businesses in the region.  An organizational chart describing the new structure is attached.  This new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality legal support across business lines within South America while improving coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's existing operating businesses, as well as the new business development initiatives under way in the region. 
 Rob:  Thanks.  I will ask Janette to set up a call for you, me and Peter on the guarantees.  Mark    Rob Walls/ENRON@enronXgate 02/21/2001 04:27 PM 
 I am happy to meet with them.  We will want them to meet Jim Derrick as well.  Mark    Peter Keohane 02/12/2001 02:39 PM 
 Yes. They are a great company to get in ISDA.  Mark    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 02/09/2001 02:02 PM 
 No problem.  Mark    James Derrick/ENRON@enronXgate 02/23/2001 03:03 PM 
 I am only aware of the Edison Institute effort which is a physical power contract.  I think he was probably mistaken.  Mark 
 Sylvia:  I think there should be a cost center for each of ENA, EGM, EIM, ESA and EGA, which tracks the org chart of people reporting directly to me.  Deb Korkmas can help you with the proper account numbers.  Mark    Sylvia Hu/ENRON@enronXgate 02/23/2001 09:08 AM 
 found it.  Mark    Stuart Zisman 02/23/2001 04:17 PM 
 I am taking steps to retain the lawyers we have and supplement with more Brazilian lawyers and lawyers in Houston.  Big challenge to get all the work done.  Mark    Remi Collonges@ENRON 02/22/2001 04:46 PM 
 Yes, I will go to this dinner.  I do need to leave on Tuesday at about 1:00 pm.  Mark 
 Yes, for the time being until we get someone in Alan's group.  Mark    Jordan Mintz/ENRON@enronXgate 02/22/2001 09:18 AM 
 How did it turn out with Francisco?    Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/21/2001 05:38 PM 
 Jim:  Here is the background of the "dispute" with Blakes.  There is a lot of emotion on both sides.  I believe we need Blakes on a going forward basis in Canada.  Mark Haedicke 
 I think it is a good opportunity to promote standardized contracts.  Mark    Ruth Ainslie <RAinslie@isda.org> 02/10/2001 05:07 PM 
 Bob:  The person to ask would be Mark Evans in London.  Let's get together for lunch sometime when you are in Houston.  Mark    "Baird, Bob" <RBaird@velaw.com> 02/09/2001 05:07 PM 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of February 15, 2001.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have questions. 
 My particular concern is that the large majority of Enron's derivatives business is in North America.  We are growing rapidly in derivatives in Europe, but still quite small.  In terms of derivatives, we are not a factor on other continents.  That is different than major equity, currency or interest rate traders.  Mark 
 Ruth: The press release looks fine.  Mark    Ruth Ainslie <RAinslie@isda.org> 02/28/2001 10:57 AM 
 Ann K is working on this now.  Thanks.  Mark    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 02/28/2001 09:52 AM 
 Please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses.  Please be brief! 
 Please update the attached Legal Risk Report.   Send the revised report by e-mail.  Thank you. 
 I am willing to do this on the 20th, but only for one hour maximum.  See if Jim has any interest and then get back to Peter.   Mark 
 please set up.  Mark 
 Chris:  Thanks for the message.  I appreciate the feedback.  I know she has been working particularly hard lately!  We are working to add resources, but that is not easy.  Thanks for your support.  Mark    Christopher F Calger 03/04/2001 12:15 PM 
 fyi 
 I am confused by this.  Does this mean Cuiaba in South America would be covered?  What is the significance if it is?  Mark    Rob Walls/ENRON@enronXgate 03/02/2001 04:21 PM 
 Does Matt have time to do all the LNG work?  My guess is that he may have the time.  Mark    Alan Aronowitz 03/02/2001 02:28 PM 
 Paul Trishmann --Check the spelling. 
 Thanks for raising the issue.  Keep me posted!   Mark    Christian Yoder 03/08/2001 09:38 AM 
 Do you have any comments on this contract?  Please let me and Chris know. Mark 
 Mark:  I would like to get together at the AGM.  I will ask my assistant to work on a time would could meet and propose that to you.  Hope things are going well.  Mark Haedicke    Mark.Harding@CliffordChance.com 03/07/2001 12:55 PM 
 Thanks.  Please don't hold up the meeting for me but if possible I will attend.  Mark    Christian Yoder 03/07/2001 12:20 PM 
 Peter:  As we have discussed, I think we probably need someone other than Dan.  I don't think there is any need to lay everything out on use of lawyers in Canada.  I agree with your comments on the business model for lawyers.  We can't ignore that.  Let's generally talk that through with Jim.  Regards,  Mark    Peter Keohane 03/07/2001 08:46 AM 
 Greg:  Thanks.  Was a dash done on this?  Mark    Greg Johnston 03/06/2001 03:49 PM 
 Brenda:  It is standard operating procedure to copy all assistants (to the extent you know who they are) on e-mails such as this.  In the future please make sure you copy me on any e-mails pertaining to meetings or business lunches in which Mark Haedicke should participate.  Thank you for your cooperation in the future.      Brenda Whitehead 03/02/2001 11:35 AM 
 Shouldn't you and Rick do that together so as not to have confusion.  Mark 
 Thanks.    Greg Johnston 03/08/2001 05:25 PM 
 Approved for Janette Elbertson to go to Outlook 1082 on 3/29/01 from 1-2 p.m.    Magdelena Cruz 03/19/2001 08:08 AM 
 I would think the change in the business direction requires a different ski= ll=20 set.  Is that an appropriate response? 
 I am ok with it for the spot deals.   Mark    Michelle Blaine/ENRON@enronXgate 03/16/2001 01:48 PM 
 Please schedule lunch in late April.   Mark 
 Tim: Thanks!  I am working on getting Steve even more locked up.  Mark    Tim Belden 03/16/2001 10:25 AM 
 John:  I gave you a rewrite of Redman's list and the percentages.  I will send it again in case it got lost.     Mark    John J Lavorato/ENRON@enronXgate 03/15/2001 02:54 PM 
 Yes, thanks.  Mark    Rob Walls/ENRON@enronXgate 03/19/2001 11:12 AM 
 Let's catch up when you get back to Houston.  We can go to lunch or set up time to meet in the office.  Mark    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/15/2001 07:45 PM 
 Put this meeting on my schedule.  Mark 
 I don't have a problem with it, subject to our normal litigation exception. Mark    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 03/14/2001 06:04 PM 
 Not much should overlap with our agenda.  Thanks.  Mark    Lisa Mellencamp 03/19/2001 02:20 PM 
 You participated in the OGC meeting which was fine.  I did not want to miss out on your participation.  Going foward, please join  the Legal Committee starting this coming Monday and every other week.  Mark 
 It may be too late now, but I would like to meet with them.  Mark    Peter Keohane 03/12/2001 06:00 PM 
 fyi 
 Eddy: Let's get together and go over the agenda before the meeting.  Thanks. Mark    Eddy Daniels@ENRON 03/20/2001 05:18 PM 
 Great news!   Thanks.   Mark    Peter Keohane 03/20/2001 07:07 PM 
 Eddy: Please call into this meeting to see if it is worth while for us.  Ma= rk 
 FYI:  Consider the agenda below and how we can get ISDA to help us in Brazil.   Mark 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of March 15, 2001.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have questions. 
 Please remember if you are going to be out of the office on vacation or for business matters have your assistant send me an e-mail (and copy Janette) with the dates you will be out and the telephone number where you can be contacted.  Thank you. 
 Please put on my schedule.  Mark 
 Put this on my schedule for tomorrow.  Mark 
 Neal:  Thanks for the message.  We are tracking the developments in Washington very carefully.  Have Dan give me a call, if he would like.  Hope you and your family are doing well.  Take care.  Mark 
 To ensure a smooth flow of bank resolutions to the necessary signatories, I am requesting that Enron Treasury first route the bank resolutions to Angela Davis (EWS Legal) to be initialed before being routed to John Lavorato or Louise Kitchen.  If you have any questions please call me at 3-6544.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
 Thanks for the ideas!  Mark    Mark Tawney/ENRON@enronXgate 03/26/2001 01:40 PM 
 Bob:  I am going to pass on the playoff tickets.  Thanks.   Mark    "Baird, Bob" <RBaird@velaw.com> 03/27/2001 01:45 PM 
 I am ok with your slate, but need some Houston people on board as well.  I think we can shorten the Houston list by taking me off since John Novak will be on the board.  I leave it to Bruce to see if it makes sense to shorten the list further.  Mark    Orlando Gonzalez@ENRON 03/27/2001 01:51 PM 
 Let me know if anyone in your group is interested.  Mark 
 I think New York is a fair compromise, for North American transactions. Litigating in London is very expensive so I think that is not a good alternative.  Mark    Mark Powell 03/27/2001 11:02 AM 
 It looks great.  Mark    Vance Meyer@ENRON 03/27/2001 06:39 PM 
 Your comments 
 Over the past several months, we have reviewed in detail our trading contracts and the companies through which we conduct our trading business in California.  In order to reduce Enron's non-market risks ( e.g. legal, credit and regulatory) in the volatile commodity markets in California or any " future California", we propose the following changes:  1.    Mandatory Uniform Set-Off Provisions in All Trading Contracts for All Commodities -- set-off language varies commodity by commodity in trading contracts.  Set-off is one of the most critical tools available to Enron in a major default situation and it is critical to have set-off language and to have it be uniform commodity to commodity so that Enron can get the best advantage from set-off and not just the least common denominator.  2.     Master Netting Agreements For Appropriate Counterparties With Multiple Masters With Significant Opposite Exposures -- where it is necessary to have multiple masters with a counterparty, a "bridge" should be put in place between the masters whenever there is significant opposite exposures under the two or more masters.  3.     Merge EPMI into ENA -- power trades are done through EPMI.  Merging EPMI into ENA and conducting power trades through ENA is much more efficient from both a credit and legal point of view.  4.     No Automatic Termination for a Bankruptcy Event -- in the PGE/SCE situation, it should be the non-defaulting party's (Enron in this case) option to terminate rather than an automatic termination on "inability to pay debts as they become due".  Let me know if you have any other proposed changes to our trading contracts or entities through which we conduct our trading.  I believe these changes will (i) improve efficiency, (ii) reduce risks, (iii) develop the opportunity to do more business with certain counterparties and (iv) substantially improve Enron's position in the next California type market.  The long range goal is to conduct as much as possible of the trading business through a single entity and a single or limited number of standardized agreements. 
 Louise:  Is Enron ready for this?  I think it is a good suggestion for the most significant deals.  It is really positive in that it would force dealmakers to pay more attention to what the contracts provide.  I am not sure it makes sense to follow this procedure for every deal that is dashed.  Let's talk about what are the objectives.  Great question!  Mark    Louise Kitchen 03/28/2001 04:27 PM 
 I will call Mark Golden to respond in a few days.  I don't think this is entirely negative for us.  We can use it to get the products we want.  Mark 
 Add my name as a person to contact.  Mark    Elizabeth Sager 03/29/2001 11:16 AM 
 No problema.    John Schwartzenburg@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/29/2001 08:39 AM 
 Print out?   Mark 
 You should continue to sign the dashes and just alert me to any matter going to Frevert or Whalley.  Thanks.  Mark    John Schwartzenburg@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/29/2001 02:17 PM 
 Yes.    Theresa Zucha@ENRON 03/28/2001 02:51 PM 
 John:  Keep me posted on this matter.  Thanks.  Mark    John Novak@ENRON 03/28/2001 02:04 PM 
 J: please put this on my calender tomorrow.  Mark 
 Yes.    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 03/29/2001 05:32 PM 
 Please send out the attached memo that Julia prepared.  Mark 
 Go State!    John Viverito@ENRON 03/26/2001 11:11 AM 
 That sounds like good news to be part of the process.  Thanks.  Mark 
 It has become customary to prepare Unanimous Consents of Directors for many transactions even if such actions are not required by the relevant By-laws and/or Certificate of Incorporation.  Please consider carefully whether Unanimous Consents of Directors are necessary or appropriate in a particular transaction, i.e., the transaction is a significant transaction or evidence of authority is required for a legal opinion.  When in doubt, please review the By-laws and Certificate of Incorporation of the relevant entity and discuss the matter with a member of the Office of the General Counsel.  Thank you. 
 I will pass on it.  Thanks.  Mark    Louise Kitchen 03/30/2001 07:49 AM 
 call janette.  Mark    Matt Maxwell@ENRON 03/30/2001 07:38 AM 
 Sorry.  My schedule does not permit that change.  Mark    Eddy Daniels@ENRON 03/29/2001 02:07 PM 
 This is way too much of a commercial!  Two thirds of it speaks only to Kiodex.  Tell him that at least one-half should not be a commercial.  He said he was going to discuss new commodities and slant his presentation torward new commodities.  He needs to do more.  Mark    Rosemary Ryan <RRYAN@isda.org> 03/30/2001 11:10 AM 
 Greg Piper raised the following questions:  Is ENW a marketing affiliate? Is EOL a marketing affiliate? Sally Beck's organization? Can Beck's organization process transactions for CMS pipelines? Could Sally use ETS resources to do processing for CMS?  Greg is looking for some guidance by Tuesday.  Let's discuss.   Mark 
 Sound like California.  I noticed that the UK power book is doing well too.  Regards,  Mark    Paul Simons 04/02/2001 09:54 AM 
 j 
 J:  Please print these out for me and put in my packet for the trip.  Mark 
 J: Please save an electronic copy of this presentation in case I want to use any of the slides in the future.  Mark 
 Please handle.  Mark 
 Bob:  What is the view in general re arbitration of Brazilian companies?  Should we expect many objections to our new policy?  Don't get many objections in the US.  Mark    Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 04/02/2001 06:11 PM 
 Please get this to Mark Frevert.  Mark 
 I think Avista should be primary.  I don't know Kangqi.  Mark    Mary Cunningham <MCUNNINGHAM@isda.org> 03/27/2001 08:31 AM 
 It is a mistake.  Mark    Stuart Zisman 03/26/2001 10:17 AM 
 Add Alan Aronowitz, John Novak and Mark Taylor.  Mark    Rebecca Carter@ENRON Sent by: Kelly Johnson@ENRON 03/26/2001 09:51 AM Please respond to kelly.johnson 
 fyi 
 please schedule 
 please track this down 
 Great job!   Mark 
 Let's schedule a meeting for Mark Taylor, you and me with the consultant who we already had conversations with.  We can formulate our response.  Mark    Janette Elbertson 04/06/2001 09:50 AM 
 Alan, my quick impression is that the checklist format is identifying a number of matters for discussion in a way that will be efficient.  What is your impression?  Mark 
 I look foward to meeting you.  I have asked my assistant to get time scheduled.  Mark 
 What is the answer on this?  Mark 
 add to my schedule.   M 
 Jeff:  Let's talk about this and how to start handling Don Black's legal work.  Mark 
 Janette: put on my schedule.  Mark 
 Great job!   Mark    Michelle Blaine/ENRON@enronXgate 04/10/2001 03:40 PM 
 Sami:  What is the net net of the new policy?    Sami Arap@ENRON 04/10/2001 03:36 PM 
 Please handle.  I think you should send an email to the OGC and ask if they are aware of any such contracts.  Mark 
 How would we do this efficiently in EWS?  Mark 
 Please let me know as soon as possible if you are aware of any such contracts as described below by Sharon Butcher.  "The U.S. Small Business Administration, Office of Government Contracting has advised that on May 25, 2001, they will evaluate Enron's subcontracting program and compliance on any subcontracting plans in effect on current contracts.  This review will cover the last five (5) years.  All Forms 294 and 295 filed with the Small Business Adminstration along with the names of each Administrative Contracting Officer (U.S. Government employee responsible for monitoring the contract) for each contract will be subject to the review.  In addition, total subcontract placement with small businesses, small disadvantaged businesses, women-owned small businesses, and HubZone small businesses shall be reviewed.  Further, the amount of indirect or overhead costs, if any, apportioned to contract goals is subject to review.  We will also need information on the number of active suppliers Enron is currently using in the following categories:  large business, small business, small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business and HubZone business.  The review will cover these figures for one year ago if available." 
 fyi 
 Both letters are fine.  Please arrange dates for the Chairman to come to Houston.  Thanks for all of your help.  Mark 
 Please set a meeting to talk through this contract with Sami.  Mark 
 I agree with your proposal.  Please communicate with Mark Holsworth.  Mark    Michelle Cash 04/11/2001 11:33 PM 
 Congrats on another one done!    Mark 
 Mark Evans and Paul Simons are the two key persons in London.  Mark Haedicke    Emmanuelle Sebton <ESebton@ISDA-EUR.ORG> 04/10/2001 09:10 AM 
 David:  It was good to see you also.  I am only available on the 14th.  I would like you to come to Enron and talk about the audit and certain key provisions in the trading agreements with the top trading lawyers.  Give Mark Taylor a call at 713-853-7459; he is GC of the financial trading.  Regards,  Mark    David.Yeres@CliffordChance.com 04/09/2001 04:40 PM 
 Starting on Thursday,  April 19, at 2:00 p.m. there will be a weekly telephone conference for the California litigation team.  The objective will be to identify key issues and plan a coordinated strategy for all litigation in California.  The call will last not more than one hour.  Thus far, the responsibility has been allocated as follows:  1. PG&E Bankruptcy   Lisa Mellencamp and Carl Ecklund (LeBoeuf Lamb Greene & McRae)  2. Class Actions   Richard Sanders and Robin Gibbs (Gibbs & Bruns)  3. CTC Matters   Bob Williams, Mike Day and Gary Fergus (Brobeck)  4. FERC Matters    Regulatory and Richard Sanders and Dan Watkiss (Bracewell & Patterson)  5. Government Investigations Regulatory and Richard Sanders  Richard Sanders and Robin Gibbs will have overall responsibility for coordination of the litigation. 
 Sami:  Does this change in treatment of financial trading open up significantly more trading opportunities for Enron?  Mark    Sami Arap@ENRON 04/16/2001 08:34 AM 
 Please schedule.  Mark 
 Mark:  I would suggest we add netting.  Will you talk to Carol and see if she is interested.  Let me know.   Mark Haedicke    Mark Taylor 04/13/2001 02:27 PM 
 Per your request.  Mark 
 Janette, please send him a fax copy only.    Mark 
 Jim:  Good question.  With all that is going on the answer is yes I think. Mark    James Derrick/ENRON@enronXgate 04/12/2001 06:05 PM 
 Have him contact Joe Gold in London at 011-44-207-783-6768 who is the head trader in Europe.  Mark    "JOHN G KLAUBERG" <jklauber@LLGM.COM> 04/12/2001 05:45 PM 
 I am responding on behalf of Mark Haedicke.  We have checked with our department and our lawyers are not aware of any such contracts as you described in your e-mail.  Barbara Gray responded, "I am unaware of any subcontracts for this period.  I do know that we have used minority lawyers, but that does not appear to be responsive to the question."  Thank you. 
 Orlando;  I am ok with the your suggestion.  Hope you are doing well.  Mark    Orlando Gonzalez@ENRON 04/17/2001 06:18 AM 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of April 15, 2001.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have questions. 
 Please provide me your comments on the following outline:   Trading Contracts for Global Commodity Markets  1.  Evolution of Trading Contracts Since 1990 2.   Trading in 2001:  Living with Multiple Master Agreements a.   North America b.   Europe c.   other 3.   Globalization of Commodity Trading 4.   Lessons from the California Crisis 5.   Deregulation Marches Forward 6.   The Vision a.   single global master for physical and financial trading b.   use master netting agreements in transition phase c.   focus on confirmations and schedules for new products 
 Do the firms described below by Sheila come within the scope?   Mark 
 Looks like a good candidate.  I am around all next week.  Regards,  Mark    Peter Keohane 04/20/2001 03:45 PM 
 I am ok listing you.  Mark    Christi L Nicolay 04/20/2001 02:03 PM 
 Alan:  Could you please respond to the following request.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Thanks for the info. Next year we want to run those fees through legal before they are allocated out.    Mark 
 Lisa:  It looks fine.  Please send out from you and me.  Thanks.  Mark    Lisa Mellencamp 04/19/2001 11:07 AM 
 Yes, I would be happy to.   Mark Haedicke    Stacy Carey <SCAREY@ISDA.ORG> 04/23/2001 12:11 PM 
 fyi 
 Sheila, I need a status report on their contracts as well.  Please change Hodge to 175, Aronowitz to 190 and Taylor to 190.   Mark    Sheila Walton/ENRON@enronXgate 04/23/2001 06:09 PM 
 yes.    Stacy Carey <SCAREY@ISDA.ORG> 04/23/2001 04:54 PM 
 Thanks for the speech.  Hope to see you at the law conference.  Mark    Chris Gaffney 04/23/2001 03:48 PM 
 J: please add.  Mark 
 Look forward to it. 11:45 is good.   Mark    "Swanstrom, Bill" <BSwanstrom@lockeliddell.com> Sent by: "Ingram, Kay" <KIngram@lockeliddell.com> 04/25/2001 11:46 AM 
 MD and GC of Enron Wholesale Services.  Mark    Steve_Targett@nag.national.com.au 04/24/2001 06:03 PM 
 It will be dashed so I would like a brief risk memo.  Mark    Lisa Mellencamp 04/26/2001 11:49 AM 
 I am looking for someone in Portand to work on power plant development that will mostly be in CA and Nevada.  I would like you to talk to Sheila Tweed in my office at 713-853-7093, who is in charge of this effort on the legal side.  I will foward your resume to her and of course tell her to keep it very confidential. 
 Agreed.   Mark    John Novak@ENRON 04/26/2001 09:12 AM 
 No    Stacy Carey <SCAREY@ISDA.ORG> 04/27/2001 08:21 AM 
 Mary:  I would like to discuss seminars in Europe to further promote the isda form among energy companies on the continent.  Please give me a ring at your convenience.  Regards,  Mark 
 Thanks for the resume.  Mark 
 Please set up 15 minutes.  Mark 
 Sorry I missed you.  Please call and ask to interrupt me.   Thanks.  Mark    Steve C Hall 04/23/2001 10:24 AM 
 J 
 Steve and Peter:  From a control point of view, we should have at least one director based in Houston.  Does that present any significant tax risk?  Let us know.  Mark Haedicke 
 no changes.  Mark    Cynthia Richards <CRICHARDS@isda.org> 05/01/2001 09:02 AM 
 Is signing a unanimous consent in Houston an issue?  Mark    Stephen H Douglas/ENRON@enronXgate 05/01/2001 05:08 PM 
 FYI 
 I rate her a 2.    Becky Spencer 04/30/2001 09:38 AM 
 I will be in San Antonio, but available by phone.  Mark    Louise Kitchen 04/30/2001 08:49 AM 
 Please put on my schedule.  Mark 
 It looks a good deal to me.  Mark 
 I will be out of town that day.  Maybe the next one.  Mark    Lisa Mellencamp 05/10/2001 08:38 AM 
 ok    Carlos Sole@ENRON 05/09/2001 06:02 PM 
 No problem with the no litigation exception.  Mark    Vicki Sharp@EES 05/09/2001 05:07 PM 
 Let's have Lance attend.  Mark 
 Next week, I will be in only on Monday.  I want Lance to sign dash if it comes later in the week.  Mark    Lisa Mellencamp 05/10/2001 02:45 PM 
 The 9th Circuit of the U.S. Ct. of Appeals granted EES' request to stay an injunction granted by the District Court in the UCS litigation, which would have required EES to continue to directly serve UCS.  The stay allows EES to return the customer UCS to PG&E and SCE for utility service and thereby save the future accrual of an additional $144 million of negative CTC receivables.  In approximately two months, the 9th Circuit will conduct a further review of the stay, at which point the litigation will return to the District Court for discovery and eventually trial. 
 Greetings:  John, I would like to promote Hodge to VP this time around.  I know our system has changed to get that done, but I wanted to get your support on this.  I believe Jeff has done a good job  and added significant value for a long time and has earned it.  Give me your thoughts.  Mark 
 __________________  The 9th Circuit of the U.S. Ct. of Appeals granted EES' request to stay an injunction granted by the District Court in the UCS litigation, which would have required EES to continue to directly serve UCS.  The stay allows EES to return the customer UCS to PG&E and SCE for utility service and thereby save the future accrual of an additional $144 million of negative CTC receivables.  In approximately two months, the 9th Circuit will conduct a further review of the stay.  It is likely EES' service contract with USC will expire before any trial at the District Court. 
 Here are my thoughts so far:  1.  Initial Legal Team -- Jeff Hodge, Jim Keller, Carol St. Clair, Aaron Rothwarg  2.  Spot Check the Forms -- over the next week  3.  Conform Forms to ENA Forms -- over next two months  4.  Develop Form Approval Process -- dual approvals by EES and ENA  5.  Develop Deal Approval Process -- deals above a certain size (or material variations from the form) would require concurrent EWS approval  6.  Request List of Major Contract Concerns from Traders -- items that cannot be hedged 
 FYI 
 I think we will need to do something for Peter.  I would be interested in HRs view on how much.  Mark    David Oxley/ENRON@enronXgate 05/14/2001 02:19 PM 
 The lawyers had a kick-off meeting today.  Vicki and I echoed your point on not shutting down the business.   We have a great team assembled and I think it will calm down the traders in EWS.  I will keep you posted.  Mark Haedicke    David W Delainey@EES 05/11/2001 05:55 PM 
 The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of May 15, 2001.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.  Please let me know if you have questions. 
 Not clear at this point.  No deals have been done.  My guess is that it will be Lance and his group.  I will let you know when it gets sorted out.  Mark    "Swanstrom, Bill" <BSwanstrom@lockeliddell.com> 05/20/2001 12:04 PM 
 Please review and set up a meeting with me to establish a plan for this committee.  Mark 
 Stacy and Ruth:  I propose the following agenda for the NA energy committee:  1.  convergence of commodity forms -- need to build a team to pursue this 2.  California energy issues/solutions 3.  standardized provisions for master energy contracts -- setoff, netting, termination, etc. 4.  bankruptcy 5.  CFTC study of retail derivatives 6.  emerging market forms for paper, steel, etc.  Mark Taylor will send a list of proposed topics for the European conference. Let me know what you think.  Regards,  Mark Haedicke    Stacy Carey <SCAREY@ISDA.ORG> 05/23/2001 11:36 AM 
 Wow!  Dan please go ahead and make the call and be sure to let them know we are schocked at the amount of the billing!  Mark 
 I am ok with it.  Mark Haedicke    "JOHN KLAUBERG" <JKLAUBER@LLGM.COM> 05/29/2001 09:43 AM 
 please handle.  Mark 
 Why don't you sign the opinion.  Let's get together later in the week.  I have some ideas to pitch to you.  Mark    Barbara N Gray 05/29/2001 09:44 AM 
 Looks great!  Change the company to Enron Wholesale Services and send it out.  Mark    Margaret Doucette@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/29/2001 05:53 PM 
 Please set a meeting for Mark Taylor and me wih ISDA.  Mark 
 I need at least 5 years of experience.  Mark    "Fretz, Elizabeth" <EFretz@LucasCareers.com> 05/31/2001 01:48 PM 
 J 
 That makes sense.  Thanks.  Mark    Vicki Sharp@EES 05/31/2001 11:33 AM 
 Great questions!  It is fine with me if you would like to distribute them.  I may cover some in the floor talk.  Thanks for the help.  Mark    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/31/2001 02:33 PM 
 Please provide me with a list of your accomplishments and complete your self evaluation by 4:00 p.m. Central time on Monday, June 4.  Thank you. 
 I appreciate the request, but have never given the slides I use out in electronic form.  To do that we would need to have very detailed conversations about how they would be used.  Give me a call if you still want to talk about it.  Mark 
 I want to be involved as we are in the process of signing up employment contracts with Sami Arap, Louise Wantanabe and Vicki Martinez.  John Novak and I need to approve all the changes.  Thanks.  Mark    David Oxley/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 03:27 PM 
 Enron has complained about the quality of the information given to Inside FERC.  It is my understanding that requesting the counterparty data is a due diligence step that the trades really happened and that Inside FERC keeps the name of the counterparty confidential.  We want the data to be as good as possible.  If my assumptions are correct, I come out -- give the name of the counterparty with stated limitations.  Jeff Hodge, please let me know if my assumptions are correct in the US.    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 06/01/2001 02:56 PM 
 Glad to have you as an employee of Enron!   Mark    Steve C Hall/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:38 PM 
 Mark:  Only your self-evaluation form is attached.  Please e-mail or fax the others to me as soon as possible.  As you know, the PRC meeting starts at 8:30 a.m. Central time on Tuesday.  The fax number is 713 646 2600.    Mark Evans/Enron@EUEnronXGate 06/04/2001 12:26 PM 
 Mark:  Please disregard the prior e-mail.  We couldn't view all of the forms; however, when we printed your form, they all printed out.  Mark Haedicke has everything needs for the meeting.  Many thanks.  Janette Elbertson 
         The Museum of Fine Arts Houston 
 Delayed.  I prepared an outline but have made no progress beyond that. Nothing will be available this summer.  Regards,  Mark    "Mogel, William" <WMogel@ssd.com> 06/06/2001 10:45 AM 
 Looks ok to me.  Mark    Elizabeth Sager 06/06/2001 10:17 AM 
 We need to address both issues unless there is some compelling reason not to.  Mark    Andrew Edison@ENRON 06/06/2001 09:19 AM 
 Best wishes at AEP!  Mark    Shawna Flynn 06/05/2001 01:53 PM 
 I will see you there. 
 The right person is Sami Arap in Sao Paulo.  Mark Haedicke    Pedro Martinez <PMARTINEZ@isda.org> 06/04/2001 06:04 PM 
 Mark:  It looks like Paul Simons got a copy of this e-mail.  Let me know if it is useful  to work with ISDA on any of these matters.  Mark Haedicke 
 Put this as tentative on my schedule.  Mark 
 Great!  John L said he was going to leave legal to us.  So please take the lead in proposing changes for the legal team and propose the changes to me so we can get it done.  Regards,  Mark    John Novak@ENRON 06/06/2001 01:25 PM 
 I loved it!   Mark    Michelle Cash 06/08/2001 09:05 AM 
 I am willing to wear the risk.  Remember, my $100.  Mark    Andrew Edison@ENRON 06/07/2001 04:30 PM 
 Are these correct?  Please let John know.  Mark 
 http://207.21.193.94/starwars/ 
 Please click on the link below for the invitation to the museum.    http://207.21.193.94/starwars/ 
