e know if we don't need to file this.  Please give me your comments on the draft ASAP. 
 Correct.  I wanted to terminate CTS for EPMI too but others decided this issue.  Sorry if there was any confusion.  Please make a filing for Portland General, consistent with their letter to the PX.  I am still waiting to hear from Enron Wind.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Do you want to get this or are you already an in-house compendium? 
 We filed with FERC today a final version of this (which I don't yet have). We need to discuss Enron Wind doing the same.  Also, you'd need to send a letter to the PX terminating your particiaption agreement.  I'll send you the letter we sent.  I'm assuming you would want to get out of the CTS market as well as the Day-ahead and Day-of.  Call me ASAP 503-464-8862.  Thanks. 
 remove Mary Hain from your lists. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I'm looking into whether we have to make a filing for EES too. 
 Christian asked me to work with Dan Watkiss to prepare a FERC filing to terminate EPMI's participation in the PX.  I have asked Dan to get started as Christian said we may decide to file as soon as today.  See attached explanation.  Does EES also have a participation agreement?  And if so do we also need to file a termination for EES? 
 Richard Sanders just called me from the court house.  Please do not release any information about the TRO until we hear otherwise from Richard.  Thanks. 
 The California AG and PUC have petitioned FERC to vacate its order approving PG&E's recent reorganization.  Obviously by this reorganization, PG&E is attempting to shield its assets in the event of a bankruptcy.  I'm wondering if we should become active in this case, to protect our interests in the event of a bankruptcy. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The available transmision capacity (ATC) "derate" did occur and has occured everydaysince about the 24th.  This fact was verified to me by our ISO customer contact on Friday.  Although we do not have the E-mails anymore, the ISO sends our traders E-mails everyday about the ATC on the ties, so this information is verifiable with the ISO.  Our customer contact didn't know exactly what day it had started and I have not wanted to pursue this more with the ISO, not knowing whether we wanted our identity divulged.  The reason for the zero rating is that the ISO is in a Stage 3 emergency.  The line was again rated at zero today.  I have been pursuing the following approaches to getting this issue investigated and resolved.  I've talked to Scott Miller at FERC and to Eric Thode in Houston.  Eric believes he can get the press to investigate and divulge this information for us in the trade press.  So check the trade press tomorrow. 
 I've called Eric Thode in our Houston office and if he's successful, there will be something in the trade press about this issue soon.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 At Joe's request I called Scott Miller at FERC.  Scott asked me to write up our issues for him (as he was on his cell phone kayaking on the Chesapeake). 
 At your request, here's a write-up of our problems with the ISO.  Issue 1 - Concerning the intertie going North out of California into the Northwest (NW) at the California Oregon Border (COB), since about the 24th of January, the ISO has started telling market participants that the available transmission capacity, which is usually 2300 MW, is zero.  Last Friday, this caused prices to increase at the Mid-Columbia (NW trading hub) by about $50-75, costing the NW wholesale market an estimated $2-5 million per day. This transmission capacity is within the ISO's control and, because capacity is available, the ISO's actions seem to violate Order No. 888.  I also wonder what would happen if another control area decided they were going to take similar action.  This hurts Enron financially because we own FTRs and if there is no congestion, we don't get paid anything.  This is like "economic" force majeure.  The reason the ISO is listing zero ATC is that they're in a Stage 3 Emergency and they're not offering sufficient price/credit terms to get the power they need.  California obviously thinks its power needs are more important than the NW's.  Issue 2 - We have transmission we are purchasing from some California munis using transmission facilities that are not part of the Cal ISO.  The ISO advised today that they are thinking about cutting exports from California. We are concerned that the ISO will cut our transaction even though it uses transmission assets and rights that are not under the ISO's control.  If our deal were cut, it could cost us $20,000 to $100,000 per hour (we have a 125 MW deal and spreads now are $125 and they would likely blow out more if exports were cut).   We hesitate to call the ISO and ask if they are going to cut us because we are afraid we might suggest something that they haven't thought of.  I'd be happy to answer any questions.  I'm at (503) 464-8862. 
 In addition to the ISO derating its own available transmission capacity (exporting) at the California Oregon Border (so that people can't buy transmission from the ISO to export power) the ISO is now threatening to cut our exports from California using transmission rights that we have purchased from a muni that is not part of the ISO's grid. 
 The Q and A you asked me to draft are attached. 
 - Spread of Calif. Crisis Concerns Bush (washingtonpost.com).html 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 We are trying to get long term transmission service from Sierra Pacific for LV Cogen.  Sierra Pacific claims that numerous parties are ahead of us in the queue.  We disagree (for some fairly complex technical reasons that I won't detail here).  Sierra Pacific won't offer us transmission service until it resolves the requests that are ahead of us in the queue.  At this time, we are planning to keep the project and may have difficulty getting financing if we can't get the transmission service.  It is my understanding that we have exhausted all negotiating opportunities with Sierra to resolve this issue.  I would like to have Bracewell and Patterson draft a FERC filing to resolve this issue.  However, I have been told that EPMI cannot make such a filing due to the pending merger.  Paul and Sarah - I'd like to confirm that we have indeed exhausted all negotiating opportunities and that we can't file anything against Sierra. 
 I've told the traders about this. 
 You asked me to know about any ISO Board activities.  Sue left me a voice mail saying she went to the last Board meeting and they didn't do much. There will be another meeting February 1 9:00-6:00, although Sue's not sure she'll be going.  According to the web the agenda is as follows:  GENERAL SESSION 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 1) Public Comment 2) Overview of ISO Financial, Legal & Regulatory Activities 3) Review of Administrative Procedures & Responsibilities of the Board 4) How the Transmission System Works 5) Review of Current Issues Facing California and the ISO 6) Functions of the ISO 7) Review of California Markets & ISO's Responsibilities  EXECUTIVE SESSION 5:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. 1) Discussion of Legal Issues Concerning Impending Market Activity 2) Review of Compensation Goals for 2000 3) Review of Current Investigations of the ISO  I did not see any motions or papers that are posted for consideration at this time.  To review General Session agenda documents as they appear online go to: http://www.caiso.com/pubinfo/BOG/documents/ Audio of this meeting is provided via RealAudio on the Internet. For information, please go to: http://www.caiso.com/pubinfo/BOG/ All public documents, notices, and information are posted to the Web site as they are provided to the Board of Governors.    Also, the attached E-mail says the ISO management sent the Board its congestion management proposal. 
 Notice to PTM - coming out today - about the same as last week  Strategy for Spring/ Summer - coming out next week - flexibility in light of extreme volatility  Mandatory Conservation - up to the governors  Rates- nothing new from the document I sent you last week  Treasury shortfall - possible without more rain. 
 Your ideas about decertifying the Cal ISO are very interesting but I question your likelihood of success given FERC's lack of political will (thanks to George W.'s new leadership ) to sue the ISO to get rid of the newly-appointed ISO board.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Please disregard my last E-mail.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Do you agree with this? 
 Please forward the FERC order requiring this.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Lysa please forward this to everyone on the California crisis contact list. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here is my idea for challenging the new ISO Board.  According to the trade press, one of the ISO Board's first actions will be to file with FERC to request more time to act on the FERC's requirement to file a market redesign.  We (or WPTF) would file a protest asking the FERC to reject the filing because the ISO does not have the authority to act. 
 It was derated by 3200 MW, raising Mid-Columbia prices by $50-75/MWh.  It's not effecting Cal ISO's return of power because that power is flowing on different transmission, from the Nevada Oregon Border north, not from the California Oregon border North. 
 Craig, - In addition, it is our understanding that the ISO has not cut transmission capacity to Southern California, although that action would have the same effect as cutting transmission to the north.  Jim - I have forwarded this information to Paul & Alan so they can pursue this issue with the Governors.  Could we also give this information to Clearing Up, if they promised not to quote us?  Do you think that would be helpful? 
 From an operational perspective, during a Stage 3 Emergencies, the ISO has three options available to keep the lights on.   It can (1) buy more power (under its DOE granted Section 202(c) authority), (2) cut scheduled power transactions, or (3) derate transmission capacity used to export power from its system.  The Cal ISO has recently been derating to zero transmission capacity to the Northwest (option 3).  Because transmission users can't get capacity to sell their power outside California, the effect is that the ISO gets cheaper power over customers in the NW.  I was thinking of a political approach to solving this problem.  I was wondering if you could work with your contacts to mobilize NW Senators (?) to write a letter to the California ISO and the Governor; you might even get Steve Wright to sign on given that this  situation must make it more difficult for him to balance his budget.  The central theme of the letter would point out what a hue and cry there would be if BPA engaged in such actions and that California is simply  trying to get cheaper power than the rest of the region.  It could also point out that the Cal ISO already has the mechanism of the Secretary of Energy's Section 202(c) orders to get the power it needs for an emergency and that this order is fairer because it allows market participants to have a just and reasonable rate determined (albeit after the fact) for the power.  I wouldn't bring up the ISO's authority to cut scheduled power transactions.  I don't think we want to encourage that.  What do you think?  Call me. 
 I have drafted the attached letter denying the Cal ISO's request to send it (and the EOB) EPMI and EES' cost information for transactions over the FERC's cost cap.  Since I believe we are on very firm ground, my initial inclination was to send no response to the ISO's letter, so there would be nothing to quote in the press.  However, I drafted this letter at Alan's suggestion for purposes of discussion.  We should decide whether to send a letter before distributing this draft more widely in-house to discuss how to parse the message. 
 Christi - Cara has E-mailed a number of questions to Linda and Kelley.  If she doesn't hear from them by tomorrow morning, can Cara and I have a conference call with you at 11:00 a.m. Pacific time so you can birddog people and get some answers?  In the meantime, if Cara E-mailed you the questions, would you answer any you know the answers to. Thanks. 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all your mail lists.  Thank you.  Lysa Akin Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 In case you haven't seen this. 
 See attached 
 The Mercury News requested the CPUC subpoena.  What can we do to fight this (assuming there's anything we can do and we want to)? 
 Did Tim already send you these documents for your review?  If he did, have you been working with the Houston group on them or do you want to tell me about any problems? 
 I thought we did not like the government of Desert Star (because it's ruled by the publics and the federal government) and did not like other aspects of it as much as we liked aspects of RTO West.  Why not wait until we get RTO West formed and then argue that the rest should be consolidated into it?  If we try to argue that California should join Desert Star it would be sort of like the tail wagging the dog and I would be concerned that California would try to take over.  Besides with RTO West, we have an organization that at least one Federal Power Marketer has said they could join. 
 I sent this to my friend at FERC.  Souldn't we be opposing this? 
 Hi!  Hope all is well.  FYI - --   Subject:  AG suit to oust ISO Board  ATTORNEY GENERAL SUES TO REMOVE STAKEHOLDER MEMBERS OF ISO BOARD Seeks To Allow Replacement By Consumer-Oriented Members  January 23, 2001 01-006 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  (SACRAMENTO) - Attorney General Bill Lockyer today filed suit to have the 26 stakeholder members of the California Independent System Operator Corporation vacate their office, seeking to pave the way for a newly reconstituted board representing the interests of consumers.  The "quo warranto" action was filed in Sacramento County Superior Court. The lawsuit asks the court to have the 26 sitting ISO members ousted from their positions. The Attorney General has offered current members an opportunity to resign and avoid further litigation.  The legal move seeks to speed implementation of the new law, AB 5X, which reconstitutes the ISO into a board of five members appointed by the governor and confirmed by the Electricity Oversight Board.  Governor Davis has appointed the five new members of the ISO governing board pursuant to the new law.  The ISO board is responsible for operating, controlling and managing the power transmission lines that deliver electricity throughout California and between neighboring states. 
 This is not public information yet but, assuming Tim gives his final okay, a guy will be joining the trading floor to develop a renewable market including a portfolio, trading, an index, auction, an Enron Online product, etc.  He wants to formulate a well developed regulatory policy approach and has agreed to draft up some bullet points for our use and has had preliminary meetings with various groups in Houston including Jeff Keeler.  He also wants to enlist the assistance of government affairs.  I suggested he do a presentation at our next government affairs meeting.  Are we still having people do presentations at our meetings?  Could we fit him in? 
 I want verification from Tim,