done it needs to be. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I understand now.     Thanks. 
 Ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 FYI. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I have forwarded to kelly -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I will handle this afternoon -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Understood -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 tHANKS. 
 What can we do about getting this done? 
 FYI 
 I am not sure, I just am being a little overly cautious about making changes that someone at corporate may not be aware of. 
 Can someone send us a synopsis of the changes in the plan and what the expected impact on NP and NBP services comapny is? 
 Let's try this time on for size! 
 We will have to do project economics by pipeline as well as in total.    A way to allocate costs however is to do so according to the benefits received.      That way no one can argue that they didn't get the same deal.    If the deal makes sense from a group standpoint, then it should make sense from an individual pipeline standpoint.  Project economics need to be looked at in 2 ways.     1) The project economics on a stand alone basis and then 2) the more accurate approach of what does the project do to the entity (the with and without approach). The accounting return in the second approach has become actually the more important measure of success. 
 In order for me to effectively represent you at the ETS PRC  and for some of you at the Accounting and Finance PRC's I will need some information from each of you.      Please send the following to Kathy Campos who will put it together for me in a book.  1. Copy of your goals for 2000 and the latest status. 2. A list of accomplishments/things you are proud of this year, specifically indicate any involvement in the    Associates/Analysts Program or the Recruiting Program. 3. Copy of a Self Evaluation you completed in the PEP System. 4. Your Supervisor will provide me with a Copy of a Preliminary Evaluation.  I will need these by the 29th of November for those in the accounting and finance ranks.   For all others I will need the input for the 13th of December. 
 FYI 
 All OK> 
 Please provide whatever assistance you can in getting info to Tracy to respond to the attached request. 
 A reminder of what was in the Enron goal presentation and what we did last year. 
 FYI 
 Please approve and forward for payment.    Thanks. 
 I guess I would only request that we get some review put in front of ETS' new Risk Management Officer and his crew, Jerry Peters.    I also understand that this is a part of the Revenue Management project. 
 I would like to have the dollars subdivided into pools for each of my direct reports with about 10% of my pool reserved for my use.    Can you help me with this?    I also understand that we are doing a handoff from Ben to Shanna for my support point, therefore I am sending this to both of you.  For Ben:    Where are we on the job description I sent 
 I would think we can do the same as we do in Florida, which is similar to your suggestion.     We did create a non-regulated affiliate to do the business in the name of, but that leaves the revenue in the venture and solves the fiduciary problem. 
 I still have a PRC tomorrow am, but will let Kathy know my status as I get closer to lunch. 
 FYI 
 This is a work in Progress. 
 Forgot the attachment. Here it is. 
 Hi Felicia,  I would like to have one (1) AMEX gift certificate for $50.00 processed as soon as possible.  Thanks, Rod 
 What is the deal? 
 We are still working on the plane, and the answer is that the plane will be billed to the RC reserving it for the flight.    If commercial wants to take it to a lower level than that it will be up to them to do so.     It will take some actual doing on our side to make this happen, but it can be done.     The budget will be taken care of in Planning as we go through the year.      From an ETS point of view all of the plane is in Commercial or Executive (Stan) and so it should not be a problem to track the budget. Tracy has the point on this one.  Jim Saunders:    What do you know about the other comments? 
 Do you have the same for the income side? 
 FYI.   You got it! 
 Morris and Elaine are responsible for this area of the ETS world and as such should be there and hopefully will know what this is about.     I have seen nothing on this proposal and probably will not be available, as I have a PRC on that date, out of the office. 
 Ultimately more definition, but for now, it's a good start. 
 I'm fine. 
 I would like to see the results of that method before we just agreed to do so. 
 Brasher  Excellent Clements Strong Fenstad Satisfactory  These are my thoughts based upon general knowledge of the year and some specifics for the last few months.     A short discussion with Phil might lead me to believe that he would think I might be being too generous on Dave.     What are your thoughts? 
 FYI 
 The cash flows for 2001 are currently locked, but if we get a chance to adjust for carry forwards we will.   Worst case is that the dollars will have to be reapproved as outside of the budget.     Likely that we will be able to do some internal moving of dollars to compensate for this, but not guarenteed. 
 Any idea on when I can get your info? 
 For Kathy:    How many have been submitted? 
 FYI.    This close date is of large significance to GPG as we are going to be asking management to wait an extra week for monthly info that ties out to the financials.     This variance from what we thought was a "Common Design" is a huge deal, in fact the agreed upon close timing was a major consideration in getting agreement within GPG to go forward as it was an improvement that we could see had value.   I agreed to and "stacked hands" with all on the "Common Design", yet somehow there has been a failure to deliver the "Common Design".   I just want to make sure that the two of you are aware of my position on this issue. 
 FYI.     This was the detail provided to Sarabeth. 
 FYI.  Brasher  Excellent Clements Strong Fenstad Satisfactory 
 What were the individual participation rates by entity?      Shirley Jo Wilson  12/12/2000 
 This is an FYI, but I think that Insurance probably fits into Jerry's world. 
 I can't make it.     I have another PRC to do. 
 Will he be having one the first tuesday of January, 1/2/01?     Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON 
 I will have both Jim Saunders and Jerry Peters in attendance. 
 FYI 
 Approved. 
 Approved. 
 I haven't heard back from Rebecca on this, but I'm sure she is busy.   Do either of you care to answer my question below. 
 I didn't forget. 
 Do you still have the instructions for the wire to Compass Bank in the files?   I would like it wired there. 
 Here is the info: Bank:   Compass Bank Transit #: 113 010 547 Account #: 0600 1564 For credit to the account of Roderick J. and Kathleen R. Hayslett  Thanks.   I would like this done as soon as possible as I will be needing the funds at the end of the week. Rod Hayslett 
 Consulting Group that may be able to help with SAP stuff. 
