 Boy, I'm REALLY mad at you!  Just kidding!  I thought you were just going to initial the signature pages and then we would get Kevin to sign it here.  Since you're in town, I can run the originals down to you (if you'll tell me where you are) so that you can initial and then I can ask Kevin to sign.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Here are my exceptions:  8/17 - vacation 8/20 - sick 8/31 - vacation  Thanks! 
  Veronica:  Here's the Coastal States Trading, Inc.'s ISDA.  Marie 
 Carol:  Attached are the ENA/Enron Corp. certificates.  I was just going to work off these forms when (or if) EBS ever executed an ISDA. 
 Do we know a counterparty name or do I have to look at all our files? 
 I can't help this time.  The only Enron Corp. guaranty we have was issued in connection with financial transactions only.  Sorry. 
 Kim:  Attached are the forms I mentioned.  Let me know if they have any questions.  Marie 
 Roeline:  Here is the tax i.d. number for ENA Upstream Company LLC:  76-0318139.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Attached is Annex B to be attached to the confirms for Deal Nos. Y49003.1 and Y49036.1.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 I believe all deals going forward.  Am I right, Max? 
 Martha:  Thanks for getting the changes to the form of guaranty approved.  Will you please have the guaranty dated effective as of January 1, 2001?  Also, who will be the party signing the guaranty, and when can we expect to receive the signed guaranty?  In addition, when  the guaranty has been signed on your part, will you please fax a copy to me at (713) 646-3490?  Again, thank you for your assistance on this.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Tracy:  Can you prepare this guaranty for Pat Leahy?  The EBS entity will be Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd.  As you can see from the e-mails below, they need this guaranty today.  Thanks!  Marie 
  FYI 
 Hi, Veronica!  I'm trying to clean some files off my desk and one of them is Bayer.  Are you still going to revise the credit?  Thanks!  Marie 
 We have received an executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of September 21, 2001 by and between Virginia Power Energy Marketing, Inc. and Enron North America Corp.  This first amendment increases the collateral thresholds for both Party A and Party B.  Copies will be distributed. 
 No exceptions.  Thanks 
 I think I received this e-mail in error.  I am in the Legal-financial trading group.  Marie 
 Diane:  We just sent drafts to Torch as they needed to send them to UOM, Dynegy and Sempra for review.  When we get them signed, I'll distribute copies.  Marie 
 Mark:  I would like to schedule this Friday, 10/5 as a vacation day.  Please let me know if this presents a problem.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Georgi:  We have an entry in our database that states that Energy West Incorporated did not change its name to Mercator Energy Incorporated.  There are two companies with the same name and this one is not the one that changed its name.  Our Energy West Incorporated is a Montana corporation.  The one that changed its name is a Colorado corporation.  Let me know if this is confusing.  Marie 
 Hi, Diane:  In your spare time (HA! HA!) will you check and let me know the earliest outstanding trade dates for the following counterparties:  Catequil Overseas Partners, Ltd. Catequil Partners, L.P.  They are ready to sign the ISDAs.  Thanks!  Marie 
 You barely escaped our wrath this time, but there's always the next! 
 Hi, Todd:  Believe it or not, I am working on our comments to the ISDA and hope to have them to you this week.  If I see we won't get them to you this week, I'll let you know.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Brian:  The ISDA is being faxed to you now.  Marie 
 Cindy:  Attached are forms of Enron Corp. guaranties and related certificates to be issued in connection with ISDA Master Agreements between ENA and Catequil Partners, L.P. and ENA and Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd.  Please let me know when the attached documents are ready and I'll arrange for pick up.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Correct.  I just left you a voice mail re the termination. 
 Do you want me to take a first stab at these two agreements? 
 Attached is a copy of the transmittal letter forwarding the draft ISDA Master Agreement to Southern States.  Marie 
  Rotation, please. 
 Mr. Guinn:  Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching for your review a proposed Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement amending the existing amendment to change the Part 4 section references.  Please advise if the attached document is acceptable, and I will have two copies signed and forward to you for execution by Bank of America.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Diane, Tanya and Jay:  We have been requested in connection with an SEC subpoena to produce documents related to the referenced counterparties (including their parents, successors, subsidiaries, related corporations, partnerships or professional associations, affiliates, principals, officers, directors, general or limited partners, associates, employees, agents, and independent contractors).  We have checked our Lotus Notes database and don't have a record for either of these entities.  Will you let me know if your groups have had any dealings with these two entities or know of a business person who has done business with either of these entities?  We MUST respond to Enron Corp. Legal by noon Thursday (10/4).  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Russell:  Attached for review is the draft of the proposed fee letter in connection with the Torch deals.  Let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Thanks!  Marie 
 We've had the lynch mob organized for some time now.  We're just trying to use the "kinder and gentler" approach for now.  But, if that doesn't work, look out! 
 Do you want to send it to Roeline or do you want me to? 
 Thanks, Diane! 
 Okay with me! 
 Hi, Roeline!  Attached for your review is a draft of the proposed fee letter in connection with the assignments and terminations.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Our Confirmation Desk is in the process of revising the termination of ENA Deal No. NL0619.1 to delete the fee reference, and I will forward it to you when ready.  Please let me know when you have signoff on the other documents and I will finalize and have executed by ENA and forward to you.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Gordon:  Attached is the Deemed ISDA and fax cover page for Deal No. Y61166.1 between ENA and the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 FYI 
  Linda:  Will you follow-up with Tanya in Credit as to exactly what type of documents you need copies of, or arrange for someone to go and look through her files?  Tanya's phone # is 33263.  Thanks!  Marie 
 She was going to revise the termination and bring it to me, but I haven't gotten it yet.  Marie 
  FYI 
 Where were you yesterday?  You didn't stop by to initial Allegheny.  Are you going to initial this before you go to London? 
 Tom:  You can only see the master agreement database.  The brokerage agreement database is separate and cannot be viewed by anyone outside Legal.  The Bear Stearns agreement you see listed is there in error.  It should be in the brokerage agreement database.  We do have listings for Morgan and Goldman.  Sara wasn't aware that you couldn't see this database when you spoke,  Marie 
 You should have received a fax from me by now.  Have you not received it? 
 Yes. 
 Hi, Roeline!  I'm sending the original revised Termination Agreement over to you this afternoon.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Yea, and it needs to stop right now! 
 Legal has been asked to review and approve all confirmation templates currently being used.  We would like to schedule a meeting to discuss the materials we will need for this review.  Will you advise me of your availability in the next few days so that we can schedule a meeting?  (Diane, I realize we will have to work around the one hour time difference between Houston and Calgary.)  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Roeline:  We would prefer to sign the fee letter at the same time we sign the assignments.  Yes, we will sign enough originals of all documents so that all parties can have an original.  Hopefully we can get this wrapped up tomorrow, as I will be out of the office Friday.  Marie 
 Barbara and Anne:  Below is an e-mail I sent to schedule a meeting with the confirm desks to discuss the materials we will need in order to start the review of the confirm templates.  Do you want to attend?  If so, I will notify you once I hear from everyone else as to their availability so that we can schedule a meeting that we all can attend.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Okay.  Why don't you let me know on Monday your availability for next week.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Dianne:  Thanks for responding so quickly.  It seems that we will be scheduling the meeting for next week.  Are you available then?  Marie 
 Joe:   Attached are the Deemed ISDAs for the two deals that were done yesterday with the referenced counterparties.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Attached is the Annex B for the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 This is an easy one.  1400 Smith, EB3803B.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Diane:  I hate to bother you since you're busy, but will you sign one more original of each of the two Torch termination agreements for me?  Torch wants a copy with original signatures for their file, so in order for us to have an original with their signature, we need to have two originals signed.  When they're ready, if you'll call me, I'll send a clerk down to get them.  Thanks!  Marie 
 What about next week?  Diane asked if we could schedule for next week as she is swamped and short-handed this week.  Marie 
 You're the best!  Thanks! 
  FYI.  We received this worksheet from Aparna for a trade with Interstate Resources, Inc. and Subsidiaries? 
 Roeline:  Do you have a fax/phone number for Eric Twombly?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mr. Smith:  Pursuant to Wendi LeBrocq's request, I am attaching a draft Confidentiality Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and Sunlaw Energy Corporation.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  If the attached is acceptable, we will prepare two original copies, signed by Enron North America Corp. and forward to you for execution.  Thank you for your assistance.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Sara:  I do not see a copy of an opinion in the file nor have we received one since I sent the execution copies of the ISDA to Steve Lins.  Marie 
 Yes.  I do have a meeting at 10 this morning, but should be out around 11.  Just let me know. 
 We have received an executed financial Master Agreement.  Type of Contract:	Master Agreement (Industrial)  Effective Date:		August 2, 2001  Enron Entity:		Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:		Albchem Industries Ltd.  Transactions Covered:	Approved for natural gas and crude oil products.  Not approved for pulp and paper, weather, foreign 				exchange, steel, interest rate and currency or forward rate.  Confirming Entity:	Enron Canada Corp.  Governing Law:		Province of Alberta 
 I did the comparison and gave it to Mary to review.  Credit is deciding what to do in light of the problems with the airlines. 
 Matt:  Attached for your further handling is the form of guaranty to be issued by Commercial Metals Co. in favor of ENA, guaranteeing obligations of SMI.  Please note that Commercial Metals needs to complete SMI's correct legal name.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 This has sound to it. 
 We would like to schedule a meeting for Wednesday, October 10 from 2:00 to 3:00 in EB38C2 to discuss the materials Legal will need in connection with its review and approval of all confirmation templates currently being used.  Please let me know if you will be able to attend.  Thanks!  Marie   Dianne S.  We will conference you in. 
 We have a scheduling conflict with our conference rooms.  Is everyone available from 9:00-10:00 Wednesday, October 10?  Same conference room.  Sorry!  Marie 
 So what was her beef if the copies were for our people? 
 Oh, please!  The exhibits should have been organized and conformed prior to execution. 
 Hi, Derek!  Any word on where we stand on this master agreement?  Hope all is well.  Marie 
  Another follow-up message re status of execution of master agreement.  Please advise.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Tracy!  Where do we stand on Allegheny?  We really would like to finalize this master ASAP.  Thanks!  Marie 
 No, you can do power. 
 Donna:  I checked the corporate database and Rick is a Vice President of RAC.  Do we want to prepare new board resolutions authorizing him as a second signatory on the brokerage agreements for ENA, ECT Investments and Enron Credit Inc.?  Marie 
 We don't have to wait until the board meeting.  We do a unanimous written consent and circulate among the directors for signature. 
  I never received a response to my 9/17 e-mail to you re this amalgamation.  Are there any credit issues with respect to this amalgamation?  Thanks!  Marie 
 The meeting is scheduled for tomorrow from 9-10 in EB38C2. 
 Ms. Lemont:  It is our understanding that in connection with the opening of the referenced account, Bear Stearns has agreed to allow ECT Europe to sign the same form of Institutional Account Agreement that Enron Credit Inc. signed in April, 2001.  Please forward execution copies of such agreement to us and we will obtain execution on behalf of ECT Europe.  Additionally, we are in the process of adopting resolutions on behalf of ECT Europe allowing for the opening of brokerage accounts.  Will Bear Stearns be able to open the ECT Europe account prior to receiving the corporate documentation? 
 We have been advised by Mary Kay Lemont that Bear Stearns will not open this new account until they have all corporate documentation in place.  ECT Europe Finance, Inc. does not have resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts, so we are currently preparing corporate resolutions to circulate for signature.  Will the authorized traders in this account be those authorized to trade on Enron Credit's behalf?  If so, will you provide me with a current list?  Additionally, is this the only position that will be in this account?  Thanks!  Marie 
  Arthur has surfaced!  But why he's plodding through it is beyond me.  He said he was ready to sign so that's why we sent execution copies.  Obviously he hadn't even reviewed the draft.  Go figure!  Marie 
 Sooner than January?  I'll let you know if I hear of anything.  I'm sure Mark H. is planning on you just integrating into ENA's legal group. 
 Susan:  Jorge Garcia on the interest rate and currency desk forwarded this e-mail to me requesting certain RMT masters.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Susan:  I think this is yours.  Thanks! 
 Yes 
 Mr. Guinn:  I have the Second Amendment signed by Enron North America and evidently deleted your e-mail regarding who I should send copies to for execution?  Will you please provide me once again with this information?  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Jeff:  I have the documents ready to be signed in connection with opening the referenced account.  Can you assist me in getting them signed?  The officers who can sign are:  Any one of:  Mark Frevert Ben Glisan John Sherriff  together with any one of:  Rick Buy Rick Carson  Since we don't know the ins and outs as to why we are opening this account for this entity, Sara suggested that you or someone in your shop contact one of the officers from each group to explain the account and ask them to sign the documents.  Once you have determined who will sign, let me know and I'll take care of routing them for signature and getting them to Bear Stearns.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 Mary Kay:  I am routing the documents for signature now.  Will fax them to you when si= gned.  Marie 
 Gordon:  Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced transaction, together with a fax cover page.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Mary Kay:  I am faxing to you this morning those documents that we have signed so far.= Will you send me your physical delivery address so that I can send the or= iginals to you?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Exceptions:  Vacation Day - 10/5.  Thanks! 
 Yes.  They are sending their originals to us so that we can put them all together and distribute. 
 Tanya:  Will you provide me with a definition of "Capital Reserves" which you used in the CSFB (Europe) worksheet?  Thanks!  Marie 
 If you are still in Houston tomorrow and get the urge to initial the ISDA, please call Samantha Boyd at 39188 and she will be happy to either show you where they are or send them to you (wherever you may be).  Thanks!  Marie 
 Rebecca:  Attached is the Annex B for Deal No. YA2985.1.  Please attach Annex A, Annex B and the Canadian Annex, since this is a cross border transaction.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 I had no interaction with her, so can't comment. 
 YUK! 
 Cindy:  Attached is a form of Enron Corp. guaranty that we are required to deliver in connection with a confirmation.  Please process this guaranty by the end of day tomorrow, as I must overnight it to the counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Cindy:  Mary Perkins executed an amendment to the Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of Bear Stearns, et al on May 15, 2001.  The original guaranty guaranteed obligations of Enron Credit Inc. under a brokerage arrangement.  Bear Stearns has requested a certificate of incumbency with Mary's specimen signature.  I have prepared and am attaching such certificate.  If acceptable, please have Mary sign and Kate (or another asst. secretary) certify.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Laurel and Jorge:  Attached is the form of confirmation for Credit Suisse First Boston London Branch.  ENA is the confirming party and calculation agent.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 I am finalizing the documentation for Jeff's signature now.  The resolution (Jeff does not sign) will have to follow.  Please provide me with the contact information so that I can forward the documents to CSFB (phone, fax and courier delivery address).  Marie 
 I am having it looked at and will 
 I am having it looked at and will send it down this afternoon. 
 Tomorrow is fine. 
 Yes. 
 Attached for your further handling is Annex B for the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. 
  Gordon:  Here is the revised Deemed ISDA.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Hi, Robbi!  How are things going?  Any more news?  We have finally decided on our fabric and the amount of yardage.  What's the next step?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Roeline!  Just checking on the status of the original assignments I forwarded to you for execution.  Have you received them back from UOM, Dynegy and Sempra?  If so, will you send me an original of each for my files?  Hope all is going well and that you have a great weekend.  Marie 
 Hi, Sheila!  Can you verify for us the account numbers at both Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley that we need to assign back into?  Thanks!  Marie 
 We have received the following executed assignments:  1.	Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of September 28, 2001 among Johns Manville Corporation and Johns Manville International, Inc. and ENA, whereby Johns Manville Corporation assigned Deal No. VH0047.1 to Johns Manville International, Inc.  2.	Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of September 28, 2001 among Johns Manville International Group, Inc. and Johns Manville International, Inc. and ENA, whereby Johns Manville International Group, Inc. assigned Deal No. QP0373.1 to Johns Manville International, Inc.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Okay, here goes!  Robert Allen  Pattern:  Bearnson Color:  Aged Gold Price:  $65.90 Yardage:  17 yards  Pattern:  Scholtes Color:  Cinnabar Price:  $80.50 Yardage:  18 yards  Pattern:  McGeary Color:  Citron Price:  $59.50 Yardage:  3-1/2 yards  Pattern:  Jungle Rhythm - we saw this at Expo and didn't know if we could order it here Color:  Cinnabar Price:  $77.50 (at Expo) Yardage:  1 yard   Schumacher  Pattern:  184180 Name:  Dior Toile Color:  Onyx Price:  $50.00 Yardage:  4 yards   Kravet  Pattern:  17392 - Shown Railroaded Color:  30 Price:  $69.80 (at Expo) Yardage:  8-1/2 yards   The shipping address would be:	8027 Oakwood Trace Houston, Texas  77002 (713) 896-1673 - home #  Will there be a problem ordering this much fabric?  Also, will you know the amount of shipping, etc. charges so that we can pay for it up front?  I'll have to have my accountant (Anne) write a check or whatever method is needed.  Again, thanks so much for your help.  We really appreciate it!  Marie 
 Oops, forgot about lunch.  I'm available Monday or Tuesday.  Just let me know if either works for you.  Marie 
  Ed:  Attached are AES's comments to our draft ISDA.  Please respond to those which are credit related.  Thanks!  Marie 
 No, you can send them all together.  I was just trying to clean some stacks of paper off my desk and realized that I hadn't received the originals.  Thanks for your further assistance on this.  Marie 
 I thought you were going to come by and initial the master agreement.  I can't get it signed until you initial.  Will you please initial the two pages I faxed to you on 8/13 and fax back to me ASAP so that I can have the agreement signed here in Houston?  Thanks. 
 Richard:  Credit is not throwing you off.  They did send a revised worksheet.  I turned around comments and they have been reviewed by a lawyer.  I am working on finalizing our comments to send back to AA today.  Marie 
 Todd:  At last, I am attaching our response to your comments of 7/19/01, together with a clean and blacklined draft of the ISDA Master Agreement for Georgia Power Company.  Please note that these same comments will apply for Savannah Electric and Mississippi Power with the exceptions set forth in our response.  Please let us know if you have any questions or additional comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Richard:  As you can see below, I just replied to Mark instead of forwarding to you.  Credit is not throwing you off.  They did send a revised worksheet.  I have turned around comments and they have been reviewed by a lawyer.  I have completed finalizing the comments, but since AA sent their agreement in pdf (which cannot be edited), I have had to turn around a hard copy of our comments.  Can you give me a physical address where I can overnight our comments?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Richard:  Thanks for the info.  I'll send it overnight to her and will copy you on my correspondence (with a copy of our comments).  Marie 
 Patrick and Rebecca:  Attached are the Deemed ISDAs for the referenced counterparties.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 I don't know.  Which entity did the weather trade? 
 Sounds great!  Sorry we won't be able to help move, unpack, babysit (or should I say "queensit") but unfortunately we'll be celebrating Anne's birthday (no, not her 34th!) the same day!  Hopefully we'll make it up your way next year to visit and most importantly, meet "The Queen".  Love,  Marie 
 Mr. Ellis:  Pursuant to your request, I am attaching for your review the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please contact me with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Here is the executed masters list.  We will try to get you guys on the distribution list, but if we can't we'll just forward the e-mail to you.  Is there anyone else in your group we should add to the list?  Marie 
 That's fine.  They probably want the original.  Marie 
 I don't know who Debbie Nicholls is either. 
 I did and she did. 
 Hi, Roeline!  Eric faxed me a copy of the assignment and new confirmation signed by Sempra but I have not seen the originals.  Marie 
 We have received a certificate of amalgamation evidencing the merger of Pacifica Papers Inc. with and into Norske Skog Canada Limited, with Norske Skog Canada Limited being the surviving entity.  I have received verification from Credit that they are okay with this amalgamation.  I will forward a copy of the documentation to Global Counterparty.  Marie 
 Cheryl:  We have received a certificate of amalgamation evidencing the amalgamation of Pacifica Papers Inc. with and into Norske Skog Canada Limited with Norske Skog Canada Limited being the surviving entity.  Credit is aware of this and has no problems.  I will forward copies of the documentation to you.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Marie 
 I wish I could, but I have a paralegal lunch today. 
 Cindy:  Attached are a form of Enron Corp. guaranty and certificate of incumbency to be executed in connection with an ISDA Master Agreement with Pursue Energy Corporation.  Please call me when the guaranty is ready and I'll arrange for pickup.  Thanks!  Marie 
  This is cute. 
 Hi, Robbi!  Hope you are enjoying your time off.  I know I certainly enjoyed Friday and Tuesday and hated to come back today.  Anne and I went to the Decorative Center yesterday, and tried to check out some samples at Beacon Hill (Robert Allen Fabrics) and they couldn't find your account.  Do you have an account there, or was I mistaken?  Anyway, I thought I'd e-mail you since I don't have your home number in case you were going to the Decorative Center later this week to see if you could check out some samples for us if you had time.  At Beacon Hill  (Robert Allen):  Pattern:  Bearnson Color:  Aged Gold  Pattern:  Scholtes Color:  Cinnabar  Pattern:  McGeary Color:  Citron  At Brunschwig & Fils (Gaston y Daniela):  Pattern No.:  82315-198 Name:  Chevron Woven Texture Color:  Teja  Pattern No.:  82315 - 401 Name:  Chevron Woven Texture Color:  Verde Agua  At Schumacher & Co. (Greeff)  Pattern No.:  3185017 Name:  Ephemera Color:  Grass  Pattern No.:  3185046 Name:  Ephemera Color:  Bittersweet  Pattern No.:  3112096 Name:  Alpine Color:  Pumpkin  If you don't go back to DC or have already gone, we can maybe find the Robert Allen samples at Expo. They sell his fabrics there.  Thanks!  We really appreciate your help.  Marie 
 Yes, please.  Also, please add taxes.  We certainly don't want to do anything that will mess his records up since you all are so kind to do this.  Do you want us to pay in advance?  That won't be a problem either.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Well, I guess that's why they get to have such nice, pretty stores.  What's Eric doing up here meeting with the attorneys?  Also, Jane said that Mary Nell and Peter were given packages?  Is this true? 
 Do we have a conflict?  The CA will be to obtain financials.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Glad you enjoyed them! 
 I bet Mary Nell was made that they wouldn't let her come back to Houston.  I haven't heard anything.  I know that several of our lawyers and Carol have been meeting to finalize a Master Netting agreement.  There are some issues with the master netting agreement and some of the big financing transactions.  Maybe that's what they are working on.  If I hear anything, I'll let you know. 
 That makes sense since we have that SEC inquiry going on. 
  My sentiments exactly! 
  Did I send this to you already? 
 Gordon:  Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced deal, together with a fax cover sheet.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Mr. Marovich:  Pursuant to Theresa Brogan's request, we have prepared and attach for your review a draft Assignment and Assumption Agreement among Enron North America Corp. ("ENA"), ECT Investments, Inc. ("ECTI") and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated ("Morgan") whereby ENA assigns all its rights, title, interests and obligations in Account No. 038-C12278 to ECTI.  I am also attaching a draft dupe letter re same.  Please let me know if the attached documents are acceptable and we will process for signature.  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mike:  We are still waiting on a credit worksheet from Credit.  We can't proceed without a worksheet.  Marie 
 Mr. Arens:  Pursuant to Theresa Brogan's request, we have prepared and attach for your review a draft Assignment and Assumption Agreement among Enron North America Corp. ("ENA"), ECT Investments, Inc. ("ECTI") and Goldman Sachs & Co. ("Goldman") whereby ENA assigns all its rights, title, interests and obligations in Account Nos. 002-070076, 002-257830 and 033-671710 to ECTI.  Please let me know if the attached documents are acceptable and we will process for signature.  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Oh, my gosh!  Thanks.  I'll resend it. 
 Charlie:  Attached for your further handling are drafts of the First Amendment to Master Agreement, together with a First Amendment to Guaranty in connection with the ENA/3TEC master agreement.  Please note that in addition to amending certain credit provisions, we are also amending the current setoff provision and also adding a provision regarding "severability".  If the attached drafts are acceptable, please let me know  and I'll process for execution.  Marie x33907 
 Please be advised that Sara has approved and Bill Bradford as signed, on behalf of ENA, the following documentation:  1.	Fourth Amendment to Master Energy Price Swap Agreement between ENA and Morgan Stanley Capital Group, Inc.;  2.	Amendment Agreement between ENA and The Chase Manhattan Bank; and  3.	Derivatives Novation Letter among Deutsche Bank AG, Bankers Trust Company and ENA.  Originals of the above documents have been forwarded to the respective counterparties for execution. 
 Tom:  We have our own form of corporate resolutions.  It was being circulated for signature by the directors and I just received it back today.  I told Kelly Keneally when I sent the documentation to her that we were in the process of routing this for signature and that I would send her a certificate certifying these resolutions when completed.  Marie 
 Hi, Matt!  How's the new job going?  Things are so crazy here, it's unbelievable!  My e-mail where you forwarded the proposed resolutions to me was automatically deleted.  Can you send it to me again, or tell me where I can find the documents?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mary:  Pursuant to Sara's request, I am attaching a list of the brokerage agreements and other documentation we either currently have in place or are negotiating with Goldman, Sachs et al.  Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Mary Cook has requested that you attend a meeting tomorrow morning (Tuesday, October 30) from 10:00 to 11:00 in EB38C2  to discuss master netting agreements.  The directive Mary has presently been given is that we will be preparing various master netting agreements and she would like to solicit as much additional help as she can.  If the directive changes before the meeting tomorrow, we will advise everyone.  Please review the below attachments prior to the meeting if your schedule allows.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Sara:  Attached are copies of the confirms.  I put a copy in each of the Citibank and Delta files.  I don't remember there being a project name.  Marie 
 Here are the guidelines for an ECP.  Hope this helps.  If not, let me know.  Is there supposed to be bad news coming? 
 Cindy:  This is the guaranty I spoke with Clement about.  It MUST be signed either this afternoon or first thing tomorrow morning.  It is our standard guaranty except that it is multiparty/multiproduct.  Please call me when it's ready and I'll send someone to pick it up.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a memo that I prepared in April, 2000 regarding procedures for opening brokerage accounts.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara at x35620 or me with any questions.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
 Hi, Bianca!  Francisco Pinto Leite has asked me to give him a list of all outstanding ISDAs and Deemed ISDAs with Mexican counterparties.  Can you send me a list of the Deemed ISDAs that are still outstanding (either comments received or counterparty has not returned signed copy).  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
 fhdftghfht 
 Esmeralda:  I'm available.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I'm just now going through my e-mails from last week as I was out cleaning up after the flood.  I had given Cynthia the omnibus forms before I left, so I don't know what they are doing/not doing up there.  Marie 
 WHAT????????  How can this be?  Who allowed this to happen?  What are we going to do?  There is no one worthy to take your place as favorite credit person.  Those structuring people can't possibly be nicer than us.  I guess I wish you well, although it's going to be bad for us.  Oh, as far as the HUGE Happy Hour, I hope you aren't getting your hopes up too high.  Remember, it's Bill!  Seriously, we will miss you and I wish you all the best.  Marie 
 Hi, Bernice!  I don't think Legal needs to review your correspondence requesting this information, but we will still need to receive copies of the name changes, mergers, etc.  Thanks!  Marie 
   Susan:  Attached are Frank's hedge fund forms.  The first one is a blackline and the second one is the actual form. 
 I have received the executed certificates from Enron Corp. and will send to= you via overnight courier.  I will also include the Termination of the Gua= ranty. 
  Aparna:  Below are Tidewater's comments to the omnibus confirmation.  Please let me know what changes are acceptable.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Tracy:  Will you handle this?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Tiffany:   Attached is the revised Annex B for the omnibus confirmation.  We have addressed the counterparty's concerns as follows:  1.	Annual vs. monthly financial statements - the annex provides for delivery of annual audited financial statements and quarterly unaudited financial statements.  It does not require delivery of monthly financial statements.  2.	We have revised Annex B to be 2- way, meaning that the provisions apply to both the counterparty and ENA.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
  Fred:  I am passing this e-mail along to Tracy Cooper.  I am no longer with EBS and Tracy is the paralegal who took my place, so she will be assisting you on preparing master agreements.  Hope all is well!  Marie 
 Gentlemen:  Pursuant to Jarrod Cyprow's request, I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of your form Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex, which reflect our comments to such forms.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Tracy:  Look in the closing binder (the BMC binders) were on your file cabinets.  The side letter should be in there.  Marie 
 Mike:  Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a draft form of Collateral and Exposure Provisions (two way cash only) for the Citibank transactions.  Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Holly!  If you update the July calendar, I have jury duty (yuk!) on July 20th.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mike:  Pending resolution of the credit annex issue, attached are drafts of the Delta Energy/ENA and Citibank/ENA confirmations.  Please contact Sara with any questions or comments.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Joe:  Attached for your further handling is Annex B for the referenced transaction.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Steve:  I have sent the amendment to the Agency Agreement to Gary Hickerson for signature on behalf of ECT Investments, Inc.  When executed, I will fax you a copy.  How do you want to handle obtaining Michael Brown's signature?  Do you want me to send the original to you and you will coordinate getting his signature, or do you want me to send it to Michael directly?  I know Michael, so I don't have a problem with sending it directly to him, or I can certainly send it to someone in Legal in London to coordinate getting his signature.  Please let me know how you want to handle this.  In addition, I made a few minor changes to the amendment.  ECT Investments' name is ECT Investments, Inc. with a comma between "Investments" and "Inc.".  Also, Gary Hickerson is President of ECT Investments rather than Managing Director, and I also added his and Michael's middle initials.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Joe:  A mere technicality!  Here is the revised Annex B.  Thanks for catching!  Marie 
 Attached for your review are the confirmations for Citibank/ENA and Delta/ENA.  Please contact Sara with any questions or comments.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Ed:  Attached are the following:  1.	ConEd's form of Schedule and Paragraph 13 and  2.	Our comparison of the above documents.  Please review the following credit related items and let me know if you are okay with ConEd's language or if you would prefer our revision:  1.	Part 1(c) - "Cross Default" - ConEd has left in the provision re cross acceleration, which we usually take out, but leave in if our counterparty is a financial institution.  2.	Part 1(d) - "Credit Event Upon Merger" - will you agree to ConEd's language?  Also, I know you said that we were just going to comment on ConEd's version without credit, but Sara wanted to know if you want to include cross-default thresholds and the same matrix we are using in the two specific transactions.  Please let me have your response to the above as soon as possible so that we can send our comments to ConEd, as they are getting pretty agitated that we are taking so long.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Jay:  It's your friendly pest AGAIN!!!!!!!!  Do you have an address for me for Southern California and have you found out anything about "Petro-Hunt L.L.C." and "Petro-Hunt Corporation being the same entity?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached for your review are the revised Citibank/ENA and Delta/ENA confirmations.  I am attaching only clean copies as the compare documents note all changes, not just the ones made today.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Pretty impressive! 
 Here are the revised confirms.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Oops!  I was supposed to tell you that Sara is working on the Enron Corp. guaranty so we should have them to you shortly. 
 Mr. Bicker:  Pursuant to Frank Sayre's request, I am attaching a clean and blacklined copy of the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with the draft Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex, which drafts incorporate the latest comments and revisions.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Thank you!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Steve:  What is your exact location so that hopefully, the document will reach you and not float around Enron House?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Sounds great to me!  Thanks! 
 Attached are the revised draft confirms.  Marie 
 Pursuant to Jason Williams' request, I am attaching our draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with a draft Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Craig:  Jay Williams sent a credit worksheet for Petro-Hunt, L.L.C. on 6/24.  There was a question regarding this entity, which Jay had answered by Petro-Hunt on 6/27.  I have drafted the master and once it has been reviewed by a lawyer, I will send it on to Liz Luthans.  Marie 
 Hi, Holly!  The only exceptions I have were Monday and Tuesday, June 18 and 19 were vacation days.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Michael:  Here they are!  I will send you copies of the pre-printed ISDA Credit Support Annex to attach to the hard copies.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Kristina:  Pursuant to our conversation, attached is the form of Consent and Assignment for execution by Enron North America Corp. in connection with the natural gas and basis swaps to be assigned to Morgan Stanley Capital Group, Inc.  As I stated, our credit department is verifying the transactions being assigned so once I receive information from them, we will contact you with any questions or comments.  Please do not hesitate to call if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Kristina:  My CompareRite feature is not working right now, but I can point out the changes we made.  The changes we made were to the final revised form that Carol St. Clair prepared, so for the most part, the changes are the same as hers with these exceptions:  1.	Preamble - "Enron Power Marketing, Inc." has been changed to "Enron North America Corp., formerly known as Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.".  2.	First "WHEREAS" paragraph - "WHEREAS, ....identified on Exhibits A and B hereto (whether one or more referred to herein collectively as the "Transactions"), under the ISDA Master Agreement dated May 14, 1998...;".  3.	Second "WHEREAS" paragraph - changed "a" to "an" before "Assignment Agreement dagted April 25, 2001".  4.	Paragraph 3 - changed "Consent and Assignment" to "Consent to Assignment".  5.	Paragraph 8 - "As of...that certain ISDA Master Agreement, dated as of June 16, 1992...".  6.	Signature Line changed from "Enron Power Marketing, Inc." to "Enron North America Corp., formerly known as Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.".  7.	Added Exhibit A (Natural Gas Transactions) and Exhibit B (Basis Swaps).  If my CompareRite starts working, I'll try to send you a blacklined copy.  Marie 
 I spoke with Frank about your proposed changes and he was okay with your first change, however,  the definition of "Investment Policy" does appear in Section 5(c)(i).  What documentation sets forth your investment objectives, restrictions, etc.?  Also, do you have any comments to the forms of guaranty agreements attached to the ISDA?  Finally, we are awaiting copies of Quark's documents, those of its Manager and those of any other relevant entities so that we can review them and verify that there are no issues that would require delivery of a legal opinion.  Thank you for your assistance.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Anthony:  There's not a form of assignment attached.  The attachment is your Overseas Securities Lending Agreement.  Marie 
 Okay.  Do you want me to just walk down to your office? 
 Ms. Luthans:  Attached are drafts of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  I will forward a hard copy of the complete ISDA Master Agreement to you via overnight courier.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I guess it would help if I attached the documents.  Sorry!  Here they are. 
 Hi, Jaime:  Attached for your further handling is the draft ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced counterparty.  Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Becky:  I didn't have anything for her, so I can't complete the review form.  Marie 
 Francisco:  Here is the CA for Procter & Gamble Manufactura.  Marie 
 Enrique:  Pursuant to Francisco's request, I am attaching for your further handling a draft Confidentiality Agreement between ENA and the referenced counterparty.  Please let us know if you have any questions or comments or need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Joe:  Please update the attached list and forward to Jay Williams and me.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Dan:  Attached are clean and blackline drafts of the ISDA Master Agreement noting your changes to Parts 5(b)(g)-"Eligibility" and 5(p)-"Additional Definitions".  If the attached revisions are acceptable, we should be in a position to finalize execution documents.  Did your lawyer have any comments to the guaranty forms?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Anthony:  Attached for your review are clean and blacklined copies of your form of assignment, which note our comments.  Please let me know if the attached changes are acceptable.  The only outstanding issue on our executing the new OSLA in favor of Morgan Stanley Securities Limited is our review of the Borrower's warranties which were not a part of the OSLA we executed with Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Samantha:  Can you let Banu know the status of the CA?  Thanks!  Marie 
 I'll be ready and waiting! 
 My heart skipped a beat when I read "Today is my last day...".  I thought you were leaving Enron.  Thank goodness you are only moving to a different group.  Congratulations and look forward to working with you in your new job!  Marie 
 Hi, George:  Attached for your review are our comments to your form of Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  I am also attaching for your review, a proposed amendment to the Confirmation for Deal No. 514094.01.  I will be out of the office from Thursday, July 5 through Monday, July 9.  If you have any questions during this time, please do not hesitate to contact Sara Shackleton at (713) 853-5620.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Thanks!  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Jaime:  Attached are the revised draft ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13, reflecting the counterparty's collateral threshold to be "$7,000,000" rather than "$5,000,000".  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Janelle:  As a condition to ENA entering into any new transactions with ConEd, Credit is requiring that ConEd execute the Amendment to Confirmation for Deal No. 514094.01 (to make sure both deals have identical credit).  Should you enter into a transaction with ConEd, and they haven't signed the amendment to the existing transaction, the new transaction may have to be unwound.  Please let us know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Hi, Aparna!  Please copy me on e-mails forwarding credit worksheets as I am responsible for assigning them to the paralegals.  Thanks!  Marie 
 CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!  We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived.  Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that Mom is doing well.  Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones.  I know you all are going to have so much fun with them.  Hope you've been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while.  Again, congratulations.  These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon.  Take care  Marie 
 Hi, Cindy!  Attached is a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp. guaranty.  Also attached are forms of certificates to be signed by Kate Cole.  Please note that one of the certificates requires the inclusion of articles of incorporation and bylaws.  Please call me when the documents are ready and I'll have someone pick them up.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 Our group is going out for lunch today.  I'm free tomorrow and maybe Friday. 
  Carol:  Please copy me on e-mails forwarding credit worksheets to Legal.  It's now my turn to assign the worksheets among the paralegals.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thursday works for me! 
 I'll see y'all at 11:30 unless I hear otherwise. 
 We have received an executed financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			May 30, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Petro-Hunt, L.L.C.  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			Texas  Special Handling Requirements:	No special handling requirements  Copies will be distributed. 
 I sure did!  thanks! 
 Jarrod:  I have checked our database and here is what I found:  Clorox - nothing has happened since you contacted them in May and they said they would send it in a few weeks.  Nestle - nothing since we sent them a revised draft in July, 1998.  Let us know if you want us to follow up with them.  Marie 
 I did locate our comments to Nestle's form of schedule originally drafted for Nestle Holdings, Inc., which they revised to reflect Nestle USA, Inc.  These comments were delivered to Ed Quinn on 5/21/99 to deliver to Nestle.  To our knowledge, nothing has happened since. 
 Mr. Perkins:  Pursuant to Veronica Espinoza's request, I am attaching the following for your review:  1.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex between Enron North America Corp. ("ENA") and Savannah Electric and Power Company.  2.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex between ENA and Georgia Power Company.  3.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex between ENA and Mississippi Power Company.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Brent Hendry, Senior Counsel at (713) 853-7124 (brent.hendry@enron.com) or me should you have any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I received a voice mail from George Diskin today and he would like to schedule a conference call on either August 6 or August 7 at either 12:00 or 1:00 (Houston time).  Will you let me know what will work for each of you so that I can coordinate with George.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Holly:  I had vacation time on July 5, 6 and 9.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Cindy!  Attached are a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp. guaranty, together with a form of Certificate of Incumbency.  Please let me know when the documents are ready and I'll send someone to pick them up.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Hope this reaches you this time.  Marie 
 That's fine.  I'll direct the comments to the appropriate individuals.  Marie 
 Veronica:  There shouldn't be a legal reason why we can't do this, however, we will need copies of all the Enron Corp. guaranties (and any amendments thereto), together with details of all contracts that will be covered.  Also, has Oneok Energy Marketing and Trading Company, L.P. provided any incoming guaranties and, if so, do we want to consolidate those?  Marie 
 Francisco has requested that anytime we email a Deemed ISDA for a Mexican counterparty to the Confirm Desk, we ask them to return a copy, signed by the counterparty, to us as soon as they receive it back.  When we receive the signed copy, we should give it to Francisco.  Thanks!  Marie 
 We have received the following executed financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			July 10, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Quark Power LLC  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Choice of Law:			New York   Copies will be distributed. 
 It's hard to say "Quark".  I want to call it "Quack". 
   (A)  "Independent Amount" means with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in each Confirmation, or if no amount is specified, zero.  [(A)  "Independent Amount" means with respect to Party A, the amount specified as such for Party A in each Confirmation, or if no amount is specified, zero and means with respect to Party B, the amount calculated as follows: on any Business Day, Party A shall have the right to adjust the Independent Amount due from Party B due to changes in the volatility of relevant markets or of Party B's portfolio of transactions with Party A ("Party B's Portfolio").  Party A will calculate such Independent Amount based on its internal Value at Risk ("VAR") calculation for up to ten (10) days of VAR with respect to Party B's Portfolio, provided, however, that in no event shall Party B's Independent Amount be less than $250,000 if there are any outstanding transactions.] 
 Bianca:  Attached for your further handling are the Deemed ISDA for Total International Limited, together with a fax cover page.  Please let us know when you receive the signed Deemed ISDA back and whether or not the counterparty returns the documentation requested in the fax cover page.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks!  Marie 
 The conference call with Consolidated Edison has been scheduled for Monday, August 6 at 1:00 in Sara's office (EB3801A).  Please let me know if something comes up that you will not be able to attend so that I can inform George Diskin at ConEd.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Well, it's about time! 
 I just spoke to Anne and we decided that we would suffer and go eat supper with you and Mama tomorrow night, so we guess we'll just see y'all at Mass and then decide where to go.  Me 
  Aparna:  Regarding your e-mail asking us to prepare a confidentiality agreement, below is an e-mail from Tana Jones forwarding two forms of CAs to Credit so that you all can prepare your CAs requesting financials without having to ask Legal to prepare it.  The CA must be initialed by a lawyer prior to signing by either Bill or Rick, and a copy of the fully executed CA must be sent to Kay Young in Legal.  Let us know if you have any questions.  Marie 
 Joe:  Attached is the Annex B for each of Wexford Spectrum Investors LLC and Solitair Corp.  As I stated in my voicemail, please do not send these out until you get the okay from either Frank Sayre or me.  We are waiting to receive the underlying documentation from Caroline Abramo re eligibility, etc.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 That's okay.  I'll call you before I leave. 
 Tony:  Attached are forms of resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage agreements, together with a form of authorized traders list.  I don't know if Sara told you or not, but we typically require two signatories to open brokerage accounts.  Presently, our resolutions reflect Cassandra Schultz, Vice President of Risk Assessment and Control Group, a Division of Enron Corp. as being authorized, however, we have just learned that she hasn't been officially elected to this office, so in the interim, we will have Rick Buy be our second signature.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
  Jim:  Attached is the form of confidentiality agreement that Sara made reference to in her voice mail.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I hope to have the signed guaranty today.  All the Enron Corp. officers authorized to sign guaranties were out the latter part of last week, so the Legal Department was going to have to find someone today to sign the guaranties.  As soon as I receive it, I will fax it to you and send the original, together with the other documents to you by overnight courier.  Marie 
 Hi, Tanya!  Jay said that he has passed AK Steel along to you to look at.  I told him that I thought things were passed down the chain, not up and he said that when you are as good as he his, they are passed up the chain.  You may have something different to say about this.  Anyway, Chris Motley at AK is calling checking on the status of the ISDA.  We originally were going to have it signed, but when Samantha called Jay about initialling, he said Credit wanted to revisit the credit, so can you let me know the status so that I can tell Chris?  Thanks!  Marie 
 I was wondering who Miguel was and now I know. 
 In connection with Tana Jones' e-mail of July 12, 2001, I am attaching revised forms of the Credit Confidentiality Agreements for use in requesting financial statements from a counterparty.  Please begin using the attached forms when preparing confidentiality agreements and please refer to Tana's e-mail regarding procedures for preparing and signing the agreements.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at x33907. 
  Hi, Gordon!  Will you send us a copy of the termination when it is sent to Grupo MINSA?  Thanks!  Marie 
  Hi, Diane!  I just sent Gordon this e-mail asking him to send us a copy of the termination when sent to Grupo MINSA and received his "out of office" reply.  Will you or whoever prepares the termination send a copy to me?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Just cc: us on the copy.  Thanks! 
 My location is EB3803B, company number is 0413, and cost center is 105657. 
 Sure, but we'll need the same info for them. 
 Holly:  I don't remember if I told you the specific date that my jury duty has been rescheduled to, but if not, it's now scheduled for Friday, September 28.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Candace:  Yes, I have received the document and will do my best to get it signed today and returned to you by fax.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Max:  I will get the amendment to you today.  Marie 
 Credit has been instructed that either Rick Buy or Bill can sign the CA's.  Since these were strictly for financials (and signed by Enron Corp.), we weren't going to enter them into our database, but Kay Young is going to keep a copy in her files.  Do you have any suggestions or comments otherwise? 
 Max:  Per our conversation, attached is the draft First Amendment to Master Agreement.  If these changes are acceptable to the counterparty, they can either sign two originals and send to us for signature or, we can sign first and then forward to them.  If they have any questions, they can call either Frank Sayre (x57894) or me (x33907).  Thanks!  Marie 
 Agustin:  Per Francisco's request, I am attaching the clean and blacklined draft of the ISDA Master Agreement for Fersinsa.  Let us know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Joe:  Attached for your further handling is a "sample" confirm.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Here are the appropriate tax reps.   U.S. WITHHOLDING TAX  Party A: Enron North America Corp. Party B: Foreign Counterparty That is (i) Resident in a Treaty Jurisdiction and (ii) Acting Exclusively Through Non-U.S. Branches or Offices Part 2.=09Tax Representations. (a)=09Payer Representations.  For the purpose of Section 3(e), Party A and = Party B make the following representation: It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of an= y relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to = make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any pay= ment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii), or 6(e)) to be made= by it to the other party under this Agreement.  In making this representat= ion, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the oth= er party pursuant to Section 3(f), (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement c= ontained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and effectiveness= of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or= 4(a)(iii), and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party = contained in Section 4(d), provided that it shall not be a breach of this r= epresentation where reliance is placed on Clause (ii) and the other party d= oes not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of mat= erial prejudice to its legal or commercial position. (b)=09Payee Representations.  For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party A and = Party B make the following representation: It is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industr= ial and Commercial Profits" provision (as the case may be), the "Interest" = provision, or the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty= with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or t= o be received by it in connection with this Agreement, and no such payment = is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent= establishment in the Specified Jurisdiction. "Specified Treaty" means the income tax treaty between the United States an= d [country in which Party B is resident for treaty purposes]. "Specified Jurisdiction" means, with respect to Party A, [country in which = Party B is resident for treaty purposes]. "Specified Jurisdiction" means, with respect to Party B, the United States. [If (i) Party B is a bank and (ii) the relevant treaty does not provide for= a zero rate of withholding on interest, the following representation shoul= d be added to the Payee Representations: Party B makes the following representation: It is not entering into this Agreement in the ordinary course of its busine= ss of making loans.]   Part 3.=09Agreement to Deliver Documents. [Insert the following module in its entirety for what appears in Part 3 of = the Schedule where it states: "Insert appropriate Tax Forms Module"] =20 Party B=09United States Internal Revenue Service FormW--8BEN, or any succes= sor form =09(i) At execution of this Master Agreement and as otherwise prov= ided in this Part 3, (ii) before the first Scheduled Payment Date under thi= s Master Agreement, (ii) before the first Scheduled Payment Date in each th= ird successive calendar year, (iii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Part= y A, and (iv) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided= by Party B has become obsolete or incorrect =09Yes=09 
 Mr. Yaish:  At Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a blacklined draft of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex, which reflect changes made to the 3/30/01 draft.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 If you're scheduled for 9/4, you've missed it, but I guess you really mean 9/11.  Don't you just love a smart aleck? 
 I'll take care of this.  Sara and I were expecting these documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Ms. Marquez:  Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite, Senior Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.  Thank you for your assistance.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Boytinck:  Pursuant to Jason Biever's request, I am attaching, for your review, a draft Master Agreement between Garden City Plaza Ltd. and Enron Canada Corp.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel (713/853-3448; anne.koehler@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Aneela:  The ADM/Carr Futures Give-Up has been signed by fax and the ADM/Goldman Sachs & Co. Give-Up has also been signed by fax.  The ADM/Goldman Sachs International Give-Up won't be signed until the GSI agreement that Sara is working on has been signed.  Marie 
 Jim:  Per Francisco's request, attached are the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Brant:  Richard Friedman in Bill Berkeland's group would like to send a draft ISDA to Citgo Petroleum Corporation.  According to Lotus Notes, we sent them a draft in July, 1997.  Will you prepare a worksheet and send to us so that we can send Citgo a current draft?  If you aren't the right credit contact, will you pass this e-mail along?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Richard:  When I open your attachment, all that's there are characters that I can't decipher.  Can you resend me the contact information for Citgo?  Thanks!  Marie 
  Hi, Gennaro!  I'm trying to pull all these documents together so that we can have them re-executed and I noticed that the Euroclear single Pledgor Pledge Agreement attached is not the same version we signed.  The version we signed in RG500b(Pledgee's Representative version - 1998 Edition).  Do you have this version that you can send to me?  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Laurel:  Can you help me respond to Susan's e-mail?  I think her question is did the below transaction remain on ECT's US books or was it back to backed with the UK?  I think there is a tax question.  Thanks!  Marie 
 No, I haven't heard anything and yes, I will let you know when I do. 
  Annabel:  We have been waiting on you as per the attached e-mail from June 1, 2001.  Please call Sara when you have reviewed the attached e-mail once again.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Okey dokey. 
   http://home.enron.com/ 
 Sheila:  We prepared resolutions regarding the opening of brokerage agreements (the ones dated 11/30/2000), which authorized Cassandra to be a second signatory, however, the problem arose when we tried to get Kate Cole in the Corporate Secretary's office to certify a certificate of incumbency for Cassandra.  Cassandra has never officially been elected to the office of Vice President of Risk Assessment and Control, a division of Enron Corp., so as far as the corporate records are concerned, she is not officially a Vice President.  This will be resolved at the Enron Corp. Board Meeting in August and her appointment will be retroactive to November 1, 2000.  Until such time as this has occurred, she cannot be a second signature on our brokerage documents.  Marie 
 Hi, Wendi!  Attached is a form of multiparty/multiproduct guaranty that we would like for a counterparty to provide to us.  I checked with Tana and she said that this is the form we would use whether EOL or verbal transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 It's Rob Cass. 
 I'll take a look at it and run it by one of the other lawyers. 
 I checked and Sara sent a message to Credit on 3/26/01 but obviously has had no response.  You may want to respond to Mr. Martin and let him know that Sara did receive his message and that we were waiting on our Credit Department to respond and we will send them (Credit) another reminder that we are waiting to hear from them. 
 Tanya:  Sara received a request from FPL's outside counsel in March asking to execute an ISDA for the entity that trades for the non-regulated business units of the regulated entity, Florida Power & Light Co.  He is offering the guaranty of FPL Group Capital Inc.  Sara sent a copy of her Lotus Notes entry to you all asking someone to respond.  Today, she received another e-mail re status?  Russell worked on the Florida Power & Light Co. master.  Do you know who is or will be working on this, assuming it is something we want to do?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Kim:  I have been asked by our corporate paralegal to assist him in cleaning up the ENA corporate database as those individuals who have been appointed agent and attorney-in-fact to sign confirmations in connection with financial transactions.  Mary Cook has a copy of an e-mail in the file to Brenda Herod setting forth the procedures and telling her that you verify the requests and notify Legal of any changes.  In this e-mail, apparently Brenda asked that Mike Moscoso's and Kristen Hanson's appointments be revoked and that Lisa McClendon be added.  Will you let me know of any changes that should be made at this time?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Okay.  I thought you already had an account with them.  My mistake.  Also, do you have an account with Kravet?  We found a piece of their fabric that we really liked.  How was your vacation?  I'm sure you're glad to be back!  Marie 
 I already did. 
 Thanks! 
 YES!!!!!  I have to get money. 
 No problem.  I'll get them to you shortly. 
 Kim:  We are in the process of cleaning this mess up. Sally Beck and Rogers Herndon are both given power of attorney to sign confirmations and they are both officers of ENA, so they can already sign documents.  Go figure!  If it's not too much trouble for you to verify those who should be removed then I can double check against my list.  I don't want to remove someone who should be left, nor do I want to leave someone on who should be removed.  Thanks for your help.  P.S.  For timing purposes, we are shooting for Monday to finalize documentation. 
 Gordon:  Attached for your further handling is a form of Deemed ISDA to be used in connection with Deal Nos. VC0552.1, VC0552.5, VD7864.3, VG2227.3, VM0077.1 and VM5200.2.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Cindy:  Attached are the certificates to be issued in connection with the Enron Corp. Guaranties in favor of Inland Paperboard and Packaging and Quark Power LLC.  Both of these guaranties were signed by Mary Perkins on July 13, 2001.  Please process the attached certificates as soon as possible, as we have already forwarded our documentation to the counterparties and the only remaining items to be delivered are the attached certificates.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mr. Boytinck:  In connection with the execution of the referenced Master Agreement, I am attaching a form of certificate of incumbency to be completed and returned to us when the Master Agreement is signed.  Thank you for your assistance and, please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Karen:  I will fax you a copy of the ISDA Master Agreement and First Amendment.  Marie 
  Hi, Veronica!  Attached are comments from Todd Perkins to the Georgia Power, Mississippi Power and Savannah Electric ISDA's.  Once you have reviewed the credit comments, please let us have your responses.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Kimberly:  Attached is a blacklined draft of the confirmation marked to show the proposed changes that Frank Sayre and Mark Taylor made.  If you have any questions, please call Frank at 57894.  Marie 
 Erin:  Pursuant to your request, attached are the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Cindy:  Attached is a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp. Guaranty.  Please call me when ready and I'll send someone to pick the documentation up.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Ms. Bolton:  Pursuant to Derek Davies' request, I am attaching a draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  A full copy of the ISDA Master Agreement (preprinted forms and the below attachments) was sent by Federal Express to Ms. Marla Van Gelder on July 27.  Please let me know if you would like me to forward the preprinted forms to you or if you will be able to obtain the copy sent to Ms. Van Gelder.  Thank you for your assistance and, please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Shane:  Attached for your further handling is our standard "sample" ISDA Master Agreement.  Please don't hesitate to contact either Sara (x35620) or me (x33907) with any questions or comments.  Marie 
 Thanks, Linda! 
 Jim:  In connection with the upcoming Enron Corp. Board Meeting, we have prepared, and attach for your review, resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts on behalf of Enron Corp.  The current resolutions are outdated because certain of the offices no longer exist or have changed.  In addition, the interest rate and currency desk typically goes to Andy Fastow when documents need to be signed or written or oral instructions need to be given to brokers.  Andy's title has changed and he has also asked that Ben Glisan and Tim DeSpain be authorized to sign documents and to give instructions in connection with these brokerage accounts.  The attached resolutions are substantially like the ones ENA has adopted in connection with the opening of brokerage accounts.  ENA also requires two officers to sign documents to open brokerage accounts, but allows only one officer to sign subsequent documentation and to give instructions to the brokers.  Would you please review the attached resolutions and advise if they are acceptable so that we can submit them to Rebecca Carter  by tomorrow, August 1.  Thanks for your assistance and, please let us know if you have any questions.  Marie x33907 
 Gil:  Attached is the form of Prime Broker Margin Account Agreement that Morgan Stanley has prepared for Enron's use.  I am also attaching a form of authorized traders list for your use.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
  Jay:  Here are the comments for Georgia Power, Mississippi Power and Savannah Electric that I forwarded to Veronica.  Brent Hendry is the lawyer working on these files.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Attached are a clean and blacklined version of P.M.I.'s Amendment Agreement with our changes noted.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
  Jay:  Here is the e-mail I received from SoCal.  I haven't looked at their form, as I don't think we want to play the forms game with them.  If you want me to, I'll touch base with her to see how she is coming with commenting on our form.  Let me know.  Marie 
 Mr. Kohler:  Michael Law has asked us to finalize execution copies of the Master Agreement between Enron Canada Corp. and Albchem, Industries Ltd.  In order to complete the documentation, we will need the following information:  1.	Exhibit A - Notice -- please provide me with the name and fax number for the individual or group who should receive notices under the Master Agreement.  2.	Page 2 of the Enron Corp. Guaranty - please provide me with the name and fax number for the individual or group who should receive notices under the guaranty.  Once I have this information, I will finalize execution copies of the documents and forward them to our office in Calgary for execution.  In addition, I will request the original Enron Corp. guaranty and related certificates.  Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Joe Hunter said he sent an interoffice envelope sometime last week (he doesn't remember who he sent it to) containing copies of a confirm on the J Aron website, together with a copy of a Service Agreement.  He needs to make a copy of the documents.  Has anyone seen these documents?  If so, please let either Joe (x33316) or me know.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Rebecca:  In connection with the upcoming Enron Corp. Board Meeting, we have prepared proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts on behalf of Enron Corp.  The current resolutions are outdated because certain of the offices no longer exist or have changed.  In addition, Gary Hickerson's group typically goes to Andy Fastow when documents need to be signed or written or oral instructions need to be given to brokers to authorize the transfer of funds from Enron Corp.'s brokerage account(s), in particular the account at Morgan Stanley.  Andy's title has changed and he has also asked that Ben Glisan and Tim DeSpain be authorized to sign documents and to give instructions in connection with these brokerage accounts.  The attached resolutions have been drafted using the December 13, 1994 resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts, with the exception of the deletion of non-existing offices, change in officer titles and the addition of Ben Glisan and Tim DeSpain.  I am attaching a copy of the certificate we sent to Morgan Stanley in connection with the opening of the account for Enron Corp. certifying the December 13, 1994 resolutions.  Thanks for your assistance and, please let us know if you have any questions or need any additional documentation.  Marie x33907 
 Cindy:  Attached is an amendment to the Enron Corp. guaranty dated January 20, 1994 in favor of Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Company, which guaranty has been amended from time to time.  The attached amendment (i) adds Williams Energy Canada, Inc. as a beneficiary and increases the amount from $75MM to $100MM.  I prepared this form off the April 17, 2001 amendment form.  Please process this amendment ASAP as a deal has been entered into that is conditioned upon us delivering this amendment.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Cindy:  Attached are a form of Enron Corp. guaranty in favor of Albchem Industries Ltd., together with a form of Certificate of Incumbency.  Please process the attached document as soon as possible and call me at x33907 for pickup.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mary:  Attached is the status of my Canadian files:  1.	Albchem Industries Ltd. - sending for execution  2.	Garden City Plaza Ltd. - send to counterparty for execution on 7/26/01  3.	Canadian Hunter Resources - draft sent to counterparty on 7/27.  Marie 
 Don't we have our paralegal lunch today? 
 Attached is the Annex B for Deal No. VM4903.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Did you hear me ask and the response?  We are having the lunch today. 
 Attached is the draft Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Gordon:  Attached are (i) Deemed ISDA for Nylon de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. - Deal No. V13764.3 and (ii) Deemed ISDA for Polykron, S.A. de C.V. - Deal No. V13764.4.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Hi, Robbi!  Can you give me a call?  853-3907.  thanks!  Marie 
 Carol:  Here is the latest EBS telecom master.  Marie 
 Hi, Dan!  Just checking on the status of the documents I forwarded to you for execution.  Thanks!  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Cindy:  Attached for your further handling are the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of Petro-Hunt LLC, together with the appropriate certificates required to be delivered in connection with the Guaranty.  Please contact me at x33907 when the documentation is ready and I will arrange to have them picked up.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Have a great weekend!  Does this mean you won't be sending us anymore worksheets today? 
  Robbi:  I left you a voice mail on Friday.  I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had.  Marie 
 Reminder:  Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A. 
 Nick:  Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V.  Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
  Tana:  Here's info on the Elliotts.  Marie 
 OOPS!  Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you.  Marie 
 Rebecca:  I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.  I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.  Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Hi, Liz:  Pursuant to Craig Breslau's request, I am attaching the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex between Enron North America Corp. and Pursue Energy Corporation.  Please let me know if you would like for me to send you a hard copy with the pre-printed forms attached.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Ms. Marquez:  I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Tanya:  I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.  Will you pass along to the appropriate person?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Jeff:  Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Yolanda:  In connection with the execution of the ISDA Master Agreement with GAF Refining LLC, Section 3 requires that they provide the following documentation:  1.	IRS Form W-9 (Request for Taxpayer Identification Number)  2.	Certificate of Incumbency certifying (i) a true and correct copy of the certificate of organization or formation and operating agreement and (ii) the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer executing the ISDA on behalf of the sole member/manager of GAF Refining.  3.	Certificate of the Secretary/Assistant Secretary of GAF Refining certifying resolutions authorizing (i) the execution of the ISDA Master Agreement and (ii) the execution of energy price swap and option transactions.  I am attaching forms of the certificates listed as items 2 and 3 above.  If GAF needs the IRS W-9, they can go to their website at www.irs.gov and download a copy.  ENA will be providing a Certificate of Incumbency, certifying its articles of incorporation and bylaws and the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer executing the ISDA on behalf of ENA, together with a Certificate certifying resolutions as to its authority to enter into financial transactions and an IRS W-9.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 I finally remembered to send this to you. 
 Molly:  You might want to check with Robin Hill, since I don't know who is still there at EBS and who has left. 
 Hi, Paul!  I am attaching clean and blacklined drafts of the Master Agreements for each of Catequil Partners, L.P. and Catequil Overseas Partners, Ltd.  Please review and let us know of any changes we should make before sending them to Catequil.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Pat:  Attached for your further handling are a clean and blacklined draft of the Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd. and Uecomm Operations Pty Limited.  I blacklined my draft against the draft that David prepared since I didn't have a clean copy of Uecomm's comments.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Pat:  Attached for your further handling is the revised Master Agreement deleting the "eligible contract participant" rep.  Marie 
  Tanya:  I don't remember if I forwarded this on or not.  When we receive counterparties' paper, should we forward on to you or would you prefer we send them to Jay or someone else?  Marie 
 I think it will be okay for them to sign.  They will need to print and sign two originals and return both copies to you.  Both David and John will need to initial before the agreements can be signed by an authorized officer.  Additionally, our notice information will need to be completed.  Once signed by Uecomm and returned to you, please let me know so that we can process the Enron Corp. guaranty or will David process it from your end?  Also, I don't know if you will keep the original in Australia or if it will come back to Houston.  Robbi, do you know?  We can cross that bridge once it is fully executed.  Hope this isn't too confusing!  Marie 
  Tracy:  Can you send the latest long haul SLAs to Pat since I don't have access to them.  If you're not sure which ones to send, check with Robbi.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Okay. 
 I don't blame you.  Obviously she's not dependable and her heart isn't in it, not to mention the fact that she doesn't know what she's doing and I don't think she wants to learn.  That was pretty obvious when I was training her--she never seemed to be interested in the job, otherwise she would have tried to learn all she could and would have at least taken some pride in her work. 
 Celeste:  I guess there's no credit?  Marie 
 I'm working on the guarantees now, so I should have the draft to a lawyer today. 
 Sorry to hear about Dirk.  I will certainly let you know if I hear of anything.  We don't need any samples at Kravet--we have found a piece of their fabric that we are pretty sure we want to get.  The contractor is starting work on our house Monday, so our fun will be beginning.  Talk to you later.  Marie 
 Here it is. 
 Hi, Ken!  I just received a call from Chris Croom who wants to send an updated ISDA draft to Avery Dennison Corp.  Can we use the same credit, or do you want to revise it?  He said he was going to meet with the counterparty on Tuesday, so I'm sure he either wants them to get the draft before then or he will take it with him.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 I don't know off the top of my head where they are?  Is there a blue file?  Do I have a memo in my memo directory where I sent them to Contract Admin? 
 Wayne:  I went to Tracy's office to help Cynthia look for the documents and Cynthia found them, so you should be getting copies shortly.  Marie 
 Hi, Anna!  I apologize for not calling you today, but things got pretty hectic and I misplaced your message. Besides the termination of the Enron Corp. guaranty guaranteeing obligations of Enron North America Corp., please provide me with a list of the corporate certificates you need.  This will help me in having everything signed that you need.  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Tracy:  Can you get Wayne copies of the Into Networks confirm and GTC?  They are in the blue Into file in your bottom file drawer.  Thanks! 
 Mr. Giordano:  Attached for your review are clean and blacklined drafts of each of the following:  1.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex - Enron North America Corp. and Catequil Partners, L.P.  2.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex - Enron North America Corp. and Catequil Overseas Partners, Ltd.  Please provide us with the following information needed to complete Parts 5(p)(b) and 5(p)(d) of each Schedule:  1.	Date of each limited partnership agreement; and  2.	Date of each investment management agreement.  In addition, please verify that Catequil Associates LLC is the correct party to sign both agreements as general partner of each of the limited partnerships.  Please do not hesitate to contact Frank Sayre (713/345-7894; frank.sayre@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Lopez-Velarde:  Pursuant to our conversation attached is the form of guaranty that one of our business groups would like to send to a Mexican counterparty.  Francisco has asked if you would please revise the guaranty to provide for agent for service of process, submission to governing law in Texas and submission to jurisdiction in U.S. courts in Texas.  It appears that the form includes submission to jurisdiction in Texas and I have included a provision regarding agent for service of process.  As I stated, we would like to have these revisions as soon as possible this afternoon.  Thank you for your assistance.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Ms. Sternberg:  Attached for your review are revised drafts of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara Shackleton or me with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I have provided everyone with a copy of the self study guide "From Edison to Enron - an Evolution". 
 Celeste:  We are reviewing ISDA opinions to verify if a Hong Kong entity can enter into derivative transactions.  Once we confirm that they can, we will send the form Deemed ISDA to you.  Marie 
 Hi, Jay!  Just received a call from Adam at XTO Energy and he is going to be sending an e-mail with their comments to the ISDA.  He said there were just a handful, but we'll see.  I'll forward his e-mail to you when I receive it.  Have a good weekend!  Marie 
  Here are XTO's comments. Please respond to those that are credit related, which appear to be most of them.  Lucky you!  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Joe:  Tana said I should forward this e-mail to you and that you guys would prepare the assignment and send to us for review.  Let me know if this is not the case.  Please note that all of the deals, with the exception of the first one, are EOL deals.  Thanks for your help.  Marie 
 Attached for your further handling is the Annex B for the related transaction.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 I'm preparing the Master Agreement for execution between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd. and the referenced counterparty.  Please let me know the date of the earliest outstanding trade (if any) so that I can date my master agreement.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Mr. Sill  Pursuant to your request, attached is the execution copy of the Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte. Ltd. and Uecomm Operations Pty Limited.  Please print two (2) copies of the document and have an authorized officer sign both copies on Page 6 of the agreement.  When executed, please forward both original signed copies by overnight courier to Mr. David Minns at Level 21, 9 Castlereagh St., Sydney, NSW  2000, Australia, Telephone No. (612) 9229 2310  I will process the Enron Corp. Guaranty and will forward it to you when completed.  Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, David:  As you can see, I have forwarded the master agreement to Mr. Sill for execution.  When you receive the executed copies, please complete the notice information on the Schedule.  I'm sure Pat can assist in the technical contacts if you aren't familiar with them.  In addition, please initial both copies and have John Suttle initial both copies before they are signed by EBS Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd.  Upon execution, please forward one fully signed copy to Mr. Sill and forward the other original copy to me in Houston.  I am processing the original Enron Corp. guaranty and will forward it to Uecomm when I receive it back from Enron Corp. and receive confirmation from you that you have the master agreement as signed by Uecomm.  Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Will you e-mail me your form guaranty?  Thanks! 
 Hi, Cindy:  I'm assisting EBS in some of their trading work for awhile, so this is why I am sending you the attached memo requesting an Enron Corp. Guaranty.  Please let me know when the guaranty is ready and I'll arrange for pick-up.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Becky:  I left early yesterday (as did everyone else) so I have no comments. 
 Hi, Nidia!  Per my voice mail, attached is the revised form of guaranty to add "Process Agent" section.  Please send this revised form to the counterparty asking that they use this form rather than the form of guaranty you sent them on Friday.  Let us know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Samantha:  Here is an e-mail from Chris Croom forwarding a counterparty's form of Confidentiality Agreement.  He is leaving town this afternoon to go meet with them, so he needs the CA ASAP.  I think I would first check with Kay Young to see if we have a CA with them, and if so, is it still active.  Maybe we can just work off that form since the counterparty has signed it before.  Let me know if you have questions or need help.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Gordon:  We have received the draft ISDA Master Agreement back from Nemak, S.A. which they have executed.  It appears to be in order, so I am in the process of preparing it for execution by us.  The effective date on the agreement is July 30, 2001.  We can confirm transactions with them under this Master Agreement.  Once ENA has executed the document, I will send the general e-mail to everyone as usual.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Thanks, that's nice to hear! 
 Hi, Tracy!  I couldn't remember if I was supposed to send you the final copy of the Schedule and Paragraph 13 or not, so what the heck, here they are!  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Veronica!  Have you had a chance to review their comments?  Marie 
 Mark:  I am attaching a revised list.  I forgot to show EBS, not that is has created a significant amount of work. Thanks!  Marie 
 Did you get this? 
 I will be out this Friday, August 17. 
 Mr. Cooper:  Pursuant to Darren Vanek's request, I am forwarding a form of multi-product/multi-affiliate guaranty.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 KINDLY FIND?  There's nothing "Kindly" about 4 credit worksheets.  In fact, we kindly reject them. 
  Will you gladly look at these four too? 
  Per Legal/Credit meeting. 
 Ed:  I just received these from Niagra Mohawk.  I don't know if they are the same as the ones I sent to Tanya last week that she said she forwarded on to you to assign.  Marie 
 Hi, Joe!  Per my voicemail, will you send me the two confirms for AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund LP and AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund Ltd.  I need to make some changes to them.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Angie!  I am just writing to check on the status of your review of the draft ISDA Master Agreement I forwarded to you.  Will you please let me know when you anticipate sending your comments?  Thanks!  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I don't have any exceptions.  Thanks! 
 Thanks for your voicemail regarding CT Corporation.  My fax number is (713) 646-3490.  When I receive the information, I will insert in into the ISDA Master Agreement and will return a fully executed copy to you.  Again, thank you for your assistance and attention to this matter.  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Bob:  Mark Taylor said I should forward this to you for review.  If this is not the case, please let me know.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Hi, Max!  Francisco Pinto-Leite asked me to forward this draft to you to review the additional credit terms.  Please review the definition of "Independent Amount" on page 2 of Annex A and the definitions of "Base Volume" and "Incremental Volume" on pages 6 and 7 of Annex A and let us know if this is what you want, or please revise as you would like.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Joe:  Attached are the revised confirms for AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund L.P. (V41967.5) and AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund Ltd. (V41967.4).  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
  Alan:  Francisco asked me to send you the revised guaranty form.  Marie 
 Hi, Maribel:  I don't know if you were copied on Tana Jones's e-mail, but Legal is preparing all confidentiality agreements once again, so instead of you having to prepare the agreement, if you will just provide us with the counterparty info (name, address, contact, etc.) we will prepare the CA, have initialled and forward to you for signature.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Wendi:  You don't believe everything Tana tells you, do you?  Haven't you realized she's just trying to get out of work?  At least now you know who really does the work in the Swap Group.  We will prepare your CA for you (since Tana won't).  Will you send Poli-Twine's address and fax number?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Not a thing! 
 Wendi:  Attached for your further handling is the referenced CA.  When you receive the signed document from Poli-Twine, please have it initialled by a lawyer before having Bill sign.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 At the request of Ross Mesquita, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3907.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Ross Mesquita, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3907.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 FYI 
 Attached for your review are clean and blacklined drafts of each of the following:  1.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex - Enron North America Corp. and Catequil Partners, L.P.  2.	Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex - Enron North America Corp. and Catequil Overseas Partners, Ltd.  We have revised the definition of "Net Asset Value" set forth in Part 5(p)(b) of each agreement and feel this will take care of the issues.  Please provide us with the date of the investment management agreement for each fund.  In addition, please verify that Catequil Associates LLC is the correct party to sign both agreements as general partner of each of the limited partnerships.  Please do not hesitate to contact Frank Sayre (713/345-7894; frank.sayre@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments. 
 I'm okay. 
 Hallelujah!  Maybe now we won't go through as much paper as before. 
 Matt:  Here is the proposed language re appointing agents and attorneys-in-fact to sign confirmations.  We may need to run these by Mark Taylor for approval, as he approves the trading resolutions.  We need to make the appointments effective as of 5/1/01.  Also, Bryan Burnett, Edward Ondarza and Stewart Seeligson are with EBS, so I don't know if they are still officers of ENA.  Didn't Max Yzaguirre leave Enron altogether?  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Joe:  Attached are a clean and blacklined copy of the Partial Termination.  We have revised it to reflect a "new" transaction rather than a "replacement" transaction, since the existing transaction is still in place.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Tanya/Jay:  Have you looked into the 4 Peoples-related worksheets that Rudwell sent us to verify if we want to go ahead and draft ISDAs to send to them?  Please let us know if we should go ahead and draft or not.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks!  If anyone should apologize for not responding in a timely fashion it should be me.  I'll work on preparing these documents and should have something to you soon.  Marie 
 Thank you for all your hard work.  This is something that has needed to be done, but no one would take the initiative.  Let's just hope all your hard work makes it to the datasheet.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Carol:  The only one I found in our database is SMBC Capital Markets.  Sara was working on this back in 1998 for Enron Corp.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Adam:  I have passed your comments along to our Credit Department and am waiting for a response.  I will touch base with them.  Hopefully we can wrap this up soon.  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Exception:  9/5 - Vacation  thanks! 
  Jay:  I responded to Adam and told him that our Credit Department was reviewing the comments and that I would check on the status.  Marie 
 Ms. Rosenthal:  Sara Shackleton just left for vacation until after Labor Day, but asked me to respond to your e-mail regarding sending us your completed ISDA schedule.  Our Credit Department has said that Enron Corp. will provide a parent guaranty for ECT Investments, Inc., however, they would like for CSFB to also provide a guaranty since CSFB (Europe) is not a rated entity, or provide independent financial statements for CSFB (Europe).  Our Credit Department did not provide us with a cap for the Enron Corp. guaranty.  You can send your ISDA Schedule to my attention and we will proceed with reviewing same.  Thank you.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Jaime:  Attached for your further handling are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please attach the pre-printed form ISDA Master Agreement and the pre-printed form Credit Support Annex to the attached drafts before sending to the counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Patrick:  Can you provide me with the date for Deal No. VT2401.1?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Robbi!  Thought I'd e-mail you rather than call and interrupt you.  How are things going now that Lance and Carol are there?  Hopefully, better.  Mark gave me my review Thursday and I kept a copy of it to show you.  Kristina managed to get her digs in, but, fortunately, Mark  saw right through them.  Our contractor is going to start work on our house the week of Labor Day, so we are having to pack as much as we can to move upstairs.  We thought it would be perfect if we could find fabric to recover our furniture so that maybe we could send it out while the construction is going on.  If your offer's still good, we would like your assistance in looking for fabric.  We were hoping to take a day off to look for fabric but didn't know how that would fit into your plans.  Would you let me know?  Also, we need to schedule a lunch with Erica and Jane.  What is best for you?  Talk to you later.  Mare 
  Hi, Greg!  Wendy Conwell in Credit here in Houston forwarded this worksheet to us to prepare an omnibus confirmation for a deal between ECC and Atco Electric.  Since you guys are preparing confirms up there, I am forwarding the worksheet to you to prepare.  Francisco Pinto-Leite is marking up the counterparty form of guaranty and will forward it to you also.  Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
  Hi, Mark!  Francisco asked me to forward this e-mail to you in Greg's absence.  Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Don't worry.  That's why we're here--to keep you on your toes. 
  Susan:  Sara received this e-mail from First Union regarding the ISDA with Enron Corp.  Per Lotus Notes, you are working with Sara on this.  Is this something you can handle, or should it wait until Sara returns?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Gordon!  This is a Chilean counterparty that Nidia Mendoza in Credit asked us to prepare a "sample" Deemed ISDA for.  This is all I know, which probably isn't much.  Marie 
 Cindy:  Attached for your further handling are an Enron Corp. guaranty in favor of the The City of Glendale, together with related secretary's certificates.  Please let me know when the documents have been signed and I'll arrange for pickup.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Celeste:  Are there deal terms that the lawyer can use to review the confirm?  If not, what are they specifically reviewing?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Robbi:  Friday would be great for us, as long as it's not going to put you in a bind since you are trying to get out for vacation.  Also, yes, I would like to look at your catalog.  I'm so glad we're bosom buddies!  We will offer our painting services to you if you want to do a faux finish at your new home.  Marie 
 I just received this e-mail from Todd Perkins at Southern Co. 
 Hi, Cindy:  Enron Corp. executed a guaranty dated as of March 29, 2001 in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies, et al, guaranteeing Enron Credit Inc.'s obligations under a Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement that were originally executed by ENA and assigned to Enron Credit Inc.  Andy Fastow signed this guaranty.  Bear Stearns is now asking for certificates as to authority and incumbency, so I have prepared and attach them for processing.  In addition, Enron Corp. executed a guaranty dated as of February 20, 2001 in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies, et al, guaranteeing ENA's obligations under the Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement that were subsequently assigned to Enron Credit Inc.  We asked Bear Stearns to return the original Enron Corp. guaranty and apparently they have lost it.  In this regard, I am attaching a form of termination for that guaranty.  If it is in order, please process it for signature.  Thanks for your help and if you have any questions or need anything else, please let me know.  Marie x33907 
 I don't think another e-mail would be rude.  It's rude that she hasn't responded to our other requests.  Do you want to send it or do you want me to.  I'll be happy to.  Marie 
  FYI.  What's the big deal in CSFB not sending us their form of schedule until we send the form of Enron Corp. guaranty and said that ECT Investments will collateralize its trades?  Marie 
 Tanya:  You'll love this.  ALCOA has sent us an amendment to the ISDA (that was signed 1/99) and wants to amend the "threshold amount" in Part 1 so that it corresponds to the current credit rating of the applicable party as indicated in Paragraph 13.  I think we are mixing apples and oranges!  Obviously they didn't understand the difference when they signed the ISDA in '99.  And it's the same lawyer sending the amendment who negotiated the master.  Marie 
 Mr. Giordano:  Attached are the final blacklined drafts of the ISDA Master Agreements for Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd. and Catequil Partners L.P., which incorporate your comments sent to us on 8/22.  With respect to "Valuation and Timing", we just inadvertently left that comment in, but have now deleted it.  Please let us know if the final comments are acceptable to you and, if so, we will finalize copies for execution.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Oops, sorry! 
 Thanks, Veronica.  Brent Hendry is going to call you about Todd Perkins' e-mail.  We don't want to enter into an ISDA with an agency arrangement as it poses problems as far as netting and other matters.  Brent will call Todd and tell him that we will either enter into 6 separate masters or one master with Southern and then they can internally back to back trades.  So, I would not do anything until Brent speaks with you and Todd.  Marie 
 I would like the Roasted Chicken Cobb Salad, with no eggs, if possible, and vinaigrette dressing.  Oh, and extra sugar cookies, please!  Thanks!  Marie 
 Oops, sorry!  Here they are!  Marie 
 Lissa:  Attached is the proposed form of guaranty that Enron Corp. will provide.  ECT Investments would only collateralize above the threshold, since you would have a guaranty for the rest.  We look forward to receiving your form of schedule.  Marie 
 Lissa:  I must be having problems with my e-mail as I tried to reply to yours and was told it couldn't be delivered, so that's why I'm sending you a new one rather than a reply.  Attached is the proposed form of guaranty that Enron Corp. will provide.  ECT Investments would only collateralize above the threshold, since you would have a guaranty for the rest.  We look forward to receiving your schedule.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Great!  Hopefully, we will be able to sign them up soon.  Thanks!  Marie 
 We can look at your documents, however, we are unable to open the one you have sent previously.  Will you resend them?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Great!  Hopefully we will be able to sign soon.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Yes--I would like to see the signed copy before I send the Enron Corp. guaranty.  My office location is EB3803B.  thanks!  Marie 
 Bianca:  We have a signed Master Agreement dated as of November 1, 1994 between ECT and Transammonia, Inc. acting through its division, Trammochem.  VX6259.1 can be confirmed under this master, therefore, you don't need anything from us.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Cindy:  Has this guaranty been processed?  We've received the original signed master agreement from the counterparty and need to deliver the original Enron Corp. Guaranty.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks! 
 Ms. Tebbens:  Attached for your review is a draft of a First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement between Virginia Power Energy Marketing, Inc. and Enron North America Corp.  If the attached document is acceptable, please let me know and I will prepare execution copies.  Thank you for your assistance and, please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Lissa:  Enron Corp. does not give unlimited guaranties.  The amount will be determined by our Credit Department based upon the credit in your draft ISDA.  Marie 
 Thanks.  I was able to open them.  Marie 
 I don't have it. 
 Veronica:  Will you look at the "Transfer" section on Page 11 of the Schedule and let me know if you are okay with their change?  Thanks!  Marie 
 No.  Thanks for asking. 
 You can go to the IRS website at www.irs.gov and download copies of the appropriate tax forms. 
 Mr. Flett:  I am close to finishing the review of your draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and was hoping to receive your Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex to review so that I can present them both to Sara Shackleton for final review upon her return from vacation on September 4.  If your Paragraph 13 is ready, please forward to me via e-mail at the address noted below.  Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Yes, I got the copy.  I will send you a copy of the guaranty when I receive it. 
  David:  Your counterparty is being impossible.  Please see their latest message below.  They won't even send us their draft ISDA until we provide them with every little bit of info.  This is only a draft, not the final one.  It can and probably will be negotiated.  Thanks!  Marie 
  This is pretty eerie! 
 Here it is! 
 Kim:  Attached for your further handling are a clean and blacklined draft of the revised Schedule and Paragraph 13 for the City of Glendale.  We will try to verify the outside counsel to use in connection with rendering the legal opinion so that we can begin that process.  If we have any problems, it may have to wait until Sara Shackleton returns on 9/4 since she is more familiar with who we use and what the extent of the engagement will be.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Mr. Boytinck:  I am sending this e-mail to check on the status of the Master Agreement for Garden City Plaza Ltd. that was forwarded to you for execution.  It would be appreciated if you would let me know the status.  Thank you!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Tracy!  I've never received the signature pages to the Allegheny ISDA initialled by you.  Have you 
 Hi, Tracy!  I have never received the signature pages for the Allegheny ISDA.  Have you sent them?  Mare 
 Hi, Una:  Per my voice mail, we need a copy of a representative sample of whatever documentation BNP Paribas and Enron Metals Limited transact under (ISDA, general terms and conditions, etc.).  We are trying to finalize and sign a master netting agreement with them this morning and need to see this documentation as soon as possible.  My phone number is (713) 853-3907 and my fax is (713) 646-3490.  Thanks for your help!!!!!!!!!  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!! 
 Thanks, it's a pleasure working with you too.  I just wish it had been under better circumstances. 
 Matt:  You can ignore the voice mail I left you a few minutes ago.  William Morley is going to send me copies of the documentation.  Marie 
 Unless by trading group they meant the actual traders--we're just the lawyers and staff.  I'll send you an e-mail tonight when I can talk--if you get my drift. 
 Thanks for sending this.  I just spoke with Randy Miller and told him that we probably wouldn't get it to him today, but we would certainly send it over on Monday morning.  Samantha is working on it. 
 Kim:  Can you pull a representative financial confirm for each of the following:  Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company State Street Bank and Trust Company Huntco Steel, Inc. Sodra Skogsagarna Ek For  This is for Elizabeth's project.  Thanks!  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!! 
 Hi, Robbi!  I've been meaning to call you, but as you can imagine, it's been extremely busy here.  Hope you're okay and I'll try to talk with you soon.  No, we still haven't received anything from Robert Allen to return our fabric.  I was hoping they would send something last week, because we shipped our gifts to Washington and we could have sent it at the same time.  Let me know what you hear from them.  Let's try to get together after the 1st.  I know it's going to be too busy this week and next, so why don't we shoot for after the new year.  If I don't talk to you soon have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!  Marie 
 Hi, Sheila:  What's your office location so that I can send copies of the Bear Stearns documents?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Carol:  Do you know if this agreement has been signed and, if so, who would have the original or a copy?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Paul:  Duke was one of the master netting agreements we were working on.  After checking with the lawyers who were assigned to work on the Duke master netting agreement, it appears that the agreement was never executed.  Let me know if you have any additional questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Hi, Mari:  I have prepared the separate phone list for each bidder room and am going to place five copies of each on the tables by the boxes in each room.  Let either Genia FitzGerald (x36389) or me (x33907) know if you need anything.  We will have our assistants bring coffee, etc., so if you will let us know when the groups arrive at the data room, we will take care of that.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I don't think we'll have anything for you today.  I know you'll be so upset that you aren't needed today.  Thanks for asking.  Marie 
 Thanks, Happy New Year to you too! 
  The one from Tana is a picture, but if you scroll down further, I think it is the Bin Laden song, so there is sound with that one.  I also sent it home in case you can't open it or want to listen at home. 
 Thanks!  I'll use this one and delete the disclaimer. 
  The first one is a picture, but if you scroll down it should be the Bin Laden song, so there's sound. 
 Mark:  Attached for your further handling is the draft Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services, L.P. and Dynegy Europe.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Robbi Rossi (x57268) or Tracy Cooper (x59534) with any questions or comments.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I have received Credit's comments and will try to turn around comments soon.  Marie 
 We have received the following executed financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			July 30, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Nemak, S.A.  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			Texas  Special Handling Requirements:	No special handling requirements  Copies will be distributed. 
 Mr. Dixon:  Pursuant to Carol St. Clair's request, I am attaching our preliminary list of the agreements to be under the BP Master Netting Agreement.  Since we don't own 100% of EOTT, any master netting agreement involving EOTT will not be under this master netting agreement.  Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Just a reminder not to use the form Master Netting Agreement that was attached to the e-mail notification sent yesterday.  You will be receiving a new form later today.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Please ignore my earlier e-mail forwarding the Deemed ISDA.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Tanya and Paul:  Linda Anderson in Financial Settlements faxed me a copy of a Certificate of Amalgamation evidencing the merger of Norske Skog Canada Limited and Pacifica Papers Inc. with Norske Skog Canada Limited being the surviving entity.  You both worked on these files--Tanya, Pacifica Papers and Paul, Norske Skog.  Are you all okay with this merger from the credit side?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Yes.  Carol just left a voice mail that Jay Williams (x53923) will be our credit contact.  I am just gathering the last documents for FPL and Florida Power & Light and will be bringing them around to you shortly.  Here is the issues list.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
  Debra:  Please verify that Mr. Dixon's facts are accurate.  Thanks!  Marie 
  It appears our physical gas documents were assigned from Vastar to Southern. 
 Pursuant to your request, attached are the documents distributed for the meeting this morning.     In addition, here are the list of counterparties and assignments so far:  Reliant Energy - Leslie Hansen - (713) 853-6121 Aquila - Jeff Hodge - (713) 853-6911 Dynegy - Harlan Murphy - (713) 345-2679 FPL Energy Marketing - Steve Van Hooser - (713) 853-7238 Florida Power & Light - Steve Van Hooser Hess - Frank Sayre - (713) 345-7894 Engage Energy - Francisco Pinto-Leite - (713) 345-7942 El Paso - Brent Hendry - (713) 853-7124 BP Amoco - Carol St. Clair - (713) 853-3989 Morgan - Angela Davis (713) 345-8347  As we have additional assignments, I will send them on to you.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Please be advised that Jay Williams will be our credit contact for all master netting agreement credit terms.  Jay will also provide us with all counterparty names and maintain the list of agreements.  Jay's phone number is (713) 345-3923 and, for e-mail purposes, he is listed as Williams, Jason R. (Credit). 
 Mary:  Here is the group list I created.  Let me know when you have a second and we'll put it (or attempt to) in your contact file.  Marie        --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 We are coordinating a project regarding the preparation of various master netting agreements.  This is a very time sensitive project and we are trying to solicit as much help as we can.  Please attend a meeting this afternoon at 4:30 in EB38C2 to help us coordinate this effort. 
 Jay:  Please add AEP to your list of counterparties for master netting agreements.  If at all possible, can you provide us with the names of all related entities and contracts for those counterparties we gave you awhile ago as soon as possible so that we can begin pulling contracts?  Thanks!  Marie 
       --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Attached is the current list of master netting agreement assignments.  We will circulate a revised list periodically. 
 Which Hess entity? 
 Darren:  These are the entities BP has on its MNA:  Vastar Resources, Inc., acting through BP Energy Company, agent Cibola Energy Services Corporation IGI Resources, Inc. BP Products North America Inc. BP North American Petroleum, a division of BP North America Inc.   THANKS!!!!!!!!!!  Marie 
 Sure, once we figure it out, I'll let you know. 
 Whatever, Steve's working on them.  It is J. P. Morgan but we also have Morgan Stanley.  Confused?  We are. 
 Kate and Teresa:  We are working on a time sensitive project and ask that you assist us in determining the names of various Enron entities by doing an historical analysis or whatever means you use.  The entities I need info on are:  Enron Gas Processing Company Enron Gas Marketing Canada Enron Oil Canada Ltd. Enron Oil Corporation  Are these prior names of current Enron entities, are they existing entities, etc.?  Please call me if you need any additional info or if my request is confusing.  Thanks for your help!  Marie x33907 
 Please see Elizabeth's e-mail below. 
 THANKS!!!!!!!!! 
 Dede:  Per Leslie's request, I am attaching our form Master Netting, Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Also, if you have any gas contracts with Castrol Industrial North America, Inc.  If there are only confirmations for both, please send me a copy of the confirm with GTC's.  These documents are needed ASAP.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Morris:  So far these are the ones we know involve Enron Canada Corp.  Dynegy Canada Inc.  El Paso Merchant Energy Canada Inc. El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P.  BP Canada Energy Company  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Please add the referenced counterparty for your conflicts check.  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Never mind!  Frank Sayre is looking at it. 
 Attached is an updated list of master netting assignments. 
 We will get you documents. 
 Kate:  Can you do an historical analysis for Enron Marketing Services Inc. and Enron Oil Trading & Transportation?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Cheryl:  Can you respond to Tom Spencer?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Enron Marketing Services, Inc. was dissolvewd 6/25/97  Enron Oil Trading & Transportation Company is a former name of EOTT Energy Corp., which merged out of existence.  Hope this helps. 
 Morris:  Mirant has documents with ECC.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list. 
 Per Ed Sacks' request, I am attaching a copy of our form Master Netting, Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex. 
  Peter:  Per my fax, attached is the final form of the BP Amoco Master Netting Agreement.  If acceptable, please have the signature page signed on behalf of ECC and fax to me ASAP.  I am routing originals for signature here and will forward to you for signature.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Yes.  Their lawyer. 
 Bianca:  Samantha Boyd is working on this deal, so you may want to check with her.  Marie 
 You're already down. 
 Tanya:  Can someone in your shop get us copies of the guaranties?  I pulled the one in our ISDA file and the amounts don't match, so I don't know if there have been any amendments or not.  If you can't find someone to pull these, let me know and I'll come down and get them.  Also, Livelink doesn't show a power master with Coral Power LLC, but I have someone checking on this.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Can you get me copies of these?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Can you get me copies of these?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Sharon:  Can you fax me a copy of the Master Firm Gas Purchase/Sale Agreement dated effective as of September 15, 1999 between ECC and Reliant Energy Services, Inc.?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Karen.  I think I have what I need on this counterparty, however, there may be others.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 Thanks, Sharon.  I'll get the ISDA here.  Marie 
 Thanks, that's awfully sweet, but you don't have to do it.  But if you insist, Monday will be fine.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Mr. Spencer:  I asked Cheryl Nelson, the attorney working with me on this file to give you an update as to the status of the ISDA, and I am not sure if she responded or not.  Cheryl is out of the office for the next week and the attorney who will be covering for her is out of the office today.  I will check with him Monday as to the status and let you know.  Sorry for the delay in responding. 
 Pursuant to your request, I am attaching our form Master Netting, Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex.      Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Paul:  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Hi, Lech!  My understanding is that you all will be handling the filings.  It's been so long since I've done UCC filings that I'm not sure I would even remember what to do.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Brian:  Here are the counterparties we have financial masters with:  Calpine Energy Services, L.P. Constellation Power Source, Inc. Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Transcanada Energy Financial Products Limited Sempra Energy Trading Corp. San Diego Gas & Electric Company J. Aron & Company Goldman Sachs Capital Markets, L.P. Goldman Sachs International Conectiv Energy Supply, Inc. PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P. Louis Dreyfus Corporation Engage Energy Canada L.P. Engage Energy America LLC PanCanadian Petroleum Limited PanCanadian Energy Services Inc. Canadian Natural Resources  Marie 
 Yes.  Are you back on 28 or are you in your office on 45? 
 Deb and Mary:  Attached for your assistance in ordering lien searches is a list I have prepared noting the various entities we think will be parties to the various master netting agreements.  I'll let you know if any or added or deleted.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 Yes, we do want to exchange originals.  My originals are in our Calgary office getting original signatures.  I will send one copy to you when I receive them back.  Should probably be tomorrow or Wednesday.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. 
 Thanks.  Russ Cavanaugh did send me a copy of an agreement with Castrol that I passed along to the attorney. 
 Billy:  All are Delaware with the exception of:  LOA, Inc. -- Texas Enron Canada Corp. -- Province of Alberta  Marie 
  Lech:  I will ask the attorneys to forward you their initial draft of the Master Netting Agreement and then to send you the final draft.  I will fax you a copy of the final BP Amoco agreement, together with the states of incorporation for each of the BP entities.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 In order for Cadwalader to be in a position to order lien searches, please e-mail Lech Kalembka (Lech.Kalembka@cwt.com) the initial draft of your Master Netting Agreement(s).  When your agreement is finalized, please e-mail Lech a copy of the final draft so that he can prepare the financing statement filings.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Tanya!  Here is CSFB's draft Schedule and Paragraph 13 for Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe).  We will do a comparison when we get a worksheet.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Robbi!  How are things up your way?  It's incredibly busy here--entering into numerous master netting agreements.  Hope things quiet down soon.  I can't take much more of this turmoil!  Anne got her fabric from Schumacher Saturday.  Do you have an invoice or will you let us know the total when you get one?  There wasn't an invoice included in the package.  The toile is so pretty.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Barbara:  I left Jay Williams in Credit a voice mail earlier re getting me a list of entities for Duke, J. P. Morgan, Goldman, Sachs and Williams.  I just spoke with him and he is working on the lists, so as soon as I get the names from him, I'll update my list and send to you and Leslie.  Marie 
 Barbara:  I have Williams (called Leslie and gave them to her).  Jay Williams in Credit is working on J.P. Morgan and Bill Bradford is working on Duke.  Leslie said she has already pulled Goldman and J. Aron.  It looks like we should have them soon.  Marie 
 Yes. 
 Right now Goldman and J Aron is unassigned, but the Goldman lawyer will be speaking to Carol re their comments to the form master netting agreement, so probably Carol will be assigned to Goldman. 
  Lech:  I just spoke with Elizabeth Sager and she said there was no need to order lien searches for AEP as the contract expires in March, 2002.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Barbara:  I just called and gave Leslie the Duke entities.  The only one left is J.P. Morgan/Chase.  When I get these, I'll send you and Leslie an updated list of entities.  Marie 
 Updated list of master netting agreement assignments. 
 Barbara and Leslie:  Attached is the updated list of master netting counterparties.  Jay Williams in Credit is working on J.P. Morgan/Chase.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Yes. 
 What is your location and I'll have a "sample" sent to you.  Marie 
 We just received comments to our form from Goldman and here are the names they included (excluding UK):  J. Aron & Company Goldman Sachs Capital Markets, L.P. 
 Here is an updated list of master netting counterparties.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 I sure will if you will tell me the principal place of business of all your entities party to the Master Netting Agreement.  Enron Canada Corp. 3500, 400 - 3rd Avenue S.W. Calgary, Alberta  T2P 4H2 
  Hi, Sharon!  It's me again.  Can you get me a copy of the master physical agreement for Duke Energy Marketing L.P.?  It appears from the list below that this the only Canada master I need.  I have the ISDA.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Carol:  Here are the coal gtc's and a sample confirm.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
  Goldman Sachs 
 Alan:  Mary asked if you could handle the master netting agreement with Goldman Sachs.  Jay Williams in Credit is researching GS and will provide me with a list of entities and documents.  I will pull copies of the documents and give to you.  Thanks!  Marie 
 They were added awhile back.  Here is the updated group list. 
 Sharon:  Can you send me a copy of the physical gas master with Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Never mind, I think I found it.  Thanks, anyway! 
 Hi, Georgi!  In light of the NYMEX being closed last week, the 5 paralegals are involved in a project right now that is taking up our extra time, so we don't know when we would be able to get to this project.  Perhaps someone in your group could come to our area and copy these files.  Just let us know who and when they will be coming and we will help them locate the documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mr. Giordano:  We have received the executed copies of the ISDA Master Agreements for the referenced counterparties, however, we still need to receive the supporting documentation set forth in my letters transmitting the execution copies to you.  For Catequil Partners, L.P., we need to receive items 1-5 set forth in my transmittal letter of 10/11/01 (copy attached).     For Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd., we need to receive items 1-5 set forth in my transmittal letter of 10/11/01 (copy attached).    We look forward to receiving these documents as soon as possible, so that we can close our files.  Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 We have received the following executed financial master agreement:  Type of Contract:			ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:				September 11, 2001  Enron Entity:				Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:				City of Glendale  Transactions Covered:			Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:				New York  Special Handling Requirements:	Please note that only transactions having terms that expire BEFORE June 30, 2002 can be documented under this ISDA Master Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I only asked my assisant over here because she is so sweet and she would like a 10 lb. bag.  I guess we want to get some?  I don't remember what we've gotten in the past--20 lbs.?  Whatever you want to get is okay with me.\  Thanks!  Oops!  Just remember, maybe I'll check with Robbi if that's okay. 
  Is there anything else you need for BP Amoco?  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!!!  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list deleting J. P. Morgan.  Marie 
 Thanks!  Would you be interested in some pecans?  This guy Anne works with has an orchard and he is selling them in 10lb bags at $1.80/lb.  They are not cracked or shelled. 
 Is this okay? 
 Credit has requested that we cancel the Legal/Credit Meeting today. 
 Nidia:  You can fax the guaranty to me (646-3490).  Marie 
 Sharon:  Does ECC have any physical gas masters with J. Aron & Company?  If not, can you send me a sample gtc used?  Thanks!  Marie 
 My gosh that was quick!  Do you have ESP and knew I was going to ask you for this? 
 Per Carol's request, please e-mail Carol, Mary and me with an update on the agreements you are working on.  Thanks!  Marie 
  Hi, Athena!  I apologize for getting back to you so late, but I just saw your e-mail that I printed out this morning.  As you can guess, it's pretty hectic here.  Here is the info I have on Coral and Coastal:  Coral:  Coral Power LLC - I don't have an address, but it is probably the Houston address Coral Energy Holding LP - 909 Fannin, Suite 7000, Houston, Texas  77010 Coral Energy Resources LP - 909 Fannin, Suite 7000, Houston, Texas  77010 Coral Energy Canada, Inc. - 1800, 530-Eighth Avenue S.W., Calgary, Alberta  T2P 3S8  Coastal (part of the El Paso family):  El Paso Corporation El Paso Merchant Energy Canada Inc. - 1001 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas  77002 El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. - 1001 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas  77002 Coastal Chemical Company, Inc. Coastal Coal Company, LLC Coastal Gas Marketing, Inc. Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc. Coastal States Trading, Inc.  This is the only address I have for El Paso/Coastal  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Debra:  Will you pull any masters for me?  Sharon:  Will you check on ECC masters?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Pursuant to Frank Vickers' request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached is the updated assignment list.  Marie 
 David:  Mary has assigned the TXU master netting agreement to you.  We are in the process of gathering the documents and will pass them along to you.  Please contact Steve Douglas in Tax prior to preparing your initial draft/contacting TXU.  Steve's number is x30938.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Frank:  Please have Sequent direct any questions or comments regarding the Master Netting Agreement to Legal.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Here it is, Vanek! 
  Veronica:  FYI.  Let me know what you want to do.  Marie 
 Thanks!  Do we make the check out to you, Hooks Industrial?  Marie 
 Hi, Sharon!  I have a rush project.  Can you check on your end and send me any masters between ECC and Conoco Canada Limited and Gulf Canada Resources Limited?  We have to respond to Conoco by 2:00 p.m. (Houston time) today.  THANKS!!!!!  Marie 
 Hi, Edmund!  Can you assist me in obtaining copies of some confirmations?  I just need a copy of one representative confirmation for the following:  Conoco (UK) Limited and Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited Conoco International Inc. and ECTRIC Conoco Limited and ECTRIC Societe Europeenne de Carburants N.C. and ECTRIC.  You can either fax them to me at (713) 646-3490 or e-mail.  THANKS!!!!!!!!  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!!!! 
 Pursuant to Frank Sayre's request, I am attaching a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement noting certain revisions.  Please contact Frank with any questions or comments.  Thank you!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached is the latest list of master netting counterparties.  Please note that the new counterparties added to the list are in bold.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  I will send you an updated list as I add new counterparties.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Tanya:  Please see Tom Doukas's request below.  Enron Corp. issued a guaranty in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. et al dated March 29, 2001, with a $25,000,000 cap.  This guaranty secured obligations of Enron Credit, Inc. in connection with a Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement.  The cap was increased to $100,000,000 by amendment dated May 15, 2001.  Are you okay with adding ECT Europe Finance, Inc. as an additional guaranteed party?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Please either send me the agreement also or a list of entities so that I can pull agreements.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement assignments. 
 Is John Suttle okay with our providing this guaranty and in this amount?  Also, are you signing a master agreement or a short form confirmation?  I don't know if we can get this guaranty on such short notice, but we'll try.  Marie 
 Sounds good to me! 
 Hi, Sharon!  Have you received my package with the original BP Amoco master netting agreements and, if so, have they been signed?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Uh, oh!  It was sent to Peter in the interoffice pouch.  My assistant said she put it to go on Friday.  I sure hope you find it, cause it has original signatures.  Please let me know what you find out?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Let us know if you hear from credit. 
  Anne:  Elizabeth said I should forward this to you.  Let me know if I can help.  Marie 
  Hi, Diane!  Here's Leslie's e-mail with the revised paragraph.  She said that the revision is "Acknowledgement of relation transactions".  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  THANKS!!!!!  Marie 
 You're right!  Thanks for catching it. 
 Please review the attached Schedule and Paragraph 13 ASAP and let Frank have your comments.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached for your review are a revised Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex.  These documents are currently being reviewed by our credit department and are subject to revision based upon their review of same.  Please contact Frank with any questions or comments.  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Paul:  Pursuant to my voice mail, Elizabeth Sager is finalizing a Master Netting Agreement with AEP that is to be signed by ECTRIC, ECT Resources Limited, Enron Financial Energy Trading and Enron Coal Services Limited.  It appears that John Sherriff is an officer of three of the entities and Stuart Staley is a director of Enron Coal Services Limited.  Will you assist us in getting this document signed by initialling, if appropriate, and obtaining signatures and faxing a signed copy back to us at (713) 646-3490?  If you have any questions, please call either Elizabeth Sager at (713) 853-6349 or David Portz at (713) 853-9239.  Thanks for your help!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 No, it doesn't.  We don't have Calpine Energy Services Canada Ltd.  We do have Calpine Fuels Texas, Corporation and Calpine Natural Gas Company.  Marie 
 Mark:  Attached is my work report.  Marie 
 Barbara:  Here are the two revised lists, one with TXU and one without. 
 Here is the updated list. 
 Paul:  Pursuant to my voice mail, Harlan Murphy is finalizing a Master Netting Agreement with Dynegy that is to be signed by ECTRIC and ECT Resources Limited.  It appears that John Sherriff is an officer of both entities.  Will you assist us in getting this document signed by initialling, if appropriate, and obtaining signatures and faxing a signed copy back to us at (713) 646-3490?  If you have any questions, please call eitherHarlan Murphy at (713) 345-2679 or Mary Cook at (713) 345-7732.  Thanks for your help! 
 I have been trying to call you but your phone never rings.  I'm ready to go when you are.  Give me a call if you can. 
 Paul:  Attached is the Dynegy Master Netting Agreement.  Please have signed by ECTRIC and ECT Resources Limited and fax the signature pages back to me ASAP at (713) 646-3490.  Many thanks!  Marie 
 Everyone signed but ENA Upstream and Canada.  Reliant signed yesterday and brought them back to me this morning so that I can get the other signatures.  I am having the document taken to Brian Redmond to sign for ENA Upstream and then Peter Keohane will sign for ECC.  Barbara signed off on the receivables. 
 I have left Diane Anderson on the Confirm Desk a voice mail as to status.  Will let you know what she says. 
 Beth:  Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact Sara with any questions or comments.  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Clement!  Attached is the Amendment to the Enron Corp. guaranty delivered to Dynegy last week.  The only change we made is to include a reference to the inclusion of master netting agreements in the second paragraph.  If the attached is acceptable, please have signed and call me when it's ready and I'll pickup.  Thanks for your help!  Marie x33907 
 Hi, Sharon:  Did the BP Amoco Master Netting Agreement ever show up?  Marie 
  Eric and Russell:  I spoke with Roeline Hudson at Torch just a few minutes ago.  She is having a medical procedure today and probably won't be back in the office until Monday.  She answered my question, so I will finalize drafts of the assignments and give them to one of the lawyers for review.  The lawyer may want verification from Torch as to the appropriate entity that is the counterparty to the transactions being assigned (specifically the Dynegy trades), which evidence of authority Roeline will have to send when she returns to the office on Monday.  Roeline stated that she has not received the additional documentation from UOM so she is not aware of any urgency in finalizing these assignments until all documentation has been delivered to us to finalize documents.  We will want to see the additional documentation from UOM before we send the drafts out for review.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Marie 
 It was put in the interoffice pouch, so who knows where it is! 
 Edmund:  Attached is the signature page for the Dynegy master netting agreement.  Please have two originals signed and return to me by fax ASAP (713) 646-3490.  THANKS!!!!!!! Marie 
 Harlan:  Here are the form master netting agreement and credit annex for BNP Paribas.  Do you want to send it on or do you want me to?  If you want me to, do you have an e-mail address or should I call?  Thanks!  Marie 
 I spoke with Peter Keohane and he said that Greg Johnston (403/974-6745) and Chris Gaffney (416/865-3711) are on board to handle the Canada filings.  We have signed BP Amoco and Reliant, which I will get you copies of so that you will have the exact names, etc.  Also, I will send you an e-mail with BP's jurisdictions and addresses.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 I will have the lawyer call John Sherriff.  Is Michael Brown around to sign if Sherriff won't?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Samantha:  Will you either assign to take care of this?  I'm not sure what they need exactly.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Pursuant to Harlan Murphy's request, attached is our form master netting agreement.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Rosen:  Attached is the form master netting agreement without the collateral annex.  Please disregard the form I sent you late Friday.  I apologize for any inconvenience.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached is the Annex B to be used for all future financial transactions with the referenced counterparty.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Will the person who will be working on this please let me know so that I can fax a copy of the guaranty to be attached to Annex B?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Harlan:  Here is the master netting agreement.  Marie 
 We have received the following financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			March 9, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Catequil Partners, L.P.  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			New York  Special Handling Requirement:	Counterparty has five (5) Local Business Days after a confirmation was effectively received by it to accept or dispute a confirmation.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the following financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			March 9, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd.  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			New York  Special Handling Requirement:	Counterparty has five (5) Local Business Days after a confirmation was effectively received by it to accept or dispute a confirmation.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Pursuant to your request, attached is our form master netting agreement. 
  Steve:  Here is another master netting agreement.  Do you want me to forward the template to Cindy Midura or do you want to?  I will ask Ed for a listing of counterparties and will pull documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I'll send Ed Sacks an e-mail and ask him to send you credit when I ask him to send me a list of counterparties.  Marie 
 Ed:  Can you send me a list of PSEG entities that will be parties to the master netting agreement, together with a list of master you think exist?  Also, Steve Van Hooser will be the lawyer working on this document, so he will need credit information to complete the documentation.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Yes. 
  Chris:  What information do you need from me?  Marie 
 I had a sneaking suspicion that it just might be you!  Will you send me your fax number?  Thanks! 
 Chris:  BP Amoco and Dynegy both involve ECC.  Marie 
 Ms. Midura:  Pursuant to your request, attached is our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact Steve Van Hooser (713/853-7238; steve.van.hooser@enron.com) with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Chris:  Here is the final BP master netting agreement.  If you need a copy of the signed one, let me know and I will fax it to you.  I will send Dynegy once I get signoff from Harlan Murphy.  Marie 
 Is it okay to send? 
  Sarah:  Here is our credit support annex template.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Jay:  Kevin Freeman (785/575-8128) at Western Resources left me a voice mail stating that they want to finalize the master netting agreement ASAP.  Mary Cook is assigning this to Anne Koehler to work on.  Will you send me a list of counterparties involved and agreements you show are in place?  Thanks!  Marie 
  Anne:  This is an e-mail I forwarded to Kevin Freeman on Monday sending the form of master netting agreement.  He left me a voice mail this morning and said that they wanted to get a mna in place ASAP.  Mary has assigned this counterparty to you.  Kevin's phone number is (785) 575-8128.  Will you call him to discuss?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Our Canadian lawyers are on board. 
  Here is Alan's status of Goldman/J. Aron. 
 I am preparing the information on the Company Account Application and have a question regarding the address section.  I have completed the section regarding ECT Investment's "principal executive office" (Houston address) and would like to know how this differs, or if it differs, from the address of "registered office".  Would you explain the difference, if any?  Thank you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 I checked with Harlan Murphy and he said it hadn't been signed, however, the master netting agreement references an executed master agreement dated as of 10/10/01.  We haven't seen either the original or a copy of the signed agreement.  Marie 
  Carroll just called me and told me that they had a janitorial position opening at the courthouse and did I want to send my resume. 
  I guess so, cause I got your e-mail.  Just in case, it's marie.heard@enron.com. 
 Thanks for the address.  We will keep you all (especially Grant) in our prayers, although I don't think there's any hope for you. 
 I haven't tried. 
 Barbara:  Below is an e-mail that Richardson Energy Marketing, Ltd. wants a master netting agreement.  Mary said to assign it to you.  His e-mail address is bhayes@sidrich.com.  Nidia Mendoza in Credit is preparing a listing of counterparties and when I receive the list from her, I will pull documents.  Let me know if you need anything.  Marie 
 HALLELUJAH!!!!!!!!! 
  Who is ECTD? 
  Attached is a copy of the master netting assignments list that sets forth those that are signed and/or currently being worked on.  As you can see, BP Amoco, Dynegy and Reliant have recently been executed.  A master crude netting agreement has been signed with ConAgra.  Liquid payments netting agreements have been signed with Coastal, Conoco, Morgan Stanley, Sunoco and Valero.  Master Netting Agreements have previously been executed with PG&E, The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading, LP.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Veronica:  Can you provide me with a list of documents in place with Oneok (other than the ISDA) and the ENA entity and products covered under each agreement.  I'm not familiar with the documentation that ENA Upstream, EES and EGLI would have in place with Oneok.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Edmund!  Can you help me obtain copies of some of your executed documents with BNP?  I need copies of the following:  1.	ECTRIC/BNPP ISDA  2.	Enron Credit Limited/BNPP ISDA  3.	ECTD /BNPP physical UK gas confirm (representative sample)  I hope you know who ECTD is cause I sure don't.  I am only assuming that because it's UK gas, it's a UK company.  My fax is (713) 646-3490.  Thanks for your help!  Marie 
 THANKS!!!!!!! 
 No.  Do you have anyone in mind? 
 Per Frank Sayre's request. 
 Trey:  The power-related receivables would only apply to our power contracts (EPMI) and would not apply to the liquids payments netting agreements. 
 I guess we can go whenever.  It'll just mean we won't get as much done this weekend, but we don't have anything else going on. 
 Attached, for your review, are final execution copies of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please note that Part 5(j) of the Schedule was changed pursuant to your discussion with Frank Sayre.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 That's fine.  That way we'll have all day Sunday to work. 
 Ed:  Will you get me a list of counterparties/documents?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Marcus:  Attached are the form Master Netting Agreement, together with the Credit Support Annex.  Thank you for waiting so patiently (NOT!!!!!) for this.  Marie 
 See below 
 THEM'S FIGHTING WORDS!!!!!!!! 
 I had no exception time. 
 Sheila:  Do you need a copy of the base agreement too? 
 Harlan:  Did you get the Calpine master netting agreement signed?  Please give me an original copy once it has been signed.  Also, what's going on with Dynegy?  Tanya wants copies of all the signed master netting agreements.  Can I get the agreement to make her a copy?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Mary Cook has asked me to try to locate the documentation for the two prepays.  Which of the documents do you specifically need--all or just the ISDAs, swap confirmations and guarantees.  If you only need the ISDAs, etc., it may be quite a lot of pages to fax.  Would you prefer I overnight them and, if so, where should I send them?  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Greg!  Mary Cook asked me to contact you regarding locating documents in connection with a couple of prepays.  The first is a prepay (December 13, 1999)  among ENA, Citibank, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and Toronto Dominion.  Is this Yosemite II?  If so, I have copies of the ISDA, swap confirms, etc.  Would you have copies of any other documents, or are there any other documents?  Also, they are looking for documentation in connection with the Corp. prepay for December 2000.  This was among ENA, Toronto Dominion, Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley.  Do you happen to have copies of these documents or do you know the project name in case they were prepared here?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Greg. 
 Hi, Athena:  The Williams counterparties are:  Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company and Williams Refining & Marketing, L.L.C.  I don't know about British Energy as that is being handled out of our London office.  The following entities have been added to our master netting agreement list today:  Forest Oil: Forest Oil Corporation Producers Marketing Ltd.  Noble: Noble Gas Marketing Inc. Samedan Oil Corporation  Tractebel Energy Marketing, Inc.  My phone number is (713) 853-3907.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Una!  I don't know if you can help me or not, but I need the below agreements ASAP.  We have to finalize a master netting agreement and the lawyer over here needs to see the agreements.  If you are not the right person, will you forward my e-mail on?  Thanks!  Marie 
 Paul Simons is the lawyer.  His phone number is 011-44-20-7783-6566 and his e-mail address is paul.simons@enron.com. 
 Attached is the current list of master netting counterparties.  The new counterparties are in bold.  They are: certain AEP entities, BNP Paribas, certain Dynegy entities, Forest Oil entities, Noble Affiliates entities, Progress Energy entities, PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC, Richardson Energy Marketing, Ltd., Tractebel Energy Marketing, Inc. and Western Resources (I don't have specific entities for Western yet).  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Chris:  Do you need the notice information in the agreements or will a listing of the chief executive offices for each work?  I have a listing of the BP Amoco entities and the addresses of their chief executive offices and I can also send Reliant's as set forth in the Master Netting Agreements.  Marie 
 Chris:  Pursuant to Barbara Gray's request, I am attaching the list of master netting agreement counterparties.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Master Netting Group:  I just want to personally thank all of you for all of your hard work the past few weeks in addressing our counterparties' requests for Master Netting Agreements.  We have been able to sign up a number of them as a result of your efforts and have managed to keep certain counterparties from cutting us off in trading.  	Thanks again for your efforts and for putting up with one fire drill after another!  Hopefully we all learned alot in the process.  Carol St. Clair EB 4539 713-853-3989 (phone) 713-646-8537 (fax) 281-382-1943 (cell phone) 8774545506 (pager) 281-890-8862 (home fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com 
 Chris:  Below is an e-mail with the addresses for the BP Amoco entities.  The addresses for the Reliant entities are:  Reliant Energy Services, Inc.:  1111 Louisiana, Houston, Texas  77002 Reliant Energy Services Canada, Ltd.:  1111 Louisiana, Houston, Texas  77002  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Pursuant to Jason Williams's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
  Hi, Edmund!  Can you help us?  We need to find a representative sample of a physical UK gas confirmation with Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited and BNP Paribas.  Una said she can't locate anything.  We need this ASAP as we must get this master netting agreement finalized.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Una:  Thanks for sending me those two ISDAs.  Hopefully, Edmund Cooper will be able to help us find the other document.  Again, thanks for your help.  Marie 
 Hi, Kim:  Can you send me a representative copy of a confirm (with gtcs) for each of the following?  Physical gas with ENA Upstream Company LLC and Samedan Oil Corporation Physical gas with ENA Upstream Company LLC and Forest Oil Corporation Financial with ENA and Forest Oil Corporation  If you want to send them to "Justice" to print that will work for me.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thank you! 
 Ms. Russell:  Per your request, I am attaching a copy of our draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Please let me know if you need the pre-printed forms and I will either fax them or overnight them to you.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Hi, Una:  Can you send me some other copies?  I need a representative copy of a confirmation for the following:  Financial trading with ECTRIC and Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P. Financial trading with ECTRIC and Louis Dreyfus Corporation  If you will fax them to (713) 646-3490 I would certainly appreciate it.  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Nony:  Can you get me a representative copy of each of the following confirms?  Crude with ERAC and Forest Oil Corporation Physical liquids with EGLI and Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Hi, Sharon!  Bet you thought you had heard the last from me.  Can you get me a copy of a physical gas master between ECC and Producers Marketing Ltd.?  Our Credit group gave me the document no. 96013847.  By the way, I received the BP Amoco documents.  Thanks!  Marie 
 I'll be there. 
 Andrew:  Attached are the forms.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Andrew:  Please hold off sending the master netting agreement forms to Allegheny until we get the go ahead from credit.  I will let you know as soon as I speak with them.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Dana:  I faxed these to you this morning and the originals have already gone to Federal Express.  I will resend them to you now.  Marie 
 Attached is the updated list. 
 Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement counterparties.  The entities added since I distributed the list yesterday (Louis Dreyfus) are in bold.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.   Marie x33907 
 Nidia:  Will you send me the final information on Richardson?  Thanks!  Marie 
  I don't know what you told them, but it sure got them to respond. 
 Whew!!!!  I had a hard time following such "proper" English! 
 Let me know if this isn't what you are looking for or if you need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Hi, Roeline:  No, I haven't received any original documents from Sempra.  If he sent them here I would surely have them by now.  Thanks for sending your copies--now I can get a big pile off my desk too.  We are trying to hold our own over here, hoping to miss the first round of layoffs.  It is still so incredibly unbelievable that this is happening.  It seems like a bad dream and any minute we will awaken.  It's supposed to be "business as usual" but it's pretty hard to get into the swing of things.  Hopefully everything will work out.  Have a Happy Thanksgiving!  Marie 
  Don't know if my response reached you or not.  When we reply to e-mails, it automatically puts "@ENRON" at the end, so I'm sending it again. 
 Thanks, Rod! 
 No comments.  Did not give her anything to do. 
  Please see Max's e-mail below. 
 Harlan:  Enron Risk Management & Trading International Corp. is a former name of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp. 
 Robbi:  If you haven't found anyone else to go, I would like to go.  Just let me know.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Attached is the latest list of master netting agreement counterparties.  The only addition is Western Resources (in bold).  Also, I have added The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading, L.P. which, along with PG&E, were previously executed.  In addition, I have noted those master netting agreements that have been executed.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie x33907 
 Per Carol St. Clair, at this time, there is no urgency in finalizing and executing any master netting agreements.  No master netting agreement should be signed without Bill Bradford's or Louise Kitchen's prior approval.  If any questions, please contact either Carol or Elizabeth Sager.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Barbara:  I must not have sent a form master netting agreement to Billy Hayes at Richardson, as I can't seem to find an e-mail where I did.  Marie 
 Updated list. 
 We have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of September 19, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp.  The amendment (i) amends the definition of "Specified Swap" to include foreign exchange spot or foreign exchange forward transactions or currency option transactions; (ii) to specify that The Chase Manhattan Bank is a Multibranch Party and may act through any Office specified in a confirmation; and (ii) to add a "Scope of the Agreement" provision which states that if the parties enter into a "Specified Swap" (as defined in the master agreement) such "Specified Swap" shall be subject to, governed by and construed in accordance with the terms of the agreement unless the confirmation relating thereto specifically states to the contrary.  In addition, we have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of November 8, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp.  The amendment replaces the definitions of "Settlement Amount" and "Loss" as set forth in the master agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received an executed Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of October 3, 2001 between Bank of America, N.A. and Enron North America Corp., which amendment amends the Part 4(c)(ii) of the Schedule which states that Bank of America is a multibranch party and may act through the Offices set forth on Appendix A - Amendments.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received an executed Fourth Amendment to Master Energy Price Swap Agreement dated as of October 26, 2001 between Enron North America Corp. and Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc., which amends the definition of "Exposure Threshold".  Copies will be distributed. 
 Let me know if you need anything else. 
 Hi, Matt:  I have faxed the J.Aron, et al/ENA, et al Master Close-Out Agreement to you at fax number 7783-8667.  The other fax number you gave me wouldn't work.  I have added EEFT under ECTRIC's name and have also added a signature line for ECT Resources Limited.  Carol St. Clair has initialled.  I am also attaching the document should you need to change any signature lines.  The attached document cannot be edited but you can print and manually type in changes.  Once the agreement has been approved, please have an officer of both ECTRIC (EEFT) and ECT Resources Limited sign and return to us by fax.  Please fax a copy to the following fax numbers:  (713) 853-9576, attention Bill Bradford (713) 646-3490, attention Carol St. Clair/Marie Heard  If Ted has any questions, Bill's phone number is (713) 853-3831 and Carol's number is (713) 853-3989.  Tomorrow is Thanksgiving here in the States, so if Bill or Carol aren't in, just leave a voice mail as I'm sure they will be checking their messages.  Thanks so much for your help!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Attached for your review is the El Paso amendment. 
 The address for Reliant Energy Services, Inc. is 1111 Louisiana, Houston, Texas  77002.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Pursuant to Lora Kinner's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement.  The lawyer who will be working with you is Anne Koehler (713/853-3448; anne_koehler@enron.com).  She is out of the office at a seminar and will be returning on Thursday, November 29.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Jay:  Can we incorporate our UK entities?  Marie 
 Hi, John:  Can you answer Athena's questions re Navajo?  It you want to just respond to me, I'll include it in my response re Louis Dreyfus.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Nony and John. 
 Hi, Athena:  Here is the information you requested:  Navajo Refining Company c/o Holly Corporation 100 Crescent Court, Suite 1600 Dallas, Texas  75201-6927  Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P. Louis Dreyfus Corporation  I don't know if Louis Dreyfus Corporation is the same as the Dreyfus Corporation.  Louis Dreyfus Corporation is located in Wilton, Connecticut.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Butler:  Pursuant to your request, attached is our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Pursuant to Jason Williams' request, attached is our form master netting agreement.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.   Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Paul, Matt and Edmund:  Attached is a copy of the Master Netting Agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron North America Corp., et al.  It is imperative that this master netting agreement be executed as soon as possible tomorrow morning (11/27), so I am asking your assistance in getting this document signed.  The UK entities to sign are EEFT, Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited, Enron Credit Limited and Enron Metals Limited.  Please leave the signature pages as set forth on the attached document, as Enron Metals may be deleted from the agreement.  At this point, we aren't sure, so we will have it sign on a separate page and then if they are not a party to the agreement, we will omit their signature page.  Please take whatever steps are necessary to have the attached document signed ASAP.  Harlan Murphy (713/345-2679 is the lawyer here in Houston who prepared the document.  Please contact either Harlan, Mary Cook (713/345-7732), Elizabeth Sager (713/853-6349) or Carol St. Clair (713/853-3989) if you have any questions.  Bill Bradford is the Credit contact and his number is (713) 853-3831.  When the document is signed, please fax the signature pages to me at (713) 646-3490.  MANY THANKS!!!!!!!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 We have received the following financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:		ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:			November 14, 2001  Enron Entity:			Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:			Amerada Hess Corporation  Transactions Covered:		Approved for all products with the exception of:  Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:		Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:			New York  Special Handling Requirement:	Counterparty has five (5) Local Business Days after a confirmation was received by it to accept or dispute a confirmation.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Hi, Dana:  We have received the original copy of the ISDA Master Agreement.  In looking through the supporting documents, we noted two outstanding items:  1.	We did not receive an original signed IRS Tax Form W-9 as required pursuant to Part 3(a); and  2.	The Certificate of Incumbency we received was not an original and was dated November 14, 2000.  We would like to receive an original certificate dated a current date.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact either Frank or me.  We look forward to receiving this documentation.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Harlan:  Here are a clean and blacklined copy of the mna with the revised Exhibit A.  The second one is the blackline copy.  Marie 
 Clean and blacklined copies. 
 We are finalizing the master netting agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron Corp., et al for execution, and have received copies of all underlying documentation with the exception of documentation for Enron Metals Limited.  Can you fax or e-mail me a copy of what documentation Enron Metals Limited signs--ISDA, general terms and conditions, etc. with BNP Paribas?   We need to receive this documentation ASAP.  Thanks for your help.  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 (713) 896-1673.  It doesn't matter to me if we eat before or go for coffee after.  The only places I know to eat near the Wortham are at Bayou Place.  I know there's Hard Rock Cafe, a barbecue place and I don't know what else is there.  Let me know what you want to do. If we don't eat before, I guess we can meet at the bottom of the escalators at the theatre. 
 It would definitely be out of your way.  I don't mind driving downtown, so why don't we just meet at the Wortham at about 7?.  We have been parking in one of the outside lots off Smith right across from the side of the Wortham (the Bank One Lot) since the flood closed down so many of the underground garages. 
 Me too! 
 Ms. Navarro:  Thank you for sending your comments to the guaranty.  Please note our comments below.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Carol:  I apologize for not getting back to you on Friday, but it was pretty hectic here.  There are no special provisions for a German counterparty other than the tax reps.  We do have a treaty with Germany.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Marie 
 Mr. Kohler:  Just a follow-up to check on the status of the Master Agreement forwarded to you by our Calgary office for execution.  Thanks!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Mr. Daborn:  Would you please send me your delivery address so that I can send you the documentation requested in connection with the opening of ECT Investments' account with CSFB Europe?  Thank you!  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 marie.heard@enron.com 
 Gordon:  Attached is the revised Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty, changing the EBITDA/Interest Expense ratio.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Gordon:  Have you received a W8BEN tax form and/or a legal opinion from Nemak?  They are supposed to deliver these to us in connection with the signed ISDA Master Agreement, but I haven't seen them and before I contact them, I thought I'd check just to make sure you didn't receive them.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Thanks, Gordon.  I'll send them a letter asking for these items.  Thanks!  Marie 
 Celeste:  You can use this ISDA to confirm your weather deal.  Marie 
 Attached is the Annex B to be used for all future financial transactions with the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Attached is the Annex B to be used for all future financial transactions between ENA and the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.  Marie 
 Genia:  We have credit sign off on all masters, amendments, assignments and terminations--any document where credit is involved.  We don't have them initial the day to day confirms, but if there is a confirm with a lot of credit terms which may have been negotiated, then we'll have them initial those.  Marie 
 Looks like we may have an agreed to guaranty from Pemex. 
 Hi, Diane!  Can you have someone in your group provide me with copies of the following confirms:  VB7464.1 VC1359.1 VC1330.1  If you will call when the copies are ready, I'll send one of our clerks down to pick them up.  Thanks!  Marie x33907 
 Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a memo that I prepared in April, 2000 regarding procedures for opening brokerage accounts.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara at x35620 or me with any questions.  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
 Hi, Bianca!  Francisco Pinto Leite has asked me to give him a list of all outstanding ISDAs and Deemed ISDAs with Mexican counterparties.  Can you send me a list of the Deemed ISDAs that are still outstanding (either comments received or counterparty has not returned signed copy).  Thanks!  Marie  Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Phone:  (713) 853-3907 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 Marie.Heard@Enron.com 
