un both days and am starting back at the gym today so I can become superbuff.  I've lost 6 lbs during this whole thing at least.  Just 9 more lbs to my goal of 140.  I saw Rayfael Friday when he came over to bring me a birthday present (he didn't think I was home!)  Then I took him some stuff that was at my house yesterday and we hung out a little bit.  I'm still hoping there's a chance we can get back together, but I don't want to get my hopes up too much.  He definitely needs some time to himself and to get over this bout of depression.  I just hope that if he does, then he wants to get back together then, but I'm not sure he does.  We'll see.  I'm not interested in seeing anyone else right away, so I guess I can afford to give it a little time.  Can you put a spell on him?  hehehe  Of course, if we do get back together, that's bad news for the puppies.  If it did come to that, though, I would take them to doggie daycare during the day and they could stay outside at night - that wouldn't be so bad and they wouldn't be lonely.  Anyway, that's a BIG IF that I really shouldn't be concentrating on...so there.  How are things in Germany?  How was your trip to London?  I saw Heather in the elevator here last week, but I didn't get a chance to talk to her.  Write back!!!  Scott 
 Thanks!  I'm doing a tiny bit better today I think.  Probably won't be my most exciting birthday ever, though!  Yeah, I wish you were here to take me shopping too!  At least now, I have some time to do some of those little projects around the house that have been stacking up :).  Scott 
 Well, I think for now that he's not wanting to be in a serious relationship.  I don't think he ever really did, but we just ended up having one.  But I think he's got alot of other stuff going on in his life now with job and friends and feels that he can't be committed to a relationship and knows he's not going to make the effort.  I don't know if that will change anytime soon or not.  I'm assuming it won't, but hoping it will.  Anyway, I'm just super-depressed now and my birthday is tomorrow!  This will not be a birthday to remember.  :(  I really wasn't ready for our relationship to end, and didn't think it was about to, really.  So, I have to deal with the shock as well as the sadness.  I'm going to talk to him tonight about a couple of things, but if nothing is different today, I guess we'll just leave each other alone for a while and see what happens.  Scott 
 Mike ---  Did you get set up on AOL instant messenger yet?  If so, what's your screen name?  I'm scotth1965.  I've got several of my usual trading partners on there and it works out pretty well.  Scott 
 Darla -  Contact is:  Ricky Hart 3800 New Hampshire Ave NW Suite 405 Washington, DC 20011-7930 877-637-6270 
 I hope it's not really over, but i think it is, at least for now.  I'm very, very sad.  I don't want to be at work, but I might as well be here and depressed and somewhat busy, rather than at home and depressed with nothing to divert my attention.  At least the doggies still love me!  Scott 
 you must not have got my second message....rayfael and i broke up last night :(  unrelated to dog situation....  scott 
 http://www.fitnessheaven.com/resources/workouts/myworkout/ 
 Now the dog issue isn't a problem...me and Rayfael broke up last night.  :( 
 Any news on whether you can make it for the weekend of Jun 22?  I now it's way past my turn to go there, but the show will be better in Houston that weekend!  Also, what about the Aladdin...did you get comped?  Scott 
 I'm so sad!!!  Mr. Bean and Greta are going to have to move outside.  Rayfael's allergies just can't take them, even if I relegate them to the downstairs bedroom and outside.  It's like he's building up an immunity to the allergy medicine.  He's just miserable anytime he's at the house - obviously, that doesn't help a relationship.  So, starting tonight (?) they are going to move outside.  I'm gonna have to get them one or two (probably one) doghouse.  I'm so depressed about the whole thing.  Rayfael feels bad too, but it's important he not be near death anytime we're together.  He feels like the bad guy.  And I feel like a bad father!!!  I can't bear to think of their cute little faces staring in the french doors wondering what they did wrong!  I'm getting paid back for all the nasty things I said about Barbara Dillard and her dogs!!!  I want  you to move back and let Mr. Bean and Greta live with you and Angus!!!  Nextdoor!!!  (the house is still for sale! - $269,000 list now, down from $314,000).  So, will you come back and be my doggies' mommy?  Armin can come, too.  Write back!  Scott 
 Dutch ---  I need to cancel a deal where East-CNG sold 10,000 Jun NX at 4.20.  It was a limit order that EOL never recognized, but during 