l today if you get a chance.  713.853.0383 
 what's up froggy?  things have slowed down over here.  give me a call today when you get a chance.  713.853.0383 
 pat what are you talking about? 
 what is up peppermint?  you missed drew's birthday at mom's.  you did'nt miss much except that chris and oscar got mad because we did not include little oscar in with drew's birthday party.  so both of them are pissed at mom and dad.  and the other thing at the party was that greg and tia celia were both there at the party .  they did not talk to each other.  we also had super ramiro and his band there for a little while.  don't forget to get drew's birthday present, please send cash only!! 
 your on the shit list now for not letting some unknowns stay in your house! 
 Myself,  being of Mexican descent there is no need for this snake oil. Please double check with the Russell Belato's of the world. 
 just a test.  e-mail me back! 
 THE HERNANDEZ'A NEW CRIB ADDRESS IS 506 CHITWOOD CT. HOUSTON TX 77094.  WHAT IS UP!  DO YOU HAVE AN AOL INSTANT MESSENGER?  I'M AT EL64GALLO 
 i just heard that scooter is working at dynegy.  e-mail me back.  for instant messenger go to netscape or to aol and you can get hooked up. its no biggie 
 GO TO THE NESTCAPE  AND ON THE COMMUMICATER  TITLE.  AT THE TOP CLICK ON IT AND YOU WILL SEE AOL INSTANT MESS.  TRY IT THAT WAY. 
 mike does this remind you of someone!!! 
 Patty tu eres el hombre!.  its good to hear from you either way.  and yes you can stay at the house.  you get to change diapers!!!!  so i can't write much i've been super busy today.  entergy power is trying to screw as we speak. later and i'll talk to you tomorrow.  you only have to pay back the interest. 
 jhernan3 
 WHAT'S UP,  E-MAIL ME YOUR PHONE # 
 i need your # 
 juan.hernandez@enron.com   # 713-853-0383 
 first of all are you going to send me free stuff? 
 that's what i wanted to hear.  1400 smith st.  77002  31st floor 
 I have added a folder in excel to keep track of vacation and customer outings etc..  You can find this folder in m:\electric\24hr\juanh\sevacation.  That is all!! 
 http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/portal/ 
 Congrats!!!!!  That is one good looking baby!!!!  Let us know when  we can come over to check him out.  p.s.  i'm bringing brewski's over for rob!! 
   Enron Technology 
 This is 80% true.  You know you are at a SERIOUS MEXICAN BIRTHDAY  PARTY IF: ? 1.??? Some of the guests didn't  bring a gift, but brought extra uninvited kids. 2.??? When the cake says "Happy  Birthday Mijo" instead of the child's real name. 3.??? The party is at Chuck E.  Cheese, but they brought their own food, cake, and a pinata. 4.??? It's a party, but there are  more grown-ups than children. 5.??? It's "Mijo's" 1st Birthday and  the party food is carne asada, arroz con frijoles puercos, y 10 cases of  beer. 6.??? For entertainment, instead of  playing pin the tail on the donkey, there is usually a televised baseball,  football game, or a live fight. 7.??? They don't sing Happy  Birthday, instead everyone is salsa dancing. 8.??? The party was over at 5:00,  it's 10:00 and the party is just starting. 9.??? You find out from Abuela that  Abuelo is taking viagra. 10.??? The host calls someone who's  on their way and tells them to stop and get some tortillas and ice. 11.??? The guests start arriving and  the hostess disappears to get ready. 12.??? You hear someone go up to the  birthday child and say "Mira, tan cute!" 13.??? Someone else says? "I'm  going to have to get you something next week when I get paid. 14.??? The party is Saturday, and  you get a call from the hostess Friday night saying, "I'm giving Mijo a birthday  party tomorrow at 3:00." 15.??? Some guests bring gifts that  are still in the store bag unwrapped. 16.??? There always seems to be more  family than friends at the party. 17.??? You have the party over at  your's brother's because he bought a new house and he has a pool. 18.??? The cake didn't come from the  store; it came from the mother of the comadre of your friend's sister who makes  really good cakes. 19.??? You are told you have to save  your plate and fork you ate your food with, so you can eat you  cake. 20.??? Someone calls and says they  can't make it, but asks that you save them some cake. 21.??? Guests are wrapping up cake  to take to Madre, Tio, Abuela, Chata y el Junior. 22.??? The party music is coming  from a small boom box. 23.??? The birthday child is dressed  from head to toe in Tommy. 24.??? The birthday baby's Daddy  comes to the party and brings the kid he had before and after the Birthday  Baby. 25.??? It's "Mijo's" party, but  since his cousin Madonna is there and her birthday is in a few days, it becomes  Mijo's and Madonna's party. ? Power to la Raza ? I thought this was?something to share with all  you REAL Mexicans and those who are still trying to get to know  us..........  ? 
 Recommended by: MOM- I LOVE YOU! 
 I will be out of the office on Tuesday, October 10th. My son Joseph and I have follow-up appointments on this day.  Thank You. 
 Good morning baby girl! How are you this morning? And how are my grandbabies? Call me later. I love you!  Bye!!! 
 Good morning!  I thank you for the morning prayer. I really needed to see and hear that today. GOD BLESS YOU!   Love, Judy. 
 My husband and I will be closing on the house we are buying on Friday @ 1:00p.m.  I will be leaving work on Friday @12:00.     Thank you! 
 I  AM REQUESTING FOR THIS TIME OFF,   DEC.20TH , DEC.21ST, &  DEC.22ND.  MY FAMILY AND I  ARE PLANNING  A TRIP TO HUNTSVILLE. 
 Hi baby!  I did pick up your check today . I hope to see you guys tomorrow at church. Give Natalie and Baby Alex a big hug and kiss for me.  I love you ! Byeeeee!   MOM. 
 Hi Jennifer, call me and let me know where you are working. Love you!  Mom 
