 clear that lawyers will be around here for quite some time.  Anyway, hope all is well with you.  My bright note this fall was the Buckeyes win over "the State Up North".  Give my best to your family.  Have a great holiday.  Jeff 
 Marcus;  My office phone number is 713-853-6911.  Have a good weekend.  Jeff 
 Philip:  Enron Natural Gas Marketing Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Enron North America Corp.  Jeff Hodge 
 Lisa:  The above is an entity that does a lot of gas purchasing.  It has not yet been put into bankruptcy.  Given the various payments that have and will not be made, I think serious consideration should be given to filing for this entity.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 5822 Center Court Drive Spring, Texas  77379 
 Gregg:  Here is the information for the meeting at noon.  If you could e-mail it, I would appreciate it.  We will call you from the conference room.  Jeff 
 No can do.  Tonight is my anniversary.  Jeff -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This seems fine to me.  Jeff -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Kay:  Sounds fine to me.  Jeff 
 Tanya:  This is what was sent over by Duke.  I will be reviewing it later on, but let me know what credit provisions we would like to see.  Jeff 
 To Whom It May Concern:  Could you please send a hard copy of the BHP application to:  Chandler Nicole Hodge 5822 Center Court Drive Spring, Texas  77379  Thank you,  Jeff 
 Susan:  Yes.  Jeff 
 Debra:  Sounds fine.  Jeff 
 Things seem to be fine. 
 Why is Jean Mrha an alternate? 
 Barbara:  The change on the physical gas contracts was made in August, 1999.  I hope this is of some help.  Jeff 
 FYI 
 As we discussed. 
 Debra:  Could you prepare these 2 Masters ASAP?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Peter;  Please call me regarding this.  Jeff 
 Steve:  Attached you will find a Gas Agreement for OGE Energy Resources, Inc.  This would also serve as the template for GISB contracts.  Let me know your thoughts.  Jeff 
 This looks good to me.  Jeff 
 Stacey and Ellen:  In light of current circumstances, if a counterparty has both a Master Firm and a GISB, please confirm all firm physical transactions (both telephonic and EOL) under the Master Firm and not the GISB.  Additionally, could one of you provide me a list of EOL counterparties who have a GISB contract listed as their master agreement for EOL.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Per our discussion. 
 Mercy,  Per our discussion.  Would you send me a copy of the faxed letter?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 For your review. 
 Mark:  I did not want to make a big deal of this at the OGC Meeting, but if a legal transition team is formed, I would like to be considered for membership.  I feel that my strengths are what may be needed on such  a committee.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Alan:  Obviously, we would be willing to enter into a Master Agreement with Goldman Sachs/J Aron.  At this point in time we would not be willing to enter into a GISB as we would prefer working under the GTCs until the Master is hammered out.  If you can get credit to get us the appropriate information, we can prepare the master.  Jeff 
 Jason:  Here is the transcript of the tape.  Jeff 
 Tanya:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 Carlos:  This is the project I was talking about.  Let's get together and talk.  Jeff 
 Ms. Alexander:  At the request of Tanya Rohauer with Enron, I am forwarding you a form Master Netting, Setoff, and Security Agreement together with a Collateral Annex.  I will start preparing specific documents for Williams, but thought this might be a good starting place.  I would appreciate it if you could forward these on to all appropriate parties.  In particular, if I could get the name of your lawyer so that I could forward things directly to him or her, that would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks so much.  Jeff Hodge 713-853-6911 
 Peter:  Attached is as Assignment Agreement that Tenaska Marketing Canada would like to enter to move certain November ENA trades to ECC.  Frankly, this ultimately becomes a payables issue as most of the deliveries have been completed.  I have approved the document and am forwarding it on to credit to handle getting the signatures.  I would appreciate it if you could expedite this when it gets to you.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above-referenced meeting. 
 Per our conversation.  Jeff 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above referenced matter. 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above-referenced matter. 
 Dick:  Does this work for you?  By copy of this note I am asking Dan to call you to verify.  Jeff 
 Paul:  Any progress here.  Jeff    Paul_A_Karns@fpl.com 11/29/2000 03:45 PM 
 Attached is a letter and a GISB Agreement. 
 Judy:  You can use my office on Saturday, December 9 from 9:00 AM to Noon.  My office is EB3878a and the extension is 3-6911.  Jeff Hodge 
 Janette:  This is fine with me.  Can you go ahead and do what is necessary here.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Jenny:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above matter. 
 Steve:  Would it be possible for you to participate by phone?  Jeff    Steve Van Hooser 10/31/2000 10:35 AM 
 Mark:  This falls into your area.  I have spoke to William Kelly and advised that I am forwarding it to you.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Christi and Diane:  I will also be out on vacation on Thursday and Friday, but I will be back next week.  My secretary will know how to reach me and I will be checking voice mail.  Jeff    Christi L Nicolay 12/13/2000 09:34 AM 
 Michael:  It is circulating.  I really do not have any idea as to time frame.  Jeff    Michael Slade 12/12/2000 09:48 AM 
 Clement:  Attached to the e-mail I am forwarding you will find the Enron Guaranty Agreement that was forwarded to Altrade.  Could you review the comments of Altrade and respond.  Also, I presume that Enron has provided a Guaranty to Altrade for ENA's business.  You may well wish to use that as a starting point.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Debbie:  My first choice is March 30.  My second choice is March 29.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Ruth:  In follow-up to our telephone  conversation,  I am confirming that it is my analysis of the purchase agreement between CES and ENA that ENA must refund to CES any transportation refunds it gets relating to the CES transportation contracts that relate to activity prior to January 1, 2000.  Likewise, if there are costs relating to such contracts prior to January 1, 2000, those are the responsibility of CES.  I hope this helps to clarify the situation.  Jeff 
 Mark:  I am not aware of any of these type contracts.  I do know that we are at times suppliers to the types of businesses listed.  Jeff    Mark E Haedicke Sent by: Janette Elbertson 04/11/2001 03:19 PM 
 Jill:  You are right.  Once this is assigned it cannot be used by ENA.  If everyone is fine with that, then there should be no issues.  Jeff    Jill T Zivley/ENRON@enronXgate 04/27/2001 10:54 AM 
 I thought it might be a some help if I distributed a red-lined version of this document prior to tomorrow's meeting.  I hope you find this of some use.  Jeff 
 Nony:  Thanks for the note.  I had caught that, but I apprecate you letting me know.  Jeff    Nony Flores 05/29/2001 06:06 PM 
 Brian:  I had an opportunity to review your draft letter.  My thoughts are as follows:  1.  I am not sure that I would limit yourself to discussions on the price alone.  I might make some reference to discussing potential commercial resolutions to avoid the reopener.  2.  You make a reference in the letter to "GSA".  I do not think that is defined anywhere else and probably needs to be.  Other than that, I am fine with the letter.  I will leave it to Richard to finalize this with you.  Thanks, Jeff      Brian Redmond 11/07/2000 03:07 AM 
 Jim:  I agree.  However, it probably would make some sense to have EWS legal look at any particularly complex pricing structures that may be passed by the EWS desk.  Jeff    James E Keller@EES 05/21/2001 07:03 PM 
 Michelle:  The approach you have outlined is fine with me.  Thanks,  Jeff    Michelle Maynard@EES 06/04/2001 04:59 PM 
 Rick:  Got your e-mail.  Glad to hear from you.  Hope all is well.  Class reunion 2002 would be 30 years.  What do you think we should do?  Jeff    "Rick Carey" <rcarey278@home.com> 06/03/2001 09:43 PM 
 Michelle:  Pursuant to our telephone conversation, I am forwarding you this e-mail.  As I advised we would like to obtain whatever information we can on a labor situation between Midwest Generation and the IBEW in the Chicago area.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 FYI 
 Mark:  Per my voice mail.  Jeff 
 Richard:  I received a delivery failure notice when I tried to forward this to you and the Susman & Godfrey lawyers.  As I do not have their e-mail addresses with me, could you forward this on to them if you think it is necessary.  Thank, Jeff 
 Sheila:  In response to your note of November 1 regarding the above referenced topic, I would like to be sure that the following are included among my reviewers:  Janet Dietrich Ed McMichael Scott Neal Phillip Allen  Thanks, Jeff 
 Here is the e-mail I was talking about.  The document in question is PSEG LOU.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Dan:  Please handle this.  Jeff 
 Attached is the proposed draft of the Initial Position for the Duke matter. Let me know what you think.  Jeff 
 Robert:  The latest draft is attached below.  I still think we should add a reference stating that defined terms are as outlined in the Agreement.  Let me know what you think.  Jeff 
