he development of a comprehensive energy demand model.  Mike Roberts suggested that a member from your research team might be a good fit.  Our vision is to develop a consumption model for the western states (WSCC) which merges factors from natural gas and electricity markets.  This model would consider but may not be limited to: weather, electricity loads, a generation stack and commodity prices (hyrdo, coal, nuclear, oil, etc...), electricity transmission across regions, and predictable non-economic behavior patterns.  This individual would receive extensive exposure to our commercial environment and would have significant support from team members on our desk.  Two members of our team have started this project and I am very excited by the scope and depth that can be achieved with your help.  Please let me know if you are interested.  Sincerely, Keith Holst 
 Peter,  Enron's credit department is reviewing the proposed transactions.  We will have a response tonight.  Keith 713-853-7069 
 how about monday and tuesday? 
 John,  This is not a critical matter, but one you may want to consider when you get a moment.  Brent Dornier is an analyst who is moving back to Houston from London.  He has been invited to join the trading track program and was scheduled to spend the first rotation on the west desk.  I met him face to face in London a few weeks ago and think he is exceptionally strong.  In the event that we are cutting people from the team and Brent is overlooked I think you should consider meeting him yourself.  Keith 
 Andrew,  Please e-mail a phone number were I can give you a call in a few minutes....Need travel advice.  Keith 
 Andy,  Coincidentally, I will be visiting London November 9th-11th and thought I might visit Enron's offices.  I am unaware of Amerax's penetration into the UK energy markets, but they are among the top three in North America.  As far as brokers go, Scott does a good job.  He is straight forward and honest and consequently was getting the largest share of our business in the west.  If you are interested, I would be happy to introduce you to Scott during my trip.  My schedule is fairly flexible.  Keith 
 Sounds good.  I'll plan on arriving to the office just after lunch and follow your lead on the beers.  Keith 
 Rita:  In an effort to handle these matters in an efficient and coordinated manner, we have assigned Geoff Storey as the Enron point person.  I am forwarding your request to him.  Geoff can be reached at 713-853-7058.  Please let me know if I can help in any way.  Thanks Keith 
 FU, u stupid b-tch. 
 Geoff:  Attached is J.Aron's request and their exposure to Enron.  Rita has not already found a suitable offset as she felt it was most appropriate to get our permission first.  PLease make go away.  Also, I received a similar request from David Dutch at Entergy-Koch.  Please call him at 713-544-5580.  Make this go away too.  Finally, find paper I put on your desk from Harrison wtih Sempra.  Have fun Sweet Pea!!! 
 Ron,  We are interviewing Brent Dornier for a position on the West gas trading desk and understand that he worked for you in the past.  We seek an individual who possesses exceptional computer skills, is able to complete projects with very little guidance, and has some commercial awareness.  Is Brent our man?  Keith Holst 713-853-7069 
 Margaret,  I do wish to renew my visa, however, the system has deleted your previous e-mail containing the questionnaire.  Could you please resend this and a list of other requirements.  I will turn the paper work around in 24 hours.  I am unsure how to respond to the following questions:  6.   U.S. Alien registration number.....unsure what this is  7.   Address outside U.S....................I have severed Canadian residency for tax purposes.  Can I answer N/A?  11. Complete legal name and address of Enron affiliate......similar to #7.  I have severed all ties to Canada, including Enron Canada.  Entire section on "Current postino abroad"....similar issue as described in #11.   Sorry for the inconvience this has caused.  Thanks Keith 
 Nobody is better than you George!!!!!  Thanks Keith 
 Brent:  Phillip Allen passed your resume to me.  I would like to discuss the possibilty of you spending your first rotation in Houston with Mike Grigsby and myself on the west natural gas trading desk.  I understand that you are a trading candidate and a rotation on the west desk would fulfill one of the program requirements.  I will be in London November 9th, please let me know if you can spare a few minutes.  Thanks Keith Holst 713-853-7069 
 Going to Scotland for the weekend....Why the hell are you moving back to Houston?  In 2 months you'll be going to Galveston for the weekend.  Anyway, I'm arriving early Friday morning and plan on reaching Enron around 1:00 PM.  If it works for you, lets plan on meeting around 1:30 PM.  Keith 
 Zac  We are looking forward to having you join our team.  I will be out of the office Friday, returning Monday.  Keith 
 John,  Let me begin by recognizing that you are now entrusted to resolve issues that were not of your own creation.  I also appreciate the tremendous amount of stress that you have been under especially considering the birth of your second child.  I do not envy you now, yet I am sincerely grateful that it is you and Greg leading us through these times.  The message that you have sent throughout my six years with Enron has been "trust the system until it fails you".  We would all be disappointed if our troubled times were a result of a few (rather large) ill-conceived investments, but the violation of trust comes from the deliberate misrepresentation of facts.  Namely the restatement of earnings and balance sheet items back to 1997.  We have all based our decisions to continue employment with Enron upon publicly available information.  Has fraudulence been proven in a court of law?  No.  However, the court of public opinion has already had it its trial, the perpetrators have been convicted and the victims now await retribution.  In this matter, the corporation is responsible to the court of public opinions jurisdiction.  I write you now to offer my version of justice.  From 1997 to date I have received restricted stock and options with a notional value of approximately $700,000 (by memory).  At the end of each compensation period, I based my decision to continue my employment with Enron on all publicly available information.  This corporation has deliberately and knowingly misrepresented these facts.  Today, I call on Enron to repurchase my entire equity portfolio and replace it with a one time lump sum payment equal to the exact notional value.  My situation is certainly unique.  I can save you the effort and inform you that my net career to date contribution is $zero.  To this I have three responses: (1)  At no time did I falter from the highest ethical standard, whereas Enron has; (2) I am calling for Enron to address its misrepresentations made prior to my 2001 misfortune.  It would be an injustice for Enron to use my 2001 performance to justify its prior unethical compensation program; and (3) I am fully prepared to accept zero performance bonus for this year.  Enron may not be able to offer this solution to all of its employees.  You may need to make decisions on who to keep.  Perhaps Enron should offer to release those less desired individuals from any contractual obligations.  John, I recognize that these issues cannot be resolved over night.  I will be as patient as I can be.  Sincerely, Keith 
 FYI.  One sure way to piss me off beyond anything you could possibly imagine is critize me for something BEFORE checking the facts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I told your wife that I was gonna get the title company's number from you and set it up.  So go fuck yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Brent:  We are really looking forward to having you on the team.  The new trading floor is awesome.  Feel free to take a couple extra days if you need them.  Keith 
 I am sorry.  I forgot that you're the only people on earth that have things going on in their lives!!!! 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 F.U.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Just kidding. 
