Analysts on Monday.  Sorry I couldn't go to Chicago with Chuck but it appeared I would have been a detraction.  I would like to sit down over luch with you when you have the time to see what your plans are.  In the meantime call if I can be of any help.  Stan 
 The total bonus pool needed for EGS is $54,800,000.  The amount charged and paid by joint ventures is $5,091062.  The Enron portion would thus be $49,708,938.  This is a reduction of  $14,846,779 for 2001 bonuses charged to Enron. 
 I know it must be frustrating being a ocean away and not really knowing what is going on.  I can assure you that at times I too feel that I do not know everything that is going and that is probably correct.  I can tell you that Jeff McMahon did receive the offer from the Royal Bank of Scotland at or around RAB.  I have supplied him the potential financial impact of Enron accepting that offer.  As of yesterday no decision had been made about responding to their offer.  I suspect that a decision should be made early next week.  I would appreciate your thoughts as soon as you can supply them to me.  Ken Lay and Dynegy have both characterised Enron's investments in water assets as non-core which means of cource that they will be divested in due time.  I would think that that would be the final straw that triggers the goodwill impairment.  We all recommended that if Enron could not support the goodwill remaining on the books then we should proceed with trying to sell Wessex at or around RAB.  That is where we are right now.  Again, please send me your comments.  I would try to keep this confidential since we have not yet made a descision.  I am sorry if I have not done a good job of communicating with you the past few weeks.  Things are quite hectic as you can imagine. 
 Thanks for the update. 
 Do we have to pay them! 
 Thanks.  I am not surprised that we asked to meet with them but I am surpeised that Jeff did not mention it to me.  Communication here is not great.  Stan 
 No problem.  Prudent actions given the circumstances. 
 Thanks for the report.  The level of detail was on target.  Let me know when you want to discuss comp issues. 
 I will await Jeff's call.  Can you fill me in on what is happening with Wessex.  Colin Skellet has been notified that the potential buyer is coming here to have discussions with McMahon.  I need to get in the information loop if at all possible. Thanks 
 Quite frankly I am getting tired of memos like this!  There has not been a = decision not to provide short-term liquidity for Enron Wind.  If there was = I would have called.  Enron is in the midst of a liquidity crisis.  I need = the support of the entire team as does Enron to help us get through this.  = I need you to see the bigger picture and to think of ways that Wind can hel= p.  I need cost reductions, improved cash flow and SUPPORT.  Thank you! 
 What meeting on Tuesday?  No one has informed me of a Tuesday meeting. 
 I like it.  Thanks. 
 From a valuation standpoint I assume Case 1 would give us the highest multiple.  The issue is is it doable?  We have achieved $600 million last year.  Also, before we go further with Project Armstrong I would like to get Whalley and Dynegy to agree that if the discussions are successful we would do the deal.  Let's suspend these discussions for the time being.  Stan 
 We need to get this done.  What other resources do you need to get this dea= l done. 
 I know the value Phil has brought to this effort.  I also know his plate is full and I am glad you will assisting him on getting the EOTT problem under control.  PLEASE keep me updated. 
 Yes the weather has turned somewhat colder.  Busy day.  Call tonight. Love you.  Dad 
 Given our limited corporate resources, can we cut the IT newsletter? 
 Ken has forwarded to me your letter of October 18 wherein you asked how Enron wanted to handle several activities which you are now engaged (Trojan nuclear plant decommissioning, contract review for offshore sales and rep agreements and involvement in Transparency International).  Ken has asked me to work with you on this.  Please let me know a good time to discuss.  Thank you.  Stan Horton 
 We cannot afford a communications or performance breakdown.  I am looking to you to insure that one does not happen. 
 Thanks.  To date I haven't heard anything from GISB. 
 That is your call.  I am trying to make sure everyone is looking at their group and properly assessing where we can become more efficient.  You have to way the benefits vs. cost. 
 I thought we should review the process with Mark and Jeff first.  I will go ahead and invite either Jeff or Ray. 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks.  That means alot. 
 Agree.  We could waste alot of time with Candover and not get anywhere. 
 Thanks Mitch.  I have 18 month old twins who could care less about my distractions.  They are my stress outlet now.  Happy Thanksgiving. 
 This does conflict with a meeting I have in Washington D>C> with Nortwest Natural that Dick asked for.  Your call on rescheduling the meeting with Candover. 
 30 days is acceptable.  This is extremely important to us. 
 BUMMER on the test.  Let it go an do well on the next and it won't make a d= ifference.  You are welcome anytime on Thanksgiving.  I have some papers th= at you have to get notarized on Friday.  I have also scheduled to have you = Explorer for an oil change and lube job.  I assume you have not done this y= et.  Write back 
 Thanks Frank.  I will look over the resumes but given Enron's current condition we are not doing any new development projects outside of the pipelines and are relying on Corporate Development to assist with asset sales.  Given all that I don't believe I have a spot for anyone.  Quite frankly, I am concerned about keeping all that I have. 
 Given where we are I tend to agree with theswe statements. 
 No problem at all. 
 Please set this up for Monday. 
 Sorry but it is Enron's policy not to comment on these types of things.  Rest assured that we have very experienced people who are evaluating  offers we receive for any asset. Thank you. 
 Ok, but please expedite. Also, you should be aware that Todd has informed me of his need to pursue going on short-term disability.  We are looking at internal candidates to serve as the CFO for the interim period as we seek to seel Enron Wind.  You will of cource have input into the decision.  My first interview is Monday with a Mike Miller who is in corporate development.  I will keep you informed. 
 I am glad it worked out for you.  It will be interesting to see how things unfold in the days ahead. 
 Thank you Frank.  That means alot. 
 Good days are now impossible! 
 The list looks complete. 
 Congratulations on your test.  Proud of you.  Everyday is tough.  I can't tell you what its like other than tough.  Love, Dad 
 Thanks.  Right now I know of no available opportunities but will keep you in mind. 
 I think we should talk with them if the have the cash.  However, I get very= nervous when anyone would commit $100 to $200 million with limited due dil= igence.  Also, I would not want to announce anything until the deal closes.= Preannouncing a deal of this size isn't goi8ng to stabilize anything.  $1= to $2 BILLION might get a different answer.  As to your involvement, you m= ade the right call. 
 You have my permission to just refer them to Jeff Donahue.  Jeff is in the process of naming individuals to assist in the disposition of our international assets.  Corporate development, EGAS and investment bankers will collectively pursue the disposition.  I woould think Dr. Boyce should be so advised of the process we are going to use.  Jeff or his designee can deliver this message if you would like.  Jeff, I assume this is the right approach given our converstion. 
 I am ok with this.  Bill has done a good job. 
 Contact Lou Pai.  He is heading up our new Xelerator program that is looking at new business opportunities that are outside of our mainstram businesses. 
 Yes, please go ahead and send the documents to David. 
 Of cource. It is always good visiting with you.  See you soon. 
 I have no idea what this project is so an update would be appreciated.  Please set something up with my assistant Cindy Stark.  Thanks. 
 I figured this posting belonged to one of you.  Please see the message from Danny Jones. 
 First of all congratulations on completing your degree.  Having completed my Masters degree by going to school at nights and Saturdays while working full time I know first hand the commitment that takes.  I suggest that you work through Mary Ellen in trying to find the right position.  She knows Gary Smith, VP of HR for ETS.  Between the two of them they should be able to offer you the right advise.  Keep me informed. 
 Call my assistant, Cindy Stark and set up an appointment. 
 Nasim Khan is due to rotate back to the states very soon.  He at one time worked for TW.  He has experience in Business Development.  Please give him some time when he calls to see if he can be of some value to our business development efforts. 
 Thanks.  You made my day.  I think she is kind of special so its nice to hear good things about her.  See you tomorrow. 
 Chris, Steve got us a tee time at 7:52 am Saturday on the OLD course starting on #10 tee box.  I have told him you will play. See you Tomorrow.  Stan 
 Did anyone make a tee-time for golf this weekend.  I can play Saturday as long as we are done by @ pm or any time on Sunday.  Please let me know.  I can make a t-time but I am not sure what we will get at this late date. 
 Lunch is not good this week.  I have a business lunch tomorrow.  Thursday is the GISB Board meeting.  Are you going?  I"ll give you a ride there and to your car afterwards if you do not need to come back downtown to work.  Let me know.  Dad 
 It is a bad day getting worse.  Any more questions about how I am doing?  If it rains I am going out and standing in it because it will mean my day is actually improving.  Talk with you later.  Daddy 
 The name sounds ok to me.  Better than EOTTMTBE<LP et al. 
 Ok with me. 
 Ok.  Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment. 
 I will know our schedule better next week.  I would hope we could execute before the end of June at the latest.  I will email you again on Monday.  Thanks. 
 I have secured a tee time for Saturday at 9:52 am for the New Course.  If I hear from Steve or Tom that they have a tee time already I will email you.  So check your email tomorrow and I will confirm the time or call me tomorrow evening if that is more convenient.  I look forward to playing given the mastery of the game I exhibited over the final 9 holes last week. 
 I got the Board book and note.  Thanks, it made my day.  I will be glad to take you to the Board meeting, and to the park & ride or home which ever you prefer.  Call me tonight.  Daddy 
 Dana wins. 
 Q2 needs to be on plan.  Work hard! 
 Count me in.  See you tomorrow. 
  It sounds like the due diligence with UBS is going fairly well with no real surprise.  The news is good on Indian Mesa I and II both on the deal with AEP and the financing.  The real target is completion of the project on time.  I am concerned about slippage again on Q2 due to the Greek project slippage and German installations being behind schedule.  I am looking forward to seeing the Q2 numbers very soon.  What is the issue on the L&S gearbox and what is the potential impact on 01 earnings given your statement that if we do not pass the test, it will present significant problems for 01 US sales.  Let's talk by phone this week if possible. 
 Thank you.  I feel I have neglected Wessex and you with all that is going on.  The truth is that John, Michael and you are very capable of proceeding with little input from me.  I did make sure with Corporate Development that Michael had to be involved along with you and your team.  Communication here is not the greatest so please keep me updated.  Thanks. 
 It seems we could be more responsive than this.  Gary, can you help. 
 Thanks Mike.  Should have known you were in control of the situation.  By the way, how are you doing with all of this? 
 Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.  It's ok with me. 
 I am doing ok.  Needless to say I am disappointed but I am trying to provide some leadership.  Thanks for asking. 
 Please call to set up a meeting.  We should include Michael Anerson in the call.  There are updates that I need to provide you with. 
 Debbie:  Let me know if you get this.    Cindy 
 What is wrong.  My Blackberry did not pick up the email you were responding to -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks. Please make sure Bob Kelley is on the list. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Happy Holidays to you and your Staff.  Selling Wessex is the rifht move for everyone.  I am glad that things arew going well.  @et me know if I can be of help. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Thanks Mike.  We all will need to do our best to get this turned around in 2002. 
 Set up a meeting with Cindy 
 Can you get a card to send to Morris? 
 I doubt anybody wants that to happen.  This issue is are we now at the point that Enron Wind cannot generate enough cash to meet its own requirements. 
 Thanks for forwarding Peter's resume.  By copy of this memo I am forwarding Peter's resume to Danny McCarty and Phil Lowry.  Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter.  He seems to be a very qualified candidate. 
 I don't like the answer tho the last question.  Can we add that under the agreements we could cancel as early as (date) but no decision has been made with regards when actual termination would occur? 
 How much does putting out the newsletter cost?  How often are you proposing to put it out?  Does it replace any other newsletters?  Is there any new information in the newsletter or just restatements of what Ken, Mark and Greg have already said?  Need to make sure we have included Brian Stanley's group in what constitutes EGS.  Especially NEPCO. 
 Lets try it and then try to gauge whether it is accomplishing anything.  I believe our employees are on information overload and putting out another newsletter adds to the overload.  I have always believed that if we have an effective Corporate newsletter we don't need these subsidiary newsletters.  Meaningful information can be included in the corporate newsletter.  At ETS we used to have periodic FYI newsletters that were directed at key topics we needed to cover.  You and I also need to do a budget review.  The cost I am hearing from your group are to big for EGS to support.  I had truly hoped that Gina's group combined with you and perhaps one other person could cover EGS.  Gina's group was covering ETs and EOTT.  I think Adam has a PR person so we need to find out what PR costs are in the Wind company.  Also NBP's has there own PR person.  Please set up a meeting with Cindy and Tracy.  Thanks 
 I have it on my calendar and Debbie would like to come also.  The plane can only fit so many so be careful you don't over invite if they are counting on the plane for transportation.  Thanks. 
 I hope you are exercising reguarly given your chips, salsa, dip and beans. 
 I am having lunch today with El Paso's CEO for their international group (Byron Kelley).  The meeting was set up to discuss El Paso's public positions in Brazil and the problems Orlando was having with them.  I will add your concerns to the list of items to discuss and get back with you.  Stan 
 Do yyou mind ig I give the attachment to Byron Kelley? 
 I met with Byron Kelley who runs El Paso's international business.  He is an old business aquaintance that I had not visited with in several years.  Byron assured me that he would stop the type of press like the article you sent.  He reiterated although that El Paso has had good success in dealing with the government in a very private way and did not want to publicise any differences that they may have with the government from time to time.  He was willing to stop the press articles that defined differences between El Paso and Enron in their approach to Brazil but had no desire to join Enron in publically trying to effectuate change in Brazil.  The meeting was very friendly.  Let me know if I can be of further help.  Hope all is well with you and you and your family. 
 Yes 
 With everything that is going on it would be prudent to hold off pursing any acquisitions at this time.  Thanks. 
 I'm glad you had a good weekend.  I am taking DK out to dinner tonght so I won't be home.  Dad 
 CONGRATULATIONS>  Job well done. 
 Congratulations. 
 I hope somebody else draws my name then. 
 Please call me tonight and five me an update.  Good luck on the mythology test. 
 Ask Julie to play with us.  I could play Sunday if that would be better. 
 The Wall Street has some good articles.  Read it every day this week.  Glad Rose and you are doing good.  Busy day for me.  Lots to do.  Call tonight.  Love, Dad 
 We definately need to talk ASAP.  Please call Cindy or call me at home 281.320.1240.  With regard to 1) and 2) the answer for now is no for now.  Between Rod and Tod we will keep you covered.  You will have to work double load for a while longer with regard to Americas-GM.  The O&M makes sence.  Go ahead.  I will explain all this when I talk with you. 
 It looks good to me. 
 Jack Urquhart has inquired as to his continuing role for providing oversight of the Trojan decommissioning.  I think he sits on the review committee.  Please give your thoughts on this.  I think we need someone from Enron on the committee but given Jack's changing role he may or may not be the right person.  Please acknowledge receipt of this given our email difficulties.  Thanks  Stan 
 Looks good 
 What is the subject matter you wish to visit about? 
 I think we should add to the letter "each year the Chairman of the Natural Gas Council has to privilege to name two individuals to the Council.  The experience you have gained as both a state and federal regulator coupled with experience working in the private sector makes you an excellent addition to this years Council."  A similarly worded phrase could be added to Rick's.Thanks 
 Calm down.  The operative word is it has been put on hold.  These are not normal times.  No one saw this coming or we could have planned better.  Give us a few days to figure everything out.  We just made the decision today to preserve cash while we were waiting to see what was going to happen.  Thanks for your cooperation which I desperately need right now. 
 Too bad about the Saporito's