till on target to file the FERC app in September.  Are you planning to attend the Aquila Storage meeting this morning? 
 pls forward eticket for Kevin Hyatt to ECN 1334. thx 
 yeah I saw this.  Wonder where they plan on getting the fuel supply????????= ??????? 
 http://www.franchiusa.com/alcione_sx/ 
   Attached are my notes from the open season meeting today.  Feel free to amend with your own notes (those of you who attended of course).  Call me with any questions.  kh 
 great, I will touch base Tues. 
 You guys have probably already noodled on this, but if you haven't, maybe it's worth organizing a meeting next week to discuss the above storage project and benefits / risks to TW.  For instance:  Risks: Red Lake connection to Kern cuts into TW forward haul market   Rewards: expands TW's Park n' Ride capabilities (we offer more capability and back it with a storage position) better PnR rates over the short term than what the storage can offer more backhaul business on TW mainline (i.e. Citizens Utilities) Compression ops agrmt w/ Aquila   Let me know if you'd like to get together for a brainstorm session.  Bids are due to Aquila by 3/15 and there are some financial caveats to discuss. 
 you inner loop people lead such the lifestyle.  I'll take a rain check and plan on taking you to lunch later this week.  Let me know what day is good-- and we're taking your new truck!!!! 
   Jeff-- per our conversation this morning, attached is the original project open season announcement from August 2001.  A couple of current changes are:  Volume to Phoenix market - 750,000 MMBtu/d Volume to Cal Border     -  30,000 San Juan receipts		 - 780,000  Projected rate to Phoenix - $0.45/MMBtu  We are also offering 16 hour peaking capability (max daily quantity available in 16 hours, not 24) and pressure guarantees to those FT customers directly connected to the system (which doesn't help Bowie but may help you somewhere else).  Please don't hesitate to call me with any questions.  Best Regards, Kevin Hyatt Director, Asset Development 713-853-5559 
 Hi Jim-  I hope your conversation with Paul Cherry went well last week.  Paul indicated to me that you might be sending a Conf Agrmt for us to execute so you could then pass along to us some of the debt covenant waterfall language.  I'll be happy to push that agreement thru the channels here once you send it.  If you feel it might be faster for us to send you our standard form agreement, let me know.  Also, along those same confidential lines, if you can provide to me some various operating scenarios for the plant (high, low, and base case operating assumptions) I can begin designing an SFV rate for you to look at.  Let me know please.  thanks Kevin Hyatt 
 got your resume and I have forwarded it on to a contact at Duke.  Are you going to the job fair today at Enron Field? 
 When: Tuesday, March 05, 2002 9:00 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Hyatt's ofc ECN 1334  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 my dentist has scheduled a root canal for me this Thursday at 2:30 pm.  Let me know if I should need to re-schedule.  thx 
 will do,  thanks 
 Max, here's a copy of the email I sent to Jeff. 
 Eric, here's an abbreviated rate model James put together for us. 
 Cancel me for the pm session on 3/7 as I now have another conflict. thanks Kevin Hyatt 
     Subject: Why did the chicken cross the road?   A new updated version.....  -----  KINDERGARTEN TEACHER: To get to the other side.  PLATO: For the greater good.  ARISTOTLE: It is the nature of chickens to cross roads.  KARL MARX: It was a historical inevitability.  CAPTAIN JAMES T. KIRK: To boldly go where no chicken has gone before.  DR. TIMOTHY LEARY: Because that's the only trip the establishment would let it take.  SADDAM HUSSEIN: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion. We were justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it.  RONALD REAGAN: I forgot.  HIPPOCRATES: Because of an excess of phlegm in its pancreas.  ANDERSEN CONSULTING: Deregulation of the chicken's side of the road was a threatening dominant market position. The chicken was faced with significant challenges to create and develop the competencies required for the newly competitive market.  Andersen Consulting, in a partnering relationship with the client, helped the chicken by rethinking its physical distribution strategy and implementation processes. Using the Poultry Integration Model(PIM), Andersen helped the chicken use its skills, methodologies, knowledge, capital and experiences to align the chicken's people, processes and technology in support of its overall strategy within a Program Management framework.  Andersen Consulting convened a diverse cross-spectrum of road analysts and best chickens along with Anderson consultants with deep skills in the transportation industry to engage in a two-day itinerary of meetings in order to leverage their personal knowledge capital, both tacit and explicit, and to enable them to synergize with each other in order to achieve the implicit goals of delivering and successfully architecting and implementing an enterprise-wide value framework across the continuum of poultry cross-median processes. The meeting was held in a park-like setting, enabling and creating an impactful environment which was strategically based, industry-