* ************************************************************** The attached confirm has been signed and is being sent to me by federal express.  It did not arrive on Friday so it should be here next week.  I am sending you this in case you get a deal ticket for the deal being documented by this confirm.  They have  also signed a master to cover this transaction. 
 Kim, Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly reflects your transaction.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 Kim, This appears a little too iffy.  Please get with SCGC to find out the notice period. If it is greater than 10 days then we will change our language to the greater notice period.  If less, we will leave our notice period at 10 days prior to the month.  Please call if you would care to discuss.    Kim Ward 01/08/2001 05:01 PM 
 Grant, The only change of any significance that Anne requested is the deletion of the words "and Enron confirms the nomination," that was previously in the first line of the third paragraph under Other of the Spot Confirmation. Please confirm if this deletion is okay.  If not, please let me know and I will put the words back.  The other changes were form type and did not change the document.  Please call me asap. 
 Monica, Kim Ward asked me to forward the attached general terms and conditions to you for your review.  These general terms and conditions are used in conjunction with a Confirmation Agreement which would be signed by both parties.  The Confirmation Letter sets forth the volumes, delivery point, price terms which are to be applicable for the gas to be sold pursuant to the general terms and conditions. 
 Russell, The below two documents are the credit worksheet and the contract relationship documents which you provided.  The credit worksheet states that the guaranty should cover ENA, EPMI, ECC and Clinton Energy Management Services, Inc. and additionally should cover the master energy agreement with EPMI.  Do we have a date of execution or effective date for such master energy agreement.  The contract relationship document merely states that the guaranty should cover the new master firm purchase sale agreement  that ENA is negotiating with Engage and an master energy agreement between EPMI and ____.  No agreements of any type are specified for ECC or Clinton Energy Management Services, Inc.  Also, are any of the Master Swap agreements that ENA has with Engage to be covered by the requested guaranty?  I believe that we need to get together at your convenience and determine exactly which contracts Enron Corp. is to cover with the guaranty agreement being offered as a part of the security for the Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement. Please let me know when you will be available to discuss.         Russell Diamond 10/13/2000 10:57 AM 
 The above letter has been modified to reflect that Buyer may terminate by providing notice to Seller at least five days prior to the date established by SoCalGas for terminating authorized marketer arrangements. 
 Christian, The below documents has been modified in the manner that you suggested. Please make sure that the Purchase Order Number is communicated to all parties in writing prior to the end of the month if it is to be used.  The red line should reflect  the changes that you have  been requesting.  By copy I am requesting Janet Wallis to review the suggested changes and to communicate directly with you if she approves such changes.  If she notifies you that the changes are okay, then you may print 2 originals of the clean document and have it signed by CPS and forward to Janet for signature by ENA.  Do not hesitate to call if you have any questions.   My phone number is (713) 853-6895. 
 Gary, Credit has a hold on this deal.  As you are aware, we need a credit worksheet before we can generate the proposed contract.  If you can get Russell Diamond to issue a credit worksheet to me, I will be glad to start work on the request.    Gary W Lamphier 01/09/2001 11:13 AM 
 Anne, I have incorporated the changes you requested in the above confirmations. We deleted the language "and Enron confirms the nomination" in the third paragraph of OTHER in the Spot Confirm and replaced it with "and Enron receives the notification of the nomination at least 30 minutes prior to the 1st GISB nomination cycle deadline,". If these are in order, please print 2 originals of each, have them signed, and forward them to Grand Oh at the Calgary office for his follow-up so that they can be executed by Enron. Please do not hesitate to call if you have any further questions. 
 Please generate master for my review.  Thank you. 
 FYI if you need any addresses. 
 Help, Time Warner is my cable service provider, however, when I attempted to open the ordering information, I am told that a discount for TimeWarner cable modern service is not available in my area.  What do I need to do?  So far as I know, I can subscribe to cable modem service with TimeWarner, however, I have been waiting until the ClickAtHome rollout before I committed to any service contract.  Can someone get back to me regarding when the discounted service might be available, if not, what is the possibility for a discounted DSL service from ATT.  Thank you.    The ClickAtHome Project Team@ENRON Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON 01/10/2001 03:19 PM 
 Help, Time Warner is my cable service provider, however, when I attempted to open the ordering information, I am told that a discount for TimeWarner cable modern service is not available in my area.  What do I need to do?  So far as I know, I can subscribe to cable modem service with TimeWarner, however, I have been waiting until the ClickAtHome rollout before I committed to any service contract.  Can someone get back to me regarding when the discounted service might be available, if not, what is the possibility for a discounted DSL service from ATT.  Thank you.    The ClickAtHome Project Team@ENRON Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON 01/10/2001 03:19 PM 
 Bridgette, To the best of my knowledge, we are not working on a contract with Washington Energy.  Has anyone asked the gas trader assigned to that account about any contract drafts that the gas trader may have received and not forwarded to legal.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 01/11/2001 09:39 AM 
 So you only email me when you want something.  No, I do not know what I am going to do.  They tell me Time Warner Cable Modem service is not available in my area, however, Time Warner tells me it is.  They tell me that I can sign up for DSL and expense it on my expense account until they allow it sometimes next month.  I guess I need to talk with them some more about which is better.  People tell me the cable modem service is actually faster than the response we currently have in the office.  Let me know what you decide to do, so that I can ponder the reasons for your choice.    Stacy E Dickson 01/11/2001 03:49 PM 
 Clement, Russell Diamond of the Enron Credit group would like Enron to issue to Engage (now known as Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P.) a blanket guarantee covering obligations of ENA, EPMI, ECC and Clinton Energy Management Services, Inc. without necessarily tying those obligations to specific contracts.  Do you have a form of guaranty that could be used for this.  I think that the guaranty would still have a limit ($25MM)?.  Please advise. 
 Cary, Please review the attached netting agreement.  It only applies to the two contracts referenced in Paragraph No. 1.  If acceptable, please print two originals, sign and return to me.  I will have it signed by ENA and return a fully executed original to you. 
 Christian, I spoke with Janet Wallis this morning and she said she was fine with the redlined changes.  Accordingly, please print 2 originals of the contract, have it signed and forward both signed contracts to Janet Wallis for ENA's signature. 
 Chris, Kim Ward asked me to forward this draft of the proposed Enfolio contract to you so that you could give it to her.  She said that she would send it to the city for its review.  The draft contains certain blanks which the city's counsel needs to provide.  Please call if you have any questions. 
 I believe Tuesday is the only day that I have open.  Let me know if that works for you.    Stacy E Dickson 01/12/2001 03:02 PM 
 Cary, The changes you propose are okay.  Please accept the changes, print 2 originals, have them signed and forward to me for signature by ENA.  Please call if you have any questions.    Cary Metz <CDMETZ@midcogen.com> 01/16/2001 08:25 AM 
 Enjoyed having lunch.  I got back and Time Warner was available for my zip code, so I signed up for Time Warner Road Runner internet service.  The price is $15.00 per month plus installation.  I will let you know when it is hooked up.  Are you sure that you want to come back to the rat race.  It has to be a lot of fun staying home and playing with the baby.  That will all change if you decide to come back to work.  See you. 
 Troy, Please review the attached to see if it conforms with your agreement. If it does, please forward it to National.  Call me if you have any further questions. 
 Russell, Regarding their first point, we should only guarantee amounts that are covered by our contracts.  Non contract amounts should not be subject the the guarantee, incoming or outgoing. Remember that we need to keep the guaranty amounts specific as to each enron entity.  This is because the part that pertains to Houston Pipe Line Company will need to be deleted from the guaranty and a separate guaranty from HPL's new parent will need to take its place. Somehow we need them to accept buyin on the fact that the new guarantee will not be effective until the old guaranty has been superceded, even if this takes the action of their spun off entity.  Clement, Do you agree?    Russell Diamond 01/16/2001 12:35 PM 
 Chris, I have reviewed the contract forwarded by Susan Spalding and have made my suggested changes which are based on the language required by the Credit Group.  Please review these changes which are noted in the red-line version that is attached.  If you agree with my suggested changes, let me know and I will forward to Susan Spalding for her consideration. 
 I believe that the attached is ready.  I have printed 2 copies and have initialled those which are in my office EB3878.  Please send someone up if you need to sign first.  Otherwise if they are signing first, forward the above document to them, have them print it, sign it and forward it to ENA for ENA's signature. 
 Kyle, All of the sales to Reliant Energy Entex and/or Entex Gas Marketing Company should be made by Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.  Please identify the two deals that you have under HPL so that we can get them documented under the proper ECT agreement. 
 This is in follow-up to the deal transfer matter we discussed this morning.  Julie Meyers called me and stated that Tom Martin had called her to put the deal transfer from HPL to ENA on hold till Monday; however, she had already moved them in the system.  I asked her to find out if the deals had been confirmed under HPL and if so, I would need to prepare a document to transfer them from HPL to ENA.  She agreed to send me a list of the deals that had been moved and whether or not they had been documented with the counterparty.  Apparently, they had been and Jennifer Blay has now redocumented two of the deals as ENA deals. 
 Ellen, I am forwarding this to you for your information.  Gary Lamphier is sending to the counterparty and I will forward a signed copy once Gary gets it back. 
 Please review and give me your comments.  I have talked with Brant Reves and he said he is not requiring any credit provisions to be in place up front of this deal.  Note that the GTC gives us the option to request credit support during the term of the deal. 
 Dave, Please call me if you have any questions.  Remember that the Transaction Agreement is only to be done if and when they sign the Master Agreement. 
 Janet, I have reviewed the attached contract and it gives me a lot of concern. First brush, it is one sided in their favor and offers us no breakage protection.  Specifically, Section 4.4 --- HPL should be the confirming party. Section 4.5 --- HPl also needs to have the right to call for security. Clause should be balanced. Section 5.5a -- "its best efforts" should be changed to "commercially reasonable efforts". Sections 5.8 & 5.9 --  Need clauses addressing "undertakes by Buyer" and "overtakes by Buyer". Section 6.3b --  20 days should be changed to 15 days in each location in this section. Section 6.4 ---  Needs a lot of explanation.  Why is it here?  Why would we agree to such? Article 10 - Force Majeure -  Need to add Enron language as to items which are not force majeure. Article 11 - Default -  Need to add additional Triggering Events, Early Termination, and Termination Damage provisions. Also, need to add provisions for limitation of liability and waiver of consequential damages.  Let me know how you would like to proceed.  I do not think that they will agree to make any of the changes we would need to do the deal.  Would they be willing to contract using the GISB form of agreement?    Janet H Wallis 01/04/2001 11:20 AM 
 Susan, I have reviewed the contract form that you provided in November and have attempted to make the changes which would be required for Enron to utilize the form.  I believe that the red line document attached  should address a majority of the issues which  need to be changed.  Please review and give me you comments as to the suggested changes. 
 Ellen, Attached please find a copy of the Transaction Agreement dated September 13, 2000 (2000-64crfm) and the Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement dated effective September 1, 1999 which was si