  Can you please provide me with the clean copies of the licenses Angela is referring to?  If I need to come pick them up to copy them, give me a call and I will do so.  Thanks! 
 Justy, thanks for your quick response.  I heard back from Edmund too, and he gave me the name of a V&E lawyer he has used in London for Russian law and Anne Koehler and I gave him a quick call.  Doug Glass.   So we switched it to NY law and ICC arbitration rules and are giving it a go.  Thanks for your help!  I can't believe our business guy call 2 hours before a lunch meeting with a Russian company and think it's business as usual! 
 I just spoke to Stephanie Sever with the EOL team, and she said this counterparty has been approved and should migrate tonight and they will send them a password out tomorrow. 
 I just agreed to the changes on the phone with Bob Klein and am going to finalize the agreement and fax it to him tomorrow and then follow-up with originals. 
  Are you having our copy walked up to me? 
 I know the online team is looking for people with paralegal experience.  Your contact would be Lisa Lees.  Lunch some other time?  Thursday or Friday?  I already have plans today and tomorrow... 
 I'll put you down too! 
  Done.  I was waiting for the EOL team to get in a new Password Application and no one told me they got it in.  I just went in and approved them. 
 Per our conversation last week, please ensure that Mark Taylor and I are your initial point of contact with respect to compliance with and/or violations by Enron North America Corp. with respect to NYMEX position limits.  Please fax Mark Taylor a copy of any correspondence with respect to our position limits.  Your assistance with this will help us monitor and maintain Enron's compliance with NYMEX rules. In addition, if you are able to give us a call when you see an issue ahead, we may well be able to resolve it before it becomes a problem.  As you requested, below is the contact information for Mark and myself:  Mark E. Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Telephone:  (713) 853-7459 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 email:  mark.taylor@enron.com  Tana L. Jones Sr. Legal Specialist Telephone:  (713) 853-3399 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 email:  tana.jones@enron.com 
 At the request of Anne Koehler, I am attaching our word version of the ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if I can be of further service. 
 Is there a Canadian power GTC? 
 What is the nature of the business you are discussing?  Also, do you want me to send this by email?  If so, I will need thir email address. 
 Please remember that once a master has been executed the status SHOULD NEVER be changed from its "executed" status.  To accomodate the master upgrades and master netting agreements I have added additional selections to the status bar, so you now have the following selections to choose within the "executed" status bar:  1.  "executed" 2.  "executed-under amendment" - to be used when we are amending a master 3.  "executed-inactive" - to be used when a master is executed but we are no longer trading under it 4.  "executed-master upgrade" - to be used when we are doing an ISDA replacement master or replacing one master with another master 5.  "executed-master netting agreement" - to be used when we have a master in place and we are upgrading it to add a master netting agreement  Thanks for your attention herewith. 
  Any conflicts? 
 Brandon,  I need the full legal name & address of this company.  Thanks... 
  Any conflicts? 
 Another NDA.  The correct legal name of this entity is Foundry Networks, Inc. 
 At the request of Tim Evens, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Jennifer Smith, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Let me know if I can be of further help. 
 He's already signed for our side.  We're done. 
 There is a meeting of the Name/Change Merger Group Meeting on Monday at 1:00 pm in 49c4 to talk about timing of suspensions.  I don't know what, if any, relevance this will have for us, but since you do the name changes/mergers, I thought you might need to attend.  I wanted to forward you the email, but once I clicked yes, I will attend, it went away. 
 At the request of Brandon Wax, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Taylor, Vice President and General Counsel, at (713) 853-7459 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Xavier, what group are you in? 
 NDA for COMYSY Information Technology Services, Inc. 
 Attached is a list of the Termination Letters I have been able to locate so far.  Tanya suggested that Bear Stearns termination is just a close-out of a NYMEX margin position and I have a call into Greg Whiting to see if that is the case.  I spoke to Craig Breslau about the Pemex termination and he knows nothing about that.  He said if it happened it would have gone thru his desk.  What are your thoughts on that?  There appear to be two International Paper Deals.  Craig Breslau got me a signed copy of the one terminating the deal for $12,163,283.  There was another International Paper deal the Confirmation Desk prepared a termination for in the amount of $1,311,164.  Craig, any knowledge of this other one?  No copy either of the executed terminations of the Proctor & Gamble deals the Confirmation Desk prepared for (i) deal no. Y 49018.1 for $81,083, and (ii) deal no. 49011.1 for $442,000.  That just leaves the Socal-JP Morgan on Debbie's list with no copy. 
 This counterparty was on the 8/15/01 list and wanted to trade east power.  You wre checking on their ability to trade power.  Any update? 
 Both I and Stephanie Panus plan on attending. 
 At the request of Nick Tubach, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
  I got a call today from Sterling Cook at Trans Alta in Calgary telling me that they merged with MEGA.  I'm passing this on to you for handling.  Sterling's ph: is 403/267-6991.  I also asked him to give us the phone number of their credit person so our credit person could talk to their credit person.  He mentioned sending us an amendment changing guaranties and thresholds, and I told him we would have to get that approved by Credit. 
  Here is the guaranty from Trans Alta. 
 713/661-5865 
 Thanks for the email.  I just got out of an all morning meeting.  I had already drafted the agreement for APB Europe.  I'll redraft it as directed. 
  It sounds like we may not need to follow up with this counterparty.  Any dealmaker interested in business with them?  If not, I think we should just inactivate them. 
 We have three areas currently reserved for our bidders, what we will call Teams A, B & C.  The room situation is as follows:  Team A:  Main Conference Room 2991 = working phone Satellite Breakout Rooms, 2992 & 2993  There are no coffee thermos's, cups, supplies or office supplies  Team B:  Main Conference Room 32c2 Satellite Breakout Rooms 3260 and Conference Room (unmarked) to the left thereof  Currently no working phones in this area.  There are no coffee thermos's, cups, supllies or office supplies  Team C:  Main Conference Room 3371 = has working phone. Satellite Breakout Room 3376 = no working phone.  Has coffee thermos's & some coffee cups & supplies, needs office supplies.   I just met at noon with Lance Jameson who handles, phones, faxes & furniture (x54423) and he is working on getting us phones, a fax machine, a non-network printer, and at least one laptop computer portal in each Team area.  After looking at the areas,  Lance thought the easiest Team area to have completed FIRST would be the 29th floor area (it seems to have the right computer/phone jacks) WHICH HE WILL TRY TO GET COMPLETED BY THE END OF TODAY.  SECOND, we will target the 32nd floor.  We have a fourth area available after this for Team D:  a suite of smaller offices/conference rooms also located on 29, in 2945, 2946, 2947, and around the corner in 2940.  2946, a smaller office has a workable phone there, Lance. We would need other phones installed there as well other the other equipment. 
  OK for me. 
  I spoke to Mark Taylor and we would like Dave removed from this corporation as well.  We can date this revocation effective as of 10/1/01 as well.  We really appreciate your help with these resolutions.  I am circulating the EPMI resolution and will forward it to you as soon as it is fully executed. 
  Jay,  I had a conversation with Belco prior to the receipt of the documents Stephanie forwarded on down to you.  I think before we make any response in the nature of what you are discussing below I think we might want to have a meeting or get Fred involved because that is not what Belco has in mind at all.  Although I understand from Enron Credit's point of view Belco is not longer in the drivers seat with respect to the Belco/Westport relationship, I think we still need to tread gingerly with how we deal with Belco or Ken Lay might be getting a phone call from Mr. Belfer (and I don't want my name to be brought up in that conversation!).  When you get back in the office let's pow-wow about how to approach this. 
  We are waiting for Mark Greenberg to finalize the negotiations on the amendment to the online ETA for DB.  We would like to shut down BT from all financial trading.  However, what we found was that DB will not execute the online ETA without some revisions.  Mark is negotiating an amendment to the ETA with DB.  Meanwhile, BT had already been trading online.  Since that cat was already out of the bag so to speak, DB didn't want to shut them down from trading without having another avenue to trade, so we are continuing to trade as BT.  We do not want to do this FOREVER, HOWEVER, so we do need to get BT SHUT DOWN.  HOW GOES IT MARK???? 
  tom,  All of this relates to a broker Bob Shults wants to open up to trade on EOL.  When you have a minute can you give me or Mark a call so we can sort out who we want to trade with.  Thanks. 
  Another NDA.  This one is for the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
  Attached please find the NDA for transmittal to Bo Collins. 
 We have received an executed side letter agreement dated 08/10/01 with El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. ("El Paso) which states that "notwithstanding the provisions of the Electronic Trading Agreement or the product descriptions on the EOL website, all financial derivative transactions entered into by El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. on the Web Site which are listed by either ENA or ECC will be deemed to be entered into between El Paso and ENA and will be governed the the ISDA Master Agreement between El Paso and ENA dated 12/1/99".  Copies will be distributed. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897or Bob Shults at (713) 853-0397.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 We will also be getting these Mid-Market EIM Group Customer Lists on a going forward basis.  I spoke to Credit and for right now we will only be approving these counterparties to trade physical steel.  As with the regular online trading lists, IF I DO NOT HEAR FROM YOU WITHIN ONE DAY, I will take it that you do not have any legal issues with the counterparties below trading. 
  Know anything about these deals? 
 Any conflicts? 
 At the request of Ross Mesquita, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 OK for you? 
 How can we find out who has a clue? 
  Nothing to report 
  Weren't we also going to get a printer in the area? 
 Not unless it's critical.  All the attorneys are out at an offsite today.  Can this wait til Monday or is this critical? 
 I will get them done today. 
 I will get them done today. 
  Can you change on my calendar.  Thanks! 
 This counterparty has transact ability on European and Asian Metals.  They have hardly transacted at all, only power, much less any metals.  We figure they are using the website for price discovery.  If I do not hear back from you within 24 hours whether London Legal has done any due diligence on this counterparty's authority to transact metals, it is my intention to shut them down for all metals products. 
  Per Stephanie's request, attached is an updated list. 
  I have reviewed the binder of confirms and have prepared a list of the missing or unexecuted confirms.  Kim. if you could please review this short list and provide me copies of the missing confirms and/or if we have received copies of any of the unexecuted confirms since you provided these confirms to me I would be most appreciative. 
 Lance,  Can you have your install people mark with a yellow sticky or something where the analog lines for the PCs are located.  Much thanks! 
  This counterparty has been updated. 
 Pretty funny!  If we could only do it for real! 
 I got a call from my buddy Mike Mulligan with Paribas in NY last night asking me to see if I can't check with you on the status of the guaranty he is trying to get in place with Enron Metals Limited.  He says he has been trying to get this in place with London for some time.  Is there some particular problem holding up this guaranty?  Is there anthing I can do to faciliate getting this guaranty to Paribas?  Please let me know... 
 I just had a voice mail from "Christine" at National Bank of Canada wanting to make a margin call and not knowing who here to call.  Can someone please call her.  Her number is 514/394-7567.  Thanks. 
  OK for me. 
 You are the best! 
  Any conflicts? 
  Erica,  Is 2Advance Studios their correct legal legal name?  Is there an Inc. or Corp. or anything there tacked on the end? 
  If we have not located any dealmaker interested in this counterparty can we close out this counterparty and get it out of the work cue? 
 Per our discussion, attached is the referenced NDA for transmittal to counterparty. 
 We also have lots of agreements between internal counterparties.  I also owe you more comments...I haven't forgotten... 
  Does anyone in Credit know the answer to this question, as I don't? 
  I also got an email back from Bill Bradford, head of Credit that siad this doesn't make sense.  Maybe you need to prepare a print out of the trades and send to debbie, me & bill. 
 There has been a little confusion about how this Counterparty wishes to be set up on EnronOnline, and after talking to the Counterparty, Darren Vanek in Credit, and Mary Cook we have come to the following agreement:  The counterparty will be (and I think already may be?) set up in the GCP System as Vector Pipeline, LP  I told the Counterparty that special Confirmation Templates would be prepared for this Counterparty and the signature line should be prepared as follows:  Vector Pipeline, LP, by its Managing General Partner, Vector Pipeline, LLC  By:  _____________________ Name:  __________________ Title:  ____________________  This form of signature block should be used for all EnronOnline and any offline trades for counterparty as well.  The Password Application has been executed by the Counterparty correctly so there is no need to have him re-apply. 
 Travis,  I looked in Mark Greenberg's office, and I did not find the agreements you were looking for, but I did find Mark's True Quote file there and in it are two executed amendments to the Price Posting Agreement.  We only have a draft of the original Price Posting Agreement in his file, no signed copy. 
 Patrick,  Can we track down who/how these trades are getting entered into the system?  Is there someone entering the trades into the system?  Is this just an old counterparty/book set up in GCP that needs to get renamed.  Legal (me) has no idea why trades are being done out of EGM.  Can we find out who is doing them? 
 This cpy was on the 10/5/01 list with a note "replacing profile for BP Exploration & Oil Inc."  We've got a few issues here.  First, we just can replace profiles.  If it is a simple a a name change or some mergers, maybe.  Is this?  If it's not, we may have to assign the trades over.  I know I've got a financial master with BP Exploration & Oil Inc.  I just can't move the profile.  What's the scoop here?  I have no records of a name change/merger here, do you? 
 On 10/17/01 List, is this an ECP? 
  This was a good one, not a joke one. 
  That was good Kyle.  I have a few of the better bin Laden joke ones I'll forward on to you... 
  Here's one of the two humorous things.  I've been getting a lot of this bin= Laden humor stuff, but these two are my favorites so far. 
 Please send originals to me for handling.  I will give a copy to you. 
 Lance,  I just spoke to Mary Cook and she would like all four areas done by the end of today.  Is that doable? 
  Here's the other... 
 In order to expedite getting Non-Disclosure Agreements (Confidentiality Agreements) in place, it would expedite matters if the Enron Credit Inc. followed the following procedures:  1.  Send all requests for NDAs by email directly to me, Tana Jones 2.  The email should contain the correct legal name of the company and its address 3.  I will need a brief description of the nature of the business/project you are discussing with the customer 4.  Generally we will send out a bilateral NDA, but there are instances where only Enron is providing confidential information, and we prefer to use that form whenever possible as it is much more favorable to Enron.  Please indicate when you think you have such a situation. 5.  We have found it most helpful to send the NDAs to the counterparties by email directly from Legal.  I have a email letter that states:  "At the request of "dealmaker name" I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement. If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-3397 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you."  If you prefer, we can email the NDA to you to go out under you cover letter, or send it by fax or UPS.  Just let me know and I will do so.  Otherwise, I will email it as it speeds things up. 6.  Please indicate any special timing concerns (i.e., it needs to go out today, by lunch, we have a meeting Wednesday, whatever).  Generally they go out within 1-2 days of receipt of your email.  Upon receipt of this information I will do the conflicts check, prepare the NDA, and log the NDA into the list I keep of the Enron Credit Inc. NDAs.  I hope this will make for a smooth process!  Thanks for your assistance. 
  This one isn't funny, but it's good... 
 John, that was great! 
 Re: Experian we need:  1.  Full Legal Name and Address 2.  Mark wants a more exact description of the nature of your discussions 3.  An email address so we can send it directly to counterparty 
  Any conflicts? 
  This counterparty was approved by Legal on Friday. 
  The actual name of the counterparty on this one is Virtual Markets Assurance Corporation. 
 Mary Cook wants me to put together a list of people's home ph, cell no's/pagers, in case we need to call in help during the holidays.  Can you provide me with your info in case we get surprised and have to set up additonal data rooms.  Much thanks! 
 At the request of Kim Detiveaux, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
  OK for me. 
 De nada... 
  Just an FYI, my notes in my database reflect that Tri-State Generation is a Colorado Cooperative... 
  OK for me. 
 She needs to get a copy from London, I would suggest contacting Matt Dawson.  We do not have copies of London's masters. 
 They are settled, but not executed.  We have sent the ETA amendment out to the DB lawyer for signature, but we have not gotten it back signed.  I'll give here a call. 
  Do any of you have any problems with keeping these trades as they are now that we've figured out what they are.  If not we'll just keep them as they were... 
 Thanks Lance! 
 I would try Tom Moran x33017. 
  Attached is additional  correspondence from TransAlta re: the merger and guaranty info I sent you on 10/5/01.  Can you please contact TransAlta and let them know you will be handling this.  Thanks. 
  FYI, this came in and has been passed on to Stephanie Panus for handling. 
 It was a pleasure having you as a houseguest!  Anytime...  The current issue of Texas Monthly is only the beginning...right after we announced our current earnings last week, The Wall Street Journal originated a story about a partnership our CFO invested in that made questionable statements about conflicts of interests with the shareholders, non-disclosure of profits, etc., and have kept up with this story since last week, we have had shareholder lawsuits, SEC inquiries, our stock has taken a dive down to $15 today, down from $33 when the story first ran, and $87 since the beginning of the year.  Right now it is beat up Enron time with no end in sight.  Anyway, you may to check the WSJ website and catch up...  Also,  I have a new boyfriend, my old biking buddy I mentioned we've been dating now for a few months, that seems to be going well.  So that's all my news...  XXOO 
  FYI 
 Do you have copies of any of the following NDAs?  At the Moment True Exchange BizBots 
  You've want Puget Sound for approval to trade east physical power on above list, but Leslie Hansen will not approve per note below. 
  Mark,  Mark Greenberg asked me to check with you to see if Enron Corp. ever got Confidentiality Agreements in place with either True Exchange or BizBots?  Can you please let me know.  Thanks! 
 I can't tell the fax numbers on some of the faxes and where the analog lines are.  Can you meet with me? 
  Can you let me know whether Enron Corp. has any Confidentiality Agreements with the counterparties below.  Thanks! 
 We have received Articles of Merger from the referenced counterparty evidencing the merger of BP Exploration & Oil Inc. with and into Amoco Oil Company, with the surviving entity being Amoco Oil Company, which shall continue under the name of BP Products North America Inc., such merger being effective 10/11/01.  Copies are being sent to the usual Houston distribution.  I am sending a copy of this email to London Credit and Legal because I understand ECTRIC has done some financial trades with BP Exploration & Oil Inc.  Houston Legal is awaiting Houston Credit's approval of the merger and its impact on our ISDA Master and underlying credit. 
  We appreciate all Credit does for us! 
 Nope, thanks! 
 Attached is the proposed form of NDA for your approval. 
 =20 
  Kay,  We will be getting this NDA in place for Williams, we are not exactly sure yet which of the Williams companies it will be for. 
  It appears that the fax you moved in on the 33rd floor was actively being used by Scott Tholan and his assistant on that floor (x58889).  Can your people please move it back ASAP and find us another one.  Thanks. 
      P.S.  The Mahonia ISDA Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex is attached to the Confirm. 
 At the request of Marc Eichmann, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 We have now received a new Password Application  and ETA amendment for the referenced counterparty.  As of the close of business today, we have shut down Bankers Trust Company for EOL trading.  All EOL trading should now be done through the referenced entity.  Enron has executed a Novation Agreement which is currently at Deutsche Bank for execution.  Per DB, we should receive the executed copy back from them on Monday.  Upon receipt of this Novation Agreement, all of the current Bankers Trust financial trades will be moved under the existing ISDA Master Agreement between Deutsche Bank AG and Enron North America Inc. dated  12/29/00.  Global Counterparty:  Please ensure that the ISDA Master referenced above is attached to this counterparty in EOL.  Confirmation Desk:  Please ensure that all EOL financial confirmations show this counterparty as "Deutsche Bank AG, acting through its New York Branch"  MUCH THANKS!!! 
 Thanks for your help! 
 Thanks for your help Kate! 
 I just got handed another list...  Can I get the datasheets for the following companies:  Enron Global Markets LLC Enron Liquids Fuels, Inc. Enron Fuels Caribbean L.P. Enron Petrochemicals Company Enron Gas Liquids, Inc. Enron Clean Fuels Company Enron Reserve Acquisition Corp. Enron Capital & Trade Resources Singapore Pte Ltd Enron Capital & Trade Global Resources Corp. Enron Capital & Trade International Corp. Enron Capital & Trade International Corp. - Singapore Branch  Thanks! 
 Taria,  Thanks for your help, I really appreciate it! 
  I was out for a Dr's appt Oct. 23rd for 2 hours and Oct 19 4 hours. 
 This will get you access to Livelink 
 Any update on these faxes?  I have to get my list to Louise Kitchen today. 
  Here's set of any master agreements I need ASAP.  I didn't mention it on the earlier ones, but for all of these, if any of the agreements have been amended, I will need any amendments, as well as any guarantees.  Much thanks! 
 No, only executed amendments. 
   Sharon,  BP prepared a list of all the agreements they thought we had in place.  You might want to do a quick check and make sure that you are not missing any Canadian contracts they might have listed on this list.  THANKS FOR YOUR QUICK RESPONSE! 
  Please handle.   Much thanks. 
 Yes, everything. 
  Sharon, did one of the Canadian lawyers look at the list for the things you could not identify? 
 Barbara Gray has asked me to seek your advice concerning our Enron Net Work client's request that we send a Confidentiality Agreement to an Enron Net Works customer located in Australia.  Among the issues we are concerned with are whether Confidentiality Agreements are enforceable in Australian courts, should we include our standard arbitration provision and would such provision be enforceable or would we be better off getting the customer to submit to the jurisdiction of the NY courts, and lastly are there any other provisions we should be putting in the agreement.  When you have a minute we would be most appreciative of your input.  I have attached the form of Confidentiality Agreement we propose to submit to our customer. 
 Lance,  Did we replace the fax machine we erroneously took on the 33rd floor? 
 Already done.  See you tonight! 
 I saw you across the dining room at Luther's but you left before I got a chance to wish you a Happy New Year's.  I'm sorry you're bring me such cold weather for this week.  I'll have to take your class and you can explain to me how you went from lawyer to weathercaster.  Happy New Years again, and let's hope this year is better than the last! 
 Thank you for your kind words about our country and our people.  The horrific nature of this brutal crime still smolders in the ashes of the World Trade Center and yet the sight of Palestinians dancing in the streets or reading in Saturday's paper the stunning words from the Greeks of all people that we had somehow brought this upon ourselves.  Their country would be marching to the strains of "Heil Hitler" if we had not brought our military and economic might in to save Europe from its despots.  I am proud to be an American...! 
  Anne, Mark Greenberg will not be in the office for the next two days.  Will you have time to look at this?  Thanks! 
 John wanted legal advice today, so I passed this email on to Anne Koehler for handling. 
  Larry,  Can you send me the aricles and bylaws for another company, Enron Transportation Services.  Much thanks, for ALL your help! 
 You are the best! 
 It sounds ok to me. 
 Sheri,  This project is very important to me.  However, I am pulled on a very important project for the next several weeks and won't be able to look at this at all.  I expect I am really the only one who will be giving you sustantive input.  As well, I have other design modifications we will need to incorporate.  I just wanted to give you a head's up because you are going to get ahead of me here for awhile. 
 Can you take a look at all the Canadian Agreements listed on this list provided to us by BP and verify whether these agreements exist in Canada? 
 You (as usual) are the best! 
 Mary Cook wanted me to send you an email to make sure if you are sending the Master Netting Agreement out to counterparties that you delete the last page of the agreement, which contains the user notes. 
  Teresa,  By copy of this email, I am asking Stephanie Panus, another Paralegal in our group, to handle this for you as I am on working on a special project this week.  Stephanie, per Teresa's voicemail, Cinergy is very interested in getting a financial master in place to trade with us ASAP.  Can you please give their attorney a call.  Teresa, you forgot Mr. Gollomp's phone number. 
 At the request of Jennifer Smith, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
  Thanks Sam, you're the best! 
 Bob Shults is Asking about that amendment to the Amerex Fee Agreement.  Can you help him... 
  I would like to attend.  God knows if Harry can/will come.  We'll see.  I did 12 (slow) miles last weekend... 
 Running 12 miles was no problem.  Harry & I had a little "tiff" (I hope only) this weekend, and as usual, he's out of town, so we haven't been able to talk.  So who knows? 
 I think yes. 
 Anne also requested this.  Kay young prepared and is emailing a copy to anne. 
 Per my conversations with Brandon, I am enclosing a clean and blacklined draft of the NDA revised to reflect changes in connection with your prior confidential discussions with the counterparty.  This form should be transmitted to the counterparty. 
 Steve asked me to send an email asking if you haven't already begun drafting your agreements yet, when you name you agreement, please indentify them by the counterparty and the products such as "Koch Energy-Gas" or "Aquila Marketing-Financing".  Thanks. 
  Yes they are to prepare all the UCC filings. 
  My pleasure.  Reading all that should keep you busy for awhile! 
  I don't know the answer to this.  Do you? 
 I am still using the list.  I have to circulate the list to the team from time to time. 
 Done. 
 Any idea who knows the answer to this question? 
  Can you please handle.  Thanks. 
 I wanted to let you know this was coming in as soon as Mark approves the changes.  Dealing with Japan is somewhat time challenging. 
 Name of Company:  ERMT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  Address:  1400 Smith Street, Houston, Texas  77002 
 Branches:  only relates to those branches of a multibranch party, which under ISDA can ONLY be a bank.  Restrictions:  Things put in the restrictions column should be those things so critical to trading, payment/settlement or contract formation that you should not enter into a trade unless you read it.  It is not a place to dump general legal negotiation stuff.  Examples would be:  "masters limited to natural gas or crude oil trading only", "no payment netting between energy commodity and interest rate and currency transactions", "no oral trades allowed", "only the treasurer can enter to trades for the company", "all agreements for this counterparty require two signatures".  You can do a sort on the PENDING SWAP UPDATE - EXECUTED, which will then show you all the restrictions, then scroll down and look at the type of restrictions entered into for the different companies to get a flavor for these types of restrictions.  But we don't want to junk it up with general legal negotiation stuff.  Just critical, DON'T TRADE UNLESS YOU LOOK AT THIS STUFF. 
  Has this ever come in?  Can someone please respond to Jennifer?  Thanks! 
  Can you please handle this for Chris.  Thanks. 
 Sam,  Thanks for taking care of this! 
 So far I'm on if I don't have to work.  Harry and I broke up on Monday. 
 Done. 
 I need to know what group Nekesha is in. 
 You do not have to grant Nakesha access.  She already has view only access as does any Enron employee.  If you show her how to set up an icon to get into the database, she should be able to get view access to the database.  All Enron employees have view access.  Only employees of Legal and Credit can have edit access access.  Does that help? 
 We are trying to get a Master Netting Agreement in place tomorrow with various AEP companies.  ECTRIC has several trading agreements in place with AEP entities.  We need someone in London to verify that we are referencing the ECTRIC agreements correctly in the Master Netting Agreement.  I am faxing the first two pages of the Master Netting Agreement to Edmund's attention at fax number 011-44 20-7783-8667.  Can one of you please take a look at this in the morning and verify that the information referenced in the agreement is correct since we do not have a copy of your agreements.  Much thanks! 
 Edmund Cooper is the only person that has keyword access to add legal people, credit people, companies, or change other drop downs in the database.  I have key word access on this side of the Atlantic and Edmund has it there.  If you need London Credit people added that aren't listed already you need to have Edmund go add them, or the company as a new key word. 
  I am not aware of any changes, are you? 
  Do I need to help you getting this out? 
  Who was this passed on to for handling? 
 I don't have any record or receiving any such assignment and I checked with the other paralegals and they don't have a record of receiving it.  Can you have Mirant resend it to Samantha Boyd, as she is the paralegal handling the paralegal assignment rotation right now.  Sorry about that! 
 I'll give him a call. 
  Nothing to report. 
 Nothing from Legal. 
 I faxed you the alcoa ISDA immediately after we spoke.  It should be in NY right now. 
 Mark and I were just discussing the project yesterday.  I am out for Thanksgiving vacation all next week, but when I get back the week after that we definitely want to get it back on track! 
 Sure thing! 
 Do you have a full legal name for Equiva Trading? 
  Any conflicts? 
 Attached please find the NDA you requested. 
 Attached please find a current list of the Networks, EnronOnline and CommodityLogic executed and draft Confidentiality Agreements for your review. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists for your review. 
 Sheri,  I won't be back until that Thursday after Thanksgiving.  You might want to re-schedule that meeting. 
 I spoke to Norma at your store yesterday, and she said to send you an email to reserve a table.  I am with the Enron Legal Dept. and we would like to reserve a table for happy hour on Friday at 6:00 pm for 10 people.  We would like to have both wine and h'ors d'oeuvres.  If you need additional information, or if there are any problems, please call me at 713/853-3399. 
  Any conflicts? 
 With today being Leslie's day off, do you have any problems with these counterparties extending their tenor to 51 months?  This is a rush so I need to get them approved tonight. 
  OK for Legal. 
  You are the woman! 
 At the request of Albane Perinne, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
  We have two additional NDA's in addition to the Live Capital one.  Any conflicts? 
 I'll approve this on today's approvals 
 Per my conversations earlier this week with Stephanie Sever and Wendi LeBrocq, I have sent down the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement and the three Password Applications necessary get the following three entities set up to start trading on EnronOnline.  Per my conversation with Stephanie and Wendi, the counterparty would like the counterparty to start trading on EOL by tomorrow.  The three entities are:  1.  Ameren Energy Fuels and Services Company, as authorized agent for and on behalf of Union Electric Company (d/b/a Ameren UE) 2.  Ameren Energy Fuels and Services Company, as authorized agenf for and on behalf of Ameren Generating Company 3.  Ameren Energy Fuels and Services Company, as authorized agenf for and on behalf of Central Illinois Public Services Co. (d/b/a AmerenCIPS)  What if anything do we need to to to ensure that they can start trading by tomorrow.  The counterparty is calling me daily checking on this?  Can you please let me know? 
 As you requested, I am enclosing a revised Mutual form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  As I stated in my earlier email, if you have any comments or questions, please call me at (713) 853-3399, or Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel at (713) 853-3448. 
 Janet,  Unfortunately, the confidentiality provisions contained in this agreement do not allow us to provide copies of the agreement to affiliates.  We will need the permission of Merita before I can provide a copy to you. 
 I need to know who you are talking to at Merita Bank. 
  No, I don't need one, but thanks for hunting that down! 
  No executed NDA received. 
 Who is Kevin Meredith?  I only review counterparty lists I receive from Credit. 
 It only shows a draft sent, no executed contract. 
 Per my note below, please fax the agreement to me at the fax number below, and I will have it executed by an officer at Enron and return it to you via fax.  If you would prefer to have originals executed, please send two executed originals to me, Tana Jones at 1400 Smith Street, 38th Floor, Houston, Texas 77002.  I look forward to receiving the document. 
 Your comments with respect to the Non-Disclosure Agreement have been forwarded on to me by Brandon Wax.  After reviewing them, we have agreed to most of your comments.  We have agreed to delete the arbitration provision but have retained the limitation of damages. Further, it is Enron corporate policy that the confidential information shall be limited to a term two years so we are unable to delete the final paragraph.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel at (713) 345-8897 or email us and let us know if these changes meet with your approval. 
  Sheila Tweed, the lawyer for this turbine product, has approved all of the counterparties on the attached list to trade this product, EXCEPT The City of Tacoma, Dept. of Public Utilities.  Let me know if you need anything further from me. 
  As you requested... 
  NDA for CheMatch, any conflicts? 
  I think the easies way to get me the approval is for your contact to go talk to the contact at Merita we negotiated the ISDA with and have them send me an email or fax telling me it is OK to release the ISDA to you.  The woman at Merita we negotiated with was Paivi Saarnilahti and her phone number is 358 9 1655 9258. 
 Just a note...  I have not gotten that ISDA Master out yet because there are some things in the credit worksheet that don't jive with the credit terms in the current master as well as credit terms generally consistent on this side of the Atlantic.  I have asked Jay Williams in our Credit Dept. here to get with the credit person there in London who worked up the credit worksheet to clear up the credit terms.  I have drafted the ISDA with everything except making the credit choices so it sits there waiting for credit.  Just wanted to keep you updated... 
 At the request of Brandon Wax, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Anne Koehler, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-3448 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
  OK for me. 
  Tom,  With respect to this NDA, do you want us to send it directly to Deloitte, or do you want to send it to them?  If you would like us to send it to them I am going to need an email address...  Let me know what you prefer... 
 No, the last note I have is proving the revised NDA for you to send to them.  No word since then. 
  You should now have access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database. 
 Today. 
 As you requested: 
 Ran it by Leslie, OK for us! 
 Russell,  I want you to be my friend forever, after all, you are my favorite, ex-Credit person! 
 Thanks for the kind word! 
 At the request of Anne Koehler, I am transmitting the final draft of the referenced Guaranty. 
  I am sorry, but I checked with the lawyer, and we are going to need that executed Agreement and we are going to need it as fast as you can track it down...sorry to keep being such a pest! 
  Any conflicts? 
 As you requested, attached is the form of NDA for transmittal to your customer: 
 Anytime! 
  No time off. 
 I'll take care of this... 
 Janet,  Would you like me to fax it to you?  If so, what is your fax no? 
 I just spoke to Stacey Richardson, and, with Georgi Landau gone, she said we should contact her, or Bridgette Anderson, with any Global Contracts questions for the time being. 
 Janet,  I also thought it would save you alot of time if you are going to draft a document if you had the word version, so I am attaching it. 
 I am going away to the beach today so I am going to leave a little early today, at 2:00 pm. 
 We deserve it! 
 I cannot approve the referenced counterparty as agent for those three utilities until it comes thru on an overnight spreadsheet for approval from Credit.  I need to give my whole legal team around the world the opportunity to say "yea" or "nay" for legal issues with these counterparties.  So, I am waiting on Credit... 
  ALL of the swap form are now back in the attorney forms bank! 
 I just got a call from a dealmaker who is going to lunch today with a group of business people in from Russia and wants to get a Confidentiality Agreement in place before the meeting.  We have never looked at Russian law before, have you?  If you have, can you direct me as to whether Confidentiality Agreements are enforceable in Russian courts, should we include our standard arbitration provision and would such provision be enforceable, would we be better off getting the customer to submit to the jurisdiction of the NY courts, and lastly are there any other provisions we should be putting in the agreement.  Is there anyone there that can give me some quick help?  Attached is our standard form of NDA...Thanks! 
  Any conflicts? 
 Anne Koehler & I had a quick call w/Doug Glass.  Thanks for his name.  We are going to include arbitration, though the ICC rules not our standard AAA (since we don't have the "Paris" language).  And NY law.  Otherwise, I'm just waiting on your FCPA language.  I also heard back from Justy.  Thanks for your help.  I really appreciate it! 
 Received email! 
 I'll be leaving for New Orleans in about 30 minutes for our legal conference.  It was fun visiting with you too.  I miss you terribly. 
 In connection with the execution of the new ISDA Master Agreements between ECT and ECT Canada and PG&E Energy Trading Gas Corporation and PG& E Energy Trading, Canada Corporation, we, and they, will be issuing  new "umbrella" guarantees that will cover all transactions between the above entities and also cover EPMI and PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P. and CEG Energy Options Inc. (a PG&E affiliate)  These new guarantees will cover all physical, financial and power transactions between the above parties.  I have sent them the original of my Enron Corp. Guaranty for $105,000,000 and have received in the original of the PG&E Corporation Guaranty for $100,000,000.  Rod is resolving whether we agreed to increase the Enron Corp. guaranty to $110mm.  In connection with the issuance of the new bilateral guarantees I need to return to them the originals of the following PG&E guarantees:  (1) PG&E Corporation Guarantee dated as of March 28, 1998 covering business between Enron Power Marketing, Inc. and PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P., (2) PG&E Corporation Guarantee dated as of June 5, 1998 in favor of Enron Power Marketing, Inc. covering physical transactions, and (3) PG&E Energy Trading Corporation Guaranty dated March 11, 1997 covering physical business with ECT Canada.  I will also be returning to you the returned originals of the Enron Corp. Prior Guarantees. 
 FYI, cpy below is governmental. 
 I just heard from Tenley that you and Steve have been in a pretty bad car wreck and are hospitalized in Florida.  My thoughts and prayers are with both of you.  She said you were checking your emails so I just wanted to get a note in to you, and when you feel better maybe we could have a little chat.  I miss you! 
 We have received the following executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:   ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:  March 31, 2000  Enron Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:  Kellogg Company  Transactions Covered: Approved for all products with the exception of: Weather and foreign exchange 
 Per my conversation with Lisa, I am going to open the referenced counterparty to trade financial. 
 I will be out Monday morning for my home inspection.  Also, I have my Scenic Texas board meeting at 2:00 pm in Dallas on Friday, so depending when I can get  plane reservations, I will be out some or all of Friday. 
 We have received the executed Acknowledgement and Termination Agreement dated effective as of December 1, 1999 by and among El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company (formerly known as El Paso Marketing Company, also formerly known as Eastex Hydrocarbons, Inc.), El Paso Merchant Energy Gas, L.P., El Paso Energy Corporation,  and ENA (formerly known as ECT).  Such document referenced the merger of Sonat Marketing Company, L.P. with and into El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas L.P., and the subsequent assignment of El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas LP's rights, duties and obligations to El Paso  Merchant Energy-Gas Company.  Under such agreement, the parties agree that:  1.  ENA and El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company agree that (a) the Sonat Marketing Company and Sonat Marketing Company, L.P. financial Transactions shall be governed by the El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company financial Master Agreement dated as of April 20, 1995; and (b) the Sonat physical transactions shall be governed by the El Paso Enfolie Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement dated March 1, 1998; 2. El Paso Energy Corporation, as Guarantor, agrees that its guaranty shall remain in full force and effect with respect to the transactions evidenced in Item 1 above; 3.  Enron Corp., as Guarantor, agrees that its guaranty shall remain in full force and effect with respect to the transactions evidenced in Item 1 above; 4.  ENA and El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company agree that the Sonat financial Master Agreement dated as of September 1, 1994, and the Sonat Master Firm Purchase/Sale physical Master Agreement, will be terminated; 5.  Each of ENA, El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. and El Paso Energy Corporation agree that the Sonat physical Guaranty dated August 28, 1995, the Sonat financial Guaranty guaranty dated August 28, 1995, the Enron Corp. financial Guaranty dated as of August 28, 1995 and the Enron Physical Guaranty dated May 1, 1994 are thereby terminated.  All of the above is rather complex, and I've tried to reduce 3 pages of "Whereas" clauses into 1 paragraph, but I will distribute the document to the usual suspects, so any confusion about parties should become clearer. 
 On the attached list please note that per my email of 04/17/00, U.S. Gas Transportation, Inc. has been acquired by Aquila.  Future trading for this counterparty should be done out of the name USGT/Aquila LP. 
 Any update yet? 
 No, a transaction had been entered into, the Master Agreement to govern it was signed, getting the certificates was one of the requirements under the agreement. 
 Jan, that was good, thanks for sharing it! 
 Mark asked if you could work on the following with our new secondee, Jason. I provided Jason a hard copy yesterday since he didn't have a computer yet. Thanks! 
 I've been a little distracted.  I've had a contract on a new house, and we had the inspections yesterday and everything looks good, so we're just moving forward for a May 5 closing.  Also, I have had short in an electric line that keeps shutting off all the electricity to my apartment and they've finally isolated it and it is somewhere underground in my garden!  Dalzenia has been in there digging my garden up, and I think Louis has found the problem in the electric line so I hope they are going to get it fixed today so Dalzenia can replant my garden...it's always something.  Anyway, I don't have a barbecue, so I will have to borrow one.  How do I go about doing that? 
 My closing is set for June 5, move-in date for my new house is June 9, so there should be no problem. 
 We have a new lawyer that started in our group yesterday.  His name is Jason Peters.  Can you get him added to the Master Swap Agreement database ASAP. Thanks.  How goes moving the Portland masters? 
 I am available Saturday after my morning run.  If you would like some help I would be happy to help out! 
 Can we get some credit?  Much thanks! 
 I needed to whine with you yesterday about my favorite nat gas trader and couldn't get hold of you...and then my favorite lazy paralegal already passed on some of her work to me! 
 Can you give view access only to Marie Heard, Robbi Rossi, and Cynthia Harkness with Bandwidth Legal to the referenced database.   Thanks! 
 Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty.  Please remember to fax the counterparty U.S. IRS Tax Forms  1001 and Form W-8.  Thanks. 
 It  appears the online people have revised the initial counterparty list. 
 FYI  Per Sheila's inquiry and at Sara's direction, I called Ken Raisler at Cadwalader to determine if using the word "exchange" in a corporation's name would create any regulatory problems with the CFTC.  Per Ken, there has been some historical sensitivity about the use of the word "exchange" .  As we may have noticed though, a lot more companies are doing so without concern.  He said there was no regulatory problem with the CFTC in using "exchange" in your corporate name, however, putting "exchange" in a company's name may put you on the CFTC's radar and get you more scrutiny.  He also said that there may be regulatory conerns in Singapore and Hong Kong, so if we ever anticipate doing business there, it might not be a good idea. 
 I guess you mean Wendi, no Molly? 
 I forget when you are coming?  If you're in Houston on May 6, Jim Easter in the Asia/Pacific Group will be having his XVIII Annual La Dolce Vita Party which is always a great blast, and I'll secure you an invite too...let me know...! 
 This time I just pulled out the notebook with the drafts of confidentiality agreements you left one of them to do, and they didn't bother to file them in the binder, they just stuck them in so when I pulled the file out, the documents fell out. 
 The way this came about, Sheila has a customer that was creating a new internal and, initially she contacted Sara and it was Sara's understanding that they were in the tranportation business, not trading, and wanted to use the word "exchange" in their company name, and did we, as the CFTC experts, know any reason why they shouldn't (I also understand it was Julia that mentioned to Sheila she might have an issue there).  After my email went out, Sheila came around with the press release they were drafting, and it sure sounded in the press release that this company's business was more toward the exchange and less toward the tranportation.  They used words like "online clearinghouse" and the like!  So I told Sheila maybe she'd better contact Ken Raisler directly since it seemed like she had a real problem there.  I haven't spoken to her to find out what came out of it. 
 Mr. Uretsky,  At the request of Michael Danielson, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  If the agreement meets with your approval, could you please have it executed by an authorized officer of Viant Corporation and fax it to me for signature by Enron North America Corp.   If you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to call me.  My phone no. is (713) 853-3399 and my fax no. is (713) 646-3490.  Thanks for your help. 
 Attached are the Canadian forms as they currently stand.  All of our forms are currently under revision, so there may be some more changes coming out soon. 
 We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated April 10, 2000, effective  as of November 25, 1997, wherein Tembec Inc. assigned its interest in Contract No. #J7774.1 dated March 23, 1998 to National Bank of Canada.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of April 10, 2000.  This amendment revises the ISDA Master Agreement with the referenced counterparty to bring the agreement up to current form standards with changes including, but not limited to:  1.  Adding the Canadian Securities Acts representation; 2.  Making certain changes to elections with respect to Payments on Early Termination and amending the Setoff language; 2.  Makes changes to certain credit provisions, including letter of credit provisions, the form of letter of credit, the Independent Amount,, and amends the definition of "Material Adverse Change" .  Copies will be distributed. 
 On the 4/25/00 list, Imperial Oil Resources Limited (cpy id 5193) was on the original approval list, but I had them as a U.S. counterparty instead of Canadian.  Credit now tells me they are Canadian, so I am a little concerned that I might have opened them for Credit Derivatives.  So if they are, shut them down since Canadian cpys can't do Credit Derivatives.  Of course, all counterparties should be shut down for Credit Derivatives now unless Credit tells us they are a Credit Derivatives cpy, and then I'll make a determination...but you know that...! 
 I am preparing an assignment of two physical gas trades that were incorrectly done online with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and ENA and assigning them to CIBC World Markets plc and ECC (ECC has a physical master with this counterparty, ENA doesn't).  I am adding a statement to the effect that these Transactions shall constitute "Transactions" under the ECC Master Agreement and want to confirm that "Transactions" is defined as such under your Master Agreement.  Can you confirm that for me.  Much thanks!  Too bad you won't be here for the party.  It's always a good one.  Also, Sunday is Astroworld day for Enron employees, but you probably won't get here early enough to do that either...  Hey, if you run into any problems, my home # is (713) 529-1038.  Don't be shy about calling me if you need any help with anything!  I mean it! 
 All's I have to say is I was here this morning before 7:00 am, and I was the only person here until 8:00 am (if you catch my drift)... 
 Why is an attorney doing secretarial work, much less paralegal work?  Also, she is primarily a litigator, and we have found that litigators don't know anything about contracts, securing collateral, corporate law, etc.  If we want a litigator, I understand that one of the old time 20 year Liddell, Sapp litigation paralegals has finally gotten to a place where she's ready to leave... 
 Yes to both questions... 
 I hope we are confirming trades under the new TXU ISDA Master...?! 
 Can you email over to me the form of UK Industrial we worked out while I was over there.  Thanks! 
 I have forwarded the Statoil/J.Aron trades down to Bob Klein and Jeff Sorenson to sign off on the actual deals listed.  I'll keep you posted... 
 Would you like to sign off on this form of assignment since I am going to have to send it up to Canada for signature.  Much thanks! 
 We have received the faxed executed Confidentiality Agreement dated April 18, 2000 with Fieldston Publications.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 I'm not Tim.  Perhaps you'd better contact him some other way. 
 I am getting some pressure to get the database opened to the world.  The only thing left to do to get that done was to get the Portland masters migrated out.  What's happening with that? 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement between the referenced Counterparty and ENA dated April 27, 2000.  The copy will be forwarded to Dave Samuels.  It is my intention that Dave Samuels maintain a complete file of all the Confidentiality Agreements for EnronOnline.  If there is some otherr person than Dave who sould maintain the central file repository for EnronOnline Confidentiality Agreements please this let me know. 
 Attached is our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced counterparty.     cc:  Carol St. Clair, Assistant General Counsel 
 There is a document called "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS" in Marie's directory where we all input any CA we have sent.  For some reason since last week it has appeared as a "read only" document", so I cannot input the agreements I am working on right now.  Can you get that fixed.  Thanks! 
 Can you email over to me your Paragraph 11 too!  Thanks again. 
 Attached is our form of Confidentiality Agreement which we would prefer to use.  If after reviewing our agreement you still prefer to use your own form, Carol St. Clair, an attorney in our group will have to get back to you with our comments.   I will wait to hear from you. 
 Congratulations on the first bandwith trades!  I understand we have done two trades today with the following bandwidth counterparties:  1.  Broadwing Communication Services Inc. - we have a Master Bandwidth Purchase and Sale Agreement executed April 27, 2000, effective as of March 28, 2000.  It has just arrived in the bandwidth Legal Dept. and Marie Heard, the paralegal for bandwidth, will be getting the copy down to Global Contracts.  2.  The other party appears to be El Paso Energy Communications, and we have no master in place with this counterparty, so an online confirm with the GTC should be used here.  If you have any other questions let me know, and I'll try and help you or get someone who can! 
 You are the one!  I hope everything works out, keep me posted and let me know if there's anything I can do to help! 
 Faxed the signed document to me at (713) 646-3490.  My direct phone in case you have any questions is (713) 853-3399. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  I have included our phone numbers below in case you have any comments you would like to discuss with us.  We look forward to hearing from you.    Bob Shults (713) 853-0397 Carol St. Clair, Assistant General Counsel (713) 853-3989 Tana Jones, Sr. Legal Specialist (713) 853-3399, fax (713) 646-3490 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  I have included our phone numbers below in case you have any comments you would like to discuss with us.  We look forward to hearing from you.    Bob Shults (713) 853-0397 Carol St. Clair, Assistant General Counsel (713) 853-3989 Tana Jones, Sr. Legal Specialist (713) 853-3399, fax (713) 646-3490 
 We have faxed to Counterparty the fully signed Mutual Disclosure Agreement dated as of May 2, 2000.  Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Bob Shults. 
 Frank, can you email us both a copy of the GTC that the counterparty is seeing on the system.  Thanks! 
 The Kellogg ISDA Agreement has been signed, but it is somewhat long.  Would you like me to fax it to you (if so, what is your fax no.?) or would you like me to fedex it to you? 
 It's always nice to chat with you too!  I'd love to go to lunch, I'm going to put in on my calendar to call you when I get back so we don't forget until the next time we see each other. 
 Lorna,  Thanks for following up on this! 
 Getchen is in our personnel dept.  She will coordinate filling job positions with candidates.  If you just emailed her your resume, you might want to give her a few days because she is working on lots of jobs.  I've used her before, so you might want to mention my name, say I work in the Enron North America Legal Dept.  She is really sweet. 
 Taffy,  Can you take care of faxing him a copy of the ISDA and guarantees ASAP. Thanks! 
 Attached is the form of Letter of Credit you requested.  Also, I am still working to get that info from London on the margin funds and securities.  They are working on it so I hope to get it to you soon.  They are the only holdout. 
 Just to give a head's up,  In case I'm not here and you have to get something signed for EnronOnline, Louise Kitchen absolutely does not want any other officer signing documents for her group.  The only two signatories for EnronOnline are Louise and Andy Zipper, Vice President.  FYI, we do have a resolution in place that allows certain individuals to sign password applications (only!) on behalf of EnronOnline. 
 Let's chat about attached...! 
 I spoke to the guy reviewing the deals this morning.  He has come up with more deals than were on the list provided by Statoil/J. Aron, and now Bob Bowen is checking out the list.  They hope to have it to me by the end of the day.  It seems to me the way we need to proceed is to contact the J. Aron person and get the name of their person who can sign off on the trades, and have Bob Bowen and this person come to a consensus about the correct trades. Once we've got that nailed, then we amend their form of assignment to add the language that the trades need to go under the J. Aron master.  Are you with me on this? 
 I printed out the referenced list that you sent me, but it has some information on it that I don't think we necessarily want to show the NYMEX. Specifically, your last two columns that show "cmbTaxType" and "tg/Active". Is there any way you can reprint the list only showing the name of the corporation and the place of incorporation?  Thanks. 
 It wasn't at the bottom of my list, but it appears it was at the bottom of London's list. 
 Per your request a few weeks ago, Global Contracts prepared a list of executed financial masters for Bob Bowen which he forwarded up to me.  Let me know what you think. 
 Attached is the form of Confidentiality Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if I can be of further service. 
 As you both may recall, we left unresolved whether our intention was to have the credit derivatives tied to the applicable ISDA Master Agreement, if there was any.  Mark's first thought was that they would always go under a GTC, but after reflection, perhaps we might want them to go under the master.  We need to get this resolved because there is no global contract assigned to any of the credit derivatives online, which is causing much trouble between Global Contract and the online crew.  Can you direct me as to what our approach will be.  Thanks. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality agreement with Human Code, Inc. dated May 3, 2000.  Copies will be distributed to Dave Samuels and Bob Shults. 
 The only thing I use Kim for is to take up a hem.  She really isn't a great seamstress.  I also use that place on the corner of Greenbriar & Bissonnet, Alter Alley, if I need a jacket or a drass taken in, or sleeves shortened. Some people have told me they use that seamstress by the Hot Bagel shop and said they have done a really good job, but I have personally never used them.   I have an absolutely fabulous seamstress, she made my Barbie dress for Holly's prom, and has made bed coverings and table skirts for Lucinda and does a great job.  Her name is Ruth Erwin , she lives there right off Bellaire Blvd, close to the fwy and her # is 667-9731.   She is an absolute sweetheart.  I don't give her name out to a whole lot of people because I don't want to get her too busy or too expensive (I'm so selfish!).  Only to my select, special friends! 
 Well, I was here by 7:30 this am and guess who's still not here yet?!  Think harder, I know you can get this one...! 
 Anthony,  You never got back to me on whether this date was good and the total head count.  Can youu please confirm this.  Thanks. 
 We have received the Confidentiality Agreement with Novo MediaGroup, Inc. dated  May 2, 2000.  Copies will be distributed to Dave Samuels and Bob Shults.  I am also attaching an updated list of the EnronOnline Confidentiality Agreements. 
 Ding, ding, ding...!  You're ready for Who Wants to be a Millionaire! 
 I have created a new subdirectory aptly called "Confidentiality Agreements" and have moved Marie's list of Confidentiality Agreements there, the list of EnronOnline Confidentiality Agreement and the two EnronOnline forms of Confidentiality Agreements. 
 What is going on with the revisions to the tax language in the ISDA?  I spoke to Marie and she said that at year end the tax language out of "ISDAexh.doc "was sent to Rhett Jackson for review and as far as she know it hadn't been signed off on.  Obviously, we still have the old language in the form and we need to get this updated. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with MarchFIRST dated April 27, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 In my directory. 
 You don't appear to have attached the list...    "Anita Herrera" <aherrera@statoilenergy.com> 05/04/2000 12:33 PM 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement dated May 2, 2000 with the referenced counterparty.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 I'm ok.  Can you put it on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 Here's an updated confirm on Saga.  Bernice is awaiting your approval. 
 1.  5/2/00 List:  Per my conv. w/ CIBC World Markets, they are a U.K. incorporated company, and will be trading only out of New York  2.  5/3/00 List:  We are not changing our prior approvals, which included "no power" , which Leslie Hansen has reconfirmed. 
 Nancy,  Below are the recipes for the party.  The only commitment I have so far is for the meat dish, so everything else is up for grabs.  Let me know which one you are making.  The directions to my house are as follows:  1.  Take 59 and exit Greenbriar like you are going to Church 2.  First light is Bissonnet, make a left on Bissonnet. 3.  Stay on Bissonnet for about 1/2 mile.  On the right you will see a gray apartment complex called "Maryland Manor".  The street right there is "Ashby", make a right on Ashby. 4.  The first left is Wroxton Court.  I am in the upstairs of the duplex at 1714 Wroxton Court, but you probably will just want to walk around to the back yard.  My phone no. is case there are any problems is (713) 529-1038.  I look forward to seeing you there! 
 We definitely have enough people for a party.  I haven't heard back from some people yet, I'll keep trying.  I hope to have some responses when I get home from work tonight.  Atached is of list of the status so far:    What do you think? 
 Andrea,  The firm commitments I have so far are for the potatoes and pork chops.  That red pepper dip looks really good, I may make that.  Do you want to choose another one.  We're still waiting to hear back from some people, so I may have to adjust the amount depending on how things go.  Let me know your choice!  - Black Bean Dip.doc - RoastRdPepperDip.doc - Cheesy Herb and Garlic Bread.doc - ShrimpGazpacho.doc - PorkChopsMangoBasilSauce.doc - ScallopedPotatoes.doc - DeathbyChocolate.doc 
 Great choice, I got several responses last night and that was not one of them!  All the recipes look really good (as usual). 
 Suzanne,  Anthony is with the Global Contracts Group.  Can you coordinate with him the exact head count as we get closer.  Thanks! 
 I got several responses last night and this morning by email, so I am attaching a revised list. 
 We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of March 31, 2000 assigning two physical Canadian gas trades (EOL Deal Nos 137945 and 149472) from Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce to CIBC World Markets plc.  Such trades will be governed by the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement dated November 16, 1999 between CIBC World Markets plc and Enron Canada Corp.  Copies will be distributed 
 I've got the dinner schedules for 7:30 pm.  Your choice was perfect.  There was no overlap in choices on what people wanted to cook.  I couldn't have planned it better! 
 Jeff Hodge is your man! 
 There was a big computer virus spreading a few hours ago and we all had to totally shut down our computers.  Supposedly this virus was all over the world.  Maybe we'll hear about it on the news.  I have a meeting set up with IPI next week to demonstrate their system to our Global Contracts team leader, the Confirm Desk financial trading head, and also Mark Taylor.  Right now I'm working on a summary listing what I think our system issues are.  I've traded phone calls with Documentum.  I'm actually trying to get this summary done, so I can send it to them to show them what areas we may be looking for help in so they can focus their presentation on our specific needs.  I've looked at your material for Micro Modeling.  I will be contacting them next.  I've got our third paralegal trained, and she's getting up to speed, so I'm getting down to the last contracts I'm trying to resolve.  I have another big project that ends this coming Wednesday, Thursday I leave for Germany for vacation for two weeks, and I hope when I get back to devote my somewhat full time to this project finally.  So that's my story, how are you? 
 Attached are the recipes.  I sent you them all because they all looked so good.  Will you be talking to Steve?  I left him a voicemail about the dinner.  I have scheduled him for the garlic bread.  I guess I will just mail him the recipe.  - Black Bean Dip.doc - RoastRdPepperDip.doc - Cheesy Herb and Garlic Bread.doc - ShrimpGazpacho.doc - PorkChopsMangoBasilSauce.doc - ScallopedPotatoes.doc - DeathbyChocolate.doc 
 Attached are the recipes for the Church Gourmet Dinner.  I've got you down tor the pork chops (Alicia says  to make it a mix of pork and chicken).  All the recipes looked really good, so I thought you might want to look at them anyway.  The directions to my house are as follows:  1.  Take 59 and exit Greenbriar like you are going to Church 2.  First light is Bissonnet, make a left on Bissonnet. 3.  Stay on Bissonnet for about 1/2 mile.  On the right you will see a gray apartment complex called "Maryland Manor".  The street right there is "Ashby", make a right on Ashby. 4.  The first left is Wroxton Court.  I am in the upstairs of the duplex at 1714 Wroxton Court, but you probably will just want to walk around to the back yard.  My phone no. is case there are any problems is (713) 529-1038.  I look forward to seeing you there!   - Black Bean Dip.doc - RoastRdPepperDip.doc - Cheesy Herb and Garlic Bread.doc - ShrimpGazpacho.doc - PorkChopsMangoBasilSauce.doc - ScallopedPotatoes.doc - DeathbyChocolate.doc 
 I left a message for Judy Wells and will keep you posted.  Hopefully by the end of the weekend I should have an exact head count so I can tell people how much to make.  So far we've got 12.  The only recipe so far that is unclaimed is the Roasted Red Pepper Dip, you could either do that, or based on the number of people, you may do another of the meat recipe, since probably that will be the most expensive.  Why don't we chat (via email!) Monday and figure out the best way to go.  I've got a call into Peter Shaddock to see if I can borrow his barbecue grill and if he can get it to my house.  Another thing too, does the Church have folding tables and chairs to borrow? My table will only sit 6 at the best. 
 I can go either way on this.  I have a nice backyard but no barbecue and not enough tables.  But it sounded like you might prefer not to host, and I don't mind, I just am not setup to do a big group.  I used to have a nice folding table but it was stolen out of my garage.  If you host it I would be happy to help out, bring nice flowers, do the dishes, make the pepper dip...! 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am transmitting a proposed form of Annex A for the referenced counterparty.  Please call me at x33399 or Sara at x35620 if we can be of further assistance. 
 Do you have a fax no?  I could fax them to you... 
 Are we in agreement that you will be hosting the dinner.  If so, I will need to call everyone and let them know the change of plans.  In furtherance of that, I will need direction to your house to provide them. 
 Lisa,  I was returning your phone call to Carol St. Clair about the agreement and deleted the message by mistake before I got to your phone no.  Can you give me a call at (713) 853-3399.  Thanks! 
 I'll wait to hear from you tommorow.  "Lisa Taylor" <ltaylor@Cysive.com> 05/08/2000 02:39 PM 
 Bob McInosh from Rock-Tenn called yesterday, and they did a trade with us and owe us money and he doesn't know where to send it.  His phone no. is (770) 263-4456, fax. (770) 248-4402.  If someone could contact him with our wire transfer instructions.  It will probably be in the confirm you send him. 
 At the request of Anita Herrera, I am enclosing a copy of a list that shows the discrepancies that our records show from the list we were sent of trades to be assigned to J. Aron.  Please resolve the trades issues directly with Bob Bowen.  His # is 713/853-7859. 
 At the request of Anita Herrera, I am sending you a list of discrepancies with the J. Aron trades.  I tried to send this earlier and attached the wrong documents.  Please disregard that email and delete it.  Thanks. 
 Can you take care of sending him the executed documents! 
 Can you help me figure out the Portland thing so we can get this database opened...thanks! 
 Attached is our bilateral form of Confidentiality Agreement when both parties are providing Confidential Information. 
 I don't think you can bird dog her too much.  She receives in the emails and forwards them on to the relevant job group.  The person with the job then decides who they do or do not want to interview.  I don't think Gretchen will have much to do with that. 
 If we are replacing an existing Master Agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement, please change the status in the master swap agreement database from "Executed" to "Executed-Under Amendment".  Once a master is executed, "Executed" or "Executed-Under Amendment" should be the only two options you should ever choose.  If you change it to "Draft Sent", "Under Negotiation", etc., it wipes that counterparty's master from the list of executed masters. 
 How many times do we have to say this?! 
 Are we having your group meeting today?  Inquiring minds want to know... 
 Well, actually Tanya, your statement below isn't a truly correct statement. We have not consented to the Statoil/J. Aron assignment (in principal yet, in actuality, no).  We are off about 19 trades and have sent the Statoil people a list of the disputed trades to resolve.  Once we are in agreement about the trades, I will add a paragraph to their form of assignment to the effect that the assigned trades (be they physical or financial) will go under the respective J. Aron master we have in place for that product.  Only then can we move the trades...    Tanya Rohauer 05/09/2000 01:36 PM 
 The date our annual exemption expires in approval letter the NYMEX sends us when they approve our exemptions.  Because we have so many commodities we are applying for now, and the form is quite lengthy, it took the NYMEX quite a while last year to approve our requests, which moved the date back to July 26 (last year our renewals were due the 1st week of July).  So we've got a lttle more time to work on it.  I will probably start notifying the various group's that provide information for the exemptions request sometime around the middle or toward the end of May.    Trey Hardy 05/09/2000 01:43 PM 
 ULF, MAKE FOR PORK CHOPS ONLY, DOUBLE THE RECIPE (WE'VE GOT 14 PEOPLE), KAR= L=20 LOTHMANN IS GOING TO TO A DOUBLE RECIPE FOR CHICKEN.  DIRECTIONS TO PASTOR= =20 BETH'S HOUSE AT BOTTOM  Pork Chops with Mango Basil Sauce (Serves 4*)  Ingredients  1 small mango, peeled and pitted 1 T plus 2 tsp vegetable oil 1 T minced garlic 1 jalapeno chili (seeded and minced) 1/3 cup thinly sliced basil leaves ? cup canned low-salt chicken broth** 1=20 T golden brown sugar 1 T soy sauce**  4 center-cut pork chops (6-8 oz each and about 1 inch thick)  1. Puree mango in food processor.  Set aside=20 cup puree (reserve any=20 remaining puree for another use). 2. Heat 1 T oil in medium skillet over medium heat.  Add garlic and jalapen= o,=20 then basil.  Saute just until basil wilts (about 1 minute).  Add broth, bro= wn=20 sugar and soy sauce.  Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally.  Reduce heat = to=20 low and simmer for 3 minutes. 3. Gradually whisk in=20 cup mango puree.  Simmer until sauce thickens and=20 coats spoon (about 5 minutes).  Season with salt and pepper. 4. Prepare grill.  Brush pork with 2 tsp oil.  Sprinkle with salt & pepper.= =20 Grill pork until cooked through (about 5 minutes per side).  Transfer to=20 plates. 5. Rewarm sauce over low heat, stirring occasionally.  Drizzle sauce over= =20 pork.  *  For a party of 12, you will need to triple this recipe.  Please use 6 po= rk=20 chops and 6 chicken breasts for a triple recipe.  If your party will have 8= =20 guests, use 4 pork chops and 4 chicken breasts.  **  Use fat-free (Health Valley) chicken broth.  Available at Rice Epicurea= n,=20 Signature Kroger stores and Randall=01,s flagship stores.  Can be found in = the=20 diet/specialty food section (rather than soups/broths).  This brand does no= t=20 contain MSG.  Please also ascertain that the soy sauce you are using is=20 MSG-free.  Kikkoman (Lite) does not contain MSG.  DIRECTIONS TO PASTOR BETH'S HOUSE   Our address is 4605 Willowbend Blvd.  We are in between Post Oak and Stella= =20 Link just south of the 610 South Loop. Directions from Christ the King: =20 (There are many ways to get to our house, but I will give freeway =20 directions.)  From the church parking lot take Rice Blvd west to Kirby.  Tu= rn=20 right (north) on Kirby until you get to 59. Get on 59 going south and exit= =20 the 610 loop going south. 610 will pass Meyerland Plaza on the right.  At t= he=20 same point where 610 turns headed east, take the Post Oak exit going south= =20 and get in the far left lane (do not exit at West Bellfort).  Willowbend=20 Blvd. will be the first stoplight. Turn left.  After the first stoplight ou= r=20 house will be on the right.  You may park in our driveway or on the street= =20 (it is legal after 6 p.m.) or in the turn around space in the medians (just= =20 make sure there is room for cars to pass). 
 There has been a change in plans, the dinner is now going to be held at Pastor Beth's.  A list of who is coming, what they are preparing and directions to Pastor Beth's house are attached.  Laura, is Steve getting the recipe from you or Pastor Beth?  Pastor Beth, I've got you coordinating with Matthias & Karen.  I've faxed the recipes to Karl & Ulf.  July Weller is the only one I need to assign a recipe.  I'm hoping she'll do one of the Gazpacho recipes since it's a little more complicated.  Everyone else I having doing double recipes. I'll keep you posted... 
 I just forwarded directions to Pastor Beth's and a note about the number of people.  Did you get it?  We just got Windows 2000 and I'm having trouble with my emails...    "Preisinger, Andrea" <PREISINGER@tmh.tmc.edu> 05/09/2000 02:35 PM 
 I have opened the referenced counterparty to trade weather online.  However, they should continue to use the same special form of confirm that they are using offline until we get an ISDA Master in place with them. 
 We cannot move the trades until we agree to the assignment, which we have not done yet.  We are resolving the trades being assigned, so don't move the trades until you hear from me.  Bob Bowen has been working on this on the confirm desk side. 
 Yes, we will be having it at Pastor Beth's.  Do you need directions?  It's at 7:00 pm.    "Preisinger, Andrea" <PREISINGER@tmh.tmc.edu> 05/09/2000 03:55 PM 
 We will have 14 people.    "Preisinger, Andrea" <PREISINGER@tmh.tmc.edu> 05/10/2000 08:03 AM 
 I didn't havw any time off. 
 Attached is the Confidentiality Agreement you requested. 
 At your request, attached is the bilateral Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced counterparty. 
 At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  If you have any questions or comments concerning the agreement please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399 or Mark Taylor, Assisant General Counsel, at (713) 853-7459.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and return it to me via fax at (713) 646-3490. 
 This Koch trade you sent me is a London based Credit counterparty, not a Houston counterparty so I have no information on it.  You are going to have to resolve this with London Legal, Edmund Cooper  who is an attorney in London at  011 44 20 7783 5382. 
 Attached is a list of Japanese counterparties.  I need to respond to EnronOnline Friday with my approvals to this list.  The list is broken up into 3 groups, Group 1 being counterparties already opened up for online trading (so you don't need to re-review), Group 2 being counterparties that we have correct names and credit on (you need to review this list which has about 100 counterparties), and Group 3 being counterparties that we have bad names or no approved credit yet ( so you don't need to approve this list).  You may ask, what products will these counterparties trade?  They can potentially trade all the products we offer online so you need to look at them like any new counterparty.  Saying that, what we really expect them to trade is the Singapore based group of products. 
 Attached are the referenced lists.  With respect to the list for 5/8/00, Imperial Oil Resources and Pengrowth Corporation were on the initial approval lists.  We have a duplicate Global Counterparty # open for Imperial.  The second one needs to be shut down. 
 Attached is the form of ETA Amendment we executed with Koch Energy Trading. The referenced Diamond Shamrock/Koch joint venture would like to execute the same one.  Is this OK with you.    Forever in your debt...Tana 
 Melissa,  I still need to return the prior PG&E guarantees referenced below to the counterparty.  Were you having them pulled? 
 1.  Whenever we supersede and replace one Enron guaranty with another, we are supposed to have the "supersede and replace" language in the new guaranty. Is there some reason why it's not in there, and if we can't get it in at this late date, how are we going to make sure we don't have two live Enron guarantees out with the counterparty?  2.  Is there some reason one the state of Oregon is bolded in the guaranty? 
 Attached for signature is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need two executed copies since both parties have to execute the Guaranty.  This ISDA Master Agreement will supersede and replace an existing Master Agreement with this Counterparty, and this Enron Corp.Guaranty will supersede and replace the previous Enron Corp. Guaranty dated as of March 4, 1994.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 It looks like you finally made the cut again! 
 I have lots of blanks on my approvals on the attached list for several European products.  If you know any of the answers, can you please just hand write them in and fax them back to me, or email a more recent list you might that addresses the European approvals.  Much thanks. 
 She didn't return my phone calls from yesterday either, so if you can go ahead and double the batch, just making one batch w/o the shrimp for our vegetarian and non-fish eaters.  Thanks for your help! 
 I am still trying to get the countries of incorp. on the Japan List for you. Tom Moran is out today so I have to get them from Tracy Ngo. 
 What do the numbers "4" and "8" mean on your list?     Edmund Cooper 05/12/2000 04:14 AM 
 I left a message for Mike Neves this a.m. to see if we could get together this morning to check on things so we can open the database up.  Meanwhile, what the confirmation desk could do is forward me an email for them and anyone from settlement that may want access to this database.  I am going to have to email people the link to get in. 
 Within the next few days (I hope!) we will be able to open the Master Swap Agreement Database, now called the Financial Trading Agreement Database, to people outside of Legal and Credit.  You will be able to use this database to verify master agreement information and special confirmation issues.  Jeff, once we  have the data inputted, you will also be able to verify branch offices and adopted ISDA Definitions in the Master Agreement (that project is still in progress).  Can you please send me a list of the people in your group who would like to have view access to this database.  I will have to email them the link. 
 Just wanted to drop you a note before I leave for Germany tomorrow.  I'm looking forward to the cooler weather.  I got some good bargains on post winter sweaters this weekend because no one in Houston is even thinking about buying a sweater!  I spent more money on clothes than I ever have at one sitting!  My backyard is really looking good.  It's almost all planted, maybe 90% done.  I've planted a few new trees, a Japanese Red Maple, and a Saucer Magnolia (which has lovely little pink fragrant blossoms).  It will be a while before they look like trees, though.  Right now they kinda look like tall bushes.  I've planted a lot of tropical plants, I've got a ten ft. plumeria (which is what they make the Hawaiian leis out of) which has little little yellow fragrant blossoms, and an Australian fern tree, which is about 7 ft. tall and looks kinda like a palm.  They're in pots, because I'll have to take them in during hard freezed.  I've planted lots of climbing pink, yellow and white roses and one mauve hybrid.  It will take a while before they fill out.  Also, two pink/purple crape myrtles, which should add a lot of color.  Those are those colorful small trees that bloom all over Houston.   I've planted a lot of stuff with scent, and stuff to attract birds and butterflies.  I hope the next time you come it will have filled out a bit.  Right now we've been having so much rain that they're drowning a bit. I need a little sun to make them bloom.  And then there's my St. Francis fountain.  He's just lovely!  Also, the central air is done.  No more noise from window units.  Now he's painting my bedrooms, the front one a real pale blue, and the back one a real pale pink.  I hope when I get back from Europe it will all be over and I can start cleaning up all the dust.  I'll have 3 days to recuperate because of the 4th of July holiday.  You and Sue were going to spruce up your garden a bit.  Have you been able to do anything?  I'm so glad I got to see your house.  Now when you talk about things I can picture what you're talking about.  Also, when I get back from Europe I'm going to get some cats again.  I'm looking forward to that.  I think I'm finally over mourning the demise of poor Willow.  Mark said he didn't have a lot of time to visit with you when he was there because you were in Teeside a lot of the time.  I'm sorry he didn't get a chance to see your car.  I was trying to describe it to him and I don't think I gave it justice.  It was good talking to you the other day!  I'll give you a call when I get back. 
 You're a star!    Stacy E Dickson 05/12/2000 01:59 PM 
 Theresa Smith forwarded your comments to the NDA to me.  I ran them by Mark Taylor, an attorney in our Legal Dept., and am attaching a clean and blacklined draft reflecting the changes we were able to make.  If your lawyer needs to talk to Mark directly his phone no. is (713) 853-7459.  I am a paralegal in his group and if you would like to get in touch with me my phone no. is (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I understand either of you gentlemen can advise me on what legal issues, if any, we might have with trading the new Singapore online products with my US based counterparty list..?  Do we have any issues trading those products with counterparties incorporated in any specific country? 
 Attached please find referenced list.  A few notes:  No physical power or credit derivatives for any of these Japanese counterparties.  Re:  Bandwidth, as a general principle, what I'm hearing from the bandwidth lawyers is (1) for Japanese counterparties they can only trade the U.S. segment (which is currently the only segment we have online), and (2) for right now, we have 1 Netherlands and 2 German counterparties on the list, and they are still checking to get the scoop on those countries, so for right now I am shutting them down for bandwidth. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated May 11, 2000.   A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of= =20 the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under = an=20 ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  (i) Certificat= e=20 of Incumbency, (ii) certified board resolutions of the Policy for Approval = of=20 Guarantees (=01&Policy=018), (iii) certificate by the Treasurer or other au= thorized=20 officer certifying coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy, and (iv)=20 certified copy of Enron Corp.=01,s articles of incorporation and bylaws.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the=20 documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Per our conversation, I am attaching a copy of the form of Enron Corp. Guaranteee which has been sent today to Enron Corp. for signature.  My direct phone no. in case you need to get hold of me is (713) 853-3399. 
 We have received the following two executed Confidentiality Agreements:  1.  Dow Jones & Company, Inc. dated May 11, 2000  2.  Cysive, Inc. dated May 12, 2000  Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels.  I am also attaching a revised copy of the Online Confidentiality Agreement List.  Please let me know if you have any comments or questions on the list. 
 I spoke to Harry Musikas in NYMEX Compliance this afternoon and he gave me verbal approval of 500 contracts for COB spot month for the next year, pending final approval of Bernie Purta (big boss at NYMEX).  We won't get the letter for about a week to 2 weeks, but I wanted to let you know.  I spoke to Mike Swerzbin and told him the same thing.  I'll pass on the approval letter and my revised list as soon as we get his approval letter. 
 No wonder you couldn't find it!  Keep looking, 'cause I guess when you can see it, the job will be open outside Enron.  Didn't you think the job sounded perfect!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 05/16/2000 10:50 AM 
 Are Micheal Khajeh-Hoori and Deepak Sitlani in Credit?  I know Michael Schuh is in Legal.    Sandra Freeman 05/16/2000 11:37 AM 
 I understand there you can't find the 5/8/00 list. 
 I am forwarding to each of you the referenced assignment with respect to physical trading and the online account.  I also called the company and got a copy of the name change document they were referring to in the assignment. 
 can you give these three people in London Legal access to the Master Swap Agreement Database.  Thanks. 
 At the request of Rahil Jafry, attached is our form of bilateral Confidentiality Agreement.   Please let me know if the attached meets with your approval. 
 Attached is the list referenced above, revised to approve Imperial Oil Resources (cpy ID 58981) for all products but power (of course no credit derivatives).  The other Imperial Oil Resources Limited  from the original approvals (cpy ID5193), I would like shut down for all products until I am provided information as to how it differs from the other Imperial Oil Resources.  Whew...!!! 
 The check is in the mail...no really...!!!  Actually, I meant to give it to you at breakfast last weekend, but I have no memory.  Do you want to run Saturday again.  Do the Rose Garden run?    MONTALBANO.HOLLY@heb.com 05/09/2000 03:49 PM 
 How about this afternoon, right after lunch, before I start getting phone calls!    Greg Johnston 05/18/2000 11:23 AM 
 I have passed on the confirmation termination letter you sent me to Melba Lozano on the Confirmation Desk for handling. 
 Larry Gagliardi has been talking to Valero Marketing and Supply Company about doing some gas crack business, and it appears Valero  will not trade with us under the current form of Master Swap Agreement we have in place with them. They will only trade under their form of ISDA Master, a copy of which is attached below.  I spoke to their lawyer, Kim Bowers, who is very nice, and she asked us to make our comments to their form by email.   After talking to Tanya while you were out, it appears that we need to revisit their credit situation since the credit under our existing master swap is quite old.  We will try to work on reviewing the legal terms while we wait to get the credit. 
 I spoke to Kate Cole and she said Enron NetWorks (I'm not sure of the correct spelling yet) was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on 4/13/00.  She has made me a copy of their articles of incorporation and LLC Agreement and I am sending a messenger to pick them up, as well as a copy of the officers and directors, which appears to have been approved.  The banking resolution went to Julia today for signature.  Do we need to adopt any other resolutions (brokerage, approval of agreements, etc.).  How about adoption of the trading policy? 
 Attached please find the referenced lists. 
 Thanks for your help! =20 
 I spoke to Greg Johnston, one of the Canadian lawyers who is currently seconded here, and have determined the following:  Imperial Oil Resources is an Alberta limited partnership.  All Canadian transactions are entered into with this counterparty.  Imperial Oil Resources Limited is the General Partner of Imperial Oil Resources.  We do not transact business with this entity. 
 Thanks for the T-Shirt and the magic wand.  People have already been at my desk trying to steal my magic wand, it's definitely a crowd pleaser.  That was sweet of you to think of me! 
 Done... 
 The ballots are due in New York on June 20, and there are no provisions made for faxing the ballots, so we need to mail them in time to be received by the due date. 
 Per conv. w/Anthony, we should expect 13 people.  We do not need to teleconference anyone in.  Anthony wanted the London Global Contracts people on the line, but I discussed it with Mark, and their forms and legal issues are so different from ours that I told Anthony that they need to contact London Legal if they would like a presentation. 
 We have received the executed ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) effective as of 06/29/99.  Copies will be distributed.  IMPORTANT:  All confirmations for this counterparty must contain the following representation:  "Each party represents that it is in compliance with the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in the board resolutions or other guidelines that are applicable to such party's execution and performance of this Transaction." 
 Sorry for my hold up on this list.  I had an issue with the division/dba approvals that I needed to resolve with Dave Forster and Mark Taylor.  We will be issuing a policy (as soon as I draft it) about how to deal with divisions/dba's in the future.  For this Koch counterparty:  Per my conversation with Stephanie, I am provisionally approving this counterparty only with understanding that the online trading account name gets amended to read as follows:  Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  If the counterparty will not agree to this name change on its account let me know, I will talk to the Koch lawyer.  (FYI, this is the way we styled the ISDA Master Agreement, at the direction of the Koch lawyer.) 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated May 12, 2000.  Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Teresa Smith. 
 We have received Confidentiality Agreemend executed as of May 17, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 The list looks OK except take off Clement Abrams and Ted Murphy.    Suzanne Adams 05/22/2000 02:25 PM 
 Luanne Geison at J. Aron left me a message that their guaranty is being processed and she expect to have it ready early to mid week and will fedex it to us. 
 You can take them off.  I spoke to Sara and Marie didn't want them to attend and that is fine with Sara.    Suzanne Adams 05/23/2000 09:19 AM 
 With respect to El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P., this counterparty was on yesterday's list as an amended counterparty, but it is actually a new counterparty.  It should be approved for all products but power. 
 Thanks Bob!     Bob Bowen 05/23/2000 02:09 PM 
 Melissa,  I still need to forward over the documents listed below.  Have you, or someone in your group, been able to track them down. 
 Per my conversation a minute ago with Leslie Hansen, El Paso Merchant Energy is OK to trade power, so I have amended the spreadsheet to reflect that change. 
 I understand that you are the Keyspan man!!  We are being asked to look at combined physical/financial guaranty for Keyspan with the guarantor being KeySpan Corporation d/b/a KeySpan Energy and the guaranteed parties being KeySpan Ravenswood Inc. and KeySpan Ravenswood Services.  I have never seen this counterparty as a financial entity before. We've got Keyspan Energy Management, Inc. as a counterparty we sent a draft master to about a year ago.  Will these Ravenswood entities trade financial with us?  Do we need to add Keyspan Energy Management to the guaranty if that is indeed the Keyspan entity we are trading with?  By the way, what kind of boondoggle trip is this you are on?  You Credit guys live high on the hog!  You must have a bigger budget than us! 
 At the request of Mike Danielson, I am attaching our form of NDA.  If you have any questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399 (fax no 713/646-3490) or Mike at (713) 853-9052.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I'm not exactly sure what your email is getting at.  No matter what the financial product is, if we have a financial master agreement in place we should tie the financial master to the product.    Karen Lambert 05/24/2000 04:17 PM 
 I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow at 11:00 am. 
 Glencore Ltd. is a Swiss corporation.     David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/24/2000 06:00 PM 
 I can't do anything until I get Credit and Stacy approval.    David P Dupre 05/25/2000 05:23 PM 
 see lotus notes problems 
 I got it signed and Fedexed it up to ED&F Man for signature last night with instructions to send it back to me for transmittal to the OMLX.  Thanks for your help! 
 At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  It is our desire to have this agreement executed before the Tuesday, May 30 meeting with Louise and Mark Crosno.  If you have any comments or questions please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Mark Taylor, V.P. and Assistant General Counsel, at (713) 853-7549.  Sincerely,  Tana L. Jones Sr. Legal Specialist 
 Please ignore my last list and use this one!! 
 We have received the executed amendment to the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated May 16, 2000.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Mark Taylor, the attorney I work for, has agreed to the changes you made, so if you would like to process the agreement on your side and fax the signed copy to me I will have it executed by an authorized officer here.  Thanks for your prompt review and have a nice Memorial Day holiday!      Timothy Sturm <TSturm@Altra.com> 05/26/2000 03:23 PM 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated May 29, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Here's that physical deal you were inquiring about.  Stacy is a physical lawyer and will be taking care of that assignment. 
 Where are you going?!     Lisa Gillette 05/30/2000 09:46 AM 
 Good luck with the next stage of your life.  It has been a pleasure working with you!    Tobin Carlson 05/30/2000 09:52 AM 
 Anthony, in reply to your voicemail that you can't find the guarantees, you've got to have them somewhere there.  Maybe they're with some old Margie Wright files.  But neither Legal nor Credit would keep the original guarantees, so they've got to be somewhere there. 
 I would like to take the following time off:  Wednesday, May 31 - I need to leave at 3:00  My new house closing is on Monday June 5 at Partner's Title in the old Texas Commerce Bank Bldg.- they haven't set the time yet I will be taking two days off in June to move into my new house - June 12 & 13  My old house sale closes on Monday, June 19 - also at Partner's Title - they haven't set the time yet  Let me know if there are any problems... 
 So I guess I'll be hearing from you when you need Confidentiality Agreements.  So we'll still get to work together!     Lisa Gillette 05/30/2000 10:03 AM 
 Lorraine, Mike is wrong.  I never got the fax of the executed NDA.  May he could call his contact at the company and get them to send it to me?!    Lorraine Becker 05/31/2000 06:43 AM 
 Can you get the new attorney in our group, Jason Peters access to both the Financial Trading Database and the Online Trading Database.  Please let us know when he has access.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the revised list of our Online Confidentiality Agreements. Please let me know if you have any comments, questions or changes. 
 Per instructions from Brant Reves in Credit dated 5/15/98 (a copy of which has just been provided to me by Global Contracts), please inactivate the Master Agreement [ERMS] with the referenced counterparty.  It appears Aurora Natural Gas Systems LLC is a dba for Aurora Natural Gas, LLC.  We have an ISDA Master Agreement dated 1/20/00 in place with Aurora Natural Gas, LLC and all financial business should be transacted under such ISDA Master.  Further, per Brant's instructions, all trades done with Aurora Natural Gas Systems, LLC should be moved to the correct legal entity, Aurora Natural Gas, LLC. 
 I was just speaking to Edmund Cooper about various swap matters, and he wanted me to ask the group to not make changes to his entries (for ECT International) in the Master Swap Agreement Database.  Someone went into one of his and added a note that the Trade Option Exemption was deleted when it wasn't.  If you think something is in error or needs to be added, please consult with him.  Thanks 
 It's about 1 1/2 hour drive outside of the City.  I think if you wanted to ride you would only be able to do it weekends.  Are you still interested? 
 Edmund,  Below is the standard information we always have in every email when we get a master swap agreement executed.  With this email Global Counterparty can open the counterparty. We then immediately send the master swap agreement and other documentation down in the attached memo.    If we get the master in signed but we're waiting on critical additional documentation  (like the guaranty or perhaps a legal opinion on a governmental) we hold off on sending the email.  Sometimes the file may not be complete because we are waiting on incumbency certificates (which we do not consider critical in most circumstances) so we may send the email, send down whatever executed documentation we have, while we wait on the certificates.  We used to wait to send the executed documents down until we had the whole package completed, but they can't approve the counterparty without getting the master.  Does this make sense?...  I am now going to look for one with special instructions...  Below is my standard memo to Global Contract with any kind of executed documents I send down to them.  Also, a new procedral thing that is evolving here in Houston, we used to send Global Contracts the originally executed guarantees, but Credit is not the gatekeeper and recordkeeper of all guarantees so we will be sending the originals to them in the future (with a copy in the Global Contract file) 
 Mary Solmonson is a Senior Director with ENA.  Business purpose was to discuss online issues.    Taffy Milligan 06/01/2000 02:19 PM 
 We have received the following executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border)  Effective Date:   08/14/94  Executed Date:   05/11/00  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   J. Aron & Company  Transactions Covered:  All products, except pulp & paper   Please note the following:  1. This ISDA Master Agreement supersedes and replaces the Master Energy Price Swap Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated as of   03/09/93. 2. Incorporated is the ISDA Master Agreement is the consent to the assignment by Columbia Energy Services Corporation ("CES") to ENA of the financial transactions between CES and J. Aron & Company. 3. J. Aron & Company is the Calculation Agent and Confirming Agent under the ISDA Master Agreement. 
 Yup, FX & Currency Option provisions added.  !  I hope to have our database open to you soon so you can look and see what definitions are included.    Laurel Adams 06/01/2000 03:38 PM 
 What group did you go to?    Julie Meyers 06/01/2000 04:01 PM 
 How about Melissa Murphy, or anyone else that prepares financial power confirms?    Bob Bowen 06/01/2000 04:39 PM 
 never mind... 
 I got back from vacation late Friday.  Our whole group got bumped from the flight in Paris so they paid us $700 each to take the next flight out.  Not a bad deal!  But it was 27 hours travel time from start to finish and I was exhausted.  Luckily, it was a 3 day weekend here, so I had time to recover (and clean from my construction work).  I had a really nice time.  Most of our time we spent in East Germany, except for the flight out of Munich.  We went to Berlin, Leipzig, Eisenach, Wittenberg, Erfurt, Potsdam, and hiked in the Harz mountains.  My favorite time was the time spent in Kitzbuhl, Austria.  It was wonderful, I hope to make an annual hiking trip there for a week every year.  It is so hard to do anything like it in Houston, I forget how nice the mountains can be.  Our hotel was great, smack in the middle of town and it only cost $30, breakfast and dinner included!  Such a deal!  I got home and my house is almost done.  There are only a few minor things left.  The garden is at 85%.  My landscaper had a big fight with my tenant while I was gone so she wouldn't come to my house until I got back.  I've picked out my two new kitties, and I'll pick them up this weekend, I think (if the painter is done).  They are calico cats.  I haven't named them yet.  What's going on with you?  Are they working you to death?  Any fun things going on? 
 We are ready to open the old "Master Swap Agreement Database", now called the "Financial Trading Agreement Database" to people outside Legal and Credit. Can you provide me a list of the people in your group that would like access so I can email them the agent to open the database.  Much thanks! 
 Attached is the link that will allow you access to referenced database. Please note, that we have just upgraded the database to add the ISDA definitions, branch offices approved for trading, and market disruption provisions.  This information should be inputted for the new master swap agreements on a going forward basis, but we still need to go back and repopulate the data for the existing master swap agreements.  Also, FYI, the "See" drop down is our nickname for the name changes and mergers reference.  If an item is filled in for that entity it should show you any prior or new names for the counterparty.  If there is anyone else who would like the link, please let me know and I will forward it to them.  We hope you find the information provided in this database helpful.   Link --> 
 This is a consent to the physical business, not financial.  Stacy Dickson will sign off on this as soon as she gets Credit approval, which it appears she has not yet. 
 You scared me...I went in to make sure I sent the list to everybody!! 
 How about adding the drop down for bandwidth trading? 
 I asked Credit to put the referenced counterparty on the re-approval list for financial because momentarily we hope to get the signed ISDA Master Agreement in from the Counterparty and if certain things don't happen when I open them up they will have a cow!!  1.  When I approve them to trade financial online we need to make sure they are coded for having the master swap agreement in place.  They are insistent that they do not see the GTC and that the confirms and procedures agreed to in the master apply.  2.  All US and Canadian financial transactions, whether online or offline, should roll up under the master.  As soon as we get the executed ISDA Master Agreement in I will send an email.  I thank you and I know Sara Shackleton thanks you...!!! 
 I am still waiting for responses on the 5/30/00 list.  I hope to have it to you shortly. 
 Thanks, as usual!!     Leslie Hansen 06/02/2000 11:33 AM 
 I have created a new subdirectory in the attorney forms bank and moved the approved swap forms there.  The subdirectory is called "Swaps" and there are two sub-subdirectories under there called "Current Forms" and "Old Forms".  I hope this makes it easier to find the swap forms.  Also, by popular acclaim, we are doing away with the old numerical naming system for forms like 2101a, 2101b, and giving them  names like isda-multicurrency, isda-local currency, industrial-u.s. (was 2103.doc), industrial-canadian, etc..  I hope this also makes it easier to find forms.  I am also moving forms we frequently use  located mainly in my directory, but also in other people's directories, into the atty.fms bank.  If there is a form you would like me to move in that I haven't, please let me know.  This should make the forms available to users outside the Houston office.  To the U.K. and Singapore:  We are going through a form revision process here in Houston and when we are done I will send you clean and blacklined copies of the changes to you for your review. 
 FYI, we are now executing Services Agreements, and it is my undertanding that Dave Samuels will maintain the files of the originally executed copies until I am given further instruction.  As with all the online documents I am getting executed on your behalf, I will maintain a copy in our files also.  We have received the executed Information Services Agreement dated May 22, 2000 between Energy Argus Incorporated and Enron NetWorks LLC.  The original is being sent to Dave. 
 We have received the executed copy of the Confidentiality Agreement dated 5/24/00 with the referenced party.  Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Mike Danielson. 
 Just a reminder that I will be at my house closing Monday morning... 
 As you requested... 
 FYI, you've got several people on the referenced resolution that are no longer in your group.  You might want to take a look at it... 
 We have a new paralegal in our group, Samantha Boyd, she just started Monday.  Can you get her Master Swap Agreement access.  Thanks! 
 I am going to have to leave the Group Meeting a little early tomorrow.  The online team has scheduled a new employee training for tomorrow and at 10:30 am Tom Moran and I are going to give a presentation on online approval procedures. 
 Please note the following on the 6/5/00 list:  We are shutting down Aquila Risk Management Corporation for all financial trading effective today.  All financial trading should be done out of Utilicorp United Inc.  This counterparty was on the original approval list, and I previously had them shut down for financial trading.  Credit will put them on tonight's list, meanwhile, we need to open them up to trade all financial immediately. 
 I know you are busy, but you need to send out your email about the signed master as soon as possible, so we can open up Utilicorp to trade financial. Brant can only open them up from Credit's perspective, I have to open them up from Legal, but they will still not be able to trade only until Global Contract ties the counterparty to the master, and they cannot do that until they get your email.  Thanks. 
 Samantha,  When you get in let's take a look and see if you can get into the Master Swap Agreement Database. 
 Kal,  Attached is your agreement.        Kal Shah 06/06/2000 03:54 PM 
 I have jury duty scheduled for June 23 at 8:00 am. 
 At Stephanie's request, I am approving the following three counterparties to transact Enron power SALES only prior to these counterparties coming out on tonight's Credit approval list (when we will do the full approvals):  The three new counterparties are:  GPU Service, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of Pennsylvania Electric Company  GPU Service, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of Metropolitan Edison Company  GPU Service, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of Jersey Central Power and Light Company  Call me if you have any questions... 
 It is always a pleasure working with the online team,  You all keep me busy but you are always kind and thankful, and believe me, those thanks are always appreciated!     Lisa Gillette 06/07/2000 04:08 PM 
 Correct!     David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 06/07/2000 07:48 PM 
 I reviewed the counterparties in our Financial Trading Database and located 17 who cannot enter into financial power transactions and cross-checked that list against my Online Trading Counterparty List and located the 6 counterparties below have been opened to trade online and who cannot trade financial power and/or who have some type of restriction in place on the type of financial power transactions they can enter into:  1.  The Bakersfield Californian - can only do newsprint swaps and options 2.  CMS Marketing, Services and Trading - can enter into financial power transactions only if those transactions are fixed price swaps, basis swaps, swing swaps and options 3.  Phibro, Inc. - can only do natural gas, crude oil or oil product energy prices swap, put & call options.  Per my discussions with Tom, this counterparty is coming through on tonight's list as an amended counterparty because they want to do financial power.  They have a really old form of agreement in place from 1993 and it does not allow power financial transactions.  I spoke to Mark Taylor about this and he said if they want to do financial power they are going to have to replace this agreement with an ISDA.  I am going to talk to Credit about this.  They will definitely not be able to trade financial power by Monday... 4.  PXRE Corporation - weather only 5.  Swiss Re Financial Products Corporation - weather only 6.  Tempest Reinsurance Company Limited - weather only 
 Michael is the person.  Keep me posted if you don't get access.  How are you?  How goes the weight training?  Don't be a stranger... 
 In my absence on Monday and Tuesday, can you forward the counterparty approval lists to Samantha Boyd, a new paralegal in our Group, and she will forward them on to my distribution, so we can at least get people reviewing the lists while I am out.  Much thanks! 
 Boy, I'd like to know where I'm going to be for the next 2 days too!    Tom Moran 06/09/2000 09:19 AM 
 I look forward to it!  I was talking to Genia and I also heard how lovely your house looked...I can't wait to see yours too!    Leslie Hansen 06/09/2000 09:33 AM 
 On the list for 6/6/00, NRG Energy Inc. was previously not approved for physical power trading and we are not opening them up at this time.  Per my discussions with Credit, they are coming thru as an amendment to open them up for US power and emissions.  This counterparty is not showing up on the FERC approved marketers list, and Leslie Hansen is contacting the counterparty to determine what records they have, if any, that show they have been approved by the FERC to trade power.  Until we are provided that info, we cannot open them up for power.  US emissions has been opened.      P.S.  If Utilicorp. need to be approved when I am out Monday and Tuesday, talk to Carol St. Clair, the attorney working on the ISDA Master, or Susan Bailey, the paralegal  working on the contract. 
 Attached is the referenced Annex B.  Call me if I can be of further help. 
 Always my pleasure. ...I don't want to risk having you unhappy two days in a row...by the way, where we you for the ice cream social?!    John Suttle 06/09/2000 01:30 PM 
 I'm glad to hear that someone from Credit it showing up!  I heard we weren't going to have a good turnout from you guys, so I expect those that do attend will achieve "favored Credit person" status.    John Suttle 06/09/2000 03:42 PM 
 Dan,  I just wanted to let you know how to proceed on getting the agreement signed, since I will be out Monday and Tuesday.  Samantha Boyd is a new paralegal in our Group and she will coordinate getting it signed.  Her phone no. is 853-9188.  I understand you need it signed by Monday since you are meeting with Continental Tuesday.  As we discussed, we are incorporating EnronOnline LLC today.  As soon as we hear from Deb Korkmas (a paralegal that handles our corporate matters) that the company has been incorporated you can tell Continental that they can sign the agreement and return it to us via fax (have them fax it to Samantha's attention at fax:  (713) 646-3490).  Upon receipt of the fax Samantha will get it initialled by Mark Taylor and have it walked to either Louise Kitchen or Andy Zipper for signature (depending on who is in).  Either of them can sign for all 3 companies, Louise as Managing Director, Andy as Vice President.  After the agreement is fully executed Samantha will fax it to Rick Wagner at Continental (unless you give her instructions to the contrary).  If the counterparty wants to negotiate the agreement, they will have to talk to Mark directly.  His phone no. is 853-3399. 
 You'll have to take that personally with Ms. Heard.  For you, it would have much more personal impact than "Most Favored Nation" status.  I would certainly want to stay on Marie good side.  Though I know it is tough to compete with sweet Russell...    John Suttle 06/09/2000 04:04 PM 
 Per our discussion when I was in London, we ordered you  a box of blue files and sent them to you (for your original deal files since you said you couldn't get those types of files in England).  One of our assistants got a call from what I guess must be Meagan and she (Meagan) said she was sending the files back because it wasn't what she wanted.  So if you do want the blue files you might want to intervene with Meagan before the files cross the Atlantic again.  We would, of course, be able to use the files here, so no big deal. 
 I will be out of the office on Monday and Tuesday of next week.  In my absence, Samantha Boyd, a new paralegal in our Group, will forward the Counterparty Approval Lists to you once she receives them from Credit. Please return any responses you might have to me.  Thanks! 
 I just spoke to Mark Taylor and he has requested that we be more specific about the nature of the project we are working on in our confidentiality agreements.  On a going forward basis can you please provide that information along with the other info you give me.  Thanks!  I will be out of the office Monday and Tuesday.  If you have a RUSH Confidentiality Agreement that can't wait until Wednesday, call Mark Taylor at x37459 and he will find someone else in our Group to prepare it.  Louise, don't worry about Continental.  Mark is working on getting it signed in my absence! 
 Airlines!    Louise Kitchen 06/09/2000 04:32 PM 
 How soon they forget!!!    Louise Kitchen 06/09/2000 04:32 PM 
 Correct!     Daniel Diamond 06/09/2000 04:54 PM 
 I forwarded your resume last week onto my last contact that might have a jo= b=20 in London.  The London Legal Dept. just seconded two outside lawyers, so th= ey=20 are properly staffed for the moment.  Then  I spoke to the Global Contracts= =20 people, and they didn't need anyone in London, but might have been interest= ed=20 if you wanted to go to Japan.  The last Group is the online trading group. = I=20 forwarded your resume to the head of that groupp last week.  We'll see this= =20 week... 
 Are you going to be sending me some credit? 
 I'm so depressed...I wanted to work on this for you...!!    William S Bradford 06/12/2000 03:25 PM 
 I sent you an earlier email about the blue files.  Now Erica has received back the three hole punch I ordered for you (so you could insert paper into the notebooks I have prepared for you), as well as a request for redweld manila folders (instead of the blue file folders we ordered for you).  Can you work out what supplies you want from us.  We are happy to order whatever you like, but the overseas mail charges are going to increase greatly what the supplies are worth.  Thanks. 
 I don't know what a terminations number is?!    Carol St Clair 06/12/2000 11:52 AM 
 Thanks for the nice note, I am the person that has the really neat yard that was featured in the Chronicle, at least until this weekend when I bought and moved into my new house.  I have a lot of work ahead of me yard wise.  This yard has "great bones" but has been neglected for a long time.  Hopefully, some day it will look as nice as the yard at my old house! 
 Here's the excuse we need to get me up there for the Stampede!  Isn't it coming up soon? 
 Yes, we do have a standard Enron guaranty form.  It is located in atty.fms/swaps/current forms/guaranty.doc (both the Enron & counterparty guarantees are in there). 
 We have not yet received the executed documents. 
 You can go back sending the counterparty lists only to me and Mark Taylor. Thanks! 
 Just a reminder that I will be taking Friday afternoon off to meet the cable tv guy, then, my closing on my old house is set for Monday at 3:30 pm. 
 How can a non-bank be a multibranch entity?  If I remember, we spent a hour with London over the phone discussing just this issue! 
 Yeah, we also need to provide copies of the signed resolutions to Ted Murphy, so he knows what's approved, so he then knows who does a trade outside of the approval.  We also then need to update the index to our corporate resolutions binders and substitute the revised resolution in our binders so the binders always contain the most current resolution. 
 I had a conversation with Ed Staub over at Duke today, and he now wants to get an agreement in place between Duke and ENA.  I mentioned to him our agreement between ENA and ECC that would allow us to trade both entities under the same master, and he was not interested in trading in that manner, he wants separate agreements in place with both companies, obviously, mirroring the terms of the master we are putting in place with ECC, just changing it for any cross-border issues.  I told him I would run it by our Credit Dept. 
 We are in the process of filing our annual hedge exemptions with the NYMEX for 2000.  In connection therewith, I will need to provide the NYMEX with an updated copy of the alphabetical list of Enron Corp. and Subsidiary Companies.  Thanks Kate, as usual, for your help with this! 
 We got a call from the NYMEX today, and they received another Access terminal that appears to be slated for Enron.  My understanding is that we have the five terminals that I ordered.  You do have your two in Portland, don't you?  Please confirm that for me.  Thanks! 
 We have received the executed Second Amendment to Guaranty Agreement dated as of June 9, 2000.  This amendment changed the guaranty of Formosa Plastics Corporation, USA ("Guarantor") with respect to the physical transactions with Formosa Hydrocarbons Company, Inc. and financial transactions with Neumin Production Co. to an unlimited guaranty.  The original guaranty amendment will be sent to Credit. 
 Per my conv. a minute ago with Maryann Friel, they will be fedexing the documents out to us tonight! 
 You need to contact whoever it is you are speaking to at PPL and tell them we have never received a request to assign the financial deals, and if they would like to send us one we will take a look at it.    David P Dupre 06/15/2000 10:40 AM 
 We have finally received the executed Termination Agreement for the two Koch physical trades done in error on EOL (which have already rolled off the books!).  The deal nos. are EOL Nos. 103992 and 104018.  I am sending the original to Bob Bowen. 
 We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement wherein Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce assigned two physical trades to CIBC World Markets Plc.  Those two deal Nos are EOL deal no 137945 and 149472.  The originals will be sent to Bob Bowen. 
 To prepare an NDA for you I will need the following information:  1.  The correct legal name of the counterparty 2.  Whether the agreement is bilateral (both parties providing confidential information) or one-way (where only Enron is providing confidential information).  Our preference is to use the Enron protected party form since it is written more in our favor. 3.  The nature and/or use of the information being provided. 4.  The address of the counterparty 5.  The phone and fax number of the counterparty  Once I have all this I can prepare your NDA in short order.     Teresa Smith@ENRON 06/15/2000 10:59 AM 
 We had a new paralegal start in our group Monday.  Her name is Susan Bailey. Can you get her access to our Master Swap Agreement Database.  Thanks. 
 I just wanted to let you know that Shari Stack is working on that Talisman letter.  It was good talking to you, as always.  I hope you got out and "stomped" a little bit! 
 You're the best!    Teresa Smith@ENRON 06/15/2000 01:04 PM 
 The Power Desk directed me to give John Galperin, our broker with Salomon, Smith Barney a call to get the May Entergy volumes.  John spoke to the NYMEX and they came back with a figure of -0- contracts traded in May, with a total of 34 Entergy contracts traded so far for 2000 (all months). 
 I can be there, but I have to be home by 1:00, because the cable tv guy is going to show up sometime between 1-5.    Taffy Milligan 06/15/2000 02:31 PM 
 Tanya, "eligible" is spelled wrong...otherwise, lovely credit worksheet!    Carol St Clair 06/15/2000 03:19 PM 
 I will be able to attend. 
 I need to send out the attached memo ASAP to all employees of Enron North America and its trading affiliate offices.  This includes Houston, Calgary, London, Denver, New York, Oslo, Singapore, Portland, Australia, Buenos Aires, and any other offices where we might have trading affiliates.  Can someone with your team get back to me ASAP so we can be clear about who we send this to.  Thanks! 
 If we are going to vote on the NYMEX demutualization plan the ballots are due tomorrow, so today is your last possible day to get them out, since it only provides for mail in ballots, no faxes this time.   I check and both Mark and Kevin are in, for right now! 
 Done. 
 I do not have an individual list.  It will have to got to all the employees in the cities, and or countries where we have trading offices, which is pretty much the list I had below.    Enron Messaging Administration@ENRON Sent by: Erika Vaughan@ENRON 06/19/2000 02:24 PM 
 I just got off the phone with someone at PP&L and I am trying to coordinate our response to assigning our physical gas, physical power, financial and online transactions.  Per my discussion with PP&L, Shari is working on the physical power assignments, Stacy has received the gas assignments, which in it includes an assignment of the online account, and the woman at PP&L is faxing me an assignment of their financial positions with us.  PP&L tells me that we have recevied Credit approval of these assignments, although I have not received such approval.  With respect to assigning their online account, I don't know if Frank has any particular issues, my only issue is that we don't only assign an account, in doing so we assign all trades under that account, and if the only trades done with PP&L are physical gas, power & financial, then we should be alright (if Frank is ok, in consenting to the assignment of the online account).  It seems to be a problem with her in opening a new account.  Saying, all that, I guess I need to know if (1) Credit has approved all these consents, (2) when power & gas have consented, and (3) if Frank is OK with assigning the online account over... 
 Wouldn't you like to know which of the two Susan's gave her notice today!?! 
 I called Haedicke to check on the status of his Rappaport conversation, and he told me he hadn't had a chance to talk to him yet but to go ahead and fax in the ballots, which I have done (I got Kevin's too). 
 I had to order a set of the ISDA Japanese documents for John Viverito, who will be leaving for Japan soon, so if anyone needs a copy I have them.  Also, London sent me a copy of the Amsterdam Power Exchange Rules, which I don't think anyone will need, but if you do, I have those too. 
 Do you only want the form of Credit Support Annex and Paragraph 13 thereto, or do you also want a pro forma Canadian ISDA Schedule.  Also, I would expect that since you are dealing with Canadian municipalities you would want a form that include the special municipal provisions, which are somewhat lengthy?    Greg Johnston 06/20/2000 02:41 PM 
 Attached are the referenced lists.  On the 6/19/00 list for Sithe Power Marketing, LP, they were on the original approval list, and since they are coming through again for SO2, and since I'm not sure if we had SO2 on the original list, I open them up for it just in case.  Also, I opened them up for financial, since it appears they have now met the eligible swap participant requirements, even tho' Credit is still not opening them up for financial.    , 
 I just wanted to check for one of our British attorneys who is coming into town next month to confirm he is registered for a seminar.  Do you have Mark Elliott registered for Derivatives I on August 8 and 9.  Can you confirm this for me so I can confirm it for him.  Thanks! 
 Please direct this email to all employees at the offices indicated below (I think Sydney is our Australia office).  I have revised the letter a little and am reattaching  it.  Thanks!       Enron Messaging Administration@ENRON Sent by: Erika Vaughan@ENRON 06/19/2000 02:58 PM 
 Mike, I thought you were taking care of this for me.  What happened?  P.S. Does Samantha Boyd has full access to the database also? 
 I would like to send the email out announcing this master and have a few questions.  First, about the approved products, as best as I can determine, we don't have the pulp & paper language in, and don't have the weather rep in.  Seeing as tho' they probably won't trade pulp & paper, I won't worry about that.  However, with respect to weather, since the weather rep is always added into the confirm, I don't think not having it in the master would necessarily mean they can't trade weather.  Unless you know of a reason to the contrary, I would think we want to open them for weather.  Second, looking at the agreement to see if there is anything else we want to mention to the general distribution group, I don't see anything in particular out of the ordinary with respect to trading issues, except in the Netting of Payments section which appears to allow payment netting amongst PG&E and it Core Procurement Department and California Gas Transmission Department.  Will they be financially trading separately under those departments?  And if so should we instruct the Settlements group to net the payments?  Anything else special you think I need to mention? 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement between Continental Airlines, Inc. and Enron North America Corp., Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline LLC dated June 19, 2000.  A copy will be distributed to Daniel Diamond and Dave Samuels. 
 Just a followup note:  We are still unclear as to whether we should continue to send original incoming and outgoing guarantees to Global Contracts (which is what we have been doing for about 4 years, since the Corp. Secretary kicked us out of using their vault on 48 for originals because we had too many documents).  I think it would be  good practice if Legal and Credit sent the originals to the same place, so we will be able to find them when we want them.  So my question to y'all is, do you think we should send them to Global Contracts, to you, or directly the the 48th floor vault (if they let us!). 
 FYI,  I spoke to my contact in the NYMEX Marketing Group and she told me that the NYMEX demutualization vote passed 140-11. 
 The draft of the email you sent Mark looks OK in terms of its content.  Is there any way I will be able to get some form of a confirmation reflecting that it was sent to all the offices in my prior emails? 
 Per the email below, please note that if you haven't been sending your original guarantees to Credit, it appears this should be done so in the future.  Please forward this email on to other members of your group that might be responsible for filing original guarantees. 
 Your list looks good!    Enron Messaging Administration@ENRON Sent by: Erika Vaughan@ENRON 06/21/2000 10:34 AM 
 Thanks, that was indeed what I was asking!    Enron Messaging Administration@ENRON Sent by: Erika Vaughan@ENRON 06/21/2000 02:23 PM 
 Just wanted to give you a head's up.  We received last night from ED&F Man their form of proposed Clearing Agreement with the OMLX.  It appears they simultaneously sent it to the OMLX.  I am having my assistant fax a copy to you.  I haven't had a chance to look at it yet, I'll do that first thing this morning.  As you recall, we sent them the OMLX's form for signature a few weeks ago, and they've now come back with their form.  I don't know how customary it is to negotiate this with the OMLX?  Anyway, we'll take a look at it here and give you a call. 
 I have to move some final things out of my old house.  I hope I close tomorrow!  If you would like to meet me at my new house, and then we could run over quick and grab the final things I could go after...    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 06/21/2000 07:08 PM 
 I'm still getting the silent treatment! 
 She's not too far away from snapping...!  I'm afraid to say anything.    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 06/21/2000 05:27 PM 
 Yes it does.  It includes any original guarantees we may be giving or receiving.     Jeffrey T Hodge 06/22/2000 02:52 AM 
 Just a reminder that I hope to be out this afternoon (as of this morning my old house closing is set for 3:00 pm, keep your fingers crossed it goes through this time!).   Also, I have morning jury duty tomorrow. 
 You are abviously a man of clear and discerning vision!    Jeffrey T Hodge 06/22/2000 09:03 AM 
 I have prepared a form of transmittal memo for sending the original guarantees down to Credit.  I though you might want to use it as a template. 
 The memo applies to ENA and its other trading affiliates, Enron Canada Corp= .=20 and Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.).  If you work for= =20 any of these trading affiliates, this memo would apply to you.  Because of= =20 the constraints of our company wide broadcast system, they could not limit= =20 the email in some offices to only those companies, so we had to send it out= =20 to the whole office.  If you do not work for those companies, this does not= =20 apply to you. 
 Below is my listing of the remaining projects.  1.  Finish painting sunroom. 2.  Paint bedroom furniture. 3.  Replace two front door thresholds. 4.  Put mailbox in Nancy & Peter's front door.  They have the hardware. 5.  Sheetrock over their livingroom bookcase at Nancy & Peter's. 6.  Paint outdoor pipes same color as house. 7.  I spoke to Bob Goss, they took the light fixture cover out of my back stairwell (it's in the ceiling) and lost it.  Bob asked if you could replace it for him and send him the bill. 8.  Additional plumbing (1) airconditioning pipe, and (2) washing machine hoses in back of garage, and cover open drain near door to garage bathroom plumbing.  That should do it! 
 Marie,  Obviously, you are not "in the know".  The word on the Enron streets is that Yao is brokering the peace in Bosnia, and that is why he is too busy to call his old friends! 
 Good memo.  I look forward to hearing from you.    Ted Murphy 06/22/2000 04:20 PM 
 I am the person that handles all this.  If you would like to meet to discuss this let me know and we'll set up a time.    Steven J Ehrig@ENRON 06/22/2000 05:51 PM 
 What the NYMEX is trying to get at is their concern that the NYMEX consider= s=20 the trades of ENA and its two other principal trading affiliates (Enron=20 Canada and London) to be one and the same as ENA.  It is also concerned tha= t=20 we might and try and set up other companies and trade of of those to try an= d=20 increase our overall trading volume with the NYMEX.  Further, the NYMEX als= o=20 doesn't want us to increase our company's overall trading volume, by "hidin= g"=20 trades through accounts in the name of individual employees,   The Annual= =20 Hedge Exemptions applications require that ENA represent whether its=20 officers, employees, owners, or agents have a power of attorney, control or= =20 have a financial interest in any other related commodity future(s) account= =20 either individually or acting with another person pursuant to express or=20 implied agreement.as indicated in the original email from Mark.   The=20 transaction you mentioned below doesn't appear to be problematic, since it= =20 flows through ENA's risk books,  thus not increasing the overall position t= he=20 NYMEX allows us to trade.  This annual email has a secondary unplanned, but helpful control purpose, i= t=20 fleshes out the trading of employees that might be in violation of the=20 Company's Trading Policy. =20 
 Marie,  I think you are mistaken.  I was watching E, the Entertainment Channel, last night, and Joan Rivers was doing her best and worsed dressed review at Cannes.  I noticed this incredibly handsome and debonair man, dressed all in black from head to toe, a shy smile, with eyes hidden behind dark glasses, and a lovely beauty on each of his arms.  I thought, "could it be...might it be...?!".  And it was...it was truly he.  I'm sure of it! 
 With respect to Utilicorp, I cannot amend their profile yet to open them for financial until I get the word that everything is set up and ready to go.  We do have the financial master in, so as soon as we figure out how we want to open the accounts, I can send my email. 
 Let me know on MRT what you find out.  When can I see your house?    Leslie Hansen 06/23/2000 03:21 PM 
 I am still getting the chill and it's getting really old.  I've tried to enter into the conversations, make a comment or interact, and I just get frozen out.  It's going to be a long walk over there to help her out.  In  2 weeks, I'm all she's got. 
 Am I supposed to do anything here? 
 I am trying to track down in London the author of an ISDA Schedule on the deal between ECT and the ETOL Trust.  The top of the Schedule says "Milbank Draft" and the document # on the botton says LN1: #20030058v5.  Robina Barker-Bennett in Treasury left Mark Taylor an email about this, and I left her a voicemail trying to track down the document, but haven't heard back.  I would think the document was prepared by one of your lawyers.  Mark needs the computer document so we can do a blackline against another agreement here in Houston.  Can you see what you can do to track it down for me.  I'd appreciate it. 
 Stephanie rightly pointed out that I was confusing Utilcorp w/Pacific Gas and Electric.  Just call me Roseannaroseannatana!  Attached is the corrected list for 6/20/00 to open Utilicorp for all products except pulp & paper. 
 Enron's trading policy prohibits employees from trading any products the=20 company trades.  If you have any questions about any specific products plea= se=20 feel free to contact me or any of the London legal team. 
 The Enron trading policy prohibits employees from trading any products the= =20 company trades.  Please let me know if you are trading any commodities that= =20 Enron trades, otherwise you should be OK. 
 With respect to the FX, interest rate, S&P and NASDAQ indice trading, as lo= ng=20 as your job does not involve trading those products and as long as you do n= ot=20 in your job have access to the trading information (working on the confirm= =20 desk, risk management desk, credit, etc.), you are OK to trade those=20 products.  We do not currently trade agricultural commodities, so you are= =20 currently not in violation with that product group.  As you may be aware, w= e=20 have acquired a metals company, so you should also not trade any metals. 
 Can you email me the registration form?  Thanks! 
 Mark Taylor has asked me to respond to your email. The NYMEX considers the trades of ENA and its two other principal trading= =20 affiliates (Enron Canada and Enron London), as well as any other affiliates= ,=20 to be one and the same as ENA.   The Annual Hedge Exemption applications=20 require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agen= ts=20 have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other= =20 related commodity future(s) account either individually or acting with=20 another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.as indicated in the= =20 original email from Mark.   In order to make this representation we need to= =20 do due duligence to establish whether our employees have any such accounts,= =20 and if they have such an account, whether having so might raise any concern= s=20 with the NYMEX. This annual email has a secondary helpful control purpose.  It fleshes out= =20 the trading of employees that might be in violation of the Company's Tradin= g=20 Policy.   The Trading Policy prohibits Enron employees from trading any=20 products that the company trades.=20 
 You're the best!    Frank L Davis 06/26/2000 01:13 PM 
 As Frank indicated below, below is a new bandwidth product being introduced online.  Frequently, if we have a new product and it is close enough in character to another product, we just mirror the approvals we have already given to the mirrored product.  Does this strategy work for you, or are there any issues we are unfamiliar with that would require us to review this product in a totally different manner? 
 What group are they in?    Sara Shackleton 06/26/2000 01:26 PM 
 I got the confirmation that you are signed up for Deriviatives I on Aug. 9 and 10, so you don't need to worry about it.  I will be taking the class too!  We are trying to track you down an office.  Our floor is completely full right now, between permanent people and contract workers, so we're having to do some shifting.  They are getting ready to rebuild the floor, maybe build some more internal offices or make some smaller, because of the lack of space.  Something y'all can relate to there in London! 
 Is Global Finance Gary Hickerson's Group?  Credit is the only group besides us that gets full access, anyone else gets more limited access.    Sara Shackleton 06/26/2000 01:32 PM 
 So paraxylene is a petrochem and not a chem?!!    Frank L Davis 06/26/2000 04:50 PM 
 Below is the link that will give you access to the referenced database.  Call me a x33399 if you have any problems.   Link --> 
 Mike,  Mary Cook is a new attorney that joined our Group yesterday.  Can you get her full access to the referenced database, and let us know when such access is granted.  Thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Credit, the referenced counterparty has now provided the letter of credit that will enable them to become an eligible swap participant.  Therefore, I am opening them up to trade financial.  They will come through as an amendment on tonight's list. 
 Per our discussion, attached is my rough draft of the Legal Script.  Just to save you the time and effort of having people read for the part, may I suggest Julia Roberts to play my role in the film.  She's already got this paralegal thing down with the Erin Brokovitch role... 
 P.S. I almost have the 6/22 list done.  There is one more counterparty credit/power is working on.  And I have the 6/23 and 6/26 lists done, I just have to write them up.  I'll have them to you soon. 
 Mike,  Can you grant George Hope with the Online Team, view access only to the Legal Online Trading Database.  Can you let us know when his approval comes in. Thanks! 
 We have received the executed Master Energy Price Swap Agreement with Belco Oil & Gas Corp. dated as of July 8, 1999.  We have also received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement wherein the trades under the existing Belco Operating Corp. Master Energy Price Swap Agreement will be assigned to the Belco Oil & Gas Corp. master.  No trading will continue under the Belco Operating Corp. master.  The two active Belco masters will be the Belco Oil & Gas Corp. master and the Belco Energy Corp. master.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I am still waiting on approval for MRT Energy Marketing Company (and my list from 6/22), pending on your determination as to whether it is a division or a subsidiary of Reliant Energy Services, Inc. 
 Stacy,  Jeff asked me to pass this on to you for handling:  Tom Nuelle (pronounced "Nelly"), Risk Manager at BP Amoco called, and said they need to assign a physical trade from one Amoco entity to another.  The trade was done w/Amoco Energy Trading and they need to assign it to Amoco Canada.  It's a Nov-March,EOL Deal no. 265080.  Tom's phone # is 281/366-4034.  Tom Moran from Credit had no problem moving the trade. 
 I would be glad to send him the link if you can send me the link.    Michael Neves 06/28/2000 02:32 PM 
 Sara, Laurel was sent the link on 6/1/00, I have no record of a request for Sheila Glover, but I am sending this email to her also.   Link --> 
 I will need to leave around 3:00 pm tomorrow. 
 Attached are the referenced lists.  I got that problem worked out on the 6/22 list and will send that to you shortly. 
 Please shut down the referenced cpy for financial trading.  I just found out they are a Bermuda corporation and I need to see if we can do financial transactions under Bermuda law. 
 Anytime!    Stacy E Dickson 06/28/2000 04:46 PM 
 I discussed this w/Frank, and wanted to make the other two of you aware, since this is a Bermuda corporation, they are only allowed to trade the US segment of bandwidth.  Since this is the only segment we are trading online yet, this isn't an issue.  But as we move forward and add more segments we are going to have to keep in mind that although a counterparty may have been open for US, we need to consider if they can trade other country based segments as we add them in the future. 
 Please add Carol St. Clair to the Credit Watch Lists for Houston and Canada. 
 Attached is the script revised w/Mark Taylor's comments. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated June 18, 2000.  Copies will be be sent Dave Samuels and Teresa Smith. 
 Teresa Smith was my contact on this one.    Louise Kitchen 06/29/2000 09:21 AM 
 Please call me with any comments or changes. 
 Attached is a list containing the new MG counterparties.  You can see it by clicking on the second tab at the bottom of the Excel spreadsheet  where it says "MG New Cpys".  Ignore the first tab.  I am told by London Legal that our deadline for responding to this list is Monday.  Bandwidth team, in talking to London Legal, per my current understanding, the only two jurisdictions approved to trade bandwidth are the US and UK.  We've got Japan and Bermuda approved to trade US segment only.  So unless we hear otherwise from you, it is our intention to give all the other counterparties "read only" access. 
 I just got an updated list.  Please ignore the one I sent you a few minutes ago. 
 Attached is a copy of the London due diligence on China.  Per my conv. w/Edmund, it appears China is a "no" for financial transactions. 
 Thanks for your response.  Yes, I I do need to know two things.  First, the group you are in, and then second, what products you are trading out of the account.  The Enron Trading Policy prohibits employees from trading in any of the products the company trades in.  Thanks!     Frank Hayden@ENRON 06/29/2000 01:04 PM 
 Thanks for your help.  I really appreciate it!  Congrats on the new baby, how's she doing!?  Getting any sleep?  How's your son taking it?  Who does she look like? 
 Can you respond? 
 We have received the following executed ISDA Master Agreement:  Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:  05/15/00  Executed Date:  06/09/00  Enron Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:  Pacific Gas & Electric Company  Transactions Covered: All products covered except pulp & paper and FX  ALL PARTIES PLEASE NOTE:  1. DIVISION TRADING.  This counterparty may elect to do additional financial trading under two divisions, its Core Procurement Department or its California Gas Transmission Department.  If the Counterparty does elect to trade under these divisions, such trades should also be done under this master agreement.  No other divisions should be approved for any financial trading for Pacific Gas & Electric Company without prior approval from Legal.  However, for regulatory purposes, payments cannot be netted between Pacific Gas & Electric Company and any/either of the two divisions.  All payments must be treated separately.  It is critical that the PAYMENT/SETTLEMENT GROUP captures this correctly.  (CREDIT, the agreement does provide for closeout netting.)  2. Canadian and US Trades:  All financial trades with this counterparty, whether entered in with Houston or Calgary traders must be done under this master agreement.  THE CONFIRMATION DESK needs to make note of this.  3. GLOBAL CONTRACTS:  When we open them up to trade online, we need to make sure that all of the financial products go under this master agreement. Under no circumstance should they see a GTC if they transact any financial product.  3. ONLINE TRADING:  It is critical that  the above information is captured correctly before we can open them up for online trading.  I will verbally confirm with each of the Online Team, Confirmation Desk, Global Contracts, and Payments/Settlements that we have this setup correctly before Legal approves them to trade online. 
 I say let them eat cake!    Stacy E Dickson 06/29/2000 01:43 PM 
 How should I respond to soybeans?  It is on the list of commodities we might trade. 
 At the request of Carol St. Clair, I am attaching our proposed amendment to the referenced master.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399, or Carol at (713) 853-3989 if you have any comments or questions.  If the amendment meets with your approval, please have two copies executed by an authorized officer of J. Aron and return them to me for signature by Enron.  Thanks for your help! 
 Luanne,  I missed a few of Carol's changes so she asked me to resend the document. Sorry! 
 I don't think your attachment was attached.    "Giessen, Luanne" <luanne.giessen@gs.com> 06/30/2000 08:47 AM 
 I just spoke to John Cameron, the lawyer for the Company and our plan is to email him, an associate of his, and Doug Thomas the draft as soon as it is ready.    I will also fax John Cameron the draft.   Tracy Ngo in Credit is working up the credit, and I am doing as much of the draft as I can pending credit.  Carol St. Clair, a lawyer in our Group here in Houston, will be reviewing the draft.  As this is moving quickly, please provide us with any updates of information.    John Malowney 06/30/2000 09:36 AM 
 We have received the following three amendments to the ETA's, as indicated below:  Letter Agreement dated May 31,2000 amending Electronic Trading Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and GPU Service, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of Metropolitan Edison Company  Letter Agreement dated May 31,2000 amending Electronic Trading Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and GPU Service, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of Pennsylvania Electric Company  Letter Agreement dated May 31,2000 amending Electronic Trading Agreement between Enron North America Corp. and GPU Service, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of Jersey Central Power & Light Company  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have finally received comments on the ISDA from the referenced counterparty.  I have sent copies to each of you.  There were substantial comments to the guaranty so I have sent a copy of the guaranty along with the comments to Clem.  Clem,  congrats on that trophy! 
 You crack me up!  Your baby report made me laugh!  Keep me posted on how the kids are doing.  I enjoy your stories.  All my home improvements are about done.  I've finally put in central air, repainted the interior, exterior, redone the hardwoods and landscaped, including a fountain in the backyard.  It looks like a new house!  The final job will be new carpets and window treatments when I can get around to it. I've been doing this for a year, and as you well know, it gets old living in a construction site.  I don't know if this is the final battle with the squirrels, or if we'll be at it again for another winter.  I thought I had most of their holes for getting in closed, but with all this new construction (the central air & heaters in my attics, with various lines coming out of the attic), I'll probably have to go through it again this winter.  I vow to prevail!  Keep in touch...! 
 John, you can take Shari Stack off these emails.  She is a lawyer working on the physical power agreements, our group works on the financial trading agreements.  Carol St. Clair is the lawyer working on this master (I'm a paralegal).  Thanks.    "Cameron, John" <johncameron@DWT.COM> 06/30/2000 11:41 AM 
 Thanks for the credit!    Tracy Ngo 06/30/2000 01:03 PM 
 Attached please find a draft of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement between Bellingham Cold Storage Co. and Enron North America Corp.  Please call Carol St. Clair, Assistant General Counsel, at (713) 853-3989 with any questions or comments you may have.  My direct dial number is (713) 853-3399. 
 You are so very welcome!    John Malowney 06/30/2000 03:13 PM 
 We really haven't used the Local Currency form in several years.  We found that we were getting requests to switch to the Multicurrency Form so frequently that we made the Multicurrency our primary form.  In the long run we have found that the Multicurrency Form gives us the most flexibility as the trading markets become more international in nature.  If you prefer the Local Currency it may take me asome time when we get back on Wednesday to compare the forms and convert the document over.  Please let me know if that is your preference.    "Mitchell, Holly" <hollymitchell@dwt.com> 06/30/2000 05:15 PM 
 I have scheduled taking Monday and Tuesday July 17 & 18 off to visit my family in New York. 
 Attached is a unilateral form of Confidentiality Agreement where Counterparty is the protected party.  This form needs a little tweaking since it is more directed for a financing transaction.  Peter can find it, as well as other forms, in the attorney forms bank.  Call me, or have Peter call me, if I can be of further help. 
 I spoke to Serge Martin, their outside counsel, and he said it's on his list, but he hasn't been able to get to it.  Maybe in another month... 
 We have received the executed Assignment and Novation of Transactions dated June 28, 2000 wherein Statoil Energy Trading, Inc. ("Assignor") assigned its interest in certain natural gas wholesale and derivatives transactions with Enron North America Corp. to J. Aron & Company ("Assignee").  A copy of the trades being assigned is attached to the assignment which will be distributed to the usual distribution group, plus Bob Klein. 
 I am a Senior Legal Specialist in the ENA Legal Department, Financial Trading Group.  I wasn't put on as a reviewer for Mike Neves, but I wanted to tell you what a good job he has been doing for our group.  I am responsible for the databases in our group.  During the past year we have had two major projects going on with respect to the databases our group uses.  First, we have had a major upgrade to an existing database, the Master Swap Agreement Database (now called the Financial Trading Agreements Database).  This upgrade including adding a number of new items within the database, as well as creating security on some of the confidential legal data maintained in the database, so the database could be opened company wide, while maintaining the secure legal information.  Second, in response to the online trading system, we needed to immediately create a database to keep track of the Legal Department's approvals of the online counterparties.  This need for this database came on quickly (as has everything associated with online trading!), and having that data available enabled us to quickly respond to our client, the online trading group.  Mike has done a wonderful job both upgrading our existing database and helping create the new online database.  His quick turnaround, understanding of our needs, attention to detail (while at the same time remaining cheerful while we, as I'm sure other groups pressed him with deadlines) has helped us meet the needs of our clients.  Mike continues to give us prompt attention when needed, and he is certainly a valuable asset to your team! 
 In case you were wondering... 
 I just wanted to give you an update on the NDA for the referenced counterparty.  I faxed your signed draft to Andrew Hausman this morning.  He finally got back to me a few minutes ago to let me know that he's looking for a lawyer on his side to review it.  He has one comments already I'll run by Mark.  Otherwise, we're waiting for him to get back with his lawyer's comments. 
 We have received the executed Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated May 30, 2000.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Per my conv. w/Carol St. Clair, Crestar commented on the ETA, but never requested that their comments be formalized as an amendment.  Per our understanding, they have not requested a signed amendment and opened the counterparty w/o any changes, so we have not pursued them.     David Forster@ENRON 07/05/2000 05:01 PM 
 Just as we got the assignment of the natgas trades in, I got a call from Anita Herrera, the attorney for Statoil, saying she is sending me an assignment of the crude trades tomorrow.  It won't be as painful a process, since she told me we they only have one or two crude trades left on the books.  Anyway, I wanted to give you a head's up (and maybe to keep any collateral you might have to cover the crude trades!)... 
 Boy, was she quick.  We appear to have only one trade to assign, so Credit, I guess you are OK with this, and Bob, you don't show any other crude trades do you? 
 Do we have a list and copies of any financial master agreements MG has in place?  When can we receive copies? 
 Mark asked me to get your input regarding a Canadian form question.  We have the following language in the Canadian ISDA Agreements:  Limitation of Rate.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall the Default Rate, Non-default Rate, or Termination Rate exceed the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged, or received on the subject indebtedness under the law applicable to such party.   For the purpose of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate of interest payable under this Agreement that is calculated on any basis other than a full calendar year is equivalent may be determined by multiplying such rate by a fraction the numerator of which is the actual number of days in the calendar year in which such yearly rate of interest is to be ascertained and the denominator of which is the number of days comprising such other basis.  Do we need to have the highlighted language exactly as it is, or can we have a general statement to the effect that the interest rate shall not exceed the maximun non-usurious rate and interest shall be paid on the actual number of days elapsed, based on a 365/366 day year?  Is there some special magic to the above highlighted language?  Thanks for your help. 
 Per Lotus Notes, it looks like Susan Flynn sent them a draft on 5/23 and hasn't heard from them.  The name of the person she sent it to was Adrian Brabham. 
 Mark spoke to Bloomberg and their attorney with Wilkie Farr, and they made substantial revisions to the form.  I just faxed a clean and blacklined draft to them and am waiting to get their approval.  Will you be around to sign? 
 We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement with Bloomberg PowerMatch LLC and Bloomberg L.P dated July 6, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Anita,  You were going to fax me the form of assignment...     "Anita Herrera" <aherrera@statoilenergy.com> 07/05/2000 06:06 PM 
 Fax no is 713/646-3490.     "Anita Herrera" <aherrera@statoilenergy.com> 07/06/2000 06:03 PM 
 Can you send him a copy of this.  Thanks. 
 Jill,  We haven't seen credit come through yet.  We can't do anything without it.    Jill T Zivley 07/03/2000 12:19 PM 
 Patricia,  I need to know what futures products you are trading? 
 Mark Elliott will be in the office from August 2 through September 23 (I believe). 
 The NYMEX may require the aggregation of any employees NYMEX trading with t= he=20 trades of the company.  In addition, Enron Company Policy prohibits employe= es=20 from trading products that the company trades, which includes NYMEX crude. = =20 In the future, please do not trade this product, or any products that the= =20 company trades.  If you have any questions about any specific products,=20 please call me, Ted Murphy or Mark Taylor.=20  By copy of this email, I am also notifying Ted Murphy with the Control Grou= p,=20 and Mark Taylor, VP and Assistant General Counsel of Trading. 
 Narsimha,  The NYMEX may require the aggregation of employees trading with the trades of the Company.  Further, Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from trading any commodities products that the company trades.  Therefore, in the future, please do not trade any products the company trades.  If you have any questions as to a specific product, please call me at x33399.    Mark Taylor 06/22/2000 08:48 AM 
 Thanks for your email.  As you aleady appear to be aware, Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from tading any products the company trades.   As you may or may not be aware, the products the company trades has expanded beyond energy commodities, we trade interest rates & currencies, pulp & paper, weather, and metals.  I am sure this product base will continue to expand.  If you have any questions about trading a particular product, please call me at x33399 (I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept.), Mark Taylor, VP & General Counsel of Trading, at x37459, or Ted Murphy, Control, at x33324.    Robert Sandling@EES 06/22/2000 09:26 AM 
 Yannis,  Thanks for your email.  Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from trading any products that the= =20 company trades.  Besides energy commodities (natgas, crude oil products,=20 power), the company also trades interest rates & currencies, pulp & paper,= =20 weather, plastics, and metals.  I am sure this product base will expand in= =20 the future.  I am sure this product base will continue to expand.  If you= =20 have any questions about trading a particular product, please call me at=20 x33399 (I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept.), Mark Taylor, VP & General=20 Counsel of Trading, at x37459, or Ted Murphy, Control, at x33324. 
 Anne,  You didn't write any message on your response, so I am not sure if you have= a=20 futures trading account or not.  Is that why you responded to Mark's email? 
 Great!  Just a heads up...Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from=20 trading the products that the company trades.  Besides energy commodities= =20 (natgas, crude oil products, power), the company also trades interest rates= &=20 currencies, pulp & paper, weather, plastics, and metals.  I am sure they wi= ll=20 continue to expand this product base in the future.  If you have any=20 questions about what you may or may not trade, please do not hesitate to ca= ll=20 me at x33399. 
 Robbi,  What impact will the advice below have on our Japanese bandwidth approvals? Right now I have them OK to trade the US segment.  Based on the advice below do you think we will need to get a license as a "telecommunications carrier"?  Should I shut Japan down for now?    Robbi Rossi@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 07/07/2000 08:51 AM 
 We have received the executed amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated June 23, 2000.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I'm working with the "Click Paper.com" legal team toward the migration of the pulp & paper trades to that website.  In oder to determine whether any of the counterparties that have actually traded pulp & paper online have amended the ETA, I need to get a list of the counterparties that have trade pulp & paper online.  Can someone down there prepare such a list for me?  Thanks! 
 Re: the Statoil Assignment  The Statoil master will not be terminated. They sold their existing natgas & crude oil book to J. Aron.  They may trade other products out of that master, or it is possible they might want to enter into future trades in those products.  So, the trades reflected in the assignment should be moved under the J. Aron master.  Everything else should remain the same. 
 You would need to talk to Mike Moscosco.  I don't know, but perhaps they don't change the report for a 1 month approval only.    Steven J Ehrig@ENRON 07/07/2000 01:36 PM 
 Gene,  As you my recall, you returned the original subcontractor letter with respect to the referenced agreement as you were unable to locate the original Project Services Agreement in Enron's files.  I was just talking to Carol St. Clair, one of the attorneys I work for, and we are of the agreement that we cannot sign this side subcontractor letter until we track down where the original agreement is.  How can we locate the orignal agreement within Enron Corp.? 
 I am working with the Click Paper.com lawyers on their online documentation, and they want to see a UK form of financial GTC.  Can you send me one?  As ever, in your debt... 
 Jeff,  We are also usually sent a page from some tax book that show the rate of withholding for each of the treaty countries.  Their rate of withholding will impact which form we may or may not need.  Can you send it to me?  Thanks!    Jeff Blumenthal 07/07/2000 04:53 PM 
 The page out of the book we were sent last year says "Treaty Withholding Tax Rates" , and under it is says "The following are US withholding tax rates for dividend, interest and royalty payments from the United States to residents of various treaty countries.  Then below there it has a list which shows the Country, Dividends %, Interest%, Patent and Know-how Royalties.    Jeff Blumenthal 07/07/2000 05:11 PM 
 Thanks as usual for the prompt response.  You are a star!    Edmund Cooper 07/07/2000 05:41 PM 
 Attached please find the lists referenced above, except the list for 7/6/00. which just has 1 declined counterparty on it. 
 I walked past that office and it still looked a little messy.  Is someone from Prjoect Rock going to clean it out? 
 Below is a new gas product.  Any issues I need to be aware of? 
 Can you send me your form(s) of Password Applications?!  Thanks!  I needed to talk to you about MG, because I am really backed up and have not been able to get to that counterparty list.  What is my drop dead date? 
 Yes, we have an ISDA in place with Georgia Pacific Corporation.    John Malowney 07/11/2000 12:27 PM 
 This counterparty came across on my online list for today.  I took a look at the master you have in your office, and to me it seems to be approved for all products, including weather & pulp & paper, just not FX.  In Susan Flynn's email she said no pulp & paper.  Which is correct? 
 Attached is the referenced amendment.  Please call me or Carol if we can be of further service. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need a Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 In order to get you phone service here, the phone people want your passport number since you don't have a social security number.  Can you provide it to Joyce Dorsey, an assistant here in Legal.  She's working with Sylvia to get your office set up.  Thanks! 
 I don't see that I got a response from Leslie on the above list.  Can you check this one too?  Thanks! 
 I was chatting with Chapman yesterday, and he tells me the movie you were in is Gladiator.  This is major!  I had no idea you were in the biggest hit of the summer, and probably the year.  How will I know which barbarian is you? Can we see your face?  Does your horse have special markings so we can tell it's you?  I'm going to have to watch it in slo mo when it comes out in video!  This is quite exciting.  I guess next thing you'll be hiring an agent (for you and/or your horse, depending on who gets better reviews?!)... 
 I thought that body looked pretty buff!  I should have known it was you.  So you got paid extra for the horse and the body double work!    Justin Boyd 07/12/2000 11:16 AM 
 At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am transmitting a copy of the referenced agreement.  If you have any comments, please call me at (713) 853-3399.  If you need to speak to an attorney, please call Mark Taylor at (713) 853-7459. If the agreement meets with your approval, please have it executed by an authorized officer and fax it to me at (713) 646-3490,    Tana Jones, Paralegal 
 I have been speaking with an ex-associate of yours from Valero and he asked me to pass on his regards to you, Peter Groetzinger.  So, REGARDS from Peter! 
 Please find attached a copy of the referenced Confidentiality Agreement. Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if you have any comments or questions.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please have an authorizied officer of the company execute it and return the signed document to me at the fax number below.  Thanks for your attention herewith.    Tana Jones Paralegal Ph:  (713) 853-3399 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 
 Please find attached a copy of the referenced Confidentiality Agreement. Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if you have any comments or questions.  If you would like to speak to an attorney, please call Mark Taylor at (713) 853-7459.  Thanks for your attention herewith.    Tana Jones Paralegal Ph:  (713) 853-3399 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 
 Please find attached a copy of the referenced Confidentiality Agreement. Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if you have any comments or questions.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please have an authorizied officer of the company execute it and return the signed document to me at the fax number below.  Thanks for your attention herewith.    Tana Jones Paralegal Ph:  (713) 853-3399 Fax:  (713) 646-3490 
 We have a list of the London attorneys and paralegals attached to our ECT Legal Dept. List that we maintain.  Do you want me to send you a list?  Where would you like me to send it to.  Do you want me to write on it, generally, their areas of responsibility are? 
 Please find attached a copy of our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  Please call me if you have any comments or questions.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please have an authorizied officer of the company execute it and return the signed document to me at the fax number below.  Thanks for your attention herewith.  I passed on your "regards" to Robbi Rossi.    Tana Jones Paralegal Ph:  (713) 853-3399 Fax:  (713) 646-3490     "Pete Groetzinger" <pgroetzinger@brentbroker.com> 07/12/2000 05:01 PM 
 Mike,  Can you arrange for George Hope to get access to this database ASAP.  Thanks! 
 Latest drafts: 
 London Legal called and the referenced US counterparty has come through the London Credit based list, and they need to know if they have a US power marketing license.  Can you let me know?  Thanks! 
 London Legal wants to know if this is done? 
 Attached is that RUSH guaranty Stuart Zisman called about.  We need to get it signed today.  We will also need the Certificate with respect to the incumbency of the officer signing the guaranty.  Thanks! 
 Ted,  Question 15 of the annual NYMEX hedge exemptions asks us to describe in detail:  "the system of internal controls administered in the supervision of the applican't risk management programs, i.e., describe the risk assessment policies and procedures in place for evaluation and supervision of risk management programs, including "stress-testing" for extraordinary price volatility, and state frequency supervision is conducted."  Attached is the response we have given the NYMEX in prior years.  Are there any changes in our procedures/control that would necessiate a change in that language? 
 Attached is the language for insertion in the confirmation. 
 Thanks Genia!    Genia FitzGerald 07/13/2000 12:43 PM 
 Attached are the descriptions of the physical power business.  Thanks for your help! 
 One of the online team is looking for someone from Legal who is working with (read "holding up things with") the Allegheny Energy people right now.  Any of you got anything going on? 
 I already know that!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 07/13/2000 04:55 PM 
 But none as good looking!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 07/13/2000 05:12 PM 
 Jealousy, jealousy...!!!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 07/13/2000 05:28 PM 
 We have received an executed Confidentiality Agreement with RedMeteor.com, Inc. dated July 12, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels for the files. 
 Thanks Kristin!    Kristin Albrecht 07/13/2000 06:51 PM 
 I spoke to Tanya and she said they only do energy trading through J. Aron, all the interest rate and currency trading is done through Goldman, so we don't need language re: that business.  Also, I ran it by her, and she does want the language in the credit rating section of the MAC about "not supported by third party credit enhancement." 
 Thanks!.  I'll fax it back to you after it's signed.    "Pete Groetzinger" <pgroetzinger@brentbroker.com> 07/13/2000 07:08 PM 
 It was good seeing you.  Thanks for dinner.  Shawna and I were waiting for your call about a coffee (she even said she'd buy!), but I guess we missed you for this trip.  She sends her regards!  I harassed Justy about his movie career.  He told me he was the body double for Russell Crowe.  I asked him whether he and/or his horse had hired agents yet (depending on who was getting better reviews!)  Keep me posted on the house.  It looked great! 
 Is this only available to the Legal Group?  There are a few people in Credit and Global Contracts that might find this helpful.  Please add me to the list.  Thanks!    Sylvia Hu@ENRON 07/13/2000 05:51 PM 
 Did you get this? 
 Serge,  That was sent to you yesterday morning.  I guess you didn't get it? 
 Hydro Quebec has forwarded to us their form of ISDA Schedule for the referenced counterparty for review.  There is no indication of what Enron business person is interested in this counterparty.  I will forward a copy of the ISDA to Mr. "Canada" Suttle, and open a Lotus Notes entry with the contact information.  We won't do anything until we receive a credit worksheet from Credit. 
 None of the counterparties on your Mexico counterparty list should be approved to trade:  any financial product, physical bandwidth, and physical power.  When I get back to the office on Wednesday, I will do up your spreadsheets.  Thanks! 
 Are there any individuals in your group that might find this seminar beneficial? 
 Please keep me on the distribution for all credit worksheets.  Thanks. 
 I spoke to Peter Keohane while you were gone about that Canadian interest change question we asked him.  You'll see, he sent us both a fax with proposed changes to that section.  When you have a minute, let's chat about what Peter told me.  It wasn't a clear answer of what to do, so we need to decide which way we want to go on this. 
 John, I've been out of the office for two days and just got in.   I take it that Cowlitz PUD is a governmental entity?  Our usual sample form does not have the governmental provisions.  I would think we would want to send them a sample with those provisions in there, because they would be rather surprised if they got a draft from us at some point and it had all these additional provisions in there.  Can you confirm for me that they are a governmental/quasi-governmental?  Also, have you requested credit from Credit?    John Malowney 07/17/2000 11:25 AM 
 We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated July 13, 2000.   A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels for the files.  Also, attached is an updated list of the Online Confidentiality Agreement for your review.  Please call me at x33399 with any comments or questions. 
 FYI:  Attached is the list of Online Confidentiality Agreements. 
 Per email below, counterparty would like to put some masters in place with us.  We will need credit before we can proceed. 
 You're the best!    Tanya Rohauer 07/19/2000 03:52 PM 
 I'm still trying to get an appointment set up with the Documentum people. One of the things I need to get from you is what is the current software you are using, so they know what software they've got to be compatible with.  Can you send me an email back.  Thanks. 
 Please handle.  Thanks! 
 There is no documentation to evidence this, it is an operation of law.  Being a legal incorporated entity means you are embodied as a legal entity after filing or creating certain organizational documents under state or federal laws (you could be a corporation, partnership,  governmental entity or other type of entity).   A division is not a separate legal incorporated entity. It is one and the same entity as the incorporated entity.   It is a "dba" (which means "doing business as") or "assumed name" for an incorporated entity. Any division of an incorporated entity can, and usually should, trade under the same master as the incorporated entity (unless the company gives us some reason elsewise).  Frequently, the dealmakers at the company may not understand that a division and incorporated entity are one and the same, or there may be a corporate policy that prohibits their trading from being aggregated.That is why we always want the name of the incorporated entity as part of the counterparty name when we transact with a division.  Examples might be "Tana Jones Inc., acting through its TLJ Company Division" or "Tana Jones Inc. d/b/a TLJ  Company" or "TLJ Company, a division of Tana Jones Inc."  Frequently, the dealmakers at the company may not understand that a division and incorporated entity are one and the same (and we may have to talk to them), or there may be a corporate policy that prohibits their trading from being aggregated with the corporate entity.  Legal and/or Credit should direct you when a division should trade under the legal entity's master.  P.S. Susan Flynn is on an extended leave of absence.     Stacey Richardson 07/20/2000 05:36 PM 
 Deb,  Can you check the VP list for Bill.  He was promoted to VP of Enron North America Corp. in January and, looking at the corporate database, his name is not showing up on the list.  Thanks! 
 In order to prepare a Confidentiality Agreement, I will need the following information:  1.  The company's full legal name 2.  Whether we want a bilateral or Enron Protected Counterparty form 3.  What is the nature of the protected information (what project or type of transaction is it for) 4.  The company's address, phone number and fax number 5.  Any timing involved for getting this signed (is there a meeting Monday morning at 9:00 am, so it's a rush, or just send it out, we're starting to talk to them) 
 Bill,  I looked, and you're not a VP of Enron Corp. either.  Maybe you need to give Rick Buy a call so we can straighten this out... 
 Per our conversation, attached is the Authorized Trader List.  Can you have Gary review it Monday when he gets back, as we are opening a new brokerage account and we need to provide the list to the brokerage firm. 
 Do you have any updates to the Pulp & Paper group? 
 Why do we want Andy to sign the draft going out?  If it's not a rush, it makes us look heavy handed to send a signed document, giving a tone like "this is not negotiable!".    Savita Puthigai@ENRON 07/21/2000 10:32 AM 
 I still need to get the following prior guaranty returned to the counterparty.   If you are not going to locate this, I need to know because I am going to have to problem solve this with the counterparty.  1.  Guaranty dated as of February 10, 1998 by PG&E Corporation in favor of Enron Power Marketing  (this would have covered physical power, not financial).  I received the original PG&E Energy Trading Corporation guaranty in favor of ECT Canada dated as of March 11, 1997 from the Calgary office, so that one is taken care of. 
 Brent Hendry, an attorney that used to be in our group in Houston, then went to Argentina, is now back.  He had review only access to the Master Swap Agreement database.  Can you get him added ASAP with full edit capability. Thanks! 
 Scott,  Is there someone else in your group who can get Brent access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database? 
 He has view access, but he doesn't have edit capability, which he needs.    Scott Cleverly 07/21/2000 03:28 PM 
 Below is the initial list of the ClickPaper.com counterparties.  As usual, let me know if you have any issues, otherwise I will consider them approved 1 day after transmittal of the list. 
 We need to set up a new database as soon as possible when you get back.  We have a new online trading system starting Tuesday, ClickPaper.com, and I will need to mirror the Online Trading Database.  Can you call me when you get back. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  I understand that the Western Area Power Administration - Upper Great Plain has been bugging us to get opened up for physical power, so you might want to give a rush approval on that one. 
 No divisions should be opened up without the legal name as part of the title of the account, or the confirms will not go out right.  You have two on the 7/14/00 list, TXU Gas Distribution, a division of TXU Gas Company, and Western Area Power Administration-Upper Great plain, a division of the United States Department of Energy.  Can you please change the name on the accounts.  I thought we came to agreement that this is what we would do for divisions, and Legal would be contacted if they wouldn't add the legal name on to the account.   The people who approve Password Applications should be sorting this out.  Can you please let me know how these two get resolved.  Thanks. 
 FYI. 
 Please note that we are in a dispute with Enage Energy US, LP with respect to power trading, and they are shut down for power trading only until such dispute is resolved.  I have already confirmed this with Stephanie. 
 Not much going on.  I'm still trying to get Documentum to do a demonstration for me.  I keep getting general marketing people, even though I tell them I'm interested only in derivatives software, and to get a derivative person to call me.  I haven't gotten anyone yet that speaks my language yet.  Then the fellow was a little condescending with me about price, like I can't afford their services.  When I first spoke to them I told them to check the Enron web page to get more information about our company but it doesn't appear that they've done their homework.  They're about to lose my business.  In the end I think Mark is agreeing with me that we're going to design our own software.  I still like IPI a lot, but they're only one component of the project.  The Confirm Desk is still really interested in getting some software, and between the two groups it might make buying software for document creation more attractive. 
 Thanks Mike!    Michael Neves 07/24/2000 11:25 AM 
 Attached is a revised draft of the Authorized Trader List.  We need to open a pulp & paper brokerage account today, so we will need to get this signed by the end of the day.  Please let me know if Ted has any comments.  If not, I will get it initialled and bring it to Ted for signature.   I am wating to hear from Sara as to whether we should add agricultural to the list.  Per Gary, the list will be the same exact list as financial.  Thanks! 
 Mary Cook signed off with a few minor changes.  Attached is the amendment with the revised numbers.  Please check them and let me know if they are OK. 
 FYI, 
 We have received a notice dated 7/10/00 from Merrill Lynch International Bank that it intends to transfer their FX business to Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd., a United Kingdom incorporated bank regulated by the SFA, effective as of the fourth quarter of 2000.  We do have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Merrill Lynch International Bank.  I am sending a copy of the notice to Gary Hickerson & Tanya Rohauer (I am also sending Tanya the financials of the new entity).  We will await Credit's instructions as to how they would like to proceed after reviewing the documentation. 
 At the request of Bill Bradford in our Credit Department, I am attaching our proposed amendment to the ISDA Master Agreement between HS Resources, Inc. and Enron North America.  Please let me know if the amendment meets with your approval.  My phone number is (713) 853-3399.  Tana L. Jones Sr. Legal Specialist 
 Do you have access to the Financial Trading Agreement database, where you can look these dates up?    Bernice Rodriguez 07/24/2000 05:31 PM 
 It is in my "forms" subdirectory, called "questionnaire-umbrella re internet trading1.doc.    Brent Hendry@ENRON 07/24/2000 06:05 PM 
 I got a call while you were away from a woman at an affiliate of National Bank of Canada, they want to see our standard form of Repo Agreement to put in place for one of their affiliates "Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc.", 1155 Metcalfe Street, Montreal, QB  H3B 5G2. The contact is Theresa Pace (French pronounced) and her # is (514) 397-5850.  I spoke to Harry Arora about it, and he said Darren Delage is working on it, and Darren is out the week on vacation and to wait til he gets back next week to send it out.  So when you have a minute, let's talk about what to do. 
 Below is a RUSH list that we need to approve by the end of the day.  From the US, the only response I expect will be from Leslie, with all declines for power.  I NEED TO HEAR FROM AUSTRALIA TODAY ON THEIR COUNTERPARTIES. 
 Gosh, I'm getting so good at this I might not need you anymore...did I not see that one coming or what!    Leslie Hansen 07/25/2000 10:00 AM 
 Jeff,  Would you handle this or would Alan, or both of you? 
 Below is John's contact as Boeing.  He would like to get some credit so we can get this counterparty an ISDA.  I understand that you are under the gun today, if you could just let us know when we might be able to get some credit.  Much thanks! 
 Mark,  I am sorry, but there seems to be a little confusion in our shop about who your attorney should be on this deal.  I was given Andrew O'Connor's name, and left him a message to which he finally responded.  He is now expecting to see this CA.  I have now been given Wesley Fredericks name as your attorney. I don't want to cause any conflict between attorneys, and wanted to get your direction as to how I should handle this.  I am Tana Jones, and I am a paralegal in the Legal Department and my phone number is 713/853-3399. 
 I have attached the referenced spreadsheet, changing my product approvals to add the new product list that Stephanie sent me (instead of th eold list Credit sent me).  One of the new products appears to be Austrian physical power.  Like the other European based physical power products, it should not be opened for the US based credit counterparties to trade, so I will not be marking it out on a going forward basis, I will just expect it to be shut down for the US based counerparties (unless I tell you otherwise on a particular one).  Is that OK with you.  Also, for Sempra, they will be coming by again on the 7/21 list (Credit opened them up for all financial power).  I had already opened them up for all financial products except weather, so it shouldn't affect my approval. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  There are only 2 counterparties for approval on this list, and I have problems with each of them.  Virginia Electric and Power Company is coming through as an amendment to add financial power.  I still cannot open them up until we resolve directly with the company what issue, if any, there appears to be doing financial products with utilities under Virginia law.  Notes in our database reflect that this was an issue and they were creating a marketing sub to do the business.  I have a call into Credit to find out who their contact is, we will have to resolve this directly with them.  Again, TXU Lone Star Pipeline is coming through as a division of TXU Gas Company, and that needs to be made part of the name. 
 I still need to see you about that Market Disruption summary for the Husky Oil Global Contract Datasheet so I can close up that file. 
 At the request of Andy Zipper, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if you have any comments or questions. 
 Alan & Harry  Since your group is the only other group besides the financial group that has a product on the pulp & paper website, it is my intention to only send the two of you their spreadsheets.  However, it appears the physical side of the business (except for power) never says no, so if you prefer, I won't send you the list.  It's up to you.  Let me know. 
 Per my conversation with Frank, Utilicorp. was originally shut down for financial because it was on the original "utility" list, when we shut down all the utilities for financial until we did the due diligence.  Since then, we are opening the utilities up, so long as they are not governmental utilities.  Second, we have since got an ISDA master in place with Utilicorp. (and moved the Aquila trades under it).  Based on the above, I am opening up Utilcorp. for all financial products. 
 The referenced counterparty has already been approved to trade all physical and financial products offered online.  I am not sure if we need to see this counterparty come through again as a Click Paper counterparty or not.  I'll let Tom decide.   For me, I'm OK. 
 David,  A clarification...  On Ergon, Macxquarie Generation, Snowy and Citipower.  You say that they should only trade Australian power and weather.  How about all the other products, US, UK, Canadian physical and financial?  I am taking it literally and not opening them up for ANY of the other products but those.  Is that a correct interpretation?    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 07/25/2000 06:01 PM 
 It is OK to sign the copy I emailed to you.  Just return the signed copy  to me via fax 713/646-3490 and I will get is signed by an authorized officer here and return it to you.  In your fax please tell me who you would like me to send the return fax to.  Thanks for your prompt attention with this! 
 I have already responded to the counterparty.    Savita Puthigai@ENRON 07/26/2000 03:37 PM 
 Done at last!  Whew, I'm whooped!  Now it's your turn to have fun! Unfortunatel, I have a call into David Minns about one issue, and I hope when he responds it doesn't change my approvals... 
 Per our conversation last night, can you take a look at my list of country product approvals and let me know if there are any updates to the information.  Thanks. 
 Try talking to Nadeem Tufail in London.  I believe he is a paralegal that is responsible for their corporate filings. 
 Leslie,  On the attached list they have PPL Electric Utilties Corporation & PPL Energy Plus as amended and new, but you didn't respond to them.  I have no record on PPL Electric Utilities, so can you treat that as a new counterparty even though it says amended.  Thanks. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  I am still waiting on 1 response for the list from the 24th. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated 7/26/00.  Copies will be sent to Andy Zipper and a copy to Dave Samuels for the files. 
 Mark said you were going to provide me with the info to do a Confidentiality Agreement for the Houston Chronicle.  What's the scoop there? 
 Attached is the referenced list.  The Bakersfield California is approved to only do newsprint commodity swaps and options.  Therefore, I have turned them down to trade the current products we have available online.  As our product base expands, we can send them through again as an amended counterparty if we offer newprint commodity swaps and options online. 
 The resolution The Bakersfield Californian provided to us when we signed the ISDA Agreement with them limited the types transactions they were approved to do with us to "...newsprint commodity price swap and option transactions." In order for us to expand the type of business they can do under the ISDA Agreement we would need a new resolution from the Company expanding the types of products they are approved to do with us. 
 Anthony, I have no idea what that questions means...    Anthony Campos 07/27/2000 02:35 PM 
 Attached please find Deemed ISDA. 
 I forgot one thing.  I have that rotted board on the garage wall near the garden, we talked about tearing that out and putting in another 2x2 or 2/4 or whatever it is, and then painting that.  Do you remember?  By the way, I can't believe you're alive.  By the way you've been quiet, I thought you were maybe in that plane too...! 
 Holly,  Attached is a sample incumbency certificate.        "Mitchell, Holly" <hollymitchell@dwt.com> 07/25/2000 11:10 AM 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:   Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, attached is our form of Letter of Credit. 
 Holly,  Having both of them included in the certificate will be fine.  Frequently, companies do not know who will be available to sign, so they list more than one signer.    "Mitchell, Holly" <hollymitchell@dwt.com> 07/28/2000 04:49 PM 
 We have received and executed Master Agreement:   Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   April 28, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.   Counterparty:   Kinder Morgan, Inc.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Pulp & Paper Foreign Exchange 
 Holly, I already mailed the documents out to meet the Fedex deadline.  Can you substitute these pages out later, or hand write the changes?    "Mitchell, Holly" <hollymitchell@dwt.com> 07/28/2000 05:31 PM 
 Alcoa Inc. has contacted us and would like to trade Aluminum online.  It appears Frank was on this initial email.  I don't know what progress, if any, has been made in getting the counterparty signed up online.  The person that contacted us is on the bottom of this email.  I will wait to see this counterparty come through on the Credit list.  P.S.  We do have a financial master in place with them in and there is nothing in it that should restrict metals trading. 
 Mr. Faragalla,  I am checking on your review of the Confdientiality Agreement referenced in our earlier email below.   When might we expect to hear some comments from you?  Please let me know. 
 Mr. Finzi,  We have heard back from you regarding the Confidentiality Agreement referenced below.  Can you please let me know when we might expect your comments?  Thank you. 
 That's the point, it wasn't on my list!  I remembered when I was standing there looking at the garden and saw the rotted board.  Also, there is a skootch of repainting that needs to be done on the same garage wall.  You didn't tell me the bathroom you were working on for your other "client" was Michelle's! 
 As a follow-up to my memo re: tax treaty countries, I called Jeff Blumenthal about Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania & Venezuela, since they were not on the list and in a separate memo, and he said that they adopted tax treaties after the Tax Code binder was published. 
 I take it by PG&E Core, you mean PG&E's Core Procurement Department.  Yes, it should go out under the master    Sheetal Patel 07/31/2000 01:56 PM 
 I need to hear back from anyone whose group may be trading with this counterparty.  Here's my issue.  We have been negotiating an amendment to the Password Application with this counterparty.  The absolutely refuse to see a GTC.  I don't know if any of you are trading gas, crude or power with them, but if you are, do you have a master, or would the counterparty see a GTC.  I'm trying to figure out what we have before we talk to them.  Thanks! 
 We have this down for signature right now.  We hope to get it out today.    John Pavetto@ENRON 07/31/2000 03:00 PM 
 Yeah, it won't go away!    Stacy E Dickson 07/31/2000 03:32 PM 
 We have received comments from the referenced counterparty with respect to comments to an Annex A to a Confirmation.  Mary Cook, a new attorney in our Group, will be working on this. 
 Remember, on the divisions, to make the incorporated entity name part of the counterparty's name! 
 No.    Tanya Rohauer 08/01/2000 10:26 AM 
 Getting back to the original questions.  Do you trade with this counterparty and do you trade pursuant to a master or a GTC? 
 I know you are just a spy so she can keep track of the progress of my garden.  Why, just the other day I came home from work and caught her in my backyard!! 
 Have you heard from The Houston Chronicle? 
 Do you want me to follow up with them?    Louise Kitchen 08/01/2000 11:33 AM 
 Is there someone in our group that is working on this.  I looked in Lotus Notes and didn't find any entry for this. 
 Is someone from our group working on this? 
 John,  Mark left a message for you yesterday.  He needs to discuss this comment with you.  Can you please call him.  Thanks! 
 fyi 
 Dave,  Leslie Hansen is going to review your NDA.  Her number is x36121.    Dave Samuels 08/01/2000 03:32 PM 
 I'm trying to get a copy of the agreement on the gas side to see what you've done before.  Debbie Brackett says she knows what agreement you're talking about.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Fix all!  I need to tell Peter and Nancy when you'll be in their apartment. 
 Carol,  Engage faxed us their form of Coastal Corporation Guaranty.  It is not clear to me looking in the file what I should compare it to to make sure it is OK. It looks like our form of guaranty, but it is not the one I sent them.  What do I need to do here?  Also, in terms of the approved amendment, I see one in the file with some hand marked changes.  Are those changes agreed to and is that what we should sign?  Hope all is going well...    Carol St Clair 07/19/2000 12:54 PM 
 With respect to your inquiry as to whether there was any assignment executed with respect to the assignment of the Howard trades to TXU, I looked in the file and it appears that Susan Bailey in our Group prepared an Assignment and Termination Agreement which she passed on the Brant Reves in Credit on 1/6/00 for handling.  There is no record of this assignment ever being executed in our records. 
 Brenda,  I am forwarding this email to you, because attached to the bottom is a presentation that Mark wants to copy to put slides in his presentation. 
 Nella,  Do you have a master agreement in place with Pacific Gas & Electric if you trade with them, or do you trade under GTC's? 
 Who at the West Desk should I speak to?  We don't usually talk with the physical traders. 
 Stephanie,  Can you provide Travis, the ClickPaper lawyer, with a copy of the Japanese ETA? 
 Please fax the signed agreement to 713/646-3490.  If you have any questions call me at 713/853-3399.  Thanks.    "George Emerson" <gemerson@sportsrocket.com> 08/03/2000 09:07 AM Please respond to gemerson 
 I looked thru the attached 10K for NSTAR and could find no "NSTAR Companies" entity listed there.  Maybe you'll have better luck, or are smarter and will find it (since I failed so miserably on you know what today!). 
 Yes, you can fax me the invoice and statement. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  Please note:  7/31/00 List - I am not opening up Equitable Gas Company, because it does not say a division of Equitable Resources Inc.  I thought that was our deal. 8/1/00 List- I cannot review NSTAR Companies yet.  There is some question as to whether that is a correct legal entity. 
 Anyone know anything about this? 
 All's I need now is your email w/instructions. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with Spear, Leeds & Kellogg dated July 31, 2000.  A copy will be sent to John Pavetto and to Dave Samuels for the files. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 04/18/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I will redo the 7/31/00 list with the Equitable approval.    Stephanie Sever 08/04/2000 10:24 AM 
 Credit wants to open up the referenced counterparty immediately.  They are approved to trade all physical products, except physical power, and can trade all financial.  I will follow up with this counterparty profile on today's approvals. 
 Attached is a copy of the amended ETA that Carol sent you in early July. Please let me know if the changes meet with your approval. 
 Sure.  Maybe after running we could get cleaned up and go take a look.  Do you still want to go to the movies?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 08/04/2000 03:18 PM 
 Today after work would be fine if you want to?!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 08/04/2000 05:22 PM 
 Tracy, is there some particular reason I'm getting this notice?   Debra Perlingiere is the paralegal that does the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreements. 
 Attached is the referenced amendment.  Let me know if it meets with your approval.  Make sure you check my numbers. 
 I've got  several European counterparties on my 8/3/00 ClickPaper Online List, the UK, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden and France.  Are there any restrictions on trading financial pulp & paper in Europe?  Everything going well...? 
 We have received the following executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   July 28, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   Bellingham Cold Storage Co.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Foreign Exchange 
 Bob,  John Viverito, an attorney from Houston who is temporarily in Japan setting up our Japanese trading office, is looking for the templates for confirmations for US weather and pulp and paper confirmations.  Can you send the confirmations to him.  Thanks! 
 Legal has signed off on the counterparty, so I expect it is being held up with the online team for some reason.    Mary Griff Gray 08/07/2000 08:44 AM 
 Just an heads up, they are open to trade physical power, which I expect is what they want to trade, but not financial.    Mary Griff Gray 08/07/2000 09:00 AM 
 Yes, the only weather representations we need are now always covered in the confirmation.  As far as thru what entity they trade, I support whatever Lotus Notes says.    Brent Hendry@ENRON 08/07/2000 09:05 AM 
 Dave,  This should do it...       David Forster@ENRON 08/04/2000 07:51 PM 
 Because they are a governmental entity, in order to do financial our lawyers would need to talk to them about their authorizing statutes, legislative authority and possible legal opinions before they can trade financial.  So if they want to trade financial, get me a name and phone number, probably of one of their lawyers and we'll have to talk to them.    Mary Griff Gray 08/07/2000 09:33 AM 
 We have a new paralegal starting in our group today, Stephanie Panus.  Can you get her full access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  Thanks! 
 Tanya forwarded the attached confirm on to me.  Are we supposed to have that weather rep also in confirmations when we trade under a master? 
 Below are the international lawyers who need to be notified of form changes. Notify them only when forms are completed (not as they might be evolving). Also, they should be using the swap forms in the attorney bank, so they need to know where they are located.  Justin Boyd, London Edmund Cooper, London Mark Elliott, London Paul Simons, London Peter Keohane, Calgary Martin Rosell, Oslo Matthis Lee, Singapore David Minns, Australia John Viverito, Japan 
 I thought this was what we were already doing.  Sara, Mark, wasn't that your understanding?    Brent Hendry@ENRON 08/07/2000 10:45 AM 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated as of August 1, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels for the files. 
 Can you handle this? 
 And here I thought you were inviting me to a barbecue!    Mary Cook 08/07/2000 12:46 PM 
 Per your request. 
 Thanks Edmund.  You're the best!    Edmund Cooper 08/07/2000 02:04 PM 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Please note the following:  James Hardie N.V. is a Netherlands counterparty.  They can enter into swap transactions only, no options.  As we expand the product list, we will have to note this. Societe Industrielle de Transports Automobile:  I have them shut down for now until I speak to the London office tomorrow about bankruptcy/setoff issues in France. 
 What do you mean "Happy Hour"?!  How can we be happy when we're losing our Erica!! 
 I looked in the Lotus Notes database, and I didn't see anything about this. Unless Susan is working on this, I know nothing...    Larry Joe Hunter 08/08/2000 10:17 AM 
 The Assignment and Amendment to the Assignment was faxed to Vangie McGilloway and the orginals are being fedexed to her tonight.  A copy is being sent to Tracy. 
 We have received the executed Second Amendment to the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of July 31, 2000.  This amendment changes the Counterparty's exposure Threshold and exempts certain Transactions when calculating "Exposure" under Paragraph 3 of the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I left a message with both Clement Abrams and his paralegal, Carol Essig, about the information you are requesting.  I told them you needed an immediate response.  If you don't hear from them within the next 1/2 hour let me know. 
 What is this attached list?  Have I seen it before?    Camille Gerard@ENRON 08/08/2000 06:07 PM 
 Attached is my list where I approved this initial counterparties. Whew...!!!  As you can see, I opened National Gypsum w/o restrictions.  I have a database where I keep track of my approvals, unfortunately, the computer people are really busy and can't add my drop downs for pulp and paper approvals until late this week/early next week.  After reviewing thousands of online counterparties, I can't keep track of what I'm telling people without my systems in place! 
 With respect to he Bakersfield Californian on the list below, I am amending my original approval for this counterparty to approve them to enter into newsprint swaps and options only.  At this time our list does not reflect the individual products you are trading.  I understand from Mark Taylor that he spoke to Jeff Harbert last night about amending your excel spreadsheet to add the individual pulp and paper financial products, since restrictions such as this one will occur from time to time. 
 At Mark Taylor's direction, I have revised the Bilateral Confidentiality Agreement form to add a new Paragraph 2 with respect to keeping the discussions confidential.  A copy is attached for your files. 
 Attached are the referenced lists.  A few things to note:  On the 8/7/00 List:  Papier Masson, LTEE can transact all pulp and papers swaps, but not options (when we have them).  On the 8/8/00 List:  Globe Building Materials, Inc. has been shut down from trading financial since they are currently not an eligible swap participant ("ESP") in their own right.  However, getting a letter of credit in place would make them an ESP, and Credit has requested a letter of credit from them.  As soon as they receive the LC, Credit will pass the counterparty through again for re-approval. 
 On the referenced list, Credit shows River Trading Company as an amended counterparty, but I didn't have them at all so I treated them like a new counterparty.  On the 8/8/00 List, Braintree is a division, and I would like it to read: City of Braintree, Massachusetts Electric Light Department. the name on Spinnaker is wrong, Credit will be correcting it to read Spinnaker Exploration Company L.L.C. 
 I just wanted to confirm that your records show the referenced counterparty closed for power...? 
 With the forms relocation, forms list.doc needs to be revised to reflect their new location. 
 I have gotten a phone call from Hydro-Quebec checking on the status of this. Can we expect a credit worksheet for an ISDA comparison? 
 I'm going to try someone else. 
 In the future, if we have a city or a county come through, we need to identify the state they are located in as part of the counterparty name.  The City of Huntsville is an example where I took it to be the the City of Huntsville, TX, and, per my conversation with Tom today, it appears they are the City of Huntsville, AL.  This isn't going to be a problem with my financial approval, since I shut down all cities for financial unless we have a master in place, but it might be a problem for power.  The same would apply to counties.  So, if we get cities and counties in, let's try and make the state part of the counterparty name.  Leslie, do you have any problem w/Huntsville, let me know? 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Please see the change for power on Turlock.  I will be out of the office Friday and Monday. 
 Just a followup, Stephanie needs full access ASAP.  Can you let her know when her access is granted.  Thanks! 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated July 27, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I have redone the attached list to open up Equitable for everything but physical power. 
 Mark Taylor asked me to respond to your request about the OMLX  software.  I spoke to Mark Elliott in our London office who dealt directly with the OMLX. He said to contact Susan Gill at the OMLX, who we spoke to on the agreements, and she should be able to direct you to their software people.  Her number in London is 011 44 171 815 8510.  Let me know if I can be of further service. 
 No, the City of Huntsville is not approved for financial trading  or physical power.  FYI< with the US based customer list (online and offline), we will never approve a governmental entity for financial trading unless we have a master in place, or time to do some due diligence on their authority to enter into financial transactions.    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/10/2000 05:52 PM 
 I do believe if I got just one more vote for the Chairman's Award this year, I just might double my tally of last year (one vote).  With such an increase in my voter approval rating I just make have a landslide victory this year!  The White House may become an option... 
 I just got in from Aspen.  This Sunday looks good for me for Carol's birthday.  Is Holly going, she might like to...?  In terms of a townhome, I think that would be nice, also Garden Oaks.  It seems like you are kinda all over the place, though, and you might want to be careful making "emotional" home buying decisions...  As far as not hearing back from Enron.  I wouldn't think anything of it. They told me they absolutely wanted me and then I didn't hear back from them for two months.  Big companies have lots of layers to get anything done. Just keep plugging on...    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 08/15/2000 02:59 PM 
 I should have realized Anthony was bucking for the Chairman's Award!  If I had known that...!!!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 08/15/2000 02:12 PM 
 Heard anything on that amendment to the ISDA? 
 Thanks!    Mark Powell\CAL\ECT Sent by: Mark Powell 08/15/2000 03:17 PM 
 Holly would be a good one to invite.  She and Carol are real good friends. Lucinda really doesn't know Carol all that well, so I think I'd skip her. Holly's work # is (281) 364-5207.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 08/15/2000 05:12 PM 
 No response yet.  I have a call into Credit to discuss what entities we want to trade with. 
 Global counterparty is trying to locate online corporate search companies that can check company names in Europe and Canada.  In the U.S. we can access this information via Westmate in Westlaw.  Are either of you aware of any online search company, or can you direct me to someone who may be aware of an online search company, for Canada and Europe?  If there are no online search companies available, is there a reasonably priced corporate search company that can verify this information for us?  I appreciate your help. 
 We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of July 5, 2000.  This amendment changes the Material Adverse Change Clause in the Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 FYI, executed master distribution list. 
 We have received the following executed documents:  Consent to Assignment dated as of June 12, 2000 between Merchant Energy Group of the Americas, Inc. ("MEGA") and ENA, wherein MEGA assigned to Morgan Stanley Capital Group, Inc.  its interest in certain financial transactions it had entered into with ENA; and  Amendment to Consent to Assignment dated as of June 13, 2000 wherein  MEGA, ENA and Morgan Stanley agreed that the Transactions assigned in the above Agreement will be governed by the ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and Morgan Stanley.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Tauton is ok for all products, except for financial products (it can do power).  David, when I talk about this I am never including credit derivatives unless Credit specifically tells us in their spreadsheet that this is a credit derivatives counterparty.    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/15/2000 05:32 PM 
 When you say they are approved, do you mean they are approved for all products, or just Australian products?    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/15/2000 05:28 PM 
 Unbeknownst to me, it had been returned to me and was buried under stacks of papers on my desk.  I'll get it out today.    Leslie Hansen 08/16/2000 08:19 AM 
 1.  What is the heading styed "Derivatives Trading"?  I think that should be "Credit Derivatives".  2.  Move "Gas Trading" and "Emerging Markets Trading" to the end of the list, since I never have any responses from those groups.  3.  I need you to fix the boxes where I click for approved, "yes", "yes, with limitations", or "no", so I can unclick them if I click them by mistake.  4.  Like we have the sort for Houston or London, I need a sort for "EnronOnline" and "ClickPaper".  I will maintain my approvals for each of those separate online trading databases in the same database.  5.  I need a new category for "Pulp & Paper Financial".  Can you get these done ASAP, since I am sure by now you have gotten your rush from last week done....  As usual, your help is always appreciated! 
 Nella Cappalleto has early retired from the Calgary office.  In your distribution memos for signed documents, copies of Canadian agreements were previously sent to Nella.  Please send them to Peter Keohane's new assistant, Sharon Crawford. 
 Do you know who is this fellow and why is he sending me a list? 
 Thanks to you and Scott for your help, I appreciate it!  I hope all is going well... 
 Mike,  Checking on the status of getting Stephanie Panus, a new paralegal in our Group, full edit access to the referenced database.  Also, we need to get some additional people full edit access:  Matt Dawson, who just started in London Legal, and David Minns, a lawyer in our Australia office.  Can you let me and each of these people know when they have access.  Thanks! 
 Camille, you're not waiting on anything from me to resolve the "Bakersfield Californian Issue", are you? 
 With respect to the attached list, a few things:  1.  With respect to Dynegy Power Marketing, my records reflect that they are approved for all products (including financial & power).  Can you let me know if your approvals reflect otherwise?  2.  With respect to Nicor Gas Company and Northern Illinois Gas Company: Northern Illinois Gas Company should be restyled to be "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company".  We have just received the executed ISDA Master with this entity and that is how the counterparty directed us to set the master up.  Nicor Gas Company appears to be their physical gas trading arm, so that entity name should be left alone.  I haven't forgotten the 8/11/00 list, I am waiting to hear back from Australia about a question. 
 Do you want to be on the distribution to see the daily Excel Spreadsheets when they have Japanese counterparties for approval?  For online, what I daily do is send my new counterparty lists to each of the relevant trading legal groups.  Each of the legal trading groups has one day to respond or I will consider their products approved for the counterparties on that day's list.  I have been giving the approvals for Japanese counterparties. Currently, I am approving them for all products (with the only restriction being on bandwidth, where they can only trade the US segment, which happens to be the only bandwidth products we have opened online so far!).   I understand that when we offer Japanese based products the approval process may get more complex.  Saying all that, do you want to be on the list for the daily approvals, or do you want me to continue to respond for Japan w/o running it by you? 
 Can you put this on my calendar.  Thanks.    Taffy Milligan 08/16/2000 06:47 PM 
 Each legal trading group here in Houston checks on a relevant counterparty's ability to trade its products.  So far the only physical trading area where a governmental counterparty appears to have problems is the power trading group where there are licensing requirements that may or may not have been obtained to trade power.  For financial trading we do have to inquire into the relevant governmental entities' authority to enter into derivative transactions.  In order to do that we look at statutory authority, any relevant local regulations, investment policities, etc., in addition to obtaining legal opinions on the subject, and with some counterparties hiring outside counsel to advise us.  For most governmental entities if we do not have an ISDA Master in place and have already done such due diligence, I will not be approving them to trade financial products.  As far as the financial test, for the US based counterparty list, I check with Credit on every counterparty to determine whether they meet the US eligible swap participant standards.  As I'm sure you know, for most plain vanilla corporates and partnerships this means having total assets of $10mm or a net worth of $1mm.  Pretty much, if I am turning down a counterparty to trade financial it will be because they do not meet the ESP test or they are a governmental or quasi-governmental entity.  If what you are telling me is that the Australian counterparties have to meet a $6mm asset test to trade any products, then I will add this to my daily inquiry to Credit and turn down Australian counterparties if they do not meet this test.  At your direction I will handle this in this manner.  How would you like me to proceed?     David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/16/2000 07:58 PM 
 Justin,  I approved Powercor to trade before I left last night.  By copy of this email to our online team here, I will be notifying them of your concern that this counterparty is opened to trade when you arrive at work today in Australia.    Justin.Timothy@ect.enron.com 08/17/2000 12:24 AM 
 John,  Here is the list from yesterday.  On a going forward basis I will just add you to my distribution, and there will usually be no message from me unless we have a RUSH approval or some other info I need to communicate. 
 The online team called and they would like a rush approval for Duke Energy Merchants LLC.  In particular, this counterparty would like to trade European physical coal.  Please let me know as soon as possible whether you have any problems with this counterparty. 
 Just to keep you in the loop on things.  Lee sent me the following email and I'm following up trying to figure this out.  I spoke to Debbie Brackett in our Credit Dept. when I got back from London and she seemed to be aware of the contract Lee has been talking about.  I'm trying to get a copy of the agreement from Debbie so I can figure this out.  I'll keep you posted.  How are things going there?  Same old grind?! 
 Keep me posted on what you find out from this corporate search company.  I'd be interested to see what prices we can work out.  I am also going to contact Kate Cole and see if she uses anyone special.  If Enron Corp. does and they have negotiated any special rates, maybe we can piggyback off of it.  I'll keep you posted. 
 No problema!    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 08/17/2000 09:14 AM 
 David,  Mark Taylor asked me to talk to you about getting your ISDA Masters inputted into our Financial Trading Database.  This databse is the central master database where we keep records of the financial agreements in either draft form or that have been executed.  London currently updates this database to manage  its (and Singapore's) financial contracts and I would like to get the Australian agreements plugged into the system.  This database serves a number of purposes.  First, it is our core memory of contract negotiations.  Anyone in Legal and Credit around the world can take a look at this database and determine who we have entered into contract with and what negotiation issues may be at issue.  It is critical as we become a global trading company that we are consistent in the legal positions we take on these financial contracts.  For instance, it would be quite problematic if someone in Houston was negotiating a contract with an ISDA counterparty and asserted that a certain position was critical, if we find out a lawyer in another office was negotiating with the same counterparty and gave on the same position the day before.  We need to make a somewhat coordinated effort on the counterparty front.  In addition, with so many masters and so many counterparties there is just no way to keep track of what we have said or done unless we have a database.  Further, we use the information in the database to respond to inside auditing, reporting and insurance inquiries.  For online trading, I check the database to see if we have a financial master agreement and what trading restrictions we may or may not have in place. Global contracts uses this database to confirm their financial contract records and approval for online trading.  For both Houston and London we use the database to communicate with our Clients, whether traders or  back office support people.  Employees outside legal have  limited view access only to see all the information except the confidential Legal and Credit comments.  They have no edit capabilities.  The database also has some reporting functions that we and London Legal have found helpful.  You should have gotten my email to Mike Neves, out database coordinator requesting full edit access for you.  It usually takes a few days.  Once you get access maybe you could find some time to surf the database, and we can figure out how to get your ISDA data inputted..  Are you coming to the ENA Legal Conference in October?  That would be a good time for me to do a full review of this database with you. 
 I heard back from the coal lawyers.  Duke is approved to trade all coal. 
 Mark Taylor just heard that Edmund is very sick and has been out for quite awhile.  What's the scoop?  Is he in the hospital, will he continue to be out, is there someplace we can send flowers?  Can you let me know what's going on.  Thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Frank, this counterparty wants to trade weather online.  However, they have the old style ERMS Master in place which only covers energy commodities.  I spoke to Scott Tackett on the Confirm Desk, and he is going to add language to the confirm that puts the trades under the master agreement.   I also spoke to Tanya Rohauer in Credit and she is going to move this counterparty up on the list for an ISDA replacement master.  So, they are OK to open for weather. 
 Can you please have the Password Application amended to set up the counterparty as I have indicated.  Then tell Global Contracts it is done. 
 Per Leslie Hansen, the name above is the way the Town of Braintree, Massachusetts is setting up their power contract, so this is the way we should open them up for EOL. 
 I have already responded in my initial email.  For whatever reason, the counterparty trades physical gas as "Nicor Gas Company".  They trade financial as indicated below.    It is now up to EOL to get back with the counterparty and get them to amend the Password Applcation.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 08/17/2000 11:04 AM 
 We have received the First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated  as of July 1, 2000 ("Amendment").  This Amendment (1) amends Counterparty's Threshold under the Credit Suport Annex, (2) exempts certain Transactions when determining "Exposure" under the ISDA Master Agreement, and (3) changes the Fixed Price with respect to the "Exempt Transactions" reflected in the Amendment.  Copies will be distributed. 
 There appears to be confusion over who and what products we should be trading with these entities.  We have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company.  This is a new master.  If the counterparty is not set up this way it need to be.  Physical gas has a master in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company.  There is no master agreement in place with Nicor Gas Company and the only trading being done with this entity is online gas trading.  The issue that needs to be resolved is whether we want to trade gas under both Northern Illinois Gas Company and Nicor Gas Company.  Frank Davis will resolve this issue with Tom Moran in Credit and Stacy Dickson with physical gas Legal, and they will let us know who we should be trading with.  When we hear back from them we can finally resolve what counterparty names we want to set up and get back to the counterparty if we have not received the correct Password Application to match out intended trading partners.  Sorry for all the confusion this is causing.  I am confused too. 
 Per the memo below, we are looking for European and Canadian corporate search companies, and it occurred to me that you may already have someone you use. Do you have any recommendations?  Thanks for your help! 
 I approved this counterparty with US EOL this morning to trade all coal including European coal.    Edmund Cooper 08/17/2000 04:09 PM 
 Edmund,  I heard yesterday you have been out for quite a while sick.  I had no idea. What's the scoop?  Should I be worried? 
 Per the email below, it appears to me physical gas should be traded only under Nicor Gas Company and financial through the dba.  Do you agree? 
 I had a hernia two years ago.  It's not fun.  Mine didn't sound as bad as your does, though.  You haven't been having a good year.  I hope things improve.    Edmund Cooper 08/17/2000 04:22 PM 
 It is not clear to me what Braintree's should remain open.  Will we shut down this Town of Braintree and only keep open Braintree Electric Light Department? 
 Is this OK with you for yur financial agreement? 
 Doug,  I'm passing this on to Mark Taylor for review.    Douglas S Friedman 08/17/2000 05:34 PM 
 In addition to granting full edit access to David Minns in our Australia office, he has also required that Alison Keogh and Rob McGrory in his office be granted access.  Can you let them know when they have full edit capability.  Thanks 
 I think if once you get full access  you could have your assistant plug in the required data for on each ISDA Master in place or draft you have out to counterparties.  When you come here I would like to spend just a little time going over some of the data and the reporting funtions.  I am going to open an Enron counterparty called short name "Enron Australia" and that should be the code name you should use.  Please do not change the entries on any of the Houston or London based counterparties.    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/17/2000 06:31 PM 
 I'll have to go get one this weekend. 
 All my students are doing so well!  I'm just so proud (sniff, sniff..)! 
 He's a bum!    Peter Keohane 08/18/2000 09:53 AM 
 Per our conversation, I am attaching a proposed form of Unanimous Consent of the Board of Directors of Brant-Allen Industries, Inc. ("Company") that would expand the Consent of Directors given to us when we executed the ISDA Master Agreement in 1998 to do more than just the single trade referenced in that resolution.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have it executed by the directors of the Company and return a copy to me for our files.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399.  In addition, can you confirm one thing for me.  There is a note in our file that says documents for the Company require two signatures.  I looked at the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws you provided us and find no such signatory requirement.  Is this note an error? 
 FYI! 
 I left a message for both Molly and Brad Diebner and neither has returned my calls.    Sara Shackleton 08/21/2000 08:24 AM 
 Per your request... 
 I am taking Wedneday p.m. off to deal with furniture deliveries. 
 Do you know what to do here? 
 I'm helping Alan Aronowitz out with a presentation he has to give on the global energy markets and I was thinking that Paul recently did a presentation and maybe there might be some good slides on the European markets that I can pull in.  Can you locate, or find someone to locate, Paul's presentation, and email it to me.  I hope you get out of work at a decent hour today.  I bet you could use a beer with all the late nights you've been putting in.  How's the house going?  Thanks for your help! 
 Per,  Did the link work?  If you would like me to go over the information in the database with you give me a call at x33399.    Per Sekse 08/21/2000 08:54 AM 
 Call me at 853-3399 if you have any questions. 
 Is this forever, or just for the week?    Leslie Hansen 08/22/2000 09:14 AM 
 Should I take David off?    Leslie Hansen 08/22/2000 09:14 AM 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated July 31, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 At Sara's request, attached is a draft of the blackline of the referenced master. 
 I am getting ready to fax you the Cancellation Agreement which has been executed by an officer of ECT.  I have two originally executed copies which I would like to overnight to you for execution and I need your address.  Can you please email it back to me.  Much thanks! 
 Susan Bailey, the paralegal working on this master, spoke to the Company after receiving these emails.  They faxed to her a copy of the assumed  name certificate wherein Northern Illinois Gas Company transacts business under the name Nicor Gas Company.  Per her conversations they have not changed their name, they are only operating under the assumed name Nicor Gas Company.  Being so, the online account would have to be renamed as Northern Illinois Gas company dba Nicor Gas Company.  Per my conversation with Stacy Dickson, a physical gas lawyer, they still transact physical gas under their master with Northern Illinois Gas Company.  I will have a copy of the assumed name certificate walked down to Adnan.  If we are all in agreement after this, it seems like we need two counterparty names "Northern Illinois Gas Company" and "Northern Illinois Gas Company dba Nicor Gas Company".  Upon receipt of the assumed name certificate, please confirm your agreement and I will contact Credit and the Online team.    Stacey Richardson 08/17/2000 04:49 PM 
 Attached is a picture of baby Davies.  What a cutie! 
 He is absolutely adorable.  What a sweet smile!    Derek Davies 08/23/2000 09:16 AM 
 Leslie,  Theresa Mandola with EOL called and the referenced counterparty called her and is already trading gas with us and would like to start trading power online.  I looked in my database and we have them shut down for power.  Is this a counterparty we could open up for power or not? 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule and Credit Support Annex to the referenced ISDA Master Agreement.  Can you please provide or confirm the following information:  (1) since the Counterparty is Australian, I have added the Counterparty's ACN Number to the document.  Can you please provide that number to us.  (2) Can you take a look at the definition of "Obligors" in the Credit Support Annex and let us know if it references the correct Obligors under the Loan Agreement.  Since I will not be in the office this afternoon, can you please call Sara at (713) 853-5620 or Stephanie Panus at (713) 345-3249 with your comments. Thanks for your attention herewith. 
 Per my conversation with Leslie, it is OK to open this counterparty for all US physical power. 
 You both may already by aware of this, but the online team has contacted me and it is their desire to have the Japanese & Australian products also offered out of the U.S. by Enron North America.  They would continue to be offered by their current companies, "Enron Australia" and "EnronJapan", but they want the products sold "24 hours a day" and I guess to do this they would be offered also by Enron North America.  Do you see any legal issues from your side with a your Japanese or Australia products being offered by Enron North America too? 
 I can't say it enough...you are the best!    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 08/23/2000 12:07 PM 
 Here is that "Umbrella" guaranty we were talking about.  Why don't you print it out and then let's go over the changes that need to be made... 
 Per Lisa Mellencamp, can you add my name to the list of counterparties who are either bankrupt or in workout.  I understand that you will have a list by the end of the day.  Thanks. 
 Did you get the email of the documents I sent you, soon after we spoke?    michael.mulligan@americas.bnpparibas.com 08/24/2000 11:21 AM 
 Shari,  To save you some time in the future, if a counterparty says "declined" on the worksheet, you don't even have to look at it at all, because it means Credit has decided not to trade with them.    Shari Stack 08/24/2000 03:00 PM 
 I am forwarding a copy of Leslie's email, as a sample for you.  I input Leslie's responses in my EOL Legal Database, so I can keep track, product by product, of what we said for a counterparty, and then our rationale behind it, in case we need to reconstruct why we said "no trading" at a later date. If it's an "amended" counterparty, she will tell be whether or not she is changing an earlier approval.  Further, I put Leslie's notes about any particular contract issue in the database, like "override letter", "online GTC", or whatever.  Again, it's our memory of what we approval, and I hope with thousands of approvals out there, I know I can't remember everthing. 
 I need a quick reply on a ClickPaper counterparty below.  If I do not hear from you I will take it that it is OK. 
 This counterparty looks OK to trade all products right now.  We have the ISDA master out for signature.    Camille Gerard@ENRON 08/25/2000 10:11 AM 
 Souad,  In connection with the confirm I sent you earlier, I am also attaching a form of fax letter for transmittal of the confirm to the Counterparty. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under a financial confirmation.  We will need the standard executed copy.  The confirmation requires that we deliver the Guaranty within 5 days.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Louis,  The brother of the kids downstairs is renovating a house in the Heights and needs an electrician to rewire or do a new fuse box or something.  Do you think that your electrician would want to give them a bid on the job, or do you have someone else to recommend?  They hired someone, who has in effect, taken their money and run, and their house sits, unable to proceed on the rest of the renovation work, until they can get the electric work done.  Thanks. 
 Attached please find Deemed ISDA Confirmation and Form of Transmittal Fax to Counterparty. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under a financial confirmation.  We will need the standard executed copy.  The confirmation requires that we deliver the Guaranty within 5 days.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 It's time for our regular Friday evening email chat!  Hope your doing well. What's the scoop on your surgery?  I've got a few new products showing up on my list, originating from your neck of the woods.  Specifically, we've got MG metals out of Rotterday and Japan. Are there any legal issues for my Houston based customer list, or are they OK for everybody? 
 There is no list for 8/21/00, since the only counterparty was a decline. I've got two metals products shut down on the above lists until I hear back from London. 
 I just got a phone call from Mike Garred, a commodity trader for New Power Company.  He said they were some Enron 50/50 JV.  Whatever he needs to trade with us, LC or whatever, he's rearing to go ASAP.  He is wondering where his application is in the online process.  He is very eager to trade power & gas.  His phone no. is 853-3399.  He said his email says he's not in, but leave him a message he's checking them regularly.  His Credit person is Steve Nolan, located in Connecticut at 203/531-0400. 
 Per our discussion, I am attaching a sample form of ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13.  They, of course, should be sent to the Counterparty with the ISDA Master Agreement and Credit Support Annex attached. 
 That job I passed on your resume to in our group, I checked, and they still haven't started interviewing people yet, since Barbara is on vacation dropping her daughter off at college. 
 The wine tasting sounds great!   I haven't been to one in awhile.  It's always good to see Hollis too.  Keep me posted...    Mary Cook 08/28/2000 09:30 AM 
 The question of the day is, do you have access to our Lotus Notes Database? 
 There's a reason why you earned the title of "Favorite Credit Person (after Bill)"...!    Russell Diamond 08/28/2000 02:46 PM 
 Don't you remember at Sara's party, we were talking to Bill, and telling him how you were our favorite Credit person, and he said, "but I thought I was your favorite Credit person...", and since he is your boss, it seems quite political (for both you and me!) that he is always #1, anyway...a girl's always got to hedge her bets...!!    Russell Diamond 08/28/2000 03:12 PM 
 It was really good talking to you the other day.  You've been on my mind for a while.  I hope you can come visit! 
 I can't believe a girl wouldn't call you back after a date...    Russell Diamond 08/28/2000 03:30 PM 
 We have received an executed Master Agreement:   Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   July 13, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   Media General, Inc.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Foreign Exchange 
 You crack me up!    Russell Diamond 08/28/2000 03:38 PM 
 Even though it is pretty frequent that this does happen (1 out of 25 masters) I think it would be fine to add this into Library.doc.  I am working on a revised draft that I hope to distribute to the group, so if you have anything else you want entered, forward it on to me.    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 08/28/2000 04:03 PM 
 I do not appear to have it.    Mary Cook 08/28/2000 04:25 PM 
 Oh guru of all things Canadian...  I'm working on comments to an ISDA that Hydro-Quebec sent us for an affiliate, HQ Energy Services (U.S.) Inc., which is a Delaware corporation. Is there anything special about Hydro-Quebec being the Guarantor, or just the usual considerations having a governmental entity as the guarantor?  By the way, I hope you're coming up for the Legal Conference.  There are many problems at Enron that need our help in getting sorted out, those kinds of problems that lots of margaritas seem to bring out!  I'm counting on you! 
 You are a star!  When are you going to get back to Houston?  There's problems going on right and left at Enron I think we need to solve! 
 I'll go for that picking up the cigarettes off the floor thing, it seemed somewhat unsanitary anyway.  But if you get so wimpy that you can't survive a drink or two with your buddy down south of the border (female at that!)...well, we need to toughen you up man!  Repeat after me:  "PARTY, PARTY, PARTY!!!"    Peter Keohane 08/28/2000 06:02 PM 
 John, no we do not have an ISDA in place with Wah Chang.  Do you want me to pass your request on to Credit?    John Malowney 08/28/2000 06:21 PM 
 My assignment related only to financial transactions.  So it would not be power deals.    Melissa Ann Murphy 08/29/2000 09:04 AM 
 The list of trades was attached to the assignment.  Jeff Sorenson should have a copy down there.    Melissa Ann Murphy 08/29/2000 09:38 AM 
 Can you provide Melissa with a copy of the recent assignment we entered into.  I think it should already be in the blue file.  Thanks. 
 Souad,  We can use the Deemed ISDA format I already sent you.  And the guarantees (when we get them) should work for allfinancial transactions.    Veronica Espinoza@ENRON 08/29/2000 10:27 AM 
 Melissa,  We've got a counterparty with a draft of a master where the counterparty has the rounding conventing for kilowatts at 6 decimal points.  Is that our standard convention?  Thanks for your help!  P.S.  I have passed your request for a copy of that assignment to my assistant Taffy Milligan.  She can get you copies of any documents in the future. 
 We've got a draft master with the following rounding conventions:  Short tons: zero decimals Temperatures:  zero decimals US Dollar Amounts:  to the nearest cent  Do you know whether those are our standard rounding conventions?  P.S.  Do you get a invite to our favorite email person's political swankienda? 
 I've been trying to get Clickpaper to expand their product approval list to match the products they offer...maybe your request will help!    Karen Lambert 08/29/2000 01:34 PM 
 Mike,  How can Brent get access to our Master Swap Agreement database from EI in Argentina?  Thanks for your help. 
 Thanks for your help anyway.  I'll just cross out kilowatts, they already had megawatts in there.    Melissa Ann Murphy 08/29/2000 01:54 PM 
 I live to corrupt young, unsuspecting lawyers...    Peter Keohane 08/29/2000 03:06 PM 
 I have two Australian counterparties on the referenced list, State Electricity Commission of Victoria and Straits Resources Limited, and I haven't heard from you, and I need to get that list out.  When you send your approval, can you be specific as to whether they are approval for Australian products only, or all products.  Thanks! 
 Are they approval for ALL products, or only Australian products?    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/29/2000 04:47 PM 
 I just had this conv. w/Mark and Marcus Nettleton today about parties acting as agent, or in some fiduciary capacity online.  What I am being told is that the system is set up for parties to only act as principals for online trading.  It does not deal with agent, fiduciary or similar relationships. The only exception to this rule so far has been GPU where they had an agency relationship with 3 utilities, on the power side, where Leslie had some specific documentation that she got signed.  But I am told should not be entering into transactions with counterparties as anything other than principals, except under extraordinary circumstances.    Shari Stack 08/29/2000 05:04 PM 
 It looks like you will need to get whatever documentation Leslie had sign for those in place with these.  I know she has this problem with the service companies to the utilities. 
 Attached is a revision to the list I just sent you, revised to reflect that the last two Australian counterparties can only trade the Australian products Credit listed. 
 Can you fix this on my calendar?  Thanks! 
 Just a heads up:  I am sending up an ISDA Master tonight between ECC and Duke Energy Marketing Limited Partnership for signature of a Canadian officer.  Yours ever, 
 I am going to have more names to give you from Argentina.  Actually, I need to give access to a number of people to different areas of the swap database.  I am in a seminar the rest of today, but when I get back I'll email you or give you a call about the access. 
 I have an eye dr. appt. tomorrow at 3:00.  I'll have to leave a little early. 
 Attached please find the referenced Annex B and copy of transmittal fax. 
 At Mark Taylor's request, I am attaching Leslie Hansen's form of override letter when a GTC will "override" the master agreement for online transactions.  How are you doing Justy? 
 Raquel Guzman, the lawyer for the referenced counterparty called again, and she is going on vacation next week and wants to get that ETA finalized so they can start trading when she's out.  She seems to feel the way the ETA is written that they are responsible for all unauthorized use of the password, including hackers into the system, and wants the language limited to use caused by their fault or negligence.  Can you call her at 215/684-6630. Thanks. 
 Camille Gerard.    Karen Lambert 08/31/2000 11:08 AM 
 Per the emails below, it appears you are looking for the Legal and Privacy Statement.  Mark T. said Leslie just revised it for the online team.  Leslie is on vacation until the 9th, but I think attached below may be the latest draft.  It is located in her "Online" subdirectory, under "Phase 2". 
 Rhonda,  Can you provide me with the Agency Agreement or other documentation you may have received with respect to this agency relationship.  Thanks!    Rhonda L Denton 08/29/2000 05:18 PM 
 With respect to the referenced List: 1.  Ameren Services Company-OK to shut down powe & SO2, as per Credit's direction 2.  Oglethorpe Power Corporation-they are specifically being opened to trade power, however, our records do not show them as having a FERC license.  If they really want to trade power we are going to need a name and phone # to contact them & get evidence of their FERC license. 3.  Ameren Energy, Inc.-we cannot currently open them up until we investigate more this agency thing.  It doesn't mean we're shutting them down forever, we just need more info. 
 Alan Aronowitz is working on a presentation he has to give in Singapore on Global Energy Derivatives, and wanted to put a little blurb in of some kind about weather.  He wanted to see if he could get a copy of the presentation you and Mike Corbally gave at the ISDA seminar to see if there were any slides that might be helpful for his presentation.  Do you have a copy I can provide him?  Thanks! 
 I must have missed your promotion.  Congratulations!  Atttached is the certificate so you do not have to retype it.      Peter Keohane 08/31/2000 06:07 PM 
 Where are y'll moving to?    Rhonda L Denton 08/31/2000 03:59 PM 
 I originally had the referenced counterparty opened for power.  Are we sure it is not a FERC approved marketer? 
 On the attached list, Alliant Energy Corporation is coming back thru to be opened for East power, and the power lawyers are telling me they don't have a FERC license.  If they really want to trade power I will need a name and phone number so our power lawyers can talk to them. 
 Then, I'll stick with what I told the EOL team.  If they really want to trade power they will have to get us a contact and we'll talk to them to see why they think they can trade power.  Otherwise, it stays as a "no".    Shari Stack 09/01/2000 09:09 AM 
 Just a head's up.  Dave finally got the amendment to the ETA signed, so I am fedexing it out to the counterparty today. 
 Per my conv. w/Sandy Steffen w/the referenced counterparty (ph: 734/887--2048, fax: 734/887-2056): POWER:  It appears they would like to trade many of the East Coast power contracts.  She isn't sure whether the Purchase and Sale Agreement they have in place with us would cover East Coast power, and whether it would cover firm and non-firm power.  Also, she was wondering whether we trade power transmission (I had no idea, silly me).  Further, even if we have a master in place with them, I don't know whether we would want to transact under it or under a GTC.  My records show they have come thru before through EOL and Legal shut down for power (Credit has them open). EMISSIONS:  They would also like to transact SO2, and want to get a master in place with  us.  I told her I would have one of the emissions lawyers talk to her (they are already open w/Legal & Credit to trade emissions). MASTER USER CHANGE:  She already has a password set up with us and would like to change the master user. 
 When you're done with that agreement can you pass it back to me for the file.  Thanks. 
 I keep trying to email them, but it won't go thru.  Maybe this time...    michael.mulligan@americas.bnpparibas.com 09/01/2000 02:24 PM 
 The ISDA Multicurrency Agreement Schedule has been approved and moved into the attorney forms bank.  It is located at o:legal\atty.fms\swaps\current forms\isda-multicurrency.doc.  The old ISDA Multicurrency Agreement Schedule is located at o:legal\atty.fms\swaps\old forms\old2101a#4.doc. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 8/2/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 With respect to Ameren Services Company, my notes say I originally had them for power buys ONLY, so I just want to make sure that my "amended-no change" still reads power the same way. 
 Bill Bradford called this morning and wants to put Duetsche Bank on the front burner.  He has been speaking to them and wants to set up a conference call later this week to resolve the remaining issues.  It appears that Carol was working on this master.  Bill wants to know what lawyer will be picking this up, hopefully sometime this morning, so he can set up the conference call. If you let me know who can work on it I'll track down the file for you... 
 The icon below should get you in to the database. 
 Thanks Scott!    Scott Tackett@ENRON 09/05/2000 03:21 PM 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an  ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Mark and I made some changes to conform the confidentiality provisions in the ISDA and Industrial Master Agreements that he wants me to run by you, (1) adding financial institutions to ISDA (or deleting from Industrial), and (2) adding same language to ISDA that we added to Industrial "...and each of such persons" auditors, attorneys, etc. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Shari,  I've got them shut down for power.  They were one of the counterparty's on the initial approval lists.  The online team tells me we are trading power with them off line, so what's the scoop?  Can they trade power? 
 Travis,  The lastest trading/online memo is in my subdirectory, tjones/forms/questionnaire Umbrella Re-Internet Trading 1cln.doc. 
 Are you shutting down their trading today? 
 I am going to have to leave a skooch early on Friday, at 4 pm. 
 I looked in our financial agreement database and ECTRIC does not have a master in place with either of those entities.  London Legal sent a draft to Credit Lyonnais in March of 1999, but there appears to be no activity under that master.  Credit Lyonnais has a master styled "Credit Lyonnais New York Branch (AAA Program) with Enron North America, under which we trade interest rate, currencies & equities, and Toronto Dominion has master in place with Enron North America and one with Enron Gas and Petrochemicals Trading Limited, an English corp., and a subsidiary of ECTRIC (however, I do not have a copy and do not know if this is a limited purpose master or not), but nothing for either of these entities under ECTRIC.  I hope this is helpful. Let me know if I can be of further service    Philippe Penet 09/06/2000 12:40 PM 
 I knew it was Canadian and started with a "T".  Am I good or what!?!  When you get to be my age you'll have no memory left.  Sure wish you were down here enjoying these 109+ degree days with us.  It'll make you appreciate Calgary in Winter.    Peter Keohane 09/06/2000 01:06 PM 
 I just wanted to let you know I haven't forgotten you.  My usual source for getting the ETA's is out, and I'm trying to track down someone else who can send them to me...    Travis McCullough 09/05/2000 08:04 PM 
 Any updates on Louisville Gas & Electric and LCRA? 
 Tanya called and asked me to get ready for Catalytica, and prepare the Annex B, pending approval of the deal.  I have it ready and am just waiting to hear we're ready to send it down. 
 Can I attend? 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under a financial confirmation.  We will need the standard executed copy.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Have you heard anything back from Gas Natural with respect to getting their signed guarantees on the Comercializadora Metrogas  and Gas Natural Mexico trades?  I've been holding my Enron Guarantees as leverage in getting theirs.  We are at the period in the confirms where we need to exchange guarantees... 
 When you get back in we need to talk about this cpy.  My records had them shut down for power, they called about contract issue and wanting to trade in all products areas, and speaking to Shari and checking your notes, you had them as open.  Since they haven't traded power yet, I had Frank shut them down until I confirm with you they're OK and under what contracts.  Talk to you when you get back... 
 Tana Jones -XL    Linda J Noske 09/06/2000 01:48 PM 
 FYI 
 John,  Sorry about taking so long to get back to you on this.  Re:  sample master agreements...we recently had a group meeting where we were discouraged to send out sample masters.  What appears to be happening is that a customer gets a sample master w/no credit, and then when we finally send them a real master w/credit, they are somewhat hacked off because the end up being incredibly longer once credit is added.  If possible, can we not talk to Credit about sending them a real master?  Let me know your thinking...    John Malowney 08/23/2000 10:20 AM 
 I just got another call from Sandy Steffen, and she would like, if possible, to resolve any contract issues with have with each of the product groups, so they can be set up to trade by tomorrow.   She also expressed an interest espectially today  in NATURAL GAS.   After talking to her can you let me know under what contract and/or limitations they can trade.  Thanks  It appears she has only heard back from the online team 
 Taffy, I just spoke to Marie and she needs a set.  Also, take Susan Flynn and Jason Peters off your distribution.    Taffy Milligan 09/07/2000 11:02 AM 
 We have received a copy of an executed Assignment and Novation of Transactions dated July, 20, 1999, as amended August 3, 1999, effective on August 12, 1999, wherein Merrill Lynch Capital Services, Inc. assigned certain transactions to J. Aron and Company.  A copy of the assignment will be distributed. 
 Per my conversations with Mark Taylor, we should continue to put any weather trades done online under any relevant master agreement with the counterparty.  Further, there is no prohibition against doing a trade online with a counterparty when we do not have a master in place.  Any non-master trades would go under the respective GTC.  It appears to be only a coincidence that we are trading online only with counterparties we have masters in place with. 
 Where did Souad go?    Larry Joe Hunter 09/07/2000 12:15 PM 
 The 12 month restriction isn't coming from Legal, it's coming from Credit. You need to contact Tom Moran.    Kathy M Moore 09/07/2000 01:43 PM 
 I checked the Corporate Database and it's not listed at all.  Maybe Brad knows...    Larry Joe Hunter 09/07/2000 01:49 PM 
 Per Credit, Charlie Hoang on the Confirm Desk needs an Enron Corp. guaranty of the attached physical pulp & paper deal.  I told Credit that your group handles physical P&P. 
 Can you please send a copy of the executed master and any amendments thereto to David Dupre on the Confirm Desk.  Thanks!  (watch out, there are 2 David Dupres!) 
 Yes, to North America, Australia and Japan.    Karen Lambert 09/07/2000 04:30 PM 
 With respect to the referenced list, my instructions from power was to shut down Louisville Gas and Electric Company and Lower Colorado River Authority from both execute and view status for power.  With respect to Lower Colorado River Authority and bandwidth, I spoke to the Broadband team, and they haven't considered the governmental angle with respect to bandwidth, so they are running it by outside counsel (who happens to be in Singapore this week), and will get back to me.  So until I hear otherwise, I am shutting them down for bandwidth. 
 We have dinner reservations for Tuesday the 24th at 7:30 pm. 
 Yes, I've prepared the assignment, I am just waiting for the lawyer to sign off on it.    Mary Griff Gray 09/08/2000 07:25 AM 
 Andrea Hauser w/EnronOnline called and said that Marathon has a problem with the terms of the online GTC's (default language) for LPG, petrochems, and refined products and would like to talk to one of our lawyers.   Marathon's lawyer is Rhonda Stinemyer and her # is 713/296-2408.  Can you let Andrea know who will be handling this.  Thanks. 
 Sure!    Mary Griff Gray 09/08/2000 10:08 AM 
 Please note new products.  Let me know if you have any issues or concerns with any of these. 
 I'm getting ready right now to fax it over to Meg.    Mary Griff Gray 09/08/2000 10:08 AM 
 At the request of Sara, I am attaching the ETA.  I am also sending the PA, just in case... 
 I just got a call from Kevin Meredith on the Confirm Desk and it appears that the referenced internal entities have done a trade yesterday and have done other trades in the past and we need to get a master in place.  Can you send us up some credit.  Much thanks. 
 Per emails below, Mike Robison, attorney (x36667) and Nony Flores, Paralegal (x37541) will handle. 
 Thanks for your help!    Dan J Hyvl 09/12/2000 08:15 AM 
 Just a reminder that if you change any of the resolutions contained in our Swap Resolutions Notebook, you need to update the Index, and substitute the revised resolutions into each of the Swap Group's persons Notebooks.  These would include for any of the trading companies, the resolutions that approve what we trade (which also includes who can sign the appropriate documents), as well as the brokerage approval resolutions.  It does not include the Confirmation signatories. 
 Mary Lynne,  These notices will be coming by email on a going forward basis. 
 Will alan handle this? 
 It's back dated to the oldest outstanding trade with the counterparty.    Clement Abrams@ENRON 09/08/2000 04:31 PM 
 Point well taken!    Kevin McGowan@ENRON 09/12/2000 10:31 AM 
 Nope... 
 Why, I do believe the three Tudor deals gets us to 451!    Tanya Rohauer 09/12/2000 11:08 AM 
 Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa...!  We were in the process of revising our form, so I just have to draft up an Canadian version of the sample ISDA master and get yoou a draft.  I'll try and get to it the next day or two.    Greg Johnston 09/12/2000 03:23 PM 
 I could not believe my ears when I heard from Ms. Heard that you are working covertly behind the scenes to ensure a Broadband win to the signed master competition.   I would think that Credit would have no biased interest in the outcome of this race.  Could such slanderous allegations be true? 
 Upon further reflection of the undue influence you have attempted in the past and are currently attempting (need we forget you trying to get Bob Crane not to sign my agreements!), it seems like you have a lack of confidence in your abilities and are therefore unable to run a clean race! 
 Per our conversation yesterday, we would like to open the "Other Agreements" information in the Financial Trading Agreement Database to members of the Interest Rate and Currency Desk.  If possible, we would also like them to see the comments screen.  The people who will need access are Laurel Adams, George Garcia, Sheila Glover, Kelly Templeton, Teresa Brogan.  As usual, we would like to get them access ASAP.  Can you keep me posted on their access.  Thanks! 
 Here is a picture of Alicia's baby.  It really is a pretty baby! 
 Attached is the referenced list.  No problems with this counterparty. 
 Per attached email from Leslie, can you open this counterparty up for all power.  Thanks! 
 I'm working with Mike Corbally's office to get the missing information on Reporting Service, Reporting Agency and Datasource for the European based weather confirmations.  As soon as I have that information available, I will plug it into the confirms and email the confirms to you.  Mark Taylor said someone there in London Legal was working on a list of approved jurisdictions for derivatives.  Is it ready yet?  Can I get a copy of it?  I need it to continue my work on the approved counterparty list.  Thanks! 
 Did I mention Andrea Calo in Argentina needs a set? 
 Need to know the scoop on City of Roseville and Puget Sound... 
 Joe,  I got a call from the Coral people that a corrected confirm had already been sent to them PRIOR to us getting them to sign the consent to assignment of the trade.  I'm sure whoever prepared it on the confirm desk didn't know I was working on this, but I told the Coral people I still needed the assignment back signed to keep our paperwork straight.  Even tho I hate to have to do the additional work, with these EOL trades, there is no "oops" trade.  Once we enter into the trade with 1 entity of a counterparty, we cannot just "move" the trade.  We need the consent of the assignor and assignee so there is not question later on down the line that the trade was not legally moved.   If eveyone on your team is not aware of this, can you mention it at your next group meeting...thanks! 
 I'm working on my backlog of lists.  I thought I'd send thru a few so you could get started. 
 HS Energy Services is relying on a parent guaranty to be able to meet the ESP criteria.  It does not meet the financial test on its own.  However, we have approved them to trade financial and have an ISDA Master in place.  Should I shut them down for the Australia products?    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/12/2000 06:25 PM 
 On the 9/11/00 list, Credit wants to open Ontario Power to trade financial power, but I cannot until we speak to Canadian outside counsel.  They are part of the split up of Ontario Hydro, which was the Province of Ontario, and obviously, a governmental, before the split up.  They are still a wholly owned sub of a governmental and we cannot open them up until we talk to outside counsel about the governmental issues.  I have a call into Canadian counsel right now.  Also, on the 9/8/00 list, Sempra Energy Solution called me to find out when they could trade, so if you could open them up pronto... 
 In don't know anything about this, do you? 
 Attached is the proposed draft of the ISDA.  I think two substantive issues we are going out with are adding arbitration and not deleting "Affiliates" from the setoff section (which we agreed to in the original).  With all the bankruptcies going on right now Carol feels that we should at least make a stab at keeping Affiliates in.  Let me know if the draft is OK to send out. 
 Joe,  Attached is the termination revised w/Mary's changes.  Give me a call about one change.      Larry Joe Hunter 09/13/2000 04:52 PM 
 Per the request of Stephanie Sever, I am attaching a list responding to her request to confirm the attached counterparties ability to trade financial power products online.  Stephanie, the ones I said "OK to open" you will need to go in and open for financial power (from Legal only).  Call me if you have any questions about specific counterparties. 
 fyi, 
 Who is going to take over this master from Rod?  They send it in comments and are calling for a response. 
 You are the woman!    Tanya Rohauer 09/15/2000 10:15 AM 
 Per instructions from Davis Minns in Australia, I have to shut down HS Energy Services from trading Australian power (not that they are going to!).  I am attaching an amended spreadsheet. 
 Attached is a resend of the Deemed ISDA that Stepahnie sent to Diane Anderson 9n 8/13/00. 
 Just an FYI, did you notice that the NYMEX is applying to the CFTC to get a new electricity contract approved, the Mid-Columbia. 
 Are you or Sara going to work on this? 
 Clem called wanting to speak to someone about the guaranty issue.  Who should I direct him to? 
 Per our conversation, attached is the form of confirmation we use when we adopt by reference the preprinted form of ISDA Agreement into a form of confirmation. 
 Fred wanted to get this draft out today, so I had to get it back from Mary and get Robert Bruce to review it, then sent it out. 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am enclosing a redlined draft of the guaranty.   Please let me (713/853-3399) or Sara (713/853-5620) know if this change meets with your approval.  Further, I am in the process of drafting the Enron Corp. Guaranty with respect to ECT Investments, Inc. and hope to have it to you shortly. 
 Attached is termination revised with Mary's changes.  Per Mary's conv. w/Fred, if the Counterparty failed to make payments hereunder, the contract would not be void ab initio, but instead, any payments to the counterparty would be offset against any amounts owing to us.      Larry Joe Hunter 09/15/2000 11:31 AM 
 Mike,  Jason Peters, who was a lawyer seconded with us from Andrews & Kurth, has now gone back to A&K, but is still doing some work for us.  Is there some way for us to get him access to the Financial Trading Agreement database?  He is a lawyer, and is bound by client confidentiality with respect to all the information in the database, so I don't think we need to worry about granting him security access.  Can we get him access? 
 I should be available anytime this week, with the caveat, we have a big deal we're trying to close by Friday, and it could heat up at any moment.  How about tomorrow at 1:00 pm?    Corey Hollander@ENRON 09/18/2000 03:48 PM 
 I have a meeting at 2:00pm.  How about 11:00 am?    Corey Hollander@ENRON 09/18/2000 04:50 PM 
 The revised form of ISDA exhibit.doc (which contains the credit support annex and letter of credit forms) has been moved into the attorney forms bank under atty.fms/current forms/isdaexh.doc.  The old form of ISDAexh.doc is now under "old forms" in the attorney forms bank as atty.fms/old forms/oldISDAexh.doc. Again, per my last email, the revised Multicurrency Schedule is already in attorney forms.  You may want to circulate blacklined drafts.  The Index to the swap forms is now also located in the attorney forms bank for your reference for the most current forms.  It is called "formlist.doc."  London and Singapore, FYI, in addition to making changes to the ISDA collateral annex, we made changes to the MAC definitions (which we inserted into ISDAexh.doc for ease of the paralegals) and made changes to the letter of credit terms, as well as the form of Letter of Credit.   We also added in an alternative "Credit Support Amount" provision on the front page of the ISDA credit support annex to deal with situations when we do not want to return the Credit Support Amount during the term of the Master Agreement.  We moved the guaranty forms (Enron Corp. and Counterparty) as a separate document(s) in the attorney forms bank, atty.fms/current forms/guaranty.doc. The guaranty form was revised to (1) make it cover both confirms and masters so we don't need two separate forms on an ongoing basis, and (2) we changed the procedures for timing of demands made on Enron (deleting the 15 day period).  We are also discussing adding an assignment provision to the Enron Corp. guaranty with Clement and will keep you posted.  We are close to finalizing changes to the Industrial Master, as well as making changes to the Omnibus form of confirmation. Also, by the end of the day I will have moved our standard forms of Secretary's Certificates into the attorney forms bank. 
 Does any of the below work for you? 
 Let's say 2:30 pm tomorrow and hope for the best!    Corey Hollander@ENRON 09/18/2000 05:04 PM 
 As we spoke I got scheduled for a 2:30 too, so how about 3:30 tomorrow?    Corey Hollander@ENRON 09/18/2000 05:04 PM 
 Mike,  How can these people access the database?    Michael Neves 09/18/2000 05:36 PM 
 I need the following 3 files 1st thing:  Wabash Valley Power Association, Inc. Ontario Power Generation Royal Bank of Canada/Enron Canada Corp.  Thanks! 
 Online would like to open this counterparty immediately for trading.  Can you let me know ASAP whether you have any legal issues with them.  Thanks. 
 Per our conv. earlier, attached is our standard form of Enron Corp. Guaranty. 
 Peter,  We revised the incumbency certificates for our U.S. master swap agreements to include the authority of the officer as well as the officer's incumbency.  I made the same changes to the Canadian form, but don't want to make any final changes to the Canadian form without your approval.  When you get a minute can you take a look at it and see if the change meets with your approval.  Nella, I am enclosing the current form of certificate as well as the revised one (which is #1 documents below).  Can you print them out for Peter.  Thanks! 
 The above counterparty is approved to trade all products. 
 Attached are the two ISDA's. 
 We have been pressured by the online team to open up all counterparties to trade financial unless we have a LEGAL reason not to trade with them.  With both those counterparties, you are correct, it is the companies' intention and direction that we trade financial with those entities, but still for online I have to say "yes" unless I have a "legal" reason to say "no".    Kim S Theriot 09/19/2000 02:11 PM 
 All of the counterparties on today's list are ESP's, so I will approve them for all financial products.  If the aren't ESP's I would not approve them for financial products including Australian financial products.  Further, if they cannot meet the ESP test on their own, i.e., they are relying on a parent guaranty or a letter of credit to make them an ESP, I would approve them for all financial products, except Australian power (but they could trade weather per our earlier emails).    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/19/2000 04:18 PM 
 I was just about to call you when I got your email.  Holly called and she has a table to fill at an awards banquet (some women's professional group or something) and wants to know if you want to join us.  A bunch of her girlfriends are going, me, Lucinda, I think Carol....anyway, it's Saturday night at 7:00 pm.  She said it should be really boring (so I put it on my calendar as "boring awards banquet"), but with all the girls at one table we'll misbehave and have fun.  I hope you can join us.  Let me know and I'll reserve you a spot w/Holly.  The thing on your house and townhome sounds exciting.  When can I see it?!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 09/18/2000 05:44 PM 
 I'm having a little online brain drain today...am I correct in my thinking that all these "spreads" are financial...? 
 Can you provide Stephanie Sever with the Online team view access to the referenced database.  Can you let us know when the access has been granted. Thanks! 
 This list is all amended counterparties, most of them being opened up for financial power.  My records reflect that all of them were already open for financial products, except the three I have marked.  If you run across any others that you show as not being open for financial, let me know, because all of the counterparties on this list are ok for financial. 
 Also, on this list, my records reflect that Superior Natural Gas Corporation was shut down for physical power.  If you records do not reflect the same, can you shut them down...thanks! 
 I still haven't received that list you mentioned of counterparties in bankruptcy or workout.  What's the scoop? 
 I don't know about you, but I LOVE lists with only one counterparty to approve, how about you?!! 
 I have a database where I maintain my online approval, and my the basis for my approvals/declines.  If you want to review counterparties we have previously approved/disapproved and why, or want to go in and to see what I approved on a specific counterparty, this would be the place to go.  Would you like me to get you access? 
 Well, I do believe this makes 450!  A nice round number if I do say so myself! 
 At a ratio of 10:1, you should have your 4th one signed and have the fifth one on the way...    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 09/19/2000 05:40 PM 
 It seems like it should be more, but I have review over 1300 counterparties for online trading. 
 Straight and to the point!    Brent Hendry@ENRON 09/19/2000 06:00 PM 
 We have received a proposed assignment from PPL Corporation to PPL Energy Plus, LLC wherein they would like to assign their financial transactions (two), any guaranty relating thereto (do we have one covering financial?), and any master agreement (we have no financial agreement with them).  Is this OK with Credit?  I am having a copy of the assignment walked down to you.  If someone else is going to approve this, let me know. 
 I left Bill Ernstaft a message.  Hopefully I'll hear back from him after lunch.    Janelle Scheuer 09/20/2000 10:33 AM 
 I have it, it is in the Swaps library. 
 As usual, you are the best!    Greg Johnston 09/20/2000 03:09 PM 
 We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of 9/1/00 wherein Coral Energy Resources, L.P. assigned to Coral Energy Holding, L.P. an "oops" EOL trade # 40063 it did under the wrong password.  A copy will be sent to Jeff Sorenson. 
 That job is with Bob Williams, the litigation attorney for our international company.  Bob is a great guy, probably one of the funniest people I have ever known.  It also might be a good job for you because he promoted his last administrative assistant to paralegal.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 09/20/2000 11:51 AM 
 comments to the swap docuemnts 
 Paul,  I just spoke to Brent Hendry who worked on the Bermuda law advice, and he said he sent you the name of counsel.  I will also sent to you tonight a copy of the advice we just got with respect to derivative transactions and online transactions.    Paul Simons 09/21/2000 06:11 AM 
 Too late, already sent it.    Paul Simons 09/21/2000 10:21 AM 
 I would love to have the plants as long as they can take direct sun...can they?  Did you see on the news last night that they arrested 44 people for participating in that pyramid scheme you were telling me about?  There's an article about it in the KHOU TV website.     "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 09/21/2000 02:27 PM 
 Per your request, attached is the form of Duke Capital Corporation Guaranty. 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching our current from of ISDA Schedule for governmental entities and our sample form of legal opinion for such entities.  With respect to NYPA, we do have a copy of an authorization to hedge approved by the Board of Trustees of NYPA that they faxed us a year ago and I will fax a copy of it over to you shortly. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 8/23/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 FUNB sits stalled on my desk waiting for me to have time to work on it.  We are in the miiddle of a rush with Financial Power counterparties in need immediate assistance (many of them govt'ls which are demanding my attention) and structured financing w/swaps in the middle and I'm just putting out fires.  That master is really not a priority at all for ENA, and it is only Enron.Credit.com wanting to mirror it that is giving it any priority.  What is your proposed timing for a deal on that one?    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 09/22/2000 10:26 AM 
 It isn't clear to me whether you are on for this banquet tomorrow so I can RSVP to Holly!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 09/21/2000 03:34 PM 
 Per my conversation this morning with the lawyer at NYPA, they would like to transact business on a going forward basis under the attached form of what we consider an "ISDA Confirmation" (it seemed to me their lawyer thought this document was a sufficient ISDA Master).  Sara has a call into him to get his thoughts about this document  Per my conversations w/Sara, we would like to get our standard governmental form of ISDA Master in place.  We wonder what your thoughts are on his document.  Further, he seemed quite firm that they would not be issuing a legal opinion, but would give us a certified copy of the resolution I am about to fax to you.   We look forward to getting your comments.    - CFD1.DOC 
 I was a little dismayed after our lunch when you disclosed the number of broadband masters potentially close to signature. However, I was a little cheered up when I got back and checked with the Swap Group and found out we have 13 masters out for signatures right now.  It still may be hard to beat you at your going rate...but, all I have to say is we're still in the game...GO TEAM!!! 
 FYI,  I will be preparing this assignment for signature. 
 On the list for 9/19/00: 1.  On the counterparty styled "United States Department of Interior" only, Leslie is not permitting them to trade power, however, she will give them read access. 2.  Public Service Electric & Gas Co. - My notes show I already opened them for financial power  On the list for 9/21/00:  I am OK for shutting Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation down for financial, since they are now trading financial out of Utilicorp.  However, I didn't want to put "X's" in all those darn boxes, so I hope by my note only it will do the job.  I am also preparing an assignment of the online trades that I will send to the Confirm Desk when it is executed. 
 The execution documents were sent over to Duke Energy yesterday.  I spoke to them this morning and they we going to forward the documents internally for signature.  I, or Marie upon her return from vacation, will keep you posted on the progress of execution. 
 I have forwarded your email on to Mary Cook, she is actually the attorney working on the transaction.  I am a paralegal.  Her direct number is 713/3457732.    Cossette.Helene@hydro.qc.ca 09/22/2000 03:26 PM 
 You're welcome.    Camille Gerard@ENRON 09/22/2000 05:16 PM 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am enclosing clean and blacklined drafts of each of the Bow River Trust and Royal Bank of Canada ISDA Schedules. 
 Leslie Hansen asked me to forward to you our draft list of Legal contacts for online trading issues, and see if there is anyone you deal with on a regular basis that I may not know of that we need to add to the list. 
 I hope you're OK?!   You probably don't remember (especially after getting hit by that polo ball!), but Barclays is one you negotiated on your secondment here oh so many years ago.  It's always good to hear from you...    Justin Boyd 09/25/2000 11:11 AM 
 Obviously, you haven't lost your touch!    Justin Boyd 09/25/2000 11:35 AM 
 Just a note to let you know that per my conversation with Tanya, after review by Brent, today I will be sending out am amendment to BMO allowing for the provision of Cash as Eligible Collateral under the ISDA.  When we get this in signed I will send my usual email out to the world explaining this amendment, but you may want to think about what procedures you will need to put in place to make sure this happens EVERY time we take collateral in (not to mention, we will also have to pay Canadian counsel to file releases as well , and this will cost us money too!  We don't want to have to do this too often.) Anything you want to tell me before I send this out today?! 
 Ask and you shall receive... 
 Yes, except for weather, the financial GTC's are designed to cover all energy commodities.    Dianne Seib 09/25/2000 03:34 PM 
 Per a conv. I just had with John Arnold, Shankman is not trading natural gas at all.  His back trade is Mike Maggi. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated August 23, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed to Frank Davis and to Peter Keohane for the Enron Canada Talisman file. 
 Per our conversation, attached is the proposed form of amendment to the ISDA Master to provide for cash collateral under the Credit Support Annex.  Please call me at 713/853-3399 or Tanya Rohauer in our Credit Department at 713/853-3263 if you have any comments or questions. 
 Per our conversation, the above counterparty is approved by Legal to trade online physical pulp & paper only.  We cannot trade financial until Credit receives financial statements and can determine whether they are an eligible swap participant or not. 
 Chris,  Per our conversation, I am attaching  a sample form of ISDA for both a Canadian corporate and a Canadian governmental.  With the governmental, the proposed form of legal opinion attached to the ISDA Schedule would have to be modified depending on your particular situtation (see footnotes in opinion). As I also mentioned, we are making some revisions to the guaranty we are getting from Hydro-Quebec in response to comments from counsel, and we may want to make some of the same changes to guarantees we receive from any governmental guarantor.  If you end up having a governmental guarantor, let me know and I'll send you down the revisions.  By copy of this email to Joe Hunter on the Confirmation Desk, I am asking him to email you copies of the form of Omnibus Confirmation and Annex A thereto for an ECC/Canadian Counterparty Deal.  I have to say that if you end up transacting with a governmental entity, our form of confirmation will not include the reps and warranties required to transact with such counterparties, since we never trade financial with governmentals prior to execution of a master.  If you go down that road we may have to come up with some kind of form, but the best route is to get the ISDA in place first. 
 The bottom of this email will explain my email to Gaffer. 
 Thanks Joe, you're the best!    Larry Joe Hunter 09/26/2000 03:34 PM 
 I'm sad (sniff...sniff...sniff...)... 
 Julian,  The "Confirmation" will be the actual written Confirmation, which confirms in writing the terms of the deal agreed to on the phone.  I don't know if what they're looking for is a form of Confirmation (not deal specific) of what a Confirmation might look like if they did a trade, or if you actually have done or are proposing a particular trade and need to see the Confirmation filled in with the proposed deal terms.  I left Roni Cappadonna with Duke a voicemail asking her which specifically she was looking for.  As soon as I hear from her I'll get her what she needs.  If you have any more questions, email me back, or call.  I'm at your service! 
 Russell,  I spoke  to the cpy about this, and what it turned out he wanted was the Local Currency ISDA form.  I gave that redraft to Mary to sign off on the same day I wrote that note, but she's been too busy to look at it, and the file is now MIA from her office.  I'll check with her tomorrow and she what she did with it.    Russell Diamond 09/26/2000 05:53 PM 
 I would like to take the week of Thanksgiving off.  My mom is coming from NY to visit with my 10 year old niece. 
 It appears that we have now opened up our first Japan based financial product on EnronOnline, and I need to get some direction from you as to what restrictions, if any, we have on (1) counterparties located/incorporated in Japan trading Japan based financial products, and (2) counterparties not located in Japan trading Japan based financial products.  Previously, the only Japanese financial product we had was weather, but it wasn't being sold by a Japan based Enron company, so my understanding was that I didn't have any particular restrictions under Japanese law for counterparties located in or outside Japan in trading this product.  Now that the product is being sold by a Japan based company I am wondering was restrictions I might have to keep in mind when doing my daily online approvals.  The only are Japan based direction I am getting is from the Broadband legal team (Robbi Rossi) which have told me Japanese counterparties can only trade US bandwidth segments.  P.S. we do have a Japanese counterparty on the 9/26/00 list. 
 Thanks, I appreciate it!  What should I do with the Japanese counterparty on the 9/26/00 list?  Shut them down for all trading on Japan based products until I hear from you?  Will you be coming to the Legal Conference here in Houston next week?  Maybe we could chat then?!    Jane McBride@ENRON 09/27/2000 09:46 AM 
 FYI,  I have a database where I keep track of my online approvals/declines and reasons why (if there are any!).  I don't know to what extent Frank ever looked at it, but you might find it helpful.  It is called "ENA Legal Online Trading Agreements" database.  If you're interested, I'll ask Mike Neves to get you access. 
 As a reminder,  We need to talk about some documentation Marcus Nettleton passed on to me for handling.  It's about the disclosure of the MG acquisition, some subordination loans & guarantees w/the NYMEX.  I asked Al Pennisi if it could wait until you got back and he said yes. 
 Mike,  Can you take care of this and let us know when Lisa has access.  Thanks. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 9/12/00 which amends the ETA to provide that Ameren Energy, Inc. can act as authorized agent for and on behalf of the following entities ("Operating Companies") under such ETA:  1.  Union Electric Company (d/b/a Ameren UE) 2.  Ameren Energy Generating Company 3.  Ameren Energy Marketing Company  The amendment to the ETA makes additional changes with respect to the agency relationship between Ameren Energy, Inc. and the Operating Companies.  In connection with such amendment to the ETA we have also received:  1.  The originally executed Password Application 2.  Consent and Acknowledgement executed by the Operating Companies with respect to such agency relationship  Copies will be distributed. 
 Following up on our conversation re: a visit to Santa Fe when you come to Houston, check out the Website for The Bishop's Lodge in Santa Fe (www.bishopslodge.com).   Some friends of mine bought a weekend there at a silent auction at a charity event recently and their brochure looked great. The website has pictures, prices, activities at the resort, and a hyperlink to the Website for the Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce which lists the activities going on in Santa Fe.  I think you are going to be too late for their summer opera series, but I took a look and there appears to be other fun things going on.  The website for the lodge shows a fabulous looking pool, horseback riding and shooting.  Take a look. 
 As some of you may be aware, there have been substantial revisions to the U.S. Tax Code which will require revising the tax language in our swap agreements.  I will be providing Steve Douglas in the Tax Dept. copies of the current tax language in our swap agreements and will coordinate with him revisions to the forms.  I'll keep you posted when the changes occur. 
 Is anyone working on a confirmation for the Argentina office for a swap between ECT and Duke Energy International out of Argentina, Don Black would be the business person on this.  If you know, I need to get the draft faxed ASAP to Duke here in Houston. 
 Yes.    Michael Neves 09/27/2000 01:22 PM 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am enclosing drafts of the following documents:  1.  Clean and blacklined copies of the ISDA Schedule showing revisions from the 9/22/00 draft.  Please note that RBC needs to complete the notice information. 2.  Copies of the Interest Rate and Commodity Confirmations.  Please note that certain dates, rates and pricing need to be determined early tomorrow.  Please call me or Sara with any questions or comments with respect to the enclosed. 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am enclosing drafts of the following documents:  1.  A draft of the ISDA Schedule . 2.  Copies of the Interest Rate and Commodity Confirmations.  Please note that certain dates, rates and pricing need to be determined early tomorrow.  Please call me or Sara with any questions or comments with respect to the enclosed. 
 Attached are (1) the RMT Confirms and (2) the Incumbency Certificates required to be executed under the ISDA. 
 Attached please the proposed forms of Confirmation with respect to the referenced transaction.  Please call me or Sara Shackleton if you have any comments or questions. 
 I have some appointments outside the office this afternoon and will need to leave early today. 
 I don't know why I am on these emails?    Wilma Low 09/28/2000 04:26 AM 
 Per an email from Soma yesterday, Brian Hull wanted to transact out of their Toronto Branch, so I used their Toronto address in the agreement.  We do not have "transactions numbers" on our ISDA's.  I would take it if things proceed today, that we will date the agreement as of today, so the date of the agreement will be the only identifying information.  Toronto-Dominion will need to look at the notice information I put in the agreement and confirm that it is acceptable.  I pulled it from a recent agreeement they sent us.    Greg Johnston 09/28/2000 09:29 AM 
 Can you change Peter's name, I had it wrong, it's "Peter C.M. Keohane". Thanks!    carrd2@tdcibg.com 09/28/2000 09:21 AM 
 Please find attached a clean and blacklined draft of the revised ISDA Master. 
 So far as much as I've been able to track, the Houston Confirmation Desk does not know about this Duke Confirm yet.  Don, can you contact Dale Neuner on the Confirmation Desk ASAP with the proposed deal terms so he can prepare the Confirm and get it sent over to Duke.  Thanks! 
 Per,  What's the deal he's talking about?  I also do not think we could put ENA and Enron Metals Ltd. trades under the same master.  When you have a mingute give me a ring.  Tana 
 Please call Morris Clark or Steve Douglas. 
 Jeff hasn't left the group, has he?    Larry Joe Hunter 09/29/2000 08:47 AM 
 Attached is a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule reflecting your insert.  I think it is our intention to just insert the revised page into the agreement.      "Ross, Tracy " <TRACY.ROSS@ROYALBANK.COM> 09/29/2000 08:12 AM 
 Here is the interest rate we are going to mirror to create for Toronto Dominion. 
 NYPA called today wanting to know the status of our review.  Can we pow wow about this 1st thing Monday... 
 Mike, have you been able to figure out how to get Brent Hendry, who is now in Buenos Aires, access to our Master Swap Agreement database?  Can you let me know.  I'm getting bugged about this. 
 I do not know the answer to your question.  I suggest you talk to Credit. Financial does indeed have a master with Weyerhaueser Company Limited.  I have no idea what we trade physical under or what other Weyerhaueser companies we may have business with.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 09/29/2000 06:37 PM 
 I am just confirming with each of you that I will be opening up The Toa Reinsurance Company Limited, a Japanese counterparty on the 9/26/00 list to trade all physical and financial products, including Australian and Japanese weather, which seems to be the products they are truly interested in trading.  Let me know if you have any problems with that immediately. 
 I sent down the list for 9/27/00 on Friday.  On the 9/26/00 list, for Edison Mission Marketing & Trade, I am showing them as "amended-no change" becuase I already had them open for emissions.  Same on FPL Energy Power Marketing, I am showing them as "amended-no change" because I already had them opened for physical gas. 
 I confirmed w/Brad that they are still an ESP, so it's OK to open them up for all financial.    Lisa Lees 10/02/2000 03:42 PM 
 What's the scoop on this? 
 Will do, I'll send you a copy too.  I'm just waiting to get Sara's direction on one comment to the Legal Opinion, then I'll be ready to send it out.    Janelle Scheuer 10/03/2000 09:57 AM 
 As you all are probably aware, we trade physical and financial products with Northern Illinois Gas Company under each of the following names:  1  Northern Illinois Gas Company (the legal incorporated entity) 2.  Nicor Gas Company (an assumed name for Northern Illinois Gas Company as reflected in the Assumed Name Certificate dated 12/15/99 filed with the Secretary of State of Illinois.  The name needs to match the Assumed Name Certificate, no "Co.") 3.  Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company  The EnronOnline counterparty has been set up as "Nicor Gas Company".  Pursuant to Bob Bruce's conversation with our Illinois outside counsel, we are comfortable transacting business in the State of Illinois under the assumed name "Nicor Gas Company".  In connection therewith, it is OK to set up the online entity as "Nicor Gas Company", and attach the relevant physical or financial products to the relevant master under each of the above counterparty names.  Further, it will be OK if the confirmations go out as "Nicor Gas Company" even though the masters may be under one of the above names.  PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, this should be considered an exception to the rule.  We do not want counterparties to be set up under assumed names, d/b/a's or divisions for EnronOnline.  As previously agreed with the Online team, every attempt should be made to incorporate the legal name as part of the counterparty name (such as "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company" or "Koch Industries, Inc. acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division").   Any exceptions to this should be run by Legal for approval. 
 Did you make a note under H.Q. Energy Services in Lotus Notes...?    Mary Cook 10/03/2000 01:58 PM 
 No can do...just made appt. to go to lunch with CSS.  However, he cancels on me half the time, so if he cancels again I'd love to go...    Mary Cook 10/03/2000 03:08 PM 
 August 30 is fine for lunch. 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, Senior Counsel, I am attaching a copy of our proposed form of Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and proposed form of counterparty legal opinion.  If you have any questions, please call Sara at (713) 853-5620 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to getting your comments. 
 We have received a revised Unanimous Consent of Directors dated 8/28/00 ("Board Resolution") from the referenced Counterparty which expands the approval given in their initial Board Resolution (provided when we executed the ISDA Master Agreement) to allow them to enter into "pulp, lumber and paper commodity price swap and options, and other commodity price swap and option transactions"  with ENA.  For ClickPaper, this should allow them to trade all the financial products we trade.  For EnronOnline, this should allow them to trade all commodity swaps and options.  If Credit will add this to the next spreadsheets for both ClickPaper and EnronOnline, I will amend my approval.  I will circulate a copy of the revised Board Resolution to Global Contracts and Camille Gerard. 
 Pretty funny!  I went over to harass him, but he must be on vacation!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/03/2000 03:32 PM 
 fyi, 
 The Mounties have arrived!    Stacey Richardson 10/04/2000 03:57 PM 
 When you have a minute can we talk about this...thanks! 
 Attached is revised list opening Edison Mission Marketing & Trade for emissions. 
 Tobin,  You don't need to keep Taffy on the list about our volume positions.  She is mine and Mark's assistant and just prints out the forms for us.  She really doesn't need to know the specific position limits in the form. 
 For Xeron, Inc.-amended no change means, they were initially open for financial, shut down for power, open for all other physical products.  No change from that approval. 
 My assistant, Taffy Milligan will be sending it to you.    Martin Rosell 10/05/2000 08:16 AM 
 There seems to be some question whether Utilicorp. can trade financial.  I opened them to trade all financial (including power) on 7/26/00.  I think the customer is calling Kathy for access.  There should be no change in their physical power profile. 
 can you fax her the fron of the ISDA Schedule for Utilicorp.  She must be in the Oslo office. 
 Looks good!  Thanks! 
 Matt,  Can you provide me with the name and address of who we should send this amendment to for signature?  I still have to run it by an attorney, though.    Matthew Dawson 10/05/2000 10:34 AM 
 Attached is the referenced list.  I am saying "amended-no change" because for Calpine, I originally had them open for power & financial, and I am not changing that approval, and for Nicor, I originally had them open for financial and shut down for power and I am not changing that approval. 
 I'm preparing for a presentation I have to give tomorrow.  Once I'm done with this I'll give you a call...    Susan D Trevino 10/09/2000 03:46 PM 
 Enron Canada has a Master Agreement [ECT form, non ISDA] in place with Energy West Incorporated (which ENA could trade under per the Services Agreement with ECC covering financial trades only).  Per my conversation a second ago with Credit, Energy West Incorporated and Energy West Resources are not showing up in their records as being one and the same corporation.  Sounds to me you need to call Credit for approval.  If we do not have a master, they would have to get Credit approval to do a trade w/o a master in place.    John Malowney 10/09/2000 04:18 PM 
 See email below to John. 
 Sounds good to me!    Lisa Lees 10/09/2000 05:39 PM 
 Take today off (from EOL at least!). 
 We just received what we hope is a final draft of the documents from Deutsche Bank, and I hope to respond back to you shortly, once I have had a chance to confirm they made all the changes.    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 10/10/2000 04:33 AM 
 Brent,  I am having this woman with Duke here in Houston, Roni Cappadonna, calling me wanting to get the form of the confirmation.  I don't know what to tell her. Can we get her a draft of a confirm with proposed deal terms or do we have to wait until the trade is done?  I think the person that really needs to be handling this is Dale Neuner, not me.  I am kinda just in the middle of the confirm thing.  Can we get Scott Neal, or whoever needs to relay the confirm information, to deal with Dale Neuner directly, so we can get Dale dealing with Roni. 
 The omnibus swap below, plus this Annex A make up the "omnibus" confirm. 
 It was cute!    Genia FitzGerald 10/10/2000 03:23 PM 
 Can you forward alison the template for an omnibus swap.  The attached appears to be an EOL template. 
 Can you pass this on to the next person...thanks! 
 It's really all Genia's fault, she goes to lunch too darn early.  I guess we need to make a date beforehand for lunch with you...!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/10/2000 04:04 PM 
 On the 10/05/00 List:  Tembec, Inc.'s bylaws require that agreements signed by the company must be signed by any two of the following officers:   the President or a Vice President together with any Director, Secretary or Assistant Secretary.  If you are going to trade with them online you must ensure that the Password Application gets signed by those officers, or if not by those officers, they must provide a resolution if any officer except those above signs the documentation.  Because of this signatory restriction EnronOnline was hesitant to open them for financial trading.  It's up to your group, but you must comply with these special signatory requirements.  If you would like Legal to pass on the documentation if you are unsure, forward it up to me. 
 It's no surprise to me to find Reggie's been stirring it up!    Genia FitzGerald 10/11/2000 07:43 AM 
 We have been doing this here in Houston via a Unanimous Consent of the Directors of the Company appointing the individual(s) as agents and attorneys-in-fact.  Do you sugguest I proceed this way or via the Power of Attorney below? 
 Per Steven Vu's message, I still haven't received the info we need to complete the online weather GTC's.  Any word on when we can expect it? 
 FYI-waiting for direction. 
 That change will have to be approved by Mark Taylor, who is out of town until next week. 
 These could take a few days (or more!).  They have to be circulated to the directors of the Company for signature and timing will depend on their availability for signature.  If Amita wants to start signing today, she can go ahead and start signing now and I'll make her appointment effective as of today.    Cindy Buckley 10/11/2000 09:22 AM 
 John Arnold wants this counterparty opened ASAP for financial.  We didn't have any financial statements from them when they originally came thru, so we couldn't determine their ESP status, but we're OK now, so if you could open them for financial ASAP.  Thanks. 
 I just got off the phone w/Derek.  I'll make sure someone handles it.    Shari Stack 10/11/2000 01:55 PM 
 Karen,  Upon re-review w/Credit, we have decided not to open this counterparty up for financial trading until further legal and credit issues are resolved.    Karen Lambert 10/11/2000 12:06 PM 
 Thanks, I appreciate your help!    Dianne Seib 10/11/2000 03:12 PM 
 Thanks Joe, you're the best!    Larry Joe Hunter 10/11/2000 03:44 PM 
 Dear Greg,  As we discussed, I am attaching our proposed form of ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex for your review.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at 713/853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you.  cc:   Tom May Ed Sacks, Credit Bob Bruce, Senior Counsel 
 Have you done deals in the UK and France that we should use as our model? 
 MALCOLM Greg -CONTROLLER <greg.malcolm@ontariopowergeneration.com> 10/12/2000 08:19 AM  Let me know if you still don't get the attachment. 
 We will try to get back to them soon.  We had to locate Indiana counsel to advise us on this, and hope to engage them today.    Kim S Theriot 10/12/2000 09:34 AM 
 Please remember that all online confidentiality agreement should be logged in through me, I prepare a list of them for the Online Team.  All regular conffidentiality agreements should be logged in through one of the paralegals so we can monitor them.  Also, we need to do a conflicts check with Kay. Thanks. 
 Just a reminder that we have the Customer Access Agreement that Craig Breslau sent up for our review.  We need to (1) determine what procedures, if any, we need to put in place with respect to user ID's to other online trading websites, and (2) respond to Craig about this agreement.  When you both get back in town can we set a time to discuss this.  Thanks... 
 This seems like something the Confirmation Desk should do, or you.  I have never dealt with the deal tickets before. 
 I don't see any problem with this request, do you? 
 Per our conversation while you were here, attached is a list of all the Japanese counterparties that have requested Password Applications from EnronOnline.  Let me know you thoughts about this, and, as we discussed, online due diligence with respect to Japanese counterparties. 
 Justy,  I don't think there is any problem with this.  But since Harry told me to run it by you, I am.  Could you sign off ASAP.  Thanks! 
 Any problem? 
 Mark Taylor is going the be the host of the next ECT Legal Conference to be held in the Woodlands in October and he asked me to contact you to see if you know yet which of the Brits are going to be attending because we need to start making reservations.  If you get a minute and can drop me a line I'd appreciate it.  Thanks! 
 For the online trading project, I am trying to track down for the U.K., the Datasource, Reporting Service, and Reporting Agency for the GTC.  I understand that you might either have that information or be able to direct me to someone who does.  I appreciate whatever help you can give me! 
 Can y'all help me get the document below signed by an officer of ECC and return the originally signed document to me.  I will send them all out together back to the counterparty.  FYI-Andy Zipper is second in command to Louise Kitchen for EnronOnline.  Thanks for your help! 
 Why aren't you playing polo?  Has your horse accepted other film roles after your smashing success in Gladiator?  P.S.  Missed you at the seminar, it's just not the same when you're not there...!    Justin Boyd 10/13/2000 12:52 AM 
 I check with Legal in the US and the UK, and were have no problem with Utilicorp trading UK crude and crude products.    Stephanie Sever 10/12/2000 11:31 AM 
 Thanks to all of you for getting this done so quickly!  You are the best! 
 76-0318139    "JASON PETERS" <PETEJ@andrews-kurth.com> 10/13/2000 10:07 AM 
 Always happy to hear from my favorite outside counsel!    "JASON PETERS" <PETEJ@andrews-kurth.com> 10/13/2000 10:31 AM 
 Thanks Justy!    Justin Boyd 10/13/2000 10:59 AM 
 Per Leslie's earlier email, she wants power trading for Tri-State only under one entity, so I have shut down Tri-State Power Marketing (the division), and have opened them up under Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., which, per my conv. w/Stephanie, is being amended to add "through its Tri-State Power Marketing Division" to the PA. 
 Per a head's up from Tanya, LG&E Power Marketing was merged into LG&E Energy Marketing and is no longer an active corporation.  Take it off the executed master list. 
 I just spoke to Frank, and spoke to Jeff Blumenthal earlier this week about tax issues arising out of Amita executing documents on behalf of EOL and ENA.  Frank just informed me that the Japan office has also been provided with stamp of Sheri Thomas's signature so they can execute PA's out of Japan.  Frank and I were thinking we might want to get together sometime next week to discuss this. 
 In order to improve communication between the Legal Department and our Online team, Mark Haedicke has asked us to prepare a list of legal contacts which we will be providing to the Online team.  Before we send this out, I have been asked to send the list to each of you for your input.  Please let me or Leslie Hansen know of any additional contacts or changes that you feel we need to make to the list. 
 I do not believe that statement is correct.  The limitation was required in the corporate documents of the company, so it should apply to all agreements.  Can you send me up a copy of the Password Application and I will give Steve Norris a call.  Thanks.    Camille Gerard@ENRON 10/14/2000 12:44 PM 
 Great!  Look forward to hearing from you.  If you have any questions give me a call...    MALCOLM Greg -CONTROLLER <greg.malcolm@ontariopowergeneration.com> 10/16/2000 06:20 AM 
 I'll wait for your direction since we need to communicate this to EOL and Credit.    Jane McBride@ENRON 10/16/2000 07:03 AM 
 Mary, you don't need to copy me on these types of emails.    Mary G Gosnell 10/16/2000 08:40 AM 
 taffy, in the future, can you just print out the calendar and leave it in my in box.  Thanks.    Taffy Milligan 10/16/2000 10:18 AM 
 Taffy,  these are all finance deals that Sara worked on.  Can you work with her to get copies of the ISDA Masters for this guy in the Audit group.  Check Lotus Notes to see if we have blue files, and if not, check w/Sara. 
 Stephanie worked on this.  Stephanie, can you get with Bob...    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 10/16/2000 10:48 AM 
 Per our conversation, I am attaching a sample form of online weather GTC.  As we discussed, I am trying to complete the information for "Datasource" and under "Floating Amount" for Reporting Service and Reporting Agency for the U.K.  Thanks for your help! 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of Engage Energy US, L.P., now known as Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P., which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an  ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need the standard executed copy.  This guaranty will supersede and replace, in part, the prior guaranty with respect to ENA and Counterparty.  The guaranty will be fully replaced when counterparty receives the new Enron Corp. Guaranty with respect to the obligations of Enron Canada and Engage Canada (still covered under the existing guaranty, and such replacement is still under negotiation).  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Attached is documentation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State reflecting the name change of Engage Energy US, L.P. to Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P., such name change to be effective on October 3, 2000 (per the corrective amendment filed with the Delaware Secretary of State attached hereto.  Please make a note of this name change in your records. 
 Davis Minns, Robert McGrory, and Alison Keogh in the Australia Legal Office, and Jane McBride and Yo Yamanishi in the Japan Legal office need full edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database in Lotus Notes.  Can you let me know when this has happened.  Can you also get the view capability to the Legal Online Trading Database.  Thanks 
 I have received a Notice of Assignment that effective 8/21/00, Public Service Electric and Gas Company has transferred to PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC its interest in the ETA with ENA dated 01/11/00.   A copy of the assignment will be sent to Lisa and Tom.  Please let me know if you have any problems with this assignment.  If not, I will get Leslie Hansen to sign off on the form and get it signed. 
 Sure, see your there.    Karen Lambert 10/16/2000 02:55 PM 
 Per our conversation, attached is the form of ISDA Agreement, with Enron guaranty attached to it.  As we discussed, Cadwalader will issue an enforceability opinion with respect to the Enron Corp. guaranty, so we need to provide them with an opinion with respect to Enron Corp. general corporate matters.  Thanks for your help! 
 Mary,  At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  Please call me or Bob with any comments or questions you might have.  My phone no is 713/853-3399 and Bob can be reached at 713/853-0397.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please fax a signed copy to me at 713/646-3490.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I'm still looking for that list of approved European countries for online trading.  Any word...? 
 I received a faxed copy of the Customer Registration Form, Password Application and Letter Agreement amending the ETA.  I expect the originals to follow tomorrow.  I will have copies walked down to Lisa since the customer is eager to start trading.  I will follow with the originals in the usual course of business. 
 No, no ISDA's or other master agreements in place with this counterparty.    Justin Boyd 10/17/2000 05:04 AM 
 I  think maybe if we could get together with Frank and call Jeff then we could resolve this w/o continuing circular conversations.  Jeff is familiar with the issue now.    Mark Taylor 10/17/2000 09:25 AM 
 Below is an icon that will get you view access to the financial agreement database.  This lists all the financial agreements we either have executed or have drafts out to the counterparty (except Australia, which we are currently loading into the database).   This database is available with view access to any Enron employee.  If you have any questions about a specific entry, please do not hesitate to call me (or email me!).  Link -->       Anne Edgley 10/17/2000 10:15 AM 
 Derek Davies faxed down copies to the Enmax master and the file is missing. Can you let me know if you have it.  Thanks. 
 It was somehow sent to me to.  I think they're sending it to all employees.    Shawna Flynn 10/17/2000 01:28 PM 
 I just wanted to let you know, I've got calls into Duke about the executed master and haven't heard back yet.  I will give you and Brent a call as soon as I hear something. 
 This email appears to have gone to all Houston Legal, or all Houston.  You might want to check your distribution lists.    Paul de Canha 10/17/2000 12:15 PM 
 Per my voicemail, attached is the ISDA Agreement revised to reflect those guaranty changes you agreed to. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  My "amended-no change" means I am OK with Credit changes.  Do I owe you some other old lists? 
 Well, just mentioning the landmark levels now, we just hit 460...it's not impossible that we won't get 40 more in by the end of the year... 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah...we're still waiting for 4!!!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/17/2000 03:24 PM 
 Per the attached, I think we will need to amend our board resolution(s) to add Cassandra as a signatory.  The ENA resolution appeared to have Ted specifically. 
 We have a 3:00 meeting tomorrow w/Lisa Lees and phone in to Jeff Blumenthal in tax to discuss metals and Japan issues re: signing PA's and any other documentation (in your office). 
 My assistant Taffy Milligan is tracking these down for you.  Her direct no is 57373.    Brad Lawson 10/18/2000 07:57 AM 
 Mike Haney with EBS.    Louise Kitchen 10/17/2000 05:58 PM 
 Thanks!  I'll get Lavo's title changed.  I spoke to our buddy in London this morning.  He seems to be doing wonderful, as usual.  He and Sue are getting ready to buy a new house in Twickenham, four bedrooms, garage (so he can park his new convertible home instead of across town) on the river.  It sounds really nice.  He has been traveling alot.  Weddings almost every weekend for months.  Rowing.  That about sums it up.  I ran into Gaffer for the 1st time in months.  By his traveling schedule, I think we've really hired him to be a door to door salesman.  I heard the Mounties have arrived for you.  Your new lawyer has started. Congrats! 
 I checked w/the Corp. Secretary's office, and they were unaware that Rex and Dave  were appointed as MD's, so the corporate paralegal is getting the board resolution passed adding them on, as well as adding Mark Palmer as a VP.    Louise Kitchen 10/18/2000 10:34 AM 
 Neither Enron London nor Enron London/Singapore has an ISDA Master in place with Union Oil Company of California.  ENA does, but that won't help you.       Rikesh Patel 10/18/2000 09:27 AM 
 Mark,  Mieco is the cpy where we had the misposted/bad online trade & we held up their master.  Can we send it out?    Edward Sacks@ENRON 10/18/2000 12:41 PM 
 Remember as those Ameren Energy Inc., as agent, etc. for various companies we got ETA amendments in for.  They are coming thru tonight as as online counterparty but want to start trading today.  Any problems? 
 Are you working on an ETA amendment for them? 
 Justin  I've been running around trying to determine whether we have a tax problems with Amita doing what she's doing for the above companies, and I'm hearing that you've already cleared that with tax.  Can you please confirm this for me.    Justin Boyd 10/11/2000 09:49 AM 
 First, this counterparty is OK to trade physical power.  I just spoke to Leslie, and she said it was OK to set up "Ameren Energy, Inc. as  Agent " under one cpy id # for the three utilities and that's how they would trade. We spoke to Melissa Murphy on the Power Confirm Desk and she is going to set up a special confirmation template that will add the three utilities names to the confirmations before they go out.  I think this is how Global Counterparty already set them up.  If this doesn't compute, let me know...  The Confirmations would then go out as Ameren Energy, Inc., as Authorized Agent for and on behalf of Ameren Energy Marketing Company, Ameren Energy Gathering Company, and Union Electric Company (d/b/a Ameren UE). 
 Are you holding up this cpy for any reason? 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated 10/18/00.  I will deliver a copy to Dovie Keprta, until I receive any further direction as to who you would like to be the central file keeper for eMarket Services documents. 
 Very good! 
 Thanks for the note.  Just pass on my concern for Clarissa and hope for her improvement.    Fiona Stewart 10/19/2000 06:44 AM 
 I'm OK all day long, so just email me when you want to chat (our time) and I'll make sure I'm at my desk.    Andrea Calo@ENRON 10/18/2000 07:44 PM 
 Just a note to remind you to add the "ESP' and "Country" information to clickpaper spreadsheets too so I can get those out while you're gone. 
 At the request of David Minns their short name in Lotus Notes will be EAF (for Enron Australia Finance).   David gave me a list of their masters, so I am going to enter just the names and agreement.  David and Alison will flesh out the rest of the data when he gets back. 
 Leslie Hansen just called me and it appears the power traders have asked her to review the ETA for trading on the Dynegy Website.  I told her we were meeting to develop a policy about the opening of such websites, that we had no board resolutions passed allowing the opening of them, nor do we have control procedures in place about where statements go, etc., so we can control and prevent "rogue" trading.  She said before she sent this out she would contact you. 
 The Australia office gave me a list of their masters and I have entered them into the database.  We still don't have copies.  Further, I don't know more than if it's executed and the date.   They need to flesh out the additional information that is required. 
 ANP Marketing Company has faxed in their PA and ETA amendment and we should get the originals in by fedex today.  They are hot to trade ERCOT online, and I don't know if they can trade it or not, but if we could move them up to the top of the credit review list they would be most happy. 
 The critical documents are usually the masters and any guarantees issued. Thanks for your help.    Juana.Fayett@enron.com 10/19/2000 10:32 AM 
 Mark Taylor asked me to run something on Online Trading by you.  We got a list of questions on various Online Trading issues from the Products Control Group which appears to be the group the will be managing the Online Trading HelpDesk.  One of their questions related to the desire of HelpDesk managers to periodically listen in on phone calls with the customer to ensure what they explained as a "quality control" over the responses given to customers on the HelpDesk.  They explained it as being like when your credit card company has an announcement that says the calls may be monitored from time to time.  Is this something we want to do?  If we do, that brings up other issues, and we will have to run this by our outside counsel, Sullivan & Cromwell.  Can you let me know your thoughts...Thanks! 
 Thanks for the heads up!  As usual, you're the best!    Bob Bowen 10/19/2000 10:39 AM 
 Attached is a clean and blacklined draft of the changes to the ISDA Schedule.  We have also attached the proposed form of Enron Corp. Guaranty and the legal opinions of Enron North America and Enron Corp.  The opinions of Cadwalader with respect to the ISDA and the Guaranty will be sent shortly under separate cover from Susan Lobel at Cadwalader.  It appears the only remaining issue on the ISDA is the "Conditions Precedent" provision which NYPA is still considering.  Please let me know if these changes meet with your approval. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of= =20 the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under= =20 an  ISDA Master Agreement.  This Counterparty is an affiliate of the utilit= y=20 for the Province of Quebec, Hydro-Quebec.  We will need the standard execut= ed=20 copy.  Per my voicemail, we will need the executed guaranty by Tuesday, October 2= 4,=20 2000.  Please let me know if this presents any problem.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  (i) Certificat= e=20 of Incumbency, (ii) certified board resolutions of the Policy for Approval = of=20 Guarantees (=01&Policy=018), (iii) certificate by the Treasurer or other au= thorized=20 officer certifying coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy, and (iv)=20 certified copy of Enron Corp.=01,s articles of incorporation and bylaws.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the=20 documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 I bet you thought I forgot about you?!  The lawyer up at Enron Corp. just called me and said he just got off the phone w/Deutsche Bank and they have come to an agreement as to the proposed form of guaranty.  We have one more credit issue on the master that Credit would like us to revisit with them, but otherwise I think we close to being done.  If you would like me to coordinate the execution of the guarantees you need with Enron Corp., I will be happy to assist you.    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 10/10/2000 12:57 PM 
 We have received the executed Agreement for Exchange of Confidential Information with the referenced Counterparty dated effective 10/1/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Harry,  I believe this is yours... 
 We have received the originally executed Letter Agreement amending the referenced Electronic Trading Agreement.  Copies will be distributed.  We also received the originally executed Password Application and Customer Registration Form.  I will send those down to EOL and no copies will be kept in Legal. 
 Michael Corbally just wanted me to confirm the following with you.  Per the list of Datasources you sent me, for France we've got Meteo France listed at the Paris address.  We had a confirm earlier this year using Meteo France where we used their Toulouse address.  I just wanted to confirm that the address we want as the standard address will be the Meteo France out of Paris, not Toulouse.  If you'll just confirm that for me. 
 Thanks for your help here.  Can you do me one more favor?  Can you check and make sure I am the only person that has access to change keywords.  Thanks!    Michael Neves 10/20/2000 10:23 AM 
 Attached is the link that will allow you access to referenced database.  You should have edit access (non-Legal or Credit employees can get view access only.  They should not see our comments.  That information is confidential and subject to attorney/client privilege).   Let me know if you do not have edit access.  Please do not edit entries for companies or agreements outside your area of responsibility.  A few notes...  There is some great reporting functionality in this database.  Check out some of the sorts on the left.  There is a drop down called "Pending Swap Update".  That sort will create a list of all executed and draft financial agreements.  There are ways you can sort the Pending Swap Update to generate reports for you compan  The "restrictions" column should be limited to only those issues that are critical to trading/confirmations/settlement.  Kinda, before you do/authorize a trade read this.  Not for general legal notes.  Once an agreement's status is coded "executed", it should never be coded elsewise (it will mess up reporting).  If you are amending an agreement or superseding and replacing one, code the status "executed-under amendment".  I should be the only one coded to change the "keywords" in the drop downs. If you need keywords added, send me an email and I will add them for you.  Please note, that we have just upgraded the database to add the ISDA definitions, branch offices approved for trading, and market disruption provisions.  This information should be inputted for the new master swap agreements on a going forward basis, but we still need to go back and repopulate the data for the existing master swap agreements.  Also, FYI, the "See" drop down is our nickname for the name changes and mergers reference.  If an item is filled in for that entity it should show you any prior or new names for the counterparty.  We hope you find the information provided in this database helpful.   Link --> 
 Left message with George Gilbert.  FYI, Jen Fraser left Fred's group and is now with EGM.    Sara Shackleton 10/20/2000 11:44 AM 
 I was just sitting here thinking, now that y'all are doing the financial confirms up there, your Confirmation Desk people need to be on the distribution list for our emails when we get signed masters in, so they know when they need to change from a non-master style of confirm, to a master style of confirm.  Who, pray tell, might your Confirmation Desk people be so we can add them... 
 We have received an executed Assignment and Novation Agreement dated 8/16/00 where EOL commodity swap Deal No. 267025, transacted 6/23/00 originally between Amoco Canada ("Amoco Canada") Petroleum Company and Enron Canada Corp.   The trade has been assigned as follows:  Amoco Canada assigned its interest in the trade to BP Amoco Corporation  ECC assigned its interest in the trade to ENA.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Pay  	: Bank of America, N.A.  For the Account of	: Enron North America Corp.  Account Number/ CHIPS UID : 3750494727  Fed. ABA No.	: 111000012     "JASON PETERS" <PETEJ@andrews-kurth.com> 10/18/2000 04:41 PM 
 There are a number of Argentina counterparties on this list that I will need your sign off on.  Brent said he things they will probably be OK to trade Argentina Gas, but to run it by you.  Can you let me know if you have any issues.  I am going to have to add you to the distribution for my daily lists too. Initially, we should have a rush of Argentina counterparties, but after awhile, it should dwindle.  The rule is, you have ONE DAY to respond  or I will consider you have no legal problems with a counterparty on the list. 
 In response to our comments from yesterday's form meeting, I am saving the Industrial in my forms directory, now as #5 draft.  If you have to draft one let me know, and we'll figure out which form to work off of. 
 We do not have an ISDA master in place with this cpy, however,  Susan Bailey and Sara Shackleton did send them a draft in August.  I would think unless ECTRIC is going to be a direct cpy to a master, Craig Young should contact Susan and Sara directly...?    Justin Boyd 10/23/2000 10:21 AM 
 Can you sent out that original Participation Agreement for signature to the cpy.  I am attaching my form of letter so you can copy it.  Thanks. 
 Can you please send this cpy a copy of their ISDA Master.  The contact is Kimberly Gentle at (509) 495-4055, fax (509) 495-8176.  Thanks. 
 Since this is a financial product I don't need approvals back from any of you.  I really just wanted to alert you to this new product, especially the physical steel team. 
 I just got a call from the online team, and there is a rush push on from London to get this counterparty approved ASAP.  Since you are the key person, I thought I'd pull you into the loop.  This counterparty should be coming thru on tomorrow's approval list.  I know you've got to do your due diligence, so if you could let me know how long it will take to get back to me I can let the EOL and London people know.  Much thanks!  P.S.  I enjoyed chatting with you at the seminar! 
 Per Jane's email, I think we can definitely approve them to trade Japanese products.  I want to confirm with her the approval for the rest of the products, tho I think they'll probably be OK too.  So today, you could open them for Japan. 
 I have told EOL this counterparty is approved to trade Japanese products.  I just want to confirm with you, are they also approved to trade all the other products, physical and financial around the world?    Jane McBride@ENRON 10/23/2000 07:20 PM 
 Attached is our proposed form of agreement.  If the counterparty has any questions, please have them call me.       Gillian Johnson@ENRON 10/23/2000 11:28 AM 
 Thanks! 
 FYI 
 Can you please get me off whatever distribution list my name is on.  I am not a member of any of those groups below.    Paul de Canha 10/24/2000 10:44 AM 
 Michael  Just a note that we are still waiting on sign off from Tax before we get this signed. 
 Attached is a revised copy of the referenced list.  Please note that we will be adding the NDA's coming in through the eMarket Services Group of Enron Net Works to this list. 
 Just confirming...for Utilicorp. we previously had them open for Enron Sales only....    Leslie Hansen 10/23/2000 04:16 PM 
 I'm having our messengers walk over two copies of the NDA initialled by Leslie Hansen.  If you could have one of your officers, VP or above sign them, and then when fully executed by the Company, return the original to me.  Thanks! 
 Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   December 10, 1996  Executed Date:   October 20, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:   Duke Energy Marketing Limited Partnership  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Weather Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:  ECC  PLEASE NOTE:  Party A and Party B are co-Calculation Agents under this Agreement 
 I'm going to call you Quick Draw McGraw!    Leslie Hansen 10/24/2000 02:56 PM 
 With respect to the "amends":  Calpine Power:  was already open for financial-no change to that approval  Utilicorp.:  I originally had Enron sales only for power, but Leslie is now telling me to open them for all power.  Constellation:  I originally had them shut down for financial, so I am opening them up.  I originally had them shut down for power and they should stay shut down. 
 At the request of Dovie Keprta, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Dovie at (713) 345-8664 with any questions or comments you might have.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have the agreement executed by an authorized officer of webMethods and return the copy to me for execution by Enron. 
 Per our meeting, attached are the revised drafts of the weather GTC's incorporating the tax language and completing the  Reporting Service, Reporting Agency and Data Source information. 
 Below is a revised presentation from the EOL team that should have the most updated slides for MEH's online presentation that you are working on. 
 Is OK w/you to copy the profile below, for the new gas product at the end of this email? 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees 10/24/2000 05:01 PM 
 What's the scoop on this? 
 Gillian spoke to Jeff Kinneman and he would like to get whatever documentation would be required to permit him to execute documents here in Houston on a going forward basis for Credit.com.  We don't know what it will take to do this, but it really isn't practical for us to get Jim Derrick or Mark Frevert to sign. 
 You're the best!    Michael Slade 10/25/2000 11:27 AM 
 Again, can you please take me off whatever distribution list I am on.  Thanks.    Paul de Canha 10/25/2000 12:10 PM 
 FYI, for your Gibraltar deal.  I am going to save this in attorney.fms, current forms. 
 I sent it to the crude oil option trader.  Is that good enough?    Mark Taylor 10/25/2000 11:42 AM 
 I'm not sending this out.  I'm trying to get off this list too.    Dan Masters 10/25/2000 01:06 PM 
 This is not my distribution.  I am trying to get off of it too!    Stacey Richardson 10/25/2000 01:35 PM 
 Travis needs to get copies of the ETA's below.  I don't know if there is someone here in Houston that can get them for him, or someone in London.  I usually would have called Edmund on this but he's out sick for awhile.  Can you track it down for us?  Thanks! 
 Euromoney stopped doing their great seminar a few years back.  We have not yet found any other seminar that equals it.  I'll keep my eyes posted, though.    Alan Aronowitz 10/25/2000 04:16 PM 
 You bet.  I faxed a copy out to them earlier this afternoon.  We also faxed a copy to London, and hope to get it back signed by EnronCredit.com first thing tomorrow morning.    Peter Feltman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/25/2000 04:15 PM 
 My materials are 6 years old.  Do you think they would be of any benefit?    Alan Aronowitz 10/25/2000 05:26 PM 
 Thanks for your help!  Are you getting back from vacation?  How's your house coming?  I know you are really busy, but if you get a free minute I'd love to hear the scoop... 
 Attached are some of the new steel counterparties.  I need to give EOL responses by Friday for all these counterparties.  In addition, we should have more coming through, for a total of about 100-150 new counterparties we have to approve by Friday.  I will need your responses, if any, ASAP, as I still need to fill in Legal's approvals and return them.  Thanks! 
 Nov. 4    Genia FitzGerald 10/26/2000 07:54 AM 
 Mark, It seems to me Erica's advice needs to apply not only to this NDA, but probably all of the NDA's that are going to originate from the Houston based EnronCredit.com business team.  Further, it should apply not only to NDA's, but their whole business they are originating from Houston, yes?  Maybe you need to talk to Erica... 
 Michael Slade forwarded me your advice  with respect to the Non-Disclosure Agreement with i2 Technologies.  We appreciate your help on this.  Per my conversation with Mark Taylor, this NDA will probably be the first of many coming from the EnronCredit.com business group located here in Houston and pursuing US based customers.  We wanted to confirm with you that on a going forward basis that are no tax problems with these EnronCredit.com employees executing NDA's as well as other contracts here in Houston.  Thanks for your help with this. 
 We have received the fully executed Non-Disclosure Agreement by and among Pure Markets Corporation and Enron North America Corp., Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC dated 10/25/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Per our conversation, my name is Tana Jones and I am a paralegal here in Houston Legal.  I am your first point of contact when you need to get an NDA out to a counterparty.  I work with Leslie Hansen, an attorney in our group. She will negotiate any comments to the NDA's or review forms of NDA's provided by counterparties.  We can also assist you with other types of contracts you might need.  My # is x33399 and Leslie's is x36121.  To draft an NDA I will need the following information:  1.  What form of NDA do you want.  We have 2 forms, one where only Enron is providing confidential information, and a bilateral agreement where both parties are providing confidential information.  If we have a situation where we truly are the only one providing confidential information we prefer to use the one-way form, it is drafted much more in our favor. 2.  What is the project or nature of your business with the cusomer? 3.  The counterparty's full legal name. 4.  Counterparty's address. 5.  Contact name at the counterparty. 6.  How you would like the NDA sent to the counterparty.  If you would like to to fax it, please provide the fax and phone number.  If you would like me to email the agreement, I'll need an email address.  If you would like to send it yourself, I will forward it to you. 7.  If you have a deadline for execution, please let us know.  I look forward to working with you! 
 OK, you caught me!!!    Leslie Hansen 10/26/2000 10:07 AM 
 Please put on calendar.  Thanks. 
 Nikki,  How do we dial that number from the US?  Is there a particular country code we have to use?  Thanks for your help! 
 FYI 
 Thanks Lisa!    Lisa Lees 10/26/2000 10:43 AM 
 Attached is our proposed form of NDA.  Let me know if you have any questions or if I can be of further service. 
 Attached is the one way (counterparty) only form you requuested.      Bruce Harris@ENRON 10/26/2000 12:29 PM 
 Just a note re: "Miller Balish O'Neil PC" on the list from the 25th.  I just had a conversation with Mark about that one, it sounds awfully like a law firm to us.  Unless a member of the Legal Dept. requests a guest ID for a law firm doing legal research for us, we should never grant guest ID's to a law firm.  It can only hurt us!  It's possible it could be an accounting firm. Per Mark, we wouldn't want to grant accounting firms access either.  "PC" (for professional corporation) is a good giveaway that we might have one or the other. 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated 10/26/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I really appreciate your help! 
 Credit called and asked if we could get them a rush approval on the referenced counterparty.  Let me know if you have anyproblems.  Thanks! 
 Can you add the physical products to the Legal tab so I don't have to copy them every day.  Thanks!    Walter Guidroz@ENRON 10/26/2000 12:00 PM 
 Re: Rush on Oklahoma.  They are OK for all products. 
 Above counterparty needs to be opened immediately to trade, specifically coal.  Let me know if you have any problems ASAP. 
 PSE&G just called and want to trade natural gas online and want to make sure that they can trade it under the GISB.  They want to amend the ETA to that effect.  I'm not sure how we want to handle this.  Get Stacy/Jeff's approval that their gas trades can go under the GISB, and then amend the ETA?  The woman who called is Denise Pocius at (973) 430-8181. 
 We have received the Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement between Engage Energy US, L.P., now known as Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P. and ENA dated 10/5/00.  This amendment makes certain credit changes to the agreement, including, but not limited to, changing Counterparty's Guarantor from UEI Holdings Inc., formerly know as Union Energy Inc. ("UEI") to The Coastal Corporation ("Coastal").    Copies of this Amendment and the new guarantees issued in connection therewith will be distributed. 
 Queshare,  As you requested... 
 Attached is a clean and blacklined draft of the final revisions.  Let me know if they meet with your approval and I will start processing them for signature. 
 Attached is the final version of the Enron Corp. Guaranty.  Unfortunately, the ISDA Schedule is in the hands of Deutsche Bank and I need them to turn around the revised draft.  I'm still working on it.       Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 10/20/2000 12:22 PM 
 Jennifer McQuade called again to see if we had contacted Elzear Lemieux at counterparty re: comments to an NDA.  If you haven't, his direct no. is 903/237-5408. 
 ? 
 David,  The link is at the bottom of this email. 
 When you have a minute to review this, can we meet so you can handle this response to Anthony.  Thanks. 
 When you get back into the office, can we visit about updating the ENA resolutions re: confirmation signatories.  I think we need to clean out some of the data in the Corporate Database re:  confirmation signatories.  Thanks! 
 Fred,  Per our conversation, this link will get you access into the Master Swap Agreement database, where you can look up the status of any master agreement.  If you have some time, why don't you take a look at it and see if your group would find this helpful. 
 Cute!    Kaye Ellis 10/30/2000 04:53 PM 
 Who is Molly Matheso? 
 A few news flashes re: limitations on products:  1.  The only parties that can trade Argentina physical gas are Argentina counterparties.  They have licensing requirements similar to US physical power.  All existing counterparties that are not Argentinian should be shut down for this product. 2.  Mark Taylor just found out in a meeting with the tax guys that only ENA can only enter into credit derivates with US counterparties. 
 David,  This ETA is for ClickPaper. 
 Am trying to get copies of the executed NDA's for the counterparties listed below.  When you get this can you call me.... 
 At Brent's request, I am sending you the memo below. 
 When we can get a copy of this, we need to make sure it's broad enough to cover what you're doing... 
 Christian Yoder is looking for the course material for some of the in-house derivatives seminars.  Does anyone have some material we can lend him? 
 I extend my begrudging congratulations....    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/31/2000 03:39 PM 
 FYI 
 Looks OK for me.    Lisa Lees 10/31/2000 04:25 PM 
 Justy,  We are going to be trading with Deutsche Bank out of their New York and London branch offices online.  Per my conv. w/the online team, we going to have to have them come in thru both Houston and London as a counterparty (we haven't solved multibranch customers online).  With Edmund out, I need someone to email me your Electronic Trading Agreement and Password Application so we can send them to the lawyer we are negotiating the ISDA Master with.  Can you have someone there send me the docs.  Much thanks... 
 We have received the originally executed Participant Agreements dated 10/13/00 between each of Enron North America Corp., Enron Canada Corp., and Enron Power Marketing, Inc. and the IntercontinentalExchange, LLC.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Thanks, I appreciate it!    Nicola Beales 11/01/2000 04:08 AM 
 Just a note on Kaiser, the agreement we have in place has terrible credit, and Bill Bradford w/Credit refuses to trade under it.  We are in the process of replacing it with another.    Craig Young 11/01/2000 07:14 AM 
 What is the full name of Wabash?  I'm working on a master now w/Wabash Valley Power Ass'n.    Craig Young 11/01/2000 07:14 AM 
 FYI  (p.s.  I told him Bill hates Kaiser and we can't trade under it) 
 Nony has the Mexico file.  If it's anywhere it should be there.    Brent Hendry@ENRON 10/31/2000 11:04 AM 
 FYI 
 OK.    Lola Willis@ENRON 10/31/2000 01:32 PM 
 I spoke to Ed Sacks in Credit re: AEP.  We have an ISDA in place with AEP Energy Services, Inc.  When they trade under that master they are trading for their own account.  When they trade as American Electric Power Service Corporation they are actually trading as the service company for the family of utilities under their umbrella.  So it's 2 different counterparties. 
 We had the attached agreement executed by each of Enron North America, Enron Canada and Enron Power Marketing. 
 Justy,  Re: the below, we shouldn't be signing passwords any more for ENA, so I wanted to confirm with you that I should only be preparing this resolution for EOL...?    Justin Boyd 10/11/2000 09:49 AM 
 Contacts:  Massachusetts Electric Co. - Michael Hager, 508/421-7350 Navajo Tribal Utility Authority-Diana Dechilly, 520/729-6238     Leslie Hansen 11/01/2000 04:15 PM 
 The only online trading counterparty lists I am aware you see are the lists that originate from Houston Credit.  London has their own lists of counterparties I never see.  Do you think we need to get them to forward all lists with Japanese & Australian counterparties to you and Jane for approval? 
 I haven't seen or heard anything on this... 
 Per our conversation, attached is your bid form. 
 FYI, I just sent this to the paralegals, but then I though y'all would like to know who Molly is too. 
 The above counterparty is a really old one that appears to have come online before we opened up financial power for trading.  It appears they never got opened up when it came online.  Can we add them to tomorrow's list to open them for financial power.  Much thanks! 
 My last notes on Denmark from Edmund were due diligence pending.  What's the scoop on commodity derivatives, weather derivatives, credit derivatives, derivatives in general.  Any restrictions on any other products?  Thanks for your voicemail re:  Enron Metals.  I'll give you a call in the morning when I get in.  I miss my Justy... 
 For Massachusetts Electric Company and Navajo Tribal Utility Authority: you'll notice they want to trade power and we're shutting them down.  Leslie has to call the counterparties and talk to them about their power status. They're not showing up on the FERC approved lists, so Leslie has to figure out how/if they can trade power. 
 Yes!    Michael Slade 11/02/2000 04:14 AM 
 Thanks!    Michael Slade 11/02/2000 08:29 AM 
 How clever of you to notice that this was for paralegals.  I didn't.  No, we never have any coordinated gatherings.  This may be a first!  How are you?   Did you have a good time on your Miami vacation?    Andrea Calo@ENRON 11/02/2000 01:25 PM 
 I have a bunch of NDA's coming thru, so I thought I'd send you an email:  1.  Leslie drafted an NDA yesteeday with Proxicom, Inc.  - I don't know if she ran it by you... 2.  Ariba, Inc. 3.  Commerce One, Inc. 4.  Exodus Communications, Inc. 5.  Financial Settlement Matrix 6.  Interliant, Inc. 7.  Inwarehouse.com 8.  Oracle Corporation 11.  Sabre Corporation 
 Did you ever speak to Gillian Johnson yesterday about the difference of these 2 agmts? 
 I have made Sunday brunch reservations for September 12th at Brennan's for noon.  Be there or be square... 
 We have received the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement effective as of 11/1/00 by and among the referenced Counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 09/04/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Do you not want to hear about any NDA's?    Kara Knop@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/02/2000 03:13 PM 
 Thanks Kay!    Kay Young 11/02/2000 03:16 PM 
 Primagaz Trading Paris is a French counterparty that had come thru London. Credit doesn't want them to trade US products.  I've never looked at it before, so I had to treat it as a new cpy. 
 Can you please contact Stephanie Panus with these request.  I forwarded your other one on to her and she is handling.    Anthony Campos 11/03/2000 07:54 AM 
 Yes, the attached is what we signed.    Amita Gosalia 11/03/2000 04:09 AM 
 The resolution giving Robert Cass and Sheri Thomas approval to execute Password Applications as agents and attorneys-in-fact has been executed effective 11/02/00.  I will send a copy down to Frank Davis.  The original goes into the Company's Minute Books maintained in the Corporate Secretary's Office on the 48th Floor. 
 We have received the following executed documents from counterparty:  1.  First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 04/27/99 between ECT and Engage Energy US, L.P. (i) making certain changes to setoff provisions and (ii) changing Counterparty's exposure threshold; and  2.  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) between ECT Canada and Engage Energy Canada, L.P. executed 05/03/99, effective as of 01/31/97.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the fully executed Information Services Agreement between Enron Net Works LLC and Kase and Company, Inc. dated 11/1/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Thanks    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/03/2000 04:49 PM 
 Thanks Marie!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/03/2000 04:49 PM 
 Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   September 1, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   H.Q. Energy Services (U.S.) Inc.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:   New York  Special Provisions:  The Confirmation section prescribes using the form of confirmation contained in the 2000 ISDA Definitions or the 1993 ISDA Commodity Definitions.  The timing for dispute of confirmations has been amended from the standard 2 days to 3 days.  Confirmation Desk:  note p.28 of the Schedule to the Master Agreement prescribes the rounding conventions. 
 This master agreement is with a U.S. subsidiary of Hydro-Quebec (and contains a Hydro-Quebec guaranty).  You might want to point this out to some of your traders who might be interested in trading under it. 
 We just got the executed ISDA Master and guaranty in with the referenced counterparty, a subsidiary of Hydro-Quebec (you may have noticed my email). The Counterparty wants to trade with us online immediately.  Can we get them on as an amended counterparty on Monday's list, and can we get them opened to trade financial on Monday? 
 Per Leslie Hansen, above counterparty will not be approved to trade power online.  She said she spoke to counterparty and they are a distribution company and not FERC approved to sell power.  So we will not change that profile. 
 I am looking for the merger documents dated 12/30/99 wherein Devon Energy Corp. merged with Devon Energy Production Company, L.P., and PennzEnergy Exploration and Production Company, L.L.C.  If you've got a copy can you fax it to me via 646-3490.  Thanks! 
 Why do we have so many deals from Coral that need to be assigned?    Kevin Meredith@ENRON 11/06/2000 10:58 AM 
 Can someone talk to Coral so I can get out of the business of assigning "oops" trades... 
 Thanks, I appreciate it!    Cheryl Johnson@ENRON 11/06/2000 11:11 AM 
 Re: Navajo Tribal Utility Authority:  Per Leslie, not a FERC approved counterparty.  This cpy can have read-only access for US power products. Leslie spoke to Dinanna Dechilly at the authority and they are not interested in trading power at this time, but will let her know when they are.  She will have to follow up with them re: their FERC approved status at that time. 
 We have received the fully executed Unanimous Written Consent of Managers of EnronOnline, LLC  dated 11/6/00, effective as of 10/11/00, which appoints Amita Gosalia, Dale Neuner and Sheri Thomas as agents and attorneys-in-fact to execute Password Applications on behalf of EOL.  This resolution will expire one year from the date of its effectiveness.  When you execute, please sign as "Agent and Attorney-in-Fact".  The original will be filed in the minute book of EnronOnline maintained in the Corporate Secretary's Office on the 48th floor, and a copy will be provided to Lisa Lees and Amita Gosalia. 
 We have received the executed Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement dated 10/31/00 between the referenced counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Just an update on the status of the signing.  As of Friday, Duke supposedly had signed their documents but wouldn't fax them over because they didn't like the certificate that Enron Corp. provided with respect to the guaranty. Clement Abrams,  Enron Corp.'s lawyer, spoke to Duke's lawyer this morning and is preparing an additional certificate that should address their concerns.  He is getting it signed and will then fax it directly to them and give me the original for transmittal.  I'll keep you posted on how things progress... 
 Are these physical, financial or both?    Melissa Ann Murphy 11/07/2000 09:43 AM 
 Please try and open up HQ Energy Services ASAP. 
 Gaylord Container is shut down by Credit, but it should be open, so it is going to come back thru as an amended counterparty. 
 The above counterparty should be coming on tonight's list.  We would like to open them for gas ASAP, and Credit is reviewing the financials now to give them some headroom on power.  If you could let me know ASAP whether you have any issues. 
 Enron North America Corp. has executed a Consent to Assignment dated 10/05/00 with respect to the Master Repurchase Agreement dated 01/22/97 between ENA and Goldman Sachs Canada (a limited partnership), wherein Goldman Sachs Canada has assigned its position in the agreement and transactions thereunder to Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. (a corporation).  Copies of the consent will be distributed. 
 Thanks for such a prompt response!    Harry M Collins 11/07/2000 02:38 PM 
 Please add Mark Taylor to this training.  He has put it on his calendar.    Lola Willis@ENRON 11/07/2000 02:48 PM 
 I take it you signed off on this new product.  It is pretty common that we just copy the profile for a similar product for the existing 1500-2000 counterparties.  Let me know if you think this is a problem. 
 OK w/me. 
 Scott,  Can you pass on Mary Solmonson's memo to the appropriate London lawyer responsible for Norway power contracts.  Mary is the head of Global Contracts here in Houston, and Phillipe Travis works for Mary, and just went over to London to work on getting systems in place for Global Contracts in London.  Thanks for your help! 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees 11/07/2000 03:17 PM 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees 11/07/2000 03:19 PM 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees 11/07/2000 03:20 PM 
 Sounds to me like you don't need to worry about opening them up for power...! 
 Call Leslie Hansen at x36121.  She is a lawyer and will be able to help you. I am a paralegal that assists her.    Stephen Abbanat@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/07/2000 05:14 PM 
 I haven't heard anything back from you re: this approval.  The EOL people need a sign off ASAP. 
 I heard back from the power lawyer and they do not appear to have a FERC license.  He is going to have to talk to her and clear this up.    Mary Griff Gray 11/08/2000 08:29 AM 
 I also noticed the ISDA memo, and was rooting around looking for the attachments that went with it, and couldn't find them.  There was also a few updates in a second memo there to some country opinions.  If and when Mark calls in I was going to ask him if he knows where the attachments went, because the one will cost $100 if we have to order it. 
 I'm talking to their lawyer right now.  He's checking with his power team to find out what name their FERC license is in.  However, we still do not have a Credit sign off on power yet, so I am also working with ("nagging") the power Credit person to get me some headroom.  Let's just say ANP is "evolving" as we speak!    Mary Griff Gray 11/08/2000 09:17 AM 
 US Legal would have no problem doing business with a Connecticut limited liability company (subject, of course, to Credit approval).  There are some legal considerations with respect to certain products.  In order to trade any financial products the counterparty would have to meet the U.S. "eligible swap participant" standards (which sets certain asset and net worth levels) and to trade U.S. power they would need to have a FERC license.  Otherwise, we have no problem with limited liability companies.    Stephanie Sever 11/08/2000 08:52 AM 
 Thanks for the good word!    Mary Griff Gray 11/08/2000 09:42 AM 
 Can we open up ANP for gas ASAP.  They have been dying to trade.  They want to trade power but so far Credit has not given them any headroom for power and they do not appear to have a FERC license in this name.  We are working with them trying to figure out how they can trade power. 
 Coral Energy Holdings is where we have the financial master.  Are you OK with this assignment? 
 Can you please respond to Diane.  Thanks. 
 We do have an ISDA Agreement in place between Koch Energy Trading and ENA, but Anthony is correct on a number of accounts.  First, we could not put Oslo trades under this master.  It is a Local Currency form and could not be used for any non US transaction. Second, it is quite old and our forms have evolved since then and we would not want to replicate this form.  Lastly, it has the old "ERMS" style collateral annex, and we would want to use an ISDA Credit Support Annex on a going forward basis.  I would suggest contacting Matt Dawson in London Legal and Rod Nelson in London Credit and getting a new master based off our current form.  Tana Jones, Houston Legal     Matthew Allan 11/09/2000 06:43 AM 
 I'm passing on for response. 
 A fellow from Western Publishing Company called Anthony Camppos in Global Contracts and said something to the effect that that wanted to terminate the master with us and trade(s) thereunder.  He referenced Deal No. EK9839.1. I'm not sure by this note if the company is being liquidated or just this trades, but you might want to give them a call.  Jim McClymont at (308) 532-7118 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for each of Amerex Natural Gas I, Ltd. and Amerex Power, Ltd.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Bob at (713) 853-0397  if you have any comments or questions. 
 Will attend.    Lola Willis@ENRON 11/09/2000 11:01 AM 
 This counterparty is approved for all financial. 
 Robert Jones appears to be a VP of Enron Net Works, but not EnronOnline.  By copy of this email to Deb Korkmas, I would like to confirm that the above is correct, and if it is, can we please get Robert Jones added as a VP of EnronOnline.  Thanks!    Leslie Hansen 11/09/2000 01:00 PM 
 I'm interested!  Would it be OK to invite one of my new business people from London, she doesn't know anyone in Houston yet?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 11/09/2000 04:01 PM 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement dated October 31, 2000 between webMethods, Inc. and Enron North America Corp., Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  A copy will be sent to Dovie Keprta. 
 We have a really old agreement with the referenced counterparty and I don't think we use it to trade under anymore.  I spoke to the Confirm Desk and it appears all of our trading is under Dynegy Marketing and Trade.  If you concur, I would like to inactive that master, since I'm afraid it might get attached for online trading. 
 ? 
 I noticed the memo too, and looked around this morning for the attachments that went with them, but couldn't find them.  When Mark calls in I'll ask him what happened to the attachments. 
 Per my conv. w/Tanya, the above master should be inactived (which I have already done in Lotus Notes) and taken off the executed Master List.  All the Dynegy Trading is done out of Dynegy Marketing and Trade.  Thanks. 
 Peter, I hate to say, but I had the same thought earlier this morning.  Is there not one thing we can do in this country without having a lawyer in the middle of it.  We've all lost our common sense and direction.  It sure makes for good TV, though!  I sat all last night flipping from news station to news station getting their spin on what's going on.  I can't say I've ever paid this much attention to a presidential election before.  I've been telling everybody your spin on the electoral college and the 3 party system.  That was a good thought.    Peter Keohane 11/09/2000 04:37 PM 
 Dear Mr. Dune,  At the request of Dovie Keprta, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  I have also enclosed a blacklined draft showing the changes from the NDA you executed with Enron Broadband.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have an authorized officer execute two copies and return them to me for execution by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 It's just you and me tomorrow.  Soma is having furniture delivered from Star and they said they could only come between 8-12.  So shall we drive together?  Do you want to come to my house?  At what time?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 11/09/2000 04:53 PM 
 Per our conv., above counterparty is OK to trade all products (except the usual credit deriv. & Argentina Gas). 
 The scary thing about those old goats being too blind to vote is that they're still driving!    Jon Chapman 11/10/2000 03:39 AM 
 Sounds good to me.  I'll see you tomorrow am!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@pdq.net> 11/10/2000 11:44 AM 
 Rick Borden at Macleod Dixon sent us a fax requesing copies of the documents on the prepay.  Can you send him a copy?  Also, when they're all together, can you send a copy to me for our files.  Thanks! 
 We have completed the revisions to anexb.doc (the document used to prepare credit for omnibus confirmations).  It has been moved into the attorney forms bank and is located in atty.fms/swaps/current forms/anexb.doc.  The prior form has been moved to atty.fms/swaps/old forms/oldanexb.doc. 
 At the request of Paul Finken, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please mail or fax an executed copy to me.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399.  My fax number is (713) 636-3490. 
 Michael, thought you might enjoy this! 
 Here's another spin on the election ballot! 
 Just a note that the new bandwidth is still in EBS Legal being run thru the legal and regulatory hoops.  As soon as I hear from Robbi or Marie that it's approved, I'll pass on the word. 
 I sent Scott Sefton and email and he responded that at this time he doesn't know the exact Brits that will be coming for the conference, he expects 6-8. I think we should order 8 mens shirts in large.  So I don't think you need to email him or Michael Brown.  Thanks for your help! 
 Attached is that chart that were supposed to replace with the current one on price volatility.  I tried to open it up, but it was all gobbeldy gook. Maybe you could print it out for me and then I could take a look at it and if it looks OK we could just replace it with existing one.  Thanks! 
 NYMEX is trying to get more competitive... 
 Sara Shackleton, an attorney in our group, is drafting some language that we will be proposing to Deutsche Bank in response to their request that we add the Enron companies they do financial business with to the definition of "Specified Entity".   We have some concern that by adding certain Enron entities to Specified Entity, a default in a swap transaction could possibly default certain structured loan transactions with a swap component, and we are trying to carve those transactions out.  Sara is also working on the FUNB agreement.  I checked with her and the FUNB agreement we had been working from was so old that we agreed to start from the latest form of our agreement, so Sara sent Dee Travella at FUNB a revised draft on 11/8/00.  Sara's direct phone no. is 713/853-5620.    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 11/13/2000 10:09 AM 
 I forwarded your agreement to Leslie Hansen, an attorney in our group, and she would prefer to work from our form if possible.  Let me know if this is a problem.    "John Nugent" <jnugent@purchasepooling.com> 11/10/2000 03:06 PM Please respond to jnugent 
 Jennifer McQuade with EOL called checking on the status of your conv. w/Elzear Lemieux with cpy.  Have you resolved the ETA questions yet? 
 I checked w/Mark Taylor, and he can't approve me going to Calgary until he checks it with Mark Haedicke to see if it's OK, which he won't do until he gets back in town, which is in two weeks.  I hope that isn't going to cause any problems...    Greg Johnston 11/10/2000 11:20 AM 
 At the request of Dovie Keprta in our eMarket Services Group, I am enclosing a draft of our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for David Endicott's review.  I am also attaching a blacklined draft showing the changes from the NDA you executed with Enron Broadband Services.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Leslie Hansen, Senior Counsel at (713) 853-6121 with any questions or comments you might have.  We look forward to hearing from you.    Tana Jones Senior Legal Specialist 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Idea Integration Corp. (d/b/a Idea Integration) and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC dated 11/9/00.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Per my conv. w/cpy and Credit, please open the referenced counterparty to transact all financial. 
 Thanks, I appreciate your help!...will I be able to get it tomorrow? 
 Will attend!    Lola Willis@ENRON 11/13/2000 03:02 PM 
 We have received the following executed NDA's:  Between Amerex Power, Ltd. and Enron North America Corp., Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnlie, LLC dated 11/09/00.  Between Amerex Natural Gas I, Ltd. and Enron North America Corp., Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnlie, LLC dated 11/09/00.  Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 I just got them in today.  I will fedex you a copy.  Thanks for all your help!    "Susan Lobel" <Susan.Lobel@cwt.com> 11/13/2000 03:03 PM 
 We have received an executed financial Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   October 23, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   Power Authority of the State of New York  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Pulp, Lumber & Paper, Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Choice of Law:   New York  For those of you keeping track, this brings us to 470 executed financial agreements! 
 Attached is a current list of the NDA's I am working on for the EOL and Net Works teams.  Please take the time to look at this list and confirm the status of any NDA's you are interested in. 
 My favorite election comment to date comes from Gore who said today he was not "focused on the contest, but our democracy".  Such a thoughtful, selfless person! 
 For this list of amends, my comments mean:  Cinergy-already had them open for financial & power, Credit's changes should have no impact on my prior approvals. Dynegy Power Marketing-shut them down for financial (& Argentina gas) Nui Energy Brokers-already had them open for all financial, OK with Credit's changes. 
 Can you check on the name of RAG American Coal Sales Company.  We have a note in our Financial Trading Agreement database that pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, RAG American Coal Sales Company further changed its name to RAG Coal Sales of America, Inc. on 4/6/2000.  Our file is missing so I cannot find the hard copy of the name change.  Thanks.    Adnan Patel@ENRON 11/10/2000 09:25 AM 
 Your call to Mark Taylor in Houston Legal was forwarded to me for response. Mark is on vacation in Germany until the end of next week.  Per your voicemail, you has some US market descriptions that you need to have reviewed.  I just left Mark a voicemail on his cell phone, I'm not sure if I will hear from him tonight or not.  If youcould email or fax me the document/information you need reviewed, I will run it by Mark as soon as I hear back from him.  I'm sorry I can't be of more help for the immediate moment, but I will respond as soon as I hear from Mark. 
 I'll leave you a check tomorrow.  Also, I'm taking Friday afternoon off to meet the stove repair guy.  Can you meet me there to do house & yard clean up day?    "Louis Fernandez Co." <lofeco@ev1.net> 11/14/2000 09:08 AM 
 The big switch here is that we're shutting Public Service Electric and Gas Commpany for power.  All their power will be traded out of PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC. 
 Perfect, it had another meeting scheduled for 3:30 I had to attend!    Lola Willis@ENRON 11/14/2000 09:24 AM 
 Can you email me your form?  How about lunch today?    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/14/2000 09:31 AM 
 Is Calpine Energy Services, L.P. a name change from Calpine Power Services Company?  If it is I need to see the name change, because I have a financial master executed under Calpine Power Services.  Can you fax it to me at 713/636-3490.  Thanks!    Adnan Patel@ENRON 11/10/2000 10:01 AM 
 You are the best!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/14/2000 09:59 AM 
 If we both agree that the counterparty should now be RAG Coal Sales of America, shouldn't your spreadsheet reflect that name?  I'm confused.    Adnan Patel@ENRON 11/14/2000 09:57 AM 
 So, back to my original question, is this a name change? 
 I will be taking Friday p.m. off to meet stove repair guy & contractor. 
 Yeah!  Also, I spoke to Dalzenia and she is going to move that dirt around by the fence.    "Louis Fernandez Co." <lofeco@ev1.net> 11/14/2000 10:21 AM 
 Per a call from Rod today, our executed master list hasn't picked up the following name change:  Lomak Petroleum Inc. to Range Resources Corporation.  Thanks! 
 Can you fax me the merger documents to 646-3490.  Thanks! 
 Anyone have these merger docs? 
 But I did respond.  I said "yeah!" on the thermostat.  You're confusing me...I don't know where Michelle is.  She should be in town.  She must just be busy at work.    "Louis Fernandez Co." <lofeco@ev1.net> 11/14/2000 01:32 PM 
 Now don't be afraid to tell us what you really think...!    Peter Keohane 11/14/2000 12:35 PM 
 As you requested, to clear up any confusion regarding the responsibilities of the paralegals in the financial trading group:  We have four paralegals, myself, Susan Bailey, Samantha Boyd and Stephanie Panus.  Marie Heard is no longer is our group, she works for Enron Broadband.  Below are responsibilities of the paralegals in our group:  Tana Jones:  Primarily all EnronOnline issues.  (1) I am the primary Legal contact for counterparty approvals for all Legal Groups.  Individual contract problems should be sorted out with the relevant Legal group (i.e. physical gas, power, etc.) the same way as they would be resolved offline.  (2) As my time allows, I try and help on ISDA negotiations, so if you see a master with my name on, feel free to call me.  Day to Day Financial Contract Drafting and Questions:  Can be directed to any of Susan, Samantha, or Stephanie.  Copies of Executed Masters:  Call our assistant, Taffy Milligan at x57373, she can get you copies.  Merger/Name Changes:  Stephanie Panus  Executed Master List:  Susan Bailey  I hope this straightens things out! 
 OK for me! 
 OK for me! 
 This Counterparty is on the 11/9/00 EOL List.  We have received documentation that reflects that Calpine Power Services Company, an entity where we have an ISDA Master in place, has merged with and into Calpine Energy Services, L.P., an entity where we don't have an ISDA in place with.   Is Credit OK with this merger? 
 I am sending down this list, with all counterparties approved except Calpine, which I am still waiting on Credit approval on the Calpine Power Services/Energy Services merger.  As soon as I get their sign off I will send down an amended spreadsheet. 
 Pursuant to the Certificate of Merger filed with the Delaware Secretary of State effective 11/1/00, Calpine Power Services Company, a California corporation has been merged with and into Calpine Energy Services, L.P., a Delaware corporation.  The ISDA Master Agreement with Calpine Power Services Company dated 10/20/99 will be changed accordingly. 
 Attached is the Annex B for Catalytica. 
 Nope, it's a merger.    Tanya Rohauer 11/14/2000 03:35 PM 
 Here's that email of "Bushism's". 
 I just can't help myself!  - DemBallot.gif 
 I believe that this was authored by James Carville:   NEW YORK (AP) --The New York Mets announced today that they are going to court to get an additional inning added to the end of Game 5 of the World Series. The batting, pitching, and bench coaches for the Mets held a press conference earlier today.  They were joined by members of the Major League Players Union. "We meant to hit those pitches from the Yankee pitchers," said the Mets batting coach.  "We were confused by the irregularities of the pitches we received and believe we have been denied our right to hit."  One claim specifically noted that a small percentage of the Mets batters had intended to swing at fast balls, but actually swung at curve balls. It was clear that these batters never intended to swing at curve balls, though a much higher percentage were not confused by the pitches. Reporters at the press conference pointed out that the Mets had extensively reviewed film of the Yankees pitchers prior to the World Series and had in fact faced the Yankees in inter-league play earlier in the year. "The fact remains that some of the pitches confused us and denied us of our right to hit," said the Mets batting coach. "The World Series is not over yet and the Yankees are celebrating prematurely."Major League Baseball has reviewed the telecast of all the World Series games and recounted the balls and strikes called by the umpires of each game. "While some of the strikes called against the Mets were, in fact, balls, there were not enough of them to change the outcome of the World Series," the commissioner said. Another portion of the Mets legal claim stated that, based on on-base percentage, the Mets had actually won the World Series, regardless of the final scores of the games.  "It's clear that we were slightly on-base more often than the Yankees," said  a Mets spokesman.  "The World Series crown is rightly ours."The manager of the Mets has remained in relative seclusion, engaging in some light jogging for exercise.  He has stated that he believes "we need to let the process run its course without a rush to judgment." 
 Attached is the revised list giving Calpine Energy Services the same approval as Calpine Power Services (except no Argentina gas). 
 Per the request of Sara, I am attaching Annex A and Annex B to the Omnibus Confirmation for the referenced counterparty. 
 Bandwidth now OK per Marie.  She should have GTC to you no later than noon tomorrow.    Lisa Lees 11/07/2000 03:08 PM 
 No, we don't currently have Alberta Prepay docs.  Greg has finally gotten them all and is preparing sets. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please sign the NDA and return it to me via fax (713) 646-3490.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399.  Tana L. Jones Senior Legal Specialist 
 Jill Cicchino <JCicchino@prebon.com> 11/15/2000 09:32 AM 
 Per Mark's request, can we rename the headings on two charts with our gross numbers to match my list:  "Net long or short position in all months combined" should be the net of our aggregate position, and "Gross Long or Short Position" should be our gross position on either side of the market, with the positions not netted out. 
 At the request of Mark Taylor, can you get Sara Shackleton and Brent Hendry passwords too so they can review the Dynegydirect GTC's.  P.S.  Do we have any particular deadline for getting them approved?  Thanks!     Stephanie Sever 11/15/2000 10:02 AM 
 You guys crack me up!    Peter Keohane 11/15/2000 10:50 AM 
 Mark Taylor has asked me to forward the attached email to each of you.  Per Mark's direction and the email, we need to sign off, from a Legal (not business) perspective only, on the attached descriptions of the 12 product areas to be traded online.  So far we have only received 5 of the referenced 12 descriptions.  I will forward the additional descriptions to the relevant Legal group when I receive them.  Per the attached email, Awais needs our Legal sign off by Friday.  I understand Alan may be out for the rest of the week so the attached descriptions on Coal, SO2 and NOX will need to be approved by someone else in his group.  I'm not sure who that would be.  Could you let me know?  Mark asked if Shari and Sara could sign off on the weather and pulp & paper description for our group.  Thanks for your help! 
 Mieco 471 
 Heck, we all know sending an agreement out for signature doesn't mean getting them back signed.  If we had every agreement signed we sent out, we'd be at 1000!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/15/2000 04:12 PM 
 Awais,  I have forwarded the descriptions you have sent us thus far to the respective Legal Trading Lawyers to sign off as far any legal issues we may have with the descriptions.  I understand your deadline is the end of the week.  When can I expect the remaining descriptions? 
 Jay, this one is from one of our London lawyers to me and a Canadian lawyer. 
 These last two were especially good.  I guess the best thing about this mess is that it has provoked such good humor!    Jon Chapman 11/16/2000 05:20 AM 
 You guys are cracking me up.  I had tears streaming down my face this morning!  (hey, but I thought y'all played "American Football" too, maybe I'm confused).    Peter Keohane 11/16/2000 09:50 AM 
 At the request of Leslie Hansen, I am enclosing a clean and redlined draft of the revised NDA. 
 Yes! 
 We have received the fully executed Confidential Nondisclosure Agreement dated 11/13/00 between Sapient Corporation and Enron Net works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Can you please direct one of the paralegals to assist Angeline with getting this documentation in place.  I thought Susan would be appropriate because she handles internal masters, but I understand she is only responsible for RMT Masters. 
 I told the online people I had to shut them down for power because we didn't have them on any FERC lists.  Below is their ph. # (when you get a minute!). 
 I have passed your request to Mark Taylor to assign to another paralegal.  I no longer handle the day to day swap work, I am working on Online predominately now.  By copy of this email, I will ask Mark to let you know what paralegal he has assigned this to.    Angeline Poon 11/15/2000 03:25 AM 
 RUSH BELOW. 
 This counterparty is approved for all products except power and Argentina gas (no credit deriv too). 
 (g) Additional Event of Default.  The following will constitute an additional Event of Default for purposes of Section 5(a):  (ix) (i) in the case of Party A, if Enron Corp. ceases to own, directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of Party A having ordinary voting power; or (ii) in the case of Party B, if Enron Corp. ceases to own directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) or more of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of Party B having ordinary voting power. 
 We only send this to the legal team that follows, not the distribution that Brad sends it to. 
 Attached is Annex A for the Omnibus, revised only to change "ECT" to "ENA". 
 What do you think? 
 On First Energy, we originally had them open for financial and shut down for power, no change to that earlier approval. 
 I thought this might be helpful. 
 Thanks Justy, you're the best!    Justin Boyd 11/17/2000 02:33 AM 
 All the counterparties below can trade physical, and only the two I've marked below in red can trade financial.    Camille Gerard@ENRON 11/17/2000 09:29 AM 
 Just a reminder, starting today until I get back after the holidays, send the counterparty approval lists to my assistant Taffy Milligan, and she will forward them to the Legal team, so they can be working on their approvals while I'm gone. 
 You are right.  They need to get the date on their calendars, and pass it on to anyone they might think is coming. 
 Per your request, I am attaching the Executed Masters List.  Please feel free to call me anytime I can be of help! 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement dated 11/15/00 between the referenced Counterparty and Enron North America Corp., Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement dated 11/20/00 between the referencec Counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 FYI 
 Attached is the link that will allow you access to referenced database. Please note, that we have recently upgraded the database to add the ISDA definitions, branch offices approved for trading, and market disruption provisions.  This information should be inputted for the new master swap agreements on a going forward basis, but we still need to go back and repopulate the data for the existing master swap agreements.  Also, FYI, the "See" drop down is our nickname for the name changes and mergers reference.  If an item is filled in for that entity it should show you any prior or new names for the counterparty.  If there is anyone else who would like the link, please let me know and I will forward it to them. 
 With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we have one credit issue remaining, DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement.  Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue.  With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review.  Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Group.    Denis O'Connell 11/22/2000 06:05 AM 
 Can you please give Greg Johnston, Peter Keohane and Mark Powell, lawyers in our Calgary office, as well as their assistants Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford,  full edit access to the Financial Trading Agreements database. Can you please let me know when their access has been granted.  Thanks! 
 Per our discussion, the email for that website is www.utilityconnection.com. 
 Help me...I don't understand this LME Contract.  Mark says that even though we trade it on EOL and the trade is still done directly with us, it is still considered an LME contract, and not a lookalike.  I think I might need to talk to you about this tomorrow, because I'm confused.  Also, I am getting a lot of calls from the MG people in New York about pursuing metals counterparties, and I think we need to figure out whether they should be talking to Houston or London Legal...I'm not sure who their lawyers should be...also, the online team here in Houston is pursuing their business, and it's not clear to me if I should also be having them call you about potential metals customers?  Anyway, when I get in can I give you a call?  Also, I left a voicemail for your assistant, I'm trying to track down Edmund's address so I can send him a gift, but no response?  Do you know when he'll be back, or how I can get in touch with him? 
 As usual, you're the best!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/27/2000 05:10 PM 
 On a going forward basis, can we add the type of corporation or entity the counterparty is into the "Corporate History" drop down in Lotus Notes (like Delaware corporation, North Dakota non-profit electric cooperative corporation, Texas state agency, or whatever).  It helps me and some of the non-US lawyers with their approvals for EOL..  Thanks! 
 On Basin Electric Power Cooperative, Credit wants to open them up for power, but Leslie's records are showing they are not a FERC approved marketer.  If we want to open them for power, we're going to need the name and phone number of someone at the counterparty so we can talk to them about their FERC status.  For HS Energy Services, no change to my prior approval, which would have them open for all financial except Australian power.  (Also, shutting down Argentina gas...) 
 This link should be ok.    Bridgette Anderson@ENRON 11/28/2000 09:38 AM 
 Thanks Lisa!    Lisa Lees 11/28/2000 10:07 AM 
 FYI 
 Not wanting to duplicate any efforts, I think Laurie Meyer, a paralegal in Alan Aronowitz's group, is going to send me copies of the Australian ISDA's when they come in.  Thanks for the offer!    Jana Morse@ENRON 11/20/2000 11:01 AM 
 Mark,  There has never been a time in our Group before where any member of our Group was cut off from mass distributions that were sent to all of our client base and member of the Group but me.  If the intent is to cut me off and make me feel isolated from the Group and my friends, clients and customers and associates it is working! 
 I don't know who is going to work on this one, but I just wanted to remind you that we had that big file with lots of due diligence on the TVA... 
 I was just speaking to Ed Sacks, and he asked if we could add a new Credit person to our distribution lists, Wendy Conwell, who will be working with Ed on the power counterparties.  Her ext. is 30699. 
 I checked with Sara, and Thursday at 2:30 pm is OK with us.  Just let us know if the time changes.  Should we come to Bill's office? 
 Matt,  Can you let me know if the following products are approved for trading for Singapore counterparties, and what restrictions, if any, they might have (like the eligible swap participant rules in the U.S.):  Commodity Derivatives (energy commodity, metals) Weather Derivatives Credit Derivatives  Further, would there be any limitation for a Singapore counterparty to trade any of the products we offer, physical or financial online?  I am going to attach to this one of our recent excel spreadsheets showing all the products we trade.  Are there any counterparties that are problematic for derivatives in Singapore?  For instance, here in the U.S., we flag governmental entities for no trading until we have a master in place, or upfront due diligence required before we can approve mutual funds or hedge funds, etc.    Thanks! 
 Thanks for the heads up.  Let me know when you need help...    Sara Shackleton 11/28/2000 04:34 PM 
 My copy had redlines.  I passed the comments on to Leslie Hansen, an attorney in our Group for review.    Bruce Harris@ENRON 11/28/2000 05:20 PM 
 Sara, is there a reason I'm being sent this?    Angela Davis@ENRON 11/29/2000 08:54 AM 
 Will do.  Thanks for the heads up!    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/28/2000 07:54 PM 
 Matt,  As you may or may not know, I am the liason in Houston between the Online Team and Legal, coordinating all responses for counterparty approvals for all products.  I am asking because until recently I have not been approving Singapore counterparties to trade any financial products.  It has been my understanding that there are not problems for any counterparties trading physical products.  I can continue my practice of not opening Singapore incorporated counterparties to trade financial products online until I get a real push from a counterparty that wants to trade financial.  Should that be my continuing practice?    Matthias Lee 11/28/2000 07:38 PM 
 Ditto as to my feelings of isolation and punishment. 
 I've made my flight reservations home for XMAS, and they should only have me out Friday, Dec. 22.  My flight returns very early on the morning of Wednesday, Dec. 27, so if there are no delays I should be in the office late sometime that morning. 
 Will do!    Paul Finken@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/29/2000 10:29 AM 
 Can you please add my assistant, Taffy Milligan, on for full edit access to the referenced database.  Can you also delete Shari Stack from edit capability, as she is no longer in our group.  Also, can you provide me a list of the individuals with full edit access.  I need to check to see if there are other people that have left our group or legal and credit that should be taken off.  Thanks! 
 Hey, Mr. Computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?!    Kyle.Jones@radianz.com 11/17/2000 12:00 PM 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement dated 11/29/00 with the referenced counterparty.  A copy will be provided to Dovie. 
 I just spoke to Tanya and she was going for either (1) Bloomberg published a report that said energy supply was going to be low for the next couple of years, or (2) the California thing.  She hadn't heard the Energizer bunny story. 
 Just an update, Susan Bailey, a paralegal in our group, will be working on the Confirmation, her direct no. is x34737, and Stephanie Panus, another paralegal in our group, will be working on the ISDA Master, her no is x53249.  When you have that address and contact information ready for the counterparty, why don't you email it directly to Stephanie.  If I can be of further help, just let me know! 
 No problem, always happy to help!    Paul Finken@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 11/29/2000 04:24 PM 
 Please note:  we are intermediary on a deal we are structuring between Interliant and PurchasePooling, so we have added them as a party to receive the confidential information.  If you work off this form you would, of course, want to strike the reference to PurchasePooling in Paragraph 5. 
 If possible, can we hold this meeting until Mark gets back.  I think Mark's input is the most important. 
 It was good to hear from you!  We had a nice Thanksgiving here too.  It's funny, because usually it's just me, Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise.  It was good having the girls down.  We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challenging. It's not for the meek.  It was incredible what a good player Alena was.  She had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses (when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands!).  I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy.  I think compared to my house, he's embarrased about his apartment.  Then, also, he's got so much stuff in there right now, that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff.  They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment.  So he's going to have to start looking for another place.  And his apartment is so run down down I'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby.  I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby.  You'll have to come visit to check out my new house.  The upstairs "guest suite" is pretty neat.  It's got its own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy.  As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice.  It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us.  But, I guess, it's a start...  I've already made my XMAS plans.  I leave the evening of the 21st, my flight comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am.  It's good chatting with you.  Keep in touch!     Kyle.Jones@radianz.com 11/29/2000 05:07 PM 
 You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again.  Thanks!    Adnan Patel@ENRON 11/29/2000 04:49 PM 
 Attached is the referenced agreement.  Let me know if the notice information is OK with you.  If so, I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today, then bring it to you for countersignature.  Thinking about that, what's your title?  I'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority... 
 No, it does not mean that.   Adding all the Enron "Specified Entities" would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement.   Our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component.    Richard Sage 11/30/2000 10:52 AM 
 I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority, and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own, but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we're OK.    Sheri Thomas 11/30/2000 10:27 AM 
 The referenced counterparty has applied in London for a password application.  Can you let me know if this presents any problems for each of your trading groups products?  Thanks! 
 FYI, I understand from our natural gas people that they do not like the EnergyGateway form of GTC and want to transact on their platform with only counterparties where we have a master agreement in place. 
 I've got some changes to make to that assignment and then I'm ready to send it to them.  Do you have a contact for me to send it to?    Melissa Ann Murphy 11/30/2000 11:06 AM 
 Will the LME transactions go under a relevant financial master, if any, or will they always be standalone under the GTC? 
 Per the request of Bill Bradford, I am attaching our standard Material Adverse Change clauses. 
 Anthony,  We have Confidentiality provisions in many of our swap agreements that prohibit us from providing copies of our master swap agreements to other parties, including, other Enron affiliates.  All requests by non-Enron North America employees for copies of swap master agreements should be forwarded to the paralegals in the Swap Group to determine if the agreement will allow us to provide copies to such affiliate, or whether we would  need counterparty approval to do so.  With respect to the agreements listed below, I will take a look at those and let you know whether they present any problem.  Andrew Wells 11/30/2000 03:00 PM 
 Thanks, I'll fax it over to her today!    Melissa Ann Murphy 11/30/2000 03:27 PM 
 Does Dr. Batsell's company have a name?    Kal Shah 11/30/2000 03:18 PM 
 FYI,  Bill Bradford in Credit had a conference call today with the Deutsche Bank Credit person and I think we have come to agreement on not adding any specified entities to the ISDA Master Agreement.  He also discussed  proposed credit limits for the three other Deutsche Bank masters we want to get in place (including EnronCredit.com).  I think we are done now and hope to get execution documents from them, since the documents are on their system.  Our intention is to then get Deutsche Bank to turn around 3 like masters, making any changes necessitated by change of law, and otherwise turn around the remaining masters quickly.  I'll keep you posted.    Richard Sage 11/30/2000 10:52 AM 
 We're going to have a Legal happy hour tomorrow at the Blue Agave, and it would be no party without you there.  Hope you can make it (and ask any of your buddies in Legal you want to ask!). 
 Please forward this to 70 of your closest friends... 
 We do have a Credit Support Annex in place.  Once we sign the ENA agreement, we will make your requests to DB.    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 12/05/2000 06:08 AM 
 On your counterparty list for the UK, have you identified which counterparties are utilities or governmentals?  If you have that would help me alot.  Thanks! 
 Another good one! 
 Per email from Leslie Hansen, one of our power attorneys, counterparty cannot transact US physical power.  On the financial side, we just got an ISDA Master Agreement in place with this Counterparty, so they should be ok for all financial (except Credit Derivatives (bankruptcy swaps)).  We will only consider those on a case by case basis.  Per Sara Shackleton, an attorney in the Swap Group, there is nothing about this counterparty that would require any special reps and counterparty should not in any way be considered a "governmental".  No Argentina gas for any non-Argentina counterparties.  All other US products appear to be OK. 
 It was making me sleepy just looking at it!    Genia FitzGerald 12/05/2000 10:41 AM 
 See if this works... 
 We have received the following fully executed documents back from EnergyGateway:  1.  Provider Agreement dated 12/04/00.  This Agreement provides that the Monthly Membership Fee of $1,500 shall be waived for the first six months of the contract, starting November 30, 2000 thru May 31, 2001.  2.  Natural Gas Marketplace General Terms and Conditions dated 11/30/00.  A copy will be sent to Sheri Thomas and Craig Breslau. 
 A woman named Janette Bertel at McLaren Energy just left a message for Genia who had just sent them a power master, that they also want to get an ISDA Master in place with us.  The woman's phone no is 819/986-4616.  If you could send up some credit for this, we'd appreciate it! 
 The wheels of DeutscheBank turn very slowly.  It appears their Credit guy didn't communicate our agreement regarding Specified Entities to his legal team, so Sara Shackleton said they are confirming that information before they send a revised draft.  Further, he said all changes have to be sent to Germany first for approval, so now we need to wait on Germany...!    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 12/05/2000 08:41 AM 
 For those of you keeping track, Carrizo makes 475 master swap agreements. Conferring with Team Swap, we have at least 20 masters out or going out for sigature this week (including the 9 Merit Energy Partner masters).  Unlike the media in the Presidential Election, I hesitate to call this one an early win (especially after seeing the Board in Marie's office!), but I must say, Team Swap is looking strong. 
 Bob,  Per your request, attached are the online trading GTC's.  It looks like Mark has all of them, not just financial.  I'm going to talk to Stacy about this when she gets in, because I know she was talking about adding it in.  I'll get back to you. 
 My strategy on hand recounts, is that if if the opposition wants one, they'll have to do it themselves!      Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 12/05/2000 04:14 PM 
 Justin & Matt,  Beth Cowan is a member here of the EnronOnline Marketing Team.  Her Counterparty, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, would like to get an ISDA Master Agreement in place with ECTRIC (per Beth, they don't like our form of GTC).  We already have a Local Currency form in place with ENA, but obviously, that would not be an appropriate form for London to use.  It is also on our form of Schedule from 1996, which we wouldn't want to work off of either.  In addition, I've checked the Confidentiality Provisions, and they do not have affiliate language in that would allow me to provide a copy of the agreement to you w/o counterparty's consent.  Saying all that, could you please help Beth out... 
 Who is Robert Mcgrory?  Is he a member of the Legal Dept? 
 With respect to your request:  1.  I take it "ECTRL" is the Master Agreement between ECTRIC and ENA.  All the internal masters are kept in Houston.  I will send you a copy. 2.  Moravske Naftove is an agreement that London Legal got in place.  We do not have copies here, I suggest you contact Matt Dawson to get a copy. 3.  Risk Mangement & Trading/ECTRIC-I will send you a copy. 4.  State Street Bank, as Trustee/ECTRIC-this was for the Cash VI Project and is not for general trading purposes.  I will send copies to you. 5.  Elf Trading S.A./ECTRIC-London Legal should have copies.  Contact Matt Dawson    Andrew Wells 11/30/2000 03:00 PM 
 At the request of George Zivic, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  Please call me at 713/853-3399 or Leslie Hansen, Senior Counsel, at 713/835-6121 if you have any comments or questions. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing a copy of our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or email me your comments. 
 The meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm to discuss netting between the physical and financial contracts will be held in Bill Bradford's office. 
 Matt and Denis,  Can you help us with this NDA we need executed for an EnronCredit. meeting on Monday?  If you could print it out on EnronCredit.com letterhead and have Denis initial it for signature.  Because of time, Leslie can't initial this before we execute it, but we promise she will initial it before we send it out to the customer.  Then, can you have it executed by an officer of EnronCredit.com and return it to me at fax nol 713/646-3490.  Thanks for your help! 
 Here are the next four descriptions.  Per Awais's message below, he is still trying to get these by today.  I know it is a little late....let me know if this will be an issue.  Please give me your comments so I can coordinate responses.  Thanks! 
 I see you two are on the Reliant agreement.  Deedy Russo, who is manager of contracts at Reliant, asked if we could contact them about getting an ISDA Master in place to replace the old ERMS Agreement.  She siad we should contact Janna Lynn Galloway, a paralegal there.  Her number is 713/207-5893. 
 It is in Mark Taylor's hands.  Unfortunately, he is out sicke    Dawn C Kenne 12/07/2000 02:03 PM 
 This is a Mark Taylor Question. 
 We have received an executed copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement between Analytica, Inc. and Enron Net Works, LLC and EnronOnline, LLC.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels and Kal Shah. 
 We have lots of ISDA's in place with "Southerns", "Southern" who?    Chris Gaffney 12/08/2000 09:09 AM 
 We have an ISDA Master Agreement (Local Currency-Single Jurisdiction) in place with between ENA and Southern Company Energy Marketing L.P.  I am a little concerned if Canada wants to trade under this pursuant to the Services Agreement.  Being a Local Currency-Single Jurisdiction form, it does not have tax and currency provisions that would enable us to do a cross border trade. If you would like to do trades under this, we might want to consider amending it to add the necessary provisions, adding the provisions into the confirmation, or replacing it with a Multicurrency Agreement.    Chris Gaffney 12/08/2000 09:24 AM 
 Any thoughts on how you would like to approach this? 
 Mark Taylor has asked me to forward to the relevant attorneys the following market descriptions.  Obviously, for you, the weather one is yours, I sent the pulp & paper to Sara.  We need to review the market descriptions from a legal perspective only.  Awais is trying to get them back by today.  Let me know if that will present a problem.   He still hasn't got the liquids ones written, he says we'll have those by Monday.  I am coordinating the responses, so please return any comments you might have to me for transmittal to Awais.  Thanks for your help! 
 I would like to amend my earlier approval with respect to the ISDA Master Agreement we recently executed with this Counterparty to limit their financial trading to energy commodity trading only.  This counterparty is NOT approved to trade any other products including , but not limited to, weather, pulp & paper, plastics, steel, metals, interest rate & currency, fx, or credit derivatives. 
 I'm just sitting here worrying about one of my side deals with Frank, so just to reiterate a global shut down (like-no one does Credit Derivatives unless we really mean it), no non-European based counterparty (in all probability, no counterparty originating from U.S. Credit) should be approved to trade European physical power products.  They have licensing requirements similar to our FERC licensing.  Thanks! 
 So far, I can probably leave on time today, which would be about 5:30 pm. Let's just check again as the end of the day gets closer.  I think it would be a good idea to meet there, since we're coming from opposite directions. Dinner sounds good to me....    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 12/08/2000 04:32 PM 
 Oops, already had to make change! 
 Can she get it wrong twice within 1 minute?  The answer is YES! 
 For the two amended counterparties listed, I have amended-no change, because neither was approved for physical power or financial trading, and I do not want that to change.  I don't care about Credit opening them up or shutting them down for physical gas. 
 Are you there.  I tried calling and no one picked up.  I'm ready to go...    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 12/08/2000 05:03 PM 
 ENA does not have an ISDA Master in place with PG&E Energy Trading Power L.P.  Enron Canada does have an ISDA Master in place with PG&E Energy Trading, Canada Corporation.  Could the trades be done under that master?  Also, below is an agent that should connect you to the Financial Trading Agreement database, where you can look up what master agreements we have in place.       Jan Wilson 12/11/2000 07:26 AM 
 I haven't done anything.  I was waiting for you to get back in to discuss this...    Sara Shackleton 12/11/2000 08:16 AM 
 Just wanted to let you know I faxed the OMnet Agreement over to Susan Gill today about 3:30 pm our time.  I have the originals and asked her to tell me what address she wants me to send the originals to.  I didn't date the front page of the agreement because I didn't know what date you wanted them to be effective so I'll leave that to y'all to work out.  I'm working on getting the other documents signed and I guess I can get them all out in the same package, maybe tomorrow.   I'll visit with you tomorrow about what to do. 
 The MAC clauses are attached to the ISDA Master Agreement.  I will have a sample copy walked down to you. 
 My new address is:  1920 Banks St., Houston  77098.  I would love to come to your dinner party!    Mary Cook 12/11/2000 08:38 AM 
 Yep, we had a nice time.  I tried calling you about 4:00 yesterday, but there was no answer, so I figured you didn't want to go.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 12/11/2000 10:53 AM 
 What's the scoop on getting this signed? 
 Thanks!    Stephanie Sever 12/11/2000 11:14 AM 
 I sent you the regular online approval by mistake.  Below are clickpaper. 
 Per our conversation.  1.  Replace front outdoor light fixture. 2.  Add door numbers to bottom of front door (1920 Banks). 3.  Add door knocker to middle of front  door (cute kitty door knocker!). 4.  Replace light in front sunroom with new light. 5.  Fix window in back sunroom so it locks or closes (I'm afraid it would be easy to pry open, and we have had recent robberies in neighborhood). 
 Attached is another NDA we need to get signed ASAP.  If you could help us with this, we'd appreciate it! 
 Sure, I'll take care of it!    Sara Shackleton 12/11/2000 03:06 PM 
 The referenced Counterparty wants to trade physical power.  Leslie has signed off on them from a Legal standpoint, but Credit still has concerns and has assigned them no power headroom.  I spoke to Jeff Mansfield in their Legal Dept. and he is going to have his Credit guy call Ed Sacks tomorrow. 
 Tana will attend.    Sheri L Cromwell 12/11/2000 04:45 PM 
 I have no idea if it was or not.  Would you like to pass it on, or do you want me to?  Does he know what's going on? 
 With respect to the trade done today with Gases y Graneles Liquidos S.A., please find attached a Chilean Annex A for an Omnibus form of confirmation. Please attach this form and make an election for NY law as the choice of law.  Along with the fax of the Confirmation to the Counterparty, please also fax a form of IRS Form W-8BEN and ask the Counterparty to complete the form and return it to us.  Craig, can you talk to the Counterparty and make sure they send us back the tax form?! 
 Per the email below, this has been approved.  I had to revise the attached copy to fix the header and page break, so use the copy I sent you.  Thanks for your help! 
 Can I sent a copy of this down to Credit?  How about Joe Hunter?    Mark Taylor 12/12/2000 09:08 AM 
 As we discussed, I am attaching our proposed form of Bilateral and Enron Protected Party Non-Disclosure Agreements.  Please direct any comments you may have to Mark Greenberg at x58897.  We appreciate your help with this! 
 I would, I will contribute $25.  I have to walk over to the bank to get some cash.    Sheri L Cromwell 12/12/2000 11:53 AM 
 fyi- 
 Awais  Your email captured the concern of our lawyers concerning business review of these descriptions.  They are being forwarded to our business people now for review, but I don't expect that we will have them ready until Tuesday (Monday being a federal holiday here).  I don't know what problems this is going to cause, but our lawyers feel it is very important that we get this business input on these descriptions.   Jeff Hodge left a voicemail with David Forster to this effect. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing a clean and redlined copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement revised to include your comment.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have the agreement executed and return a copy to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron and return a copy to you via fax. 
 Whatever Tom decides to mirror these two new products from, ditto from me!    Lisa Lees 12/12/2000 01:56 PM 
 Ditto Tom.    Lisa Lees 12/12/2000 02:36 PM 
 Ditto Tom.    Lisa Lees 12/12/2000 02:40 PM 
 Attached is my proposed form of Amendment, which would delete the old style "ERMS" Collateral Annex and replace it with an ISDA Credit Support Annex. Tanya, please take a look at the stairstep, and the segregation of collateral provisions. 
 Sure!    Lora Sullivan@ENRON 12/13/2000 09:19 AM 
 Can you please send me a copy of the fully executed NDA for our files. Thanks! 
 You can come up to our area here on 38 and reveiw any contracts you would like.  We are located directly in front on the glass doors on 38.    Carrie Richardson@ENRON 12/13/2000 10:32 AM 
 Steve, I don't know if we are duplicating your effort, but our ECT lawyers here were also concerned about business review of these product descriptions, so they have forwarded these descriptions on to their respective business groups for approval.  If we are duplicating your work, or doing something contrary to what we should be doing, please call me or Jeff and we will try to coordinate our responses.  Otherwise, we will continue the review we are doing. 
 Taffy, can you please copy these masters for Carrie ASAP.  Thanks. 
 I just left you both another message about this NDA.  Their lawyer is calling from NY, and we need it signed now.  His name is Robert Harris, his ph is 212/984-9112 and his fax is 212/984-9111. 
 Matthew Dawson 12/13/2000 12:33 PM 
 Did you draft this? 
 Attached is the UK form of ISDA Schedule which should have the UK choice of law and arbitration language in it.  I send it with a caveat that this draft is 2 years old.  The London lawyers were gone by the time I got your call, so I couldn't check to see if they have revised this, so by copy of this to Matt Dawson, I am asking him to confirm that there is no substantive change in the choice of law or arbitration language. 
 Derek,  I think we just need to revise the header on the Chilean Annex to say "Annex A-Chile".  When it was renamed, it wasn't renamed in the front of the confirmation, so we just need to fix that glitch. 
 Susan Bailey in our Group sends out this list.  Your should direct your request to her.  Thanks!    Stacey Vallejo 12/13/2000 02:30 PM 
 Please find attached our proposed Second Amendment, which would replace the current form of collateral annex attached to the ISDA Master Agreement we have in place with an ISDA Credit Support Annex and Paragraph 13 thereto.  If you have any questions or comments concerning the form please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Sara Shackleton, Senior Counsel, at (713) 853-5620.  Tanya Rohauer in our Credit Dept. can handle any credit questions you have.  Her number is (713) 853-3263.  Thanks for your prompt attention to this. 
 With respect to Commercial Risk Re-Insurance Company, a Bermuda company, although they are being sent thru to specifically open them for weather, Brent Hendry says I can't open them up until we review their Memorandum of Association (like their articles of incorporation) to confirm that nothing in them would prohibit this type of transaction.  Can you contact whomever sent you the Password Application and ask them to fax their Memorandum of Association to us.  Thanks! 
 Link --> 
 Here's the final liquids descriptions! 
 At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 if you have any comments or questions. 
 Attached please find Annex B for Salomon Smith Barney AAA Energy Fund deals nos. QD7357.1 and QE0910.2. 
 Alan, is this what you are talking about?  I forwarded your voicemail on to Mark T. 
 Attached are the revised descriptions for SO2 and NOX.  Jeff Hodge signed off on the Canada description and said it looked fine in its current form.  I will be faxing you this evening our comments to Natural Gas.  You should have received weather by separate email from Shari Stack.  Coal should be coming shortly, paper is being looked at by the business people and we will have it to you on Tuesday.  The person responsible for power is out of the office, but will be back in town on Tuesday, and we will get you her comments then. Thank you for your kind patience. 
 FYI 
 I will be attending the online presentation today at 4. 
 We are in the process of filing our annual hedge exemptions with the NYMEX for 1999.  In connection therewith, I will need to provide the NYMEX with an updated copy of the alphabetical list of Enron Corp. and Subsidiary Companies.  My last list was dated June 8, 1998.  Thanks Kate, as usual, for your help! 
 Here's coal.  That just leaves power and any revisions to pulp & paper we may get from the business people. 
 I will have the master walked down to you shortly. 
 Thursday's OK with me. 
 Awais,  I think the weather description you are referring to was sent by an attorney in our group, Shari Stack.  If that is the one you are talking about, it should be okay.   I don't know the regulatory guys, but I'll try calling Steve Kean and see if I get a response. 
 Shari, Can you take a look at this revised market description and let me know if its ok.  Thanks. 
 I spoke to Steve Kean's assistant, and told her your deadline to get all these descriptions done was the end of today.  She said she would pass the word on and try and get you comments by the end of the day.  Let me know if that doesn't happen. 
 Either day is fine for me. 
 De nada! 
 I guess I still need your market descriptions for LPG, Oil & Oil Products and Plastics and Petrochem.  Will I have them by the end of the day? 
 Thanks Shari! 
 Just wanted to check on how the financials are going.  My goal is to get everything ready no later than the first week of June so I can problem solve before I have to file by June 11th.  When the financials are ready I need to get them certified by the highest accounting officer.  Last year that was Drew Lynch who signed as Vice President, Business Analysis and Reporting. Will he be signing again? 
 I am getting ready to fax you Steve Kean's comments to the language.  Steve Kean is marking this material as to regulatory information only.  Not as to legal.  He told me he also passed these market descriptions to Karen Denney in Public Relations for her comments and she supposedly is going to send her comments to me for forwarding to you.  I will let you know as soon as I receive your comments. 
 Were you serious about our conversation Friday, or were you kidding me?  If you were serious I'd like to talk to you about it. 
 After our meeting last week I spoke to Mary about getting a list of the products trading restrictions in our financial master and I haven't received it.  With Mary out I don't know who to contact to get it, can you help me with this?  Also, would it be possible to get a list of the global contract numbers for our financial masters?  Thanks! 
 Below is the memo from ISDA that needs to be read in conjunction with that Master Netting Agreement. 
 Here are the descriptions again. 
 Taffy, you were going to check on how much vacation days I have left.  I wanted to take a few days when my mom comes in for XMAS.  Thanks. 
 I checked around and that is the most recent copy we have.  If I can be of any help whatsoever, let me know! 
 How about Thursday, next week? 
 I got Edward's markup of the description, and wanted to run it by you when you have a minute.  Let me know... 
 Thanks for your help! 
 One personal day this monday. 
 Thanks Bob.  The couch is always open, tho' (obviously!) not always helpful! 
 List looks good to me! 
 I didn't know you sent the market description to Awais, so I was following up.  I'll mark it out. 
 Here are your three remaining descriptions.  Please note that Harry has asked that Mark Taylor review the plastics description.  Mark is out of the office and will not return until Monday. 
 Awais, I sent you all these.  What happened to them! 
 All the descriptions except weather have already been emailed to Awais and I have asked him to provide them to you.  I understand you have weather which was faxed. 
 Mike,  You may recall that I have asked that Brent Hendry, an attorney in our Buenos Aires office, be given access to our Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement Database and that appears not to have happened yet.  Can you please let me and Brent know what needs to be done to grant hims access.  Brent will also need additional attorneys added to the database.  Brent, can you provide Mike with a list of any other individuals (Legal/Credit/Secretarial only) you would like granted access.  Mike, it also appears Brent would like to copy our database to set up a document tracking database in B.A.  Who should he contact here to get a new database created similar to ours?  Thanks for your help! 
 Brent,  I have asked several times to get you access to Lotus Notes.  If we don't get you access in response to this latest email, we may need to kick it higher.  Hope you are doing well...we miss you! 
 I just thought of one other thing we need to discuss with Credit in our meeting.  I've asked them to get back to me about this several times and haven't heard.  In the collateral annexes, we have interest on collateral computed at 360 days.  So we don't have problems with Canadian counterparties, I would like to change that to 365/366 accross the board.  I asked them if there was any specific reason why we've got interest on collateral at 360, like maybe it's the custom in the bank/dealer markets.  Anyway, I'd like to get that answered. 
 That power shortage Friday cut us off in the middle of our conversation about the appropriate tax language to use for a confirmation evidencing a trade between Teeside Power Financing Limited and RMT.  I have attached the proposed form of confirmation.  I have combined in it the usual tax language we have in RMT confirmations along with the language we use in a cross-border trade between a Delaware corporation (usually ECT, now RMT) and company (Teeside Power) located in a treaty country acting exclusively through non-U.S. branches (England).  Please let me know if the tax language meets with your approval. 
 Brent,  I'm sure there would be no problem with you copying our Master Swap Agreement database and using it for your contract applications.  It is my hope to use it for all the ECT trading groups, the Power group has already copies it, I spoke to London about copying it for their other trading groups, and I have shown it to other groups, from Global Contracts to EES.  All you would need to do is change the contract drop downs.  Contact Mike Neves, who is working on this database for us, and either he, or someone else can be assigned to developing a similar system for you. 
 I don't know if your directory is supposed to be the place where all the most current GTC's are kept, but there have been some changes while you've been gone.  I think Stacy has created  new firm GTC's, and Leslie Hansen has revised the power to change the tax language and also change some of the reps.  I told her to coordinate any changes she might have with David Forster.  Janice has also been revising her forms to deal with some EFP issues. 
 We have added the new One Way, Cash and Letter of Credit Collateral Annex to the back of the Industrial Master.  It is still located in my form directory, called industrial-u.s.#5.doc. 
 I'll put together some sample stuff and send it to you today.  We really do have a problem getting responses from our computer people, so I hope a relentless bird-dog effort may bring a response. 
 It's not clear to me that our draft of the referenced agreement is the latest.  Mark thought London may have made some additional changes.  Can you email me the latest draft.  Thanks! 
 Blue Range Resources Corporation is an executed ISDA Master we have for ECT Canada that went into bankruptcy.  It shows up on my list because I'm working off the original list, but it is not a good Credit counterparty so it doesn't show up on Credit's approved counterparty list.  I just want to make sure that we don't send them any mailouts. 
 Just checking to get a status report on your offsite.  I hope there was no frivolity or frolickling had by anyone...! 
 I've found a great website to check on utilities (trying to figure out if a counterparty is one, or whether its a governmental one).  It's at www.utilityconnection.com.  It even has non-U.S. utilities.  When you have a minute, give it a look. 
 Taffy, can you check Grant's list against our list of executed masters for ECT Canada.  The Canada office is missing some of the masters we have in place, and we have to provide them copies.  See me and I'll show you how to do a sort on Lotus Notes to figure out what executed masters we show Canada has in place, vs. the masters they think they have in place.  Thanks! 
 Here are the descriptions for power. 
 I am faxing you both the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement executed between Enron Gas Marketing (merged now into ECT) and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation (merged now into Utilicorp.) with respect to Utilicorp. "signing" the agreement in lieu of giving a guaranty.   Actually what Utilicorp. did in this agreement is sign as a co-obligor under the agreement (see Section 16.12 of the agreement).  They signed accepting joint and several liability with respect to the obligations.   If we can get them to agree to the same language in your master agreement that would effectively be as good or better than getting a guaranty.   Anything less (like just sticking their "name" on the signature line) may not get us much or be worthless.  All this, of course, is subject to any differences between US and UK law or issues under UK law which I will leave in Edmund's capable hands.  Let me know if I can be of further service... 
 Sent again. 
 Sign off on Canada. 
 It turns out that Jeff Hodge made plane reservations for 1:30 pm on Wednesday.  Can we move that meeting up to 11:00 am? 
 We have dinner reservations for Saturday at 7:30.  Reservation #189. 
 I will be able to attend. 
 Access to the online trading system?  If that's the questions, probably none of us. 
 There will be a demonstration of the Online Trading Application for trading lawyers and paralegals on Wednesday at 11:00 am in EB2601a.  This project continues to be highly confidential. 
 For online trading I am also going to have to sign off on whether we can trade with the UK based counterparty list, and I am probably going to need your help and your list to be able to do that.  I am totally unfamiliar with the UK based counterparties and in most cases their names aren't even in English so I can't even guess whether it would be an appropriate counterparty or not.  I am, obviously, most concerned about not approving trading with utilities and governmentals.  I've been searching that utility website trying to figure out which are utilities from that, and guessing at the names if it sounds like a utility or governmental.  Is your list done, or when will it be done?  Do you spell out if the counterparty is governmental/utility?  What help can you give me? 
 Per Bill's email, I faxed a proposed form of Enron Corp. Guaranty to the counterparty.  Please do not approve any trades with this counterparty until due diligence is done on Italian law, which appears the be the place of incorporation of the counterparty.  I will not assign the review of Italian law to an attorney until we receive your credit worksheet.  If you feel we need to proceed with this now let me know and I will get someone to start looking at it. 
 Per the notes below, Jeff Hodge signed off on the description Awais sent us with no changes.  NOX and SOX are attached also. 
 I am also reforwarding the coal description. 
 FYI 
 I noticed we have 2 entries for cpy in Lotus Notes.  We need to delete one. 
 Mark,  David Portz, Elizabeth Sager and I were looking at this slide and we're not so sure it's correct.  We think it should reflect two huge power price spikes, the recent ones of this year, and the big one of last year.  We don't think the attached slide correctly reflects the two price spikes.  Can you take a look at it and get back to me...thanks for your help! 
 Per the meeting today, attached is the latest counterparty list in Excel. 
 Just a note to make sure that I get any updates to the approved Counterparty list.  I will forward the list to the trading lawyers preparing their group's approved counterparty list here in Houston. 
 Our review of the counterparty list is not considering, for the most part, state of incorporation.  The biggest consideration with derivatives is the country of incorporation (and additionally, the country(ies) in which trading will take place).  For the bulk of our swap counterparties, i.e. energy companies, state law currently isn't an in issue on approval of swap trading.  It is more of an issues with governmentals, utilities, insurance companies, pension funds and the like, and we do not capture that information until we are in active neogtiation with a counterparty.  With utilities, you cannot make a general assumption that any particular state law that applies to one utility will apply to another.  Each utility need to be looked at individually to see which state or federal law may apply to that counterparty.  The bulk of you customer list is not financial counterparties we are in active negotiation with, so we are not capturing state of incorporation.  I know the Global Contracts Group has been trying to capture that information. You may want to talk to Mary Gosnell. 
 I am going to meet with Tom at 3:30 (after our ice cream social at 3:00) to go over my latest list of questions to the 2nd credit list, so how's about discussing any other financial issues we might have then... 
 I gave Shari my whole file on Canadian cash collateral issues to look at. You may want to get it from her.  It has Fred Erickson's phone # in there also. 
 Scott, one of our crude oil traders passed on the attached resume of one of his friends and asked if we could take a look at it.  I gave it to Mark Taylor and since the fellow lives in England he thought it would be better sent to you. 
 Unfortunately, providing Matt with the ISDA Master is a problem.  It's got the old confidentiality language in it that doesn't allow provision of the agreement to affiliates, so we cannot not send this agreement without Citibank's consent.  Matt, if you want it you'll have to get Citibank to tell us, Enron North America, that it's ok to provide the agreement to you (ECT International).  Sorry... 
 I'm a little confused.  Do I need to contact Gary Bode to (1) get Brent and the Buenos Aires legal team access to the current Lotus Master Swaps Database, or (2) get the software developed for Brent to copy the database to create a document tracking database for the Argentina legal contracts, or (3) both? 
 I have added Shari's MAC clause (when there is no collateral annex and MAC is an additional event of default) as an alternative in the MAC clauses for the ISDA Master Agreement contained in ISDAexh.doc. 
 Yes, I put together a package of stuff and sent it to you.  I don't know how long mail takes to get there.  It will probably be there I hope in today's mail. 
 I have been trying to get Brent Hendry and Andrea Calo (attorneys in our Buenos Aires office) access to the Houston Legal Department's Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement database.  I understand that you are the person that can get them access.  This will continue to be an issue as we expand our trading offices around the world.  Can you let me, Mark Taylor, the Assistant General Counsel for trading, and Brent know what we need to do to get Brent and Andrea access.  Also, Brent wants to copy our Master Swap Agreement Database to create a database for the Buenos Aires legal contracts.  How does Brent go about getting this new database created?  Thanks for your help! 
 Carol made some proposed changes to the MAC language and asked me to send it to you to get your input. 
 Mary, although this presentation is for the Legal Dept. I thought maybe if you have a representative from your group there it might be helpful.  Do you have someone, like Mary Gosnell, that you would like to attend?  Let me know, and I'll get their name added to the list. 
 Have you sent these to Steve Kean? 
 The Legal/Credit meeting scheduled for tomorrow has been postponed 1/2 hour until 2:30 pm. 
 If you find a product that does, keep me in the loop.  We're always looking for better ways to do things up here and unless Lexis/Nexis improves, I am currently not impressed with their product, compared to the old Information America, which was great before they bought it out and ruined it!  How are you doing?...you must be a little stressed with this Online project, as well as others...! 
 We do not have a copy of the executed agreement for our files.  Can you have one of your assistant's copy it for me as well as any relevant guarantees, credit support documents, etc.  Much thanks... 
 Well, it turns out that Mark Elliott needs a revised draft of the UK ISDA incorporating our form changes since he needs to send it to Gibraltar counsel for the legal review he's working on for Gibraltar law.  So, I'll work with Mark to come up with the form and then pass it on to you and the London legal team for approval. 
 Thanks for the material.  I've been really busy at work.  At some point when I have more of a break I'll call you. 
 Mark Elliott just introduced me to another charming aspect of English culture, the Morris Men.  I've got their website bookmarked.  Y'all are a goofy bunch.  Dancing around in strange costumes, beating each other with switches.  It's funny, each one of you imparts different aspects of English culture to me.  I am constantly amused!  If y'all would only cheer at marathons...! 
 Shouldn't we be setting a time for a form meeting so we can review those documents (Deemed ISDA, legal opinions, etc.) I distributed a while back? 
 That may not be so easy an answer.  I think we would have to talk to Utilicorp.'s lawyers.  I  wouldn't be surprised that they had some policy or laws that won't allow them to guaranty the obligations of other companies. Utilities in the U.S. are odd birds, there are a lot of Chinese walls in effect with them, I've dealt with similar issues on other utilities.  If you need us to talk to them get me the name and phone number of a contact and we'll give them a call. 
 Here's that email....! 
 I'm working with Mark on approval of our counterparty lists for online trading.  Mark asked me to contact you about the approach we should take with respect to financial trading with Singapore counterparties.  Should Singapore be approved for all types of trading with all types of counterparties?  Are there are special counterparties we shouldn't approve for trading outside the governmentals, such as the utilites?  Are there any products that might not be approved for trading out of Singapore, such as weather, or any others? Are there any special types of reps we might need to include in our agreements?  Any guidance you could give us with this would be most appreciated!  How are you and the baby doing?  We hope to see pictures on your next trip over! 
 Thank you for the lunch invite.  I put on the calendar..."lunch w/sweet yao".  Can't wait! 
 Non-Smoking Room please.  Preferably a suite with a wet bar, sunken tub, view over the pool, and complimentary room service.  Not to mention my own private valet. 
 Well, Mr. Elliott, I do believe I am quite shocked at your allegations of me being the troublemaker.  My review hasn't gone in yet and I guess I am going to have to mention...that you are the troublemaker! 
 Wonderful job! 
 Per Mark's conversation, you were going to get back to us on the scoop on France and utility counterparties.  Any update? 
 What do you want to do with masters where we have a note that we got the master in, but we have a bad certificate, and no trading should be done until we get a new certificate? 
 How was your trip back?  I hear from Taffy you cut quite the figure in your cowboy duds, right down to having the right style of Wrangler jeans.  The grapevine says you also did some mighty fine two steppin.  The bright lights of London must look dim after the shining lights of Houston.   Your visit seemed all too short.  We probably won't see you for a few years, but I really enjoyed our dinners and chats.  Stay out of trouble and make us proud! 
 The meeting is to discuss confidentiality agreements. 
 The mad cow disease must have extended to England's venerable sheep, thus causing a lack of worsted wool, hence, no new trousers which, I'm sure, is the only reason we haven't gotten a fashion bulletin from you in quite some time.  The men's fashion news here in the United States says that the current fashion in ladies pedal pushers (or knee length trousers) has now extended to the gents and is becoming quite the rage.  Fashion trends are quite slow in reaching the outbacks here in Texas, but I can see fashionable young swains in London and New York showing off their knees and ankles.  Has this trend crossed the Atlantic?!  Has Justin bought a pair in red?  We miss our Tim from Texas....stay in touch! 
 Taffy, can you work with Nicola to get this conf. call set up with London, in Suzanne's absence.  Thanks! 
 I spoke to Mary Solmonson about the chain of command in IT.  Obviously, everyone reports to Phillipe Bibi in the end.  She looked up Gary Bode, who Michael Neves, our Lotus Notes contact, reports to, and Gary is a Manager, but she didn't see his direct boss on the chart.  She suggested for the Fishkin Project that we try and use Inja Chun, a woman she says is very good, or Chris Behney.  (She said we could have her, but she would be very expensive!...just kidding!)  I'm going to give Danny Clark a call to see who at EES is using Documentum to manage their documents.  Perhaps we should set up a meeting to talk to Phillipe Bibi about the Fishkin project, so we make sure we get a good person assigned to us.   What do you think? 
 You forgot to have me off the week of Thanksgiving too.  I know I mentioned that to you... 
 No word? 
 I have noticed that humility is one of your most pronounced character traits!  Am glad you responded and look forward to seeing you... 
 At Mark's request, I am transmitting proposed changes to the collateral=20 arrangement language in the Online GTC's.  Please let me know if it meets= =20 with your approval.  8.  Collateral Arrangements.  Counterparty shall (at Enron=01,s request) fr= om=20 time to time and at Enron=01,s option either:  (i) within one Business Day = of=20 such request by Enron, provide to Enron a letter of credit in respect of=20 Counterparty's obligations under any Transaction, in such form and for such= =20 amount and from such issuer, as is acceptable to Enron in its absolute=20 discretion; or (ii) within such period as is specified by Enron, provide fo= r=20 the benefit of Enron a guaranty from a party, in such form and for such=20 amount as is acceptable to Enron in its absolute discretion.  Failure so to= =20 provide such letter of credit or guaranty or any default under such letter = of=20 credit or guaranty shall constitute a default hereunder giving rise to the= =20 immediate right of termination by Enron under this Transaction. 
 Per our conversation, the additional "to do" list is:  1.  plumber still needs to do his stuff 2.  put up new light fixture in back bedroom 3.  fix broken window in Peter & Nancy's front bedroom.  You'll need to call them to let them know the day you're doing it. 
 I'm out Tues. and Weds. at an in house seminar.  How does today or Thursday sound? 
 Thanks for taking a look! 
 When you get back, I got a call from Koch about the Morgan "assignment".  As you recall, we are acting as agent on behalf of Morgan in connection with their commodity business.  Koch called me and they want to get a copy of the "assignment".  Since it wasn't an assignment, what should I provide them?  I don't know that I can provide them a copy of our Servicing Agreement.  What should I do? 
 Per David Forster, they should be doing the online trading simulation tomorrow. 
 Per Mark's approval, when we entered into the master with CGAS, we found out they never entered into a resolution approving the swap agreement or trades thereunder.  So each and everytime we do a trade with them we are going to have to get a resolution authorizing entering into the trade.  So for the executed master swap agreement list we need to put:  "Need board resolution prior to trading" 
 To the trading lawyers working on counterparty lists:  Per the email below from Louise, the current target date for completion of counterparty lists appears to be Tuesday, October 12.  As noted below, an additional list of approved counterparties should be provided to us tomorrow.  FYI, per my conversations w/Frank Davis, the first simulation occurred this week, and an additional simulation is scheduled for next week. 
 I just got an update from the OMLX of their rules.  Do you need me to make you a copy or are you also getting updates?  Also, I get faxes of all their notices.  So far nothing I've received has been interesting.  Do you get copies of their notices?  Do you need me to send you anything I feel is worth noting?  They've also promoted me to Compliance Director, so I'm going to go in and ask Mark for a raise to match my title! 
 I thought of you this weekend.  It was the fall antique festival in Round Top and I went, but it wasn't quite as nice as the pleasant day I had with you and your family.  That was such a perfect day all around and I will treasure it.  I hope all is going well.... 
 So I don't forget for Monday, Shari just send around the Canadian "eligible swap participant" language to be inserted in all Canadian confirms.  Don't we also need to add that to the Canadian online GTC's? 
 Yes, the list is the final approved counterparty list before the roll out of the system.  All counterparty lists are due by the close of business tomorrow.  If you are not sure of what the current approved counterparty lists are let me know. 
 That's ok.  Our trading policy doesn't allow you to trade anything we trade. 
 Do not worry about that new product type.  It doesn't pertain to you.  If you see none that looks like power you might want to pay attention.  I know Jeff has been getting similar emails. 
 The document wasn't in the blue file either.  I called Tanya and asked her if she could fax us up a copy of it.  Also, I asked her to let you know what her thoughts were on the proposed amendment.  Do you want me to call Rick at BMO and let him know you're working on it? 
 Just a confirmation, we have the following lawyers scheduled to attend the upcoming conference:   you, Justin, Paul and Jon.  Is that correct? 
 See Lotus Notes 
 Lovely note, crummy master.  It makes Belco look good!  I know Olin Corporation only because they had a plant near the summer camp I went to in North Carolina and there were days when the stench from the plant pervaded the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains where the camp was located.  That plant manufactured the plastic wrap that went around all those cigarettes they were making in North Carolina.  I kinda remember them being a plastics company back then. 
 Attached is the latest draft of the referenced GTC. 
 Font of useless knowledge! 
 Would you like to respond?! 
 Per Mark's earlier emails and conversations, we have 10 govt's/utilities with masters in place that are approved to trade, with about another 30 currently being negotiated.  The other 30 or so will only be approved to trade when we get signed masters in place and any other relevant documents related thereto (like legal opinions). 
 Just an FYI  About a year ago Kellie Metcalf had me send a sample ISDA Master to the referenced counterparty.  She has now left ECT to go with Azurix.  I got a call from the counterparty wanting to get some bids on some options and Kellie said to pass the trade down to John Suarez.  I called John and gave him the scoop and also told him we did not have a master in place and to treat this like any other counterparty, i.e. contact Credit for approvals before trading, etc.  I just wanted to give you a head's up, in case we get the trade, we're not surprised. 
 We are getting calls from our brokers and the NYMEX telling us the brokers still have not received notification of our name change.  This is causing problems with the brokers clearing the trades on the NYMEX.  Per my voicemail several weeks ago, since you/your desk are our communications guy with the brokers,  they need to receive the notice as soon as possible.   When will you be able to get this notice our of our name change? 
 I have already notified all the exchanges we deal with of the name change, but the NYMEX says the brokers have to file some form with the CFTC, and they can't file that form until they receive the notice from us. 
 How can you be on vacation this week if you are responding to this email? 
 We have tried to get the computer people to respond to your request for Lotus Notes access, but they don't respond.  Mark, what do you think the next step is? 
 Mark, open up felix the cat.  He is adorable! 
 As far as your email questions, my responses are following:  1.  The list I have provided you is the only list that exists on financial counterparties.  There is no Excel spreadsheet to follow. 2.  Duke Energy Corporation.  At Mark's direction, I am sending his note below regarding utilities.  Again, until we do the due diligence on a utility counterparty we have no way of knowing what kind of local, state or federal regulation or approvals they may be subject to.   We currently have masters in place with only about 10 utilities/govt's.  We are in the process of negotiating another 30.  Until those masters are executed and we have the relevant resolutions, authority documents and/or legal opinions, I cannot approve them for online trading.  I have made every effort to search company websites and elicit from Credit whether a counterparty is a regulated utility or not.  If I cannot tell by the information available to me, additional due diligence will be needed to see if they are subject to local, state, or federal regulation.   Mark can override any decision I have made, I can only make decisions within the guidelines the attorneys have set for me. 3.  Montana Power Trading and Marketing Company is a subsidiary of a regulated utility.  I am unable to determine from Credit or their website what type of regulation they might be subject to.  The note is true that Credit says they are getting out of the business anyway. 4.  Petrotemex.   Per my conversations with Mark and our advice from counsel, unlike U.S. and U.K. counterparties, Mexican counterparties are not able to enter into derivative transactions unless their articles and bylaws specifically provide for these types of transactions.  We will not know this until the due diligence is completed, so I am supposed to say "no" for Mexican counterparties we do not have a master swap agreement in place with. 5.  PSEG. It is an energy services company; however, it is also not an eligible swap participant (or "ESP").  CFTC regulation limits the derivatives trading we may do to certain types of counterparties that meet certain financial requirements (large, institutional type investors, companies, banks, etc).  Corporations and partnerships have to meet certain net worth and asset levels or we cannot trade financially with them.  Whenever I say "not ESP" or "not eligible swap participant" it means they have not met the financial net worth test. 6.  The American Coal Company.  See prior note. 
 Attached are the revised online GTC's.  The weather GTC's won't change except for the credit support language, so I thought that you could make that same change when you made it to the rest of the GTC's. 
 Did we order that special UK sized paper?  I still have to copy that OMLX stuff for Mark Elliott's binder there in London. 
 Louis Fernandez was wonderful to work with.  His work was top notch, his subcontractors did a great job.  For instance, I put in central air and one of the old window units we took out was in the brick in  front of my house. I thought when the brick got repaired I would  have this mismatched brick box they would look ugly from the front.  Louis's brick guy was so good that you cannot even tell the brick was repaired.  Also, his sheetrock guy did a wonderful job.  You cannot tell where he repaired sheetrock holes.  Louis is also a good businessman.  He gives you a weekly bill spelling out the exact number of hours he or his subcontractors worked and also listing any supplies he was billing you for.  A lot of contractors are not good businessmen.  I think Louis is honest about the time it will take to do a job, he communicates when he has a problem and how that might effect the cost, and I also think a lot of homeowners when they do construction have a lot of add ons they ask of the contractor, that they don't figure in his additional time or money on.  To sum it up, I think with Louis you will get a good job for the money you pay. 
 Rod,  Nella sent me a Compliance Certificate and financial statements for the referenced counterparty.  I am forwarding them down to you. 
 I don't have anything specific to weather, I have material from recent general seminars I've worked on for Mark T. and Mark H. if you need it.  I do have general articles on weather...  I'm glad to see they have the "A Team" as a speaker.  You're marvelous! 
 The 1st list attached here is the one I used for the 1st list you have. 
 Per my voicemail, below are the revised online GTC's.  Sorry for an inconvenience this might have caused you. 
 I spoke to the fellow at legalanywhere.com today.  He will only be in the office Mon. and Tues. of next week, so if possible, he would like to set up a demonstration with us together at your desk on the computer so he can work us through the software.  Let me know when a convenient time would be for you, maybe Tuesday sometime? 
 A reminder for when you get back on Monday! 
 I spoke to Mark Taylor.  How does Tuesday at 11:00 am sound? 
 11:00 am Central Standard Time (1 hour earlier than New York). 
 What's the scoop on the TXU negotiation?  Brant says we're in a strong negotiation position with them right now, because they've acquired Howard's book and need our consent, and also have to post an expensive LC with us to take in those Howard trades.  He wants to know if he should use our leverage here to get that ISDA Master in place. 
 Brent,  I am trying to track down the dealmaker on a deal in Argentina with Duke Energy International.  All I know is that Duke is trying to get a waiver from us on the confidentiality provision in the master swap agreement so they can use it on the Argentina deal.  Credit doesn't appear to know anything about the deal.  I'm don't even know if it is an EI or an ECT deal.  It may be EI because he mentioned the financing of a generator.  I don't want to waive anything until I track the business guy down.  Can you ask around and let me know.  Thanks! 
 Just a note, if you've got some recent pictures of your daughter to bring them... 
 Attached are the revised drafts of the weather GTC's. 
 Anita sent me the message below re: board resolutions to trade out of Singapore.  Can Singapore trade out of the board resolution that was approved for ECT Interntional, or are we going to have to get another board resolution signed allowing financial trading out of the Singapore office? 
 Per our discussion... 
 I had a conversation with Mark Taylor this morning about your board resolution.  He looked at the resolution we drafted for ECT International, and he said it would also cover the Singapore trading, so I have drafted a Secretary's Certificate and Incumbency Certificate for you to use.  With none of the Secretary's being located in Singapore, do you need my assistance in getting it signed here?  Who will you have sign the agreement?  What do you usually do? 
 Edmund,  Can you help us figure out who in London can help Anita execute her first ISDA, which also will include the usual Secretary's Certificates.  I don't know if you know, but Singapore doesn't need EEFT to sign as the arranger, ECTRIC can sign directly. Per the resolution, it needs to be a VP, President, Managing Director or Chairman.   It looks like the London based officers who could sign would be John Sherriff, Danny McCarty or John Lush (?), unless you are familiar with someone else who can sign for ECTRIC.  It looks like for the Secretary's Certificates, all the Secretaries are located here in Houston, so we should probably prepare them for the usual Kate Cole's signature.  Anita, you will need to have two signed copies, and initial both copies for signature, as also will your London Credit person.  Congrat Anita!  This is very exciting! 
 No, I haven't met Matt, in fact, I don't know much about him.  Is he here now?  For how long?  Thru the Legal Conference?  I would be happy to help in whatever way I can.  As you know, we've recently revised our forms, so this would be a good time to get him indoctrinated.  I will, of course, be sad to have you leave us.  You have been wonderful to work with from both a personal and professional standpoin.  Your baby's gain in your time is a loss to Enron, because are a most valued asset to our company.  I hope our lives will cross again some time!  Best wishes for your future, you deserve the best! 
 Mark, should we forward Carol's email to Bill, so he knows what the issues are? 
 Regulatory made some changes to the power description and Awais wanted Legal's sign off again and needs a response by tomorrow.  Will that be a problem? 
 With respect to Online Trading, Mark wanted me to follow up with you re: insurance/reinsurance company issues.  Per our earlier conversations, I am saying "no" to online trading for all insurance/reinsurance companies we do not have a master with.  The online people have come back and said, hey wait a minute, you are already trading with insurance companies without a master, i.e. Swiss Re.  They are wanting to open up Swiss Re for online trading and any other insurance/reins. we are currently trading with without a master in place.   Do you have a list of those companies?   What are your feelings about that?  Can we trade online with Swiss Re?  How about any other insurance companies you are currently trading with without a master in place?  Or do you want me continue to say no?  Thanks for your help! 
 The Icon worked and I've pulled it up and can use it.  Thanks for your help!  How's things going there?  Are you getting excited about going back home? Have they started to think about hiring anyone to replace you?  Everything cool on the roommate front? 
 I looked at Gillian's website and she is adorable!  What a cutie!  I've bookmarked it and I'll keep looking for updates. 
 I'd like to attend! 
 Mark asked me to contact you to get a copy of one of the letters we sent to outside counsel requesting updates on their legal advice to deal with the online trading issues.  We have to get similar letters out to some of the South American countries and Carribean tax shelter islands.  Much thanks!  By the way, weren't you out for vacation?  Did you have a good time? 
 Leslie Hansen was out today so Elizabeth forwarded your language to one of our power attorneys in the Portland office for review.  I have some minor clean up changes from Elizabeth, but except any material changes to come from Christian Yoder in our Portland office.  As soon as I receive Christian's comments I will add forward them on to you. 
 It just occurred to me after discussing online trading this morning with Mark for other countries, that I am approving online trading for Mexican counterparties we have a master in place with, however, in my later thinking, did our advice from Mexican counsel address the issue of enforceability of online transactions? 
 I have forwarded on your email and fax to Marie Heard.  She was already working on that issue, what a happy coincedence! 
 When are you coming in?  When shall we have dinner? 
 Below are my responses to your email:  1.  Masters that limit weather trading or contain another trading limitation in the master only:   per our conversation. 2.  CMS Marketing Services & Trading:  Trading is limited to fixed price swaps, basis swaps, swing swaps and options.  This limitation is contained in the Company's Trading Policy, which they have provided to us.   We cannot trade anything except the types of products listed in the trading policy. 3.  Venezuela:  per Mark's conv. w/Dave Forster, we do not want to pursue the due diligence on this country at this time. 4.  Phibro, Inc.:    see note #1 5.  Swiss Re:  See my note 11 below. 6.  Tokyo Mitsubishi:  We are preparing amendments that would be added to to the Online and regular confirmations when they go out to deal with the lack of legal terms in the master to do anything but interest rate and currency transactions.  This should solve our problem so we should be able to open them for trading any commodity. 7.  Trinidad & Tobago:  same comment as #3 above. 8.  UBS AG.  They recently sold their book and got out of the energy commodity business so we should not be doing anything but FX and interest rate transactions with them.  Their master is also trading limited, and we could not trade energy commodities with them without amending it or doing a fix similar to Tokyo Mitsubishi. 9.  Aspect Resources.  I discussed this one with Mark and Bill, and we have agreed to open up Aspect for all trading under the Master. 10.  Brant-Allen:  Their Board of Directors limited the trading we did with them to only the one trade we did under the master.  We cannot do any other trading with them without specific pre-approval via a new resolution from their Board of Directors.  So they are still "no" for online derivatives trading. 11.  Insurance Companies:  With respect to trading with insurance/reinsurance companies without a master in place, these types of counterparties have special authority/legal issues that the online trading process does not address.  When we do trades with this type of counterparty without a master in place we get legal opinions, guarantees, articles of incorporation & bylaws and other kinds of statutory documentation to evidence the approval for this type of counterparties doing these types of transactions.  All kinds of special representations are also added to the contract based on the type of counterparty.  We therefore have to continue to say "no" to online trading based on these special handling procedures. 12.  Cox and Perkins:  We could say "yes" to online derivatives trading, however, would have to treat them like any other counterparty we did not have a master in place with. 13.  Kinetic Resources.  Ditto comment 12 above. 14.  Midland Cogeneration.  Still under review as to regulated utility status. 15.  Praixair:  see comment #1 above. 16.  Tembec.  The bylaws of this corporation require that all contracts for this counterparty must be executed by two officers from a list they provided to us .  I spoke to Mark about this and they could not trade online unless their Password Application was signed by two of the officers as directed above.  Another way to solve this would be to get a special resolution from Tembec's board of directors allowing only one individual to sign the Password Application.  Either way, you cannot trade online without meeting these special signatory requirements. 17.  EW Scripps.  Same comment as #1 above. 18.  Maritime Electric.  Is a Canadian utility.  No Trading.  Critical Changes to my list:  1.  Mexico:  Per our conversation, we are contacting outside counsel to request legal advice as to whether online transactions are enforceable in Mexico.  However, we can still not do financial trading without having a master in place. 2.  Public Service Company of Colorado:  the person that signed the master appears not to have the authority to sign the master, so until we get this resolved, we are switching them to a "no".  Per my meeting today with Credit:  I've got 38 we disagree on, either as to whether they're a regulated utility or an eligible swap participant.  I'll be working on those tomorrow and will get back to you.  My Review of Your List:  List #1  1.  BP Exploration & Oil Inc.:  Originated from London Credit, missing from your list.  This is a counterparty that both Houston & London trade with. ECT has a master in place with them.  Trades would roll under the ECT Master.  The master is the old ECT Form of master that limits the trading to energy price swaps and options.  No weather.  Case of Credit override.5 2.  Elf Trading:  Both ECT and ECT International have masters in place and trade with this counterparty.  Mark was going to talk to Louise about what to do with these situations when we have more than one master in place. 3.  Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York:  We've got several overlapping issues I am going to have to talk to London about.  First, here in the U.S. Morgan got out of the energy commodity business.  We, in fact, "bought their book".  We actually couldn't "buy their book" because of our low credit rating relative to Morgan, so all their trades remain in place, 'tho all payments go in and out through us and we act as servicer for their commodity business.  Their master with ECT is bad, it only covers energy price swap (not options!) and does not have the trade option rep which means if we were to do an option transaction with them we would have to do a fix similar to the Tokyo Mitsubishi fix.  Saying all that, I don't know what, if any, trading Morgan continues to do outside the U.S.  I need to talk to London and find out.  So Morgan right now is a big open issue. 4.  Vitol S.A.:   Both Houston and London trade with this counterparty. Houston has a master with this counterparty.  Trades should be done under the master.  The master does not cover weather, so this would be another case of the Credit override. 5.  Missing counterparties from 1st list:   (1) Wisconsin Electric Power Company, no master in place, not approved for trading, it is a utility, (2) Wisconsin Gas Company, no master in place, not approved for trading, it is a utility, (3) Wisconsin Power and Light Company, we do have a master in place, approved for all trading, except weather, which is not covered in the master, would have to be a Credit override, (4) Xeron, Inc., no master in place, approved for all trading.  List #2  1.  Cabot Oil & Gas:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 2.  Callon Petroleum:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 3.  EIL Petroleum:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 4.  Fortune Energy:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 5.  Plains Resources:  Missed "X" on all weather 6.  PXRE Corp:  deleted final set of weather, good for weather deals only 7.  St. Mary Land & Exploration:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 8.  Stratum Group:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 9.  Tempest Reinsurance:  deleted final set of weather, good for weather deals only 10.  Twister Gas:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 11.  United Salt:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 12.  West Texas Gas:  Missed "X" on final set of weather  List #3  1.  Bargo Energy:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 2.  Belco Oil & Gas:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 3.  Cross Timbers:  Missed "X" on all weather 4.  Encore Acquisition:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 5.  Norfolk Southern:  You've got them restricted for everything, I've got them as "OK" for everything 6.  RMS Monte Christo:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 7.  Sapient Energy:  Missed "X" on final set of weather 
 In response to your email, yes, our confidentiality language was so limited that it did not allow us to provide the agreement to affiliates of either party without consent.  We revised the form about 9 months ago to broaden the langage to include affiliates, but Duke is an old master so they need our consent so they can provide it to their affiliate.  Unless Federico has any reason not to waive the language, I think we can go ahead & draft a waiver up here and send it to Duke.  Can you talk to Federico asap and run that by him and let me know so I can get this over to Duke.  Thanks! 
 We need to update the advice we received from Mexican counsel to address the online trading issue.  I spoke to Nony and while we're at it I'm also going to ask whether there are any other updates since they rendered their original advice.  Are there are other issue you would like to add to our request for advice? 
 Bob Shults called this meeting to see what the status was for the different product groups' confirmation and GTC forms.  The two issues out of the meeting I was asked to bring to your attention were:  1.  Attaching the Online GTC's to the outgoing confirmations.  Per our discussion, it was my understanding that the GTC's would be attached to all outgoing confirmations.  That does not seem to be the general consensus. There seems to be feedback from London that is not the case, and Janice Moore was also saying she didn't know if that's what the liquids people were going to do.  Bob Shults asked for your direction with these holdouts. 2.  The issue of the credit in the masters being overriden.  First, after our discussions yesterday, we couldn't figure out a way they could change the approval status within Credit from approved with a master to a "B" approved GTC with credit.  Second, Bob Shults thought that had been agreed to have the credit overridefor all the product areas and I told him that financial was still discussing this issue with Credit, so we would have to get back to him.  I guess the physical people are OK with that.  I don't know what discussions you have had with Jeff and Alan, but Bob Shults appears to want to have this confirmed for him.  Also, along with the credit override of the master, there is supposed to be some letter that will be sent out to the counterparties.  Who will be drafting that letter and will it be the same for all product groups? 
 Per the email below, do you have any other legal advice with respect to trading issues we should address with Mexican counsel when we send out the updates below.  Please let me know ASAP, we hope to get our letter out Monday. 
 Shari, per the emails below, have you received or do you have any other advice we need to add? 
 Thanks for the smiles!  I am busy this weekend, but if you're in town, how about doing the nickel tour and Village Shopping the next weekend?  If not, maybe another time when you are available.  Let me know... 
 FYI, we are also going to send out a memo to Columbian counsel requesting advice on online trading and asking them for any other general update to their earlier advice. 
 Below is a confirm issue for handling.  Chris, in the future, please direct your confirmation requests to Susan Bailey, who is the current paralegal on the confirm rotation, or if the request is for an Annex B, to each of Susan Bailey, Susan Flynn and Marie Heard.  Thanks! 
 Per Shari this a.m., we had already requested an update on Ritch, Heather's legal advice from another law firm in Mexico, Lopez Vallardi.  You have already authorized payment of the bill.  The fax requesting an update from Ritch, Heather went out yesterday.  What would you like to do? 
 Shari said our new counsel was supposedly better counsel and that's why we asked for the update from them. 
 Pat, remember a few days ago I was trying to track down this Argentina power deal with Duke.  You might want to get in touch with Federico.  Mark, FYI, also, I don't know if there are any problems with power out of Argentina. 
 Liz and Christian Yoder reviewed the description since you were out. 
 Last week I left taped to your chair the referenced form of confirm that Bob Bowen needed you to sign off on.  He says he never hear back.  Can you call him and give him the sign off.  Thanks! 
 Can you do me a favor and look to see if we are doing any financial trading with the following counterparties:  Florida Power & Light Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company Dakota Gasification Company Hydro-Quebec Enmax Corp.  Much thanks! 
 Per my meetings with Credit and further research, I am making the following changes to the financial counterparty approval list.  Credit/Mark, let me know if you disagree with any of my changes.  List #1  1.  AES Power Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 2.  CXY Energy Marketing (USA) Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 3.  DTE Energy Trading, Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 4.  Duke Energy NGL Services, Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading  List #2  1.  AES Corporation:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 2.  Cascade Natural Gas Co.:  no master in place, changing to "no", not approved for financial trading 3.  Equitable Power Services Company:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 4.  ICC Energy Corporation:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 5.  Montana Power Trading & Marketing Company:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 6.  PSEG Energy Technologies, Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 7.  Tenaska Power Services Co.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 8.  The American Coal Company:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 9.  Thermo Cogeneration Partnership:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 10.  TransCanada Pipelines Limited:  no master in place, changing to "no", not approved for financial trading 11.  Unitil Resources Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 12.  Washington Gas Energy Services, Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading  List #3  1.  AGIP Petroleum Company:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 2.  Ball Corporation:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 3.  Bank of America International Limited:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 4.  Comstock Resources Inc.:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 5.  Cyprus Amax Coal Company:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 6.  Heritage Gas Services, LLC:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 7.  Ormet Corporation:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading 8.  Swift Energy Company:  no master in place, changing to "yes", approved for financial trading  Bob, there are a few others I am still re-reviewing, I will get back to you as soon as I resolve/answer my questions. 
 How did we ever resolve the two signed masters situation for Elf Trading S.A. (ECT & ECt Int'l)? 
 Another counterparty change, for Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership.  We will switch that to a "yes" but only if they accept online GTC w/o change.  This is the one where they wanted an exculpation clause for the partners, and that is totally unacceptable. 
 I discovered it was a non-ISDA master, so I had to delete the weather. 
 I just spoke to Sara Shackleton and she approved opening FPL for all financial trading.  She has also been discussing the utilities with outside counsel and we may be able to open more up for trading.  She is going to bring a copy of my list to the Legal Conference and review it, so hopefully we'll have some more changes for you next week. 
 To remind me to discuss this with you when you get in:  We received via our fax notices from the OMLX a request to provide them with information about our Y2K readiness.  When you have a minute let's look at the form together.  Probably Alan will have the answers. 
 Pat,  This waiver has to deal with a provision in the ECT master swap agreement that requires that the agreement and its contents be kept confidential, except to certain people like auditors.  It did not allow the agreement to be provided to affiliates.  Duke wants to copy the terms of the master agreement in has in place with ECT and use it for this Duke Energy International that is doing the deal down in Argentina.  Duke Energy cannot even provide Duke Energy International with a copy of this agreement unless it gets ECT's permission to give them a copy of the agreement.  That it what I am trying to resolve, whether there is any business reason why we would not want to give Duke Energy International the right to look at that agreement.  Your issue, obviously, is what business Federico is doing.  My issue is more of a documentation/legal issue. 
 I stopped by to see you because Mark got in the mail a blacklined draft of the prospectus from Bowne on the weather offering and I wanted to see if you got your own copy or do you need me to have one made for you. 
 Now that the cat is out of the bag I can tell you about the other big project I have been working on.  The press releases went out last week.  Mark Taylor was also the host of this year's ECT Legal Conference (which takes alot of work to put together!), which we just had on Thursday and Friday.  You may have read in the papers about our new Enron Online, our new web based commodity trading system.  You can view it at www.EnronOnline.com.  Mark has been the lead attorney on that project which has been an enormous amount of work for him.  Besides being Mark's aide-de-camp on EOL generally, I have been working on the counterparty approval lists for the financial contracts, which has meant going through every counterparty we have to determine whether we should approve them for online trading.  As you can imagine, that has meant looking at thousands of counterparties, contracts and legal issues and trading restrictions.  As far as my "Fishkin" project (as Mark and I call it), I recently went to an internal class on Project Management and am redefining my project goals, objectives, etc.  We've found a few new software programs we've been looking at, some we found out Enron already has.    Mark and I are discussing what we've seen, defining and redefining what we want, and hope to finalize our thoughts soon.  Mark and I are currently designing the swap jurisdictional database in a Lotus Notes format, and hope this week to get the computer people to design the software.  This would be my database of foreign derivative laws, ISDA opinions and the like.  We need that up and going desperately.   We, have been having to look alot at foreign laws for the online trading project as well as general trading questions lately, and it should be a slam dunk to put this database together and start loading the information.  So that's been what I've been up to, let me know your thoughts about EOL!  P.S.  Thanks for the article! 
 Just a note, you know, we more or less made the same changes to the Industrial Master that we made to the ISDA.  If you are using that form at all you should update it to include our changes.  I think Paul mentioned in his presentation at the seminar that you were using the Industrial as the basis form for Norway.  Anyway, if that is the case, we may need to look at that form.  See, you're always in my thoughts!  Missed you at the seminar.  I hope we'll see you at one of these soon! 
 I hear you had dinner with our friend Molly Saturday night, what happened to the relatives?! 
 When you have a minute, PECO called with an authorized trader list problem and Liz asked me to bring it to you for handling... 
 Angeline  Will you be sending the ISDA Agreement for signature directly to Mark Frevert?  I'm asking because he will have to sign the incumbency certificate before Kate Cole, obviously, certifies to his signature.  How do you plan on doing this?  Perhaps we should have Edmund Cooper in London coordinate the signing.  What are your thoughts? 
 I will send a copy to you!  We miss you... 
 I called Edmund Cooper and he is out on vacation til Monday.   Do you think I should email him the certificate, have him print it out there in London, I guess Anita has to initial the two ISDA Master Agreements for signature, then Edmund could get them initialled by  Credit in London, and then bring the certificates and agreements up to Mark Frevert for signature.  What do you think? 
 If you've got the copies, why don't you save them as a form into your system and use them to draft the Caltex Certificates.  Send them over to Edmund with the ISDA Master Agreements.  Leave him a message asking him if he could help you get the agreements and the incumbency certificates signed, then have him send the certificates to me for Kate's signature.  I think that should do it. 
 Thanks for your email.   It is important on a going forward basis that if we veer from any restriction that Legal has placed on a counterparty (e.g. if Credit says it is ok to trade weather under a GTC instead of a master) that Legal hear before we trade so we all make sure we are on the same understanding as to whether any restriction should be waived.  In response to your email I have the following comments:  1.  The New York Times Company:  cannot trade derivatives online at all. Their board resolution and master agreement require that two specific officers must enter into the trade together on a telephone call.  They cannot trade any other way without revising their board resolution and agreement. All their  trades must be done by telephone. 2.  San Diego Gas & Electric Company:  the California PUC said that utilities such as San Diego cannot enter into derivatives transactions at all! 3.  Aspect Resources:  can enter into derivative transactions.  We want the transactions to roll up under the existing ISDA Master Agreement between ECT and Aspect. 4.  Brant-Allen Industries:  Is shut down, more or less, for all financial trading.  They cannot enter into another derivative transactions with us, either on the phone or online, until, prior to entering into the trade, they provide us with a board resolution approving the trade or derivative trading in general.  The board resolution they provided with the signed master agreement only approved the one trade we entered into at that time. 5.  Cox & Perkins:    We had a master with this counterparty and they have informed us i writing that they didn't want to trade with us anymore.  In reality, if they did another trade, Legal will need to be contacted and we probably would try and reactive the master and roll the trade up under the master if possible.  Credit, keep us informed if they do trade. 6.  Sonoco Products:  We should not be trading with them at all until we resolve this payment dispute.  Sara Shackleton was working on that.  We do have a master with them, and if we resolve the payment dispute and begin trading with them, the trade should roll up under the existing master. 
 I did see the IPI presentation and was pretty impressed.  The presentation was, obviously, more directed to the confirmation process, but I thought it could also help in the creation and management of master swap agreements and swap agreement form templates.  I need to talk to our confirm desk people to see what issues of concern they had in the confirm process that they were hoping this system could address.   They had one concept for form generation I think is central for the creation of confirmations and agreements.  The concept was this "data dictionary".  It made it all clear to me.  I spoke to them about the different areas of concern in my database asked them to prepare another presentation more focused on those issues and come back to us before I leave for Europe in June. 
 Below are my comments to the Legal/Financial transactions only on the latest counterparty list:  1.  CMS Marketing, Services & Trading Co.- no Column L, cannot do basis transactions, that is floating, weather trades should all be approved, Column CF should be out, basis is floating, fixed price transactions only 2.  Elf Trading S.A.-should be approved for weather, why no weather? 3.  Lehman Brothers Commercial Corp.-weather should not be approved 4.  Power Authority of the State of New York-seems to be missing from list. What happened? 5.  Richardson Products II, Ltd.-please note, we just got in the signed ISDA Master Agreement this week 6.  UBS AG - approved for interest rate and currency only-should be restricted for all other products 7.  Abitibi Consolidated-please note, we got the signed ISDA Master Agreement in this week 8.  Cross Timbers Energy Services-missed no weather 9.  EIL Petroleum-missed no weather 10.  Trafigura AG - Column DZ, US weather CDD swap is ok, Column EB, HDD weather swap is ok 11.  Emerson Electric Co. - switching to approved for all products, it is not a utility.  Per my conversations with Bob Shults, I have been and am continuing to review our list of utilities with Sara Shackleton, outside counsel and the regulatory people.  I don't know when I will get you a revised list, but I hope to open a bunch of the investor owned utilities for general trading. 
 Per my conversations with Credit, the referenced counterparty is the New Jersey incorporated sub of a German company, a liquids based counterparty, and they are an eligible swap participant.  We do not have a master agreement in place with them.  I am approving them for all financial trading. 
 Per Peter's request... 
 I have received the Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of Enron North America Corp. dated 11/10/99 appointing Dale Neuner and Robert Shults as agents and attorneys-in-fact to execute Password Applications on behalf of the Company  for online trading.  The original Consent will be sent to Kate Cole for inclusion in the corporate minute book and copies will be sent to Dale and Bob.  When signing the Password Applications, Dale and Bob should sign them as "Agent and Attorney-in-Fact".  In the absence of Dale or Bob, any V.P. or above can sign Password Applications (with initials from Legal).  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. 
 Per the request of Lorna, attached is a blackline of that legal opinion. 
 It appears Susan Bailey still can not get in and edit the master swap agreement database.  She now has the icon, but no edit priviliges.  Can you please get her access.  Much thanks! 
 Can you forward to Karen a copy of the lastest Electronic Trading Agreement. I'm not comfortable that what I have is the latest.  Much thanks! 
 In order to deal with the online trading program as well as other issues that repeatedly arise, we need to make some modifications to our Master Swap Agreement Database.  Foremost, we would like to open the Master Swap Agreement Database to any ECT, ECT Canada or ECT International employee that would like access to the information.  This would include employees in the London, Oslo, Singapore, Portland  and Buenos Aires offices.  The only information we need to continue to restrict is the Legal and Credit comment section (attorney-client privilege issues).  Access to this information would continue to be limited to Legal and Credit  In addition, it also very critical that only Legal and Credit have access to the Portland General masters.  Second, we will need to add some drop downs to deal with online trading issues.  Online trading will commence by the end of the month and we need to have this information and access available by that time.  In addition, we have remaining "kinks" in the database we need to resolve.  Can you let me know when you would be available to meet to discuss the changes.  Thanks for your help! 
 How about Wednesday at 10:00 am? 
 Please find attached Annex B.doc. 
 Barry Tycholiz has asked me to confirm for you that we do have a master in place with Husky.  We do, indeed, and I will shoot a copy down to you. 
 I faxed over some changes Thursday.  I deleted all references to ECT and ECT Legal Advisors being a party to the opinion.  Haedicke is an officer of ECT International, he is General Counsel and Managing Director, and so he can sign as such.  No need to pull ECT into the opinion when unnecessary. 
 Mark wanted me to let you know he is reviewing your legal opinion and will call you with his comments. 
 What is this email about?  Do I need to do anything?  Also, your attachment is unreadable because the columns are overlapping. 
 I was told this was supposed to be an Omnibus, not a Deemed ISDA. 
 Attached is Annex B.  Just tell them they need to fill in blanks in guaranty. 
 I checked our records and we do not have any Master Swap Agreement with either K&N Marketing or Kinder Morgan.  Perhaps Credit knows something about this.  In addition, we cannot approve any merger documents until we get copies of the merger documents filed with the relevant Secretary of State. Marilyn Colbert usually provides them to us. 
 Pam,  Per the email below, we will be terminating the transactions referenced below today.  Can you fax me the confirmations referenced in #1 below so I can make sure I have referenced them correctly.  Much thanks! 
 Attached is the proposed form of Termination Agreement.   I have requested copies of the relevant confirmations from the Confirm Desk to confirm that the transactions are referenced correctly.  Please let me know if you have any comments. 
 Mark Taylor asked if we could make one additional change to the database. He wants to move the "Restrictions" right after the counterparty name so it's the first thing the dealmakers see when the open an entry.  Thanks, we really appreciate your help! 
 Please find attached form of Deemed ISDA.  When you fax it to the counterparty can you please attach to the back of the fax  IRS Forms 1001 and W-8.  Much thanks! 
 Mark asked if you could add something else.  Could you add an additonal drop down that follows "Legal Contacts that says "Historical Contacts".  We wouldn't want anyone else to see that but Legal and Credit.  Thanks! 
 Peter,  Mark took a look at your termination and he thought it looked fine. Actually, he liked your termination and release better than the language we have in our form, so we're changing our form.  You are the man!  I checked the New York law when I drafted the termination so you're ok there.  I'll be out all next week, my Mom's coming into town for the Thanksgiving holidays.  If you need to get hold of me my assistant will have my cell phone number (since it's NYMEX bid week and both Mark and I will be out, I have to be reachable.  Mark will have an international cell phone with him, he's sailing in the Caribbean, so if you need to get hold of him for any reason, Taffy will have the number).  Let me know if I can be of further help today! 
 If you need to get hold of us next week, Mark and my cell phone numbers are as follows:  Mark:  011 44 7881 512 535 (dial like you were calling London) Tana:  (713) 206-8080 
 We seem to be getting alot of questions about the name changes of the various Enserch/TXU entities, so attached  is a comprehensive list.  A copy of the notice will be sent to the usual suspects. 
 Attached is a sample ISDA Schedule.  Please remember to attach the preprinted form of ISDA Agreement.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Miss Tana Jones 1714 Wroxton Court Houston, Texas  77005  (713) 529-1038 
 Can you please give Sara the NYMEX numbers to review while Mark and I are out.  Thanks! 
 Peter,  Is there anything I need to do on this project? 
 I am in room EB3802.  EB3890 was my old office. 
 Thanks for the article.  I will distribute it to our group and Credit.  With Online Trading quieting down a bit, Mark and I are finally focusing on "Project Fishkin" (as we call it).  I am already getting a new database developed, the jurisdictional database, to keep track of swap laws around the world.  We hope to finalize our recommendations soon, and get the project up to Haedicke for his approval.  Of course, Online trading goes live today to our customers, so there's not telling what problems may crop up.  I'm crossing my fingers for a quiet day!  Hope your holidays went well.  My mom came down from New York, and it was colder in Houston than it was at home! 
 If you have a complete list regarding the Enserch entities we wish to trade with, I can run it by Enserch and check on the legal names.  I think it would be helpful for our full distribution (Legal, Confirm and Others (settlements, Global Contracts, misc), if you would distribute a full list of the Enserch entities we wish to continue trading with and what business out of each entity.  I think this will stop people coming back and asking again and again. 
 Frank,  Mark asked me to handle this.  Can you forward to me the name and phone number of the person that signed the password application?  Thanks. 
 Peter,  I looked at the Banque Paribas Agreement.  It is an ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) dated as of June 28, 1995.  The Agreement was executed between ECT and Banque Paribas.  Banque Paribas changed its name to "Paribas" on May 11, 1998, so I think you need to change the agreement  and signature line to read "Paribas, formerly known as Banque Paribas". or something to that effect.  The agreement is governed by New York law. 
 Pam,  Peter Keohane, our Calgary attorney, is working on a termination of some trades between ECT and Paribas and needs you to fax or send him the following confirmations ASAP, Deal nos. EA7484.3 and EB3772.3.  Thanks yet again! 
 From what we have been able to determine, it appears that the City of Riverside is not authorized to invest in any types of financial derivatives. 
 I sent the UBS Letter to the confirm desk like a week ago, I forget who to, maybe  Bernice, since I kinda consider it an audit letter.  My note said the confirm desk can sign off on the letter since they were only asking us to confirm trade information.  The Teeside Confirm, I spoke to our tax guys this morning and they said they were really busy yesterday and hadn't had a chance to look at it...I'll call them again. 
 Thanks for the update! 
 Joe,  I just found out Pam is out today and Peter needs these confirms ASAP.  Can you get them to him.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your prompt help with this!  I know Peter appreciates it. 
 I asked  Richard Ramirez if there was a business contact and he said he didn't know, but he was going to get back to me.   I think in his job in Fuel and Energy Risk Management, he is probably the business contact.  He probably makes the decisions about fuel purchases and derivatives hedging.  He also wanted to get a power enabling agreement in place.  I spoke to Liz Sager and she said we already had a power trade on the books and except for authority issues, there was no reason not to do financial energy.  As far as sending my Lotus Notes comment, I just did that manually.  I spoke to the Lotus Notes people before I went on vacation, and among other changes, they are going to try and fix it so we can just click on the email address and it will notify people to see Lotus Notes.  Of course, the only groups that will have access to the comment sections of Lotus Notes (for confidentiality purposes) will continue to be Legal and Credit.  But we are going to open everything but the comments and "priority" screens to any interested business people.  I'm going to move the "restrictions" bar right after the name so when the business people look the first thing they will see will be any restrictions.  Then, I'm going to add a drop down for online trading, approved or not, and then a comment screen (that only Legal and Credit can see) so we will have some notes about why we approved them or not (some of us are getting old and can't remember things!). 
 I got a call from the Lower Colorado River Authority today asking us if we would like to put a power enabling and ISDA Master Agreement in place with them.  I spoke to Liz Sager and it appears we have already done a physical power trade with them.  Of course, we can still not do financial trading until we run through all the hoops with them.  I don't know who you directed your marketing package to, but he wanted some information on online trading and I said we would send him a packet.  Richard Ramirez Fuel and Energy Risk Management Lower Colorado River Authority 3701 Lake Austin Boulevard Austin, Texas  78703  Thanks! 
 We have resolved the authority issue with referenced counterparty, and have approved all financial trading, including online financial trading, under the executed ISDA Master Agreement between ECT and this counterparty dated June 23, 1999. 
 In response to your email re:  Richardson Products II, this counterparty was approved for trading (without a master then in place) under my initial list of approved counterparties.  Per the email below, we then received in the signed master and the distribution was notified. 
 Yes, I had already approved them for trading without any restrictions.  When I got the signed master in, it just meant that the confirmations now took a different path.  Something that yall will find helpful... I've been working with the Lotus Notes people in upgrading our current Master Swap Agreement database, and once its finalized we will be opening view access to anyone who wants it.  I am adding drop downs for "approved for online trading", so you will be able to confirm our approval, als, contract information which is currently provided on a monthly basis will now be available at all times.  I think other groups that rely on our contract information, Credit, Settlements, Global Contracts, EOL, dealmakers, or anyone else (at ECT or ECT Canada for confidentiality purposes) will now be able to be seeing what we're seeing in terms of the financial contacts.  I was told my prototype would be done by the end of the week, and then we'll have to test it, but hopefully this information will be available soon.  I hope this is helpful! 
 In response to your email, an amendment to the referenced executed ISDA Master was sent by Susan Bailey to the Counterparty on 11/23/99.  With respect to the credit, this amendment provides for an increase in the Counterparty Exposure Threshold from U.S. $3,000,000 to U.S. $5,000,000, and amends one of the MAC provisions for Counterparty by increasing Counterparty's Net Worth from CAD$85,000,000 to CAD$150,000,000.  Certain other changes are being made to agreement including amending certain of the the LC provisions, as well other changes to legal terms that will incorporate our recent form changes.  THIS AMENDMENT HAS NOT BEEN EXECUTED.  Other credit in the agreement not being amended includes 3rd party debt default for Counterparty of CAD$5,000,000 and U.S. $50,000,000 with respect to Enron Corp., an Exposure Threshold for ECT Canada of $10,000,000, and a MAC for ECT Canada tied to a drop in Enron Corp.'s Credit Rating below "BBB-" from S&P.  The other MAC for Counterparty that is not being changed is if Counterparty's ratio of its Funded Debt to Net Worth is more than 1 to 1.  I hope that helps...let me know if you need more info or if you need me to fax these documents to you. 
 1.  Vitol S.A., Inc. - already approved for financial trading this morning, master in place. 2.  Nicor Enerchange-approved for financial trading, no master in place. 3.  Helmerich & Payme Energy Services, Inc.-approved for financial trading, no master in place. 4.  Ashland Speciality Chemical Company-is a division of Ashland, Inc. Ashland, Inc. is approved for financial trading, no master in place.  CONFIRM DESK:  WHEN THESE CONFIRMS GO OUT, we consider this counterparty to be Ashland, Inc.  We want Ashland, Inc. to show up as the company name and on the signature line.  If the counterparty wants the division name there, we can sign it "Ashland, Inc., acting through its Ashland Speciality Chemical Company division", but we want the company name there and on the hook.  Let me know if you have any questions... 
 I still do not appear to be getting copies of all credit worksheets.  Please remember to keep me on this distribution. 
 Just a note to remind you about something we need to discuss tomorrow, Transco Zone 6. 
 Why don't you send them directly to Kate, with a note to return them to you. It might speed things up. 
 Aquila wants to trade online under two names, Aquila Risk Management and Aquila Energy Marketing.  They have asked us to attach to their ETA, a listing, and copies, of all master agreements we have in place with those two counterparties, whether physical, financial, gas, power, etc.  Can you look those up for us and copy the relevant contracts?  Thanks for your help! 
 Attached is my response to your 12/1/99 list. 
 Molly,  Why were the counterparties on your latest list under the Legal tab different from those under the Credit tab? 
 The counterparties below for review are under the Credit approval tab. Please let me know ASAP if they are approved to trade. 
 Attached is another list for approval.  Under the comments section, if it says "declined" you do not need to review it because Credit has not approved the counterparty to trade, if it says "division" it means that it is a division, and Credit has already approved it to trade under the counterparty name to the right, if it doesn't say anything, it means it has been approved to trade and those are the counterparties you should be reviewing. 
 So you'll be doing name changes/mergers in the future, not Susan? 
 If you open in "view" you will be able to see it.  Thanks for your prompt response! 
 You get a gold star for the week! 
 That seems reasonable to me!  Ask the Swap Paralegals, no matter what the problem is, my answer is "well, you know what that means..." and they all respond "we can go home!".  If they only made me boss... 
 In connection with Enron Online, please add the following people to your email distribution list for new contracts or any contract or counterparty change:  Karen Lambert, Frank Davis, and Carrie Southard. 
 Attached please find a proposed form of Termination Agreement for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.  Obviously, we need to still input the trades.  Peter,  It appears that our signers on the trading floor will be offsite in PRC meetings on Thursday.  I need to know ASAP when we plan on signing this because I am going to have to call around to find an officer that might be in. 
 I forget my attachments all the time.  Sorry! 
 Attached is the consolidated list of counterparties for the week ending 12/3.  All other lists sent to you by various people this week can be ignored.  If a counterpartys says "declined" by Credit, you don't need to look at it.  If there is nothing in the box it means "approved" and, as of today, look at "divisions" which means they are trading out of a division The "division" issue is up in the air and is being looked at on a going forward basis.  Per my agreeement with each of the physical groups, IF I DO NOT HEAR FROM YOU IN ONE DAY, I WILL ASSUME THE COUNTERPARTY IS APPROVED TO TRADE ALL THE PRODUCTS THAT CREDIT HAS APPROVED FOR THAT COUNTERPARTY.  We rarely expect counterparty issues from the physical trading groups, most of the counterparty issues will be with the financial trading counterparties.  I ONLY NEED TO HEAR FROM YOU IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH A COUNTERPARTY.  Most of the physical trading group's issues will revolve around which contract to use, and that should be resolved directly with Global Contracts, in the same way you resolve such issues on an "off-line" basis.  Credit is redoing the 12/6 and 12/7 lists they sent to me earlier, and I will forward them to you as soon as I receive them. 
 What is was is that the document was in Word 95 and we work in Word 97, so I just had to go in and open Word 95.  I think what you are doing is what they are trying to get up and going here in Houston, but they're not ready yet. Mine and Mark's questions to you is who goes down the Legal List and says yes or no to trading? 
 Attached are the final lists for this week for your approval.  Again, if I do not hear from the respective physical trading groups in 1 day I will assume that all counterparties are approved. 
 Just a note to Group after discussion w/paralegals and Mark:  on a going forward basis if our counterparty is a hedge fund, we will ask for all corporate documents, plus a copy of their prospectus (which should show us what the fund is allowed to invest in). 
 Shawna and I are both sitting here so excited to get your note.  Are we available?  For Chapman?  Of course!!!  Shawna's answer is...both nights, many festive drinks!  We are only limited by the thought of choosing just one night over the other!  If we have to, we will.  We leave the choice to you, because we are available either night...    Jon Chapman 12/14/2000 11:11 AM 
 Just one note.  I have a typo in your company name in the address, it needs an "r".  Fax it back to me at 713/646-3490 and I will get it signed by Enron.  Thanks for such a quick response!    "John Dean" <john.dean@excambria.com> 12/14/2000 11:22 AM 
 Below is an email Dovie sent out a while back referencing the procedures for sending out NDA's.  When you need an NDA, please email me the following information.  I then contact a paralegal that maintains a database of our NDA's to check for conflicts.  Once we've done that I will prepare and send out the NDA as directed by you, then work with you as appropriate in the particular client situation to get the NDA back signed.  Once it is fully executed I need to send the original to the same paralegal here who is the central gatekeeper of all NDA's.  My number is x33399 if I can assist you with anything. 
 If you think the attached would be helpful to any members of your group, please pass it on to them... 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Excambria, Inc. and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC dated 12/14/00.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 We hav received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between PVM Oil Associates Limited and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC dated 12/12/00.  A copy will be sent to Bob Shults and Dave Samuels. 
 Another list! 
 My understanding of this NDA is that London gave it directly to Craig Chaney to get executed by the counterparty.  So, David, I think you need to get a copy from Craig, and then forward a copy on to me. 
 How did it get to be that these people are drafting their own NDA's.  I thought our agreement when we met with Dovie Keptra was that I would draft them.  I would prefer every time not to have to figure out what they've changed. 
 I ran this by Leslie, and she has no problem, so go ahead and send it out to your customer.  If you could please keep us in the loop on the status of any negotiations or execution...Thanks!    Peter Feltman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 12/18/2000 10:47 AM 
 Attached is a current list of the NDA's we are/have worked on for your groups.  Please take the time to review this list and confirm the status of any NDA's you are interested in. 
 We do not appear to have received your fax of the NDA.  Can you please fax it to my attention at 713/646-3490 and I will distribute it to the members of the Enron Team.  Thanks!    RHarris@Credit2B.com 12/13/2000 02:01 PM 
 Thanks!    RHarris@Credit2B.com 12/19/2000 07:32 AM 
 Per Leslie's email please open FPC for all US power ASAP. 
 Are you approving this for financial trading?  Per our conversations last week, I thought it would not meet the eligible swap participant criteria. Let me know.... 
 Nope, I'm going to need someone to do approvals that week after XMAS...    Leslie Hansen 12/19/2000 12:56 PM 
 There is some misunderstanding.  I still have not received the fax of the NDA.  Did you have it to my attention, Tana Jones, at fax no. 713/636-3490?    David P Dupre 12/19/2000 01:19 PM 
 I've got it now, thanks Robert!    RHarris@Credit2B.com 12/19/2000 01:32 PM 
 We have received the faxed copy of the fully executed NDA dated 12/13/00 with the referenced Counterparty.  I will send a copy to David Dupre, Matt Dawson in London for the UK files, and Kay Young for the Houston files and database.  Thanks to everyone for their help! 
 As we discussed, attached is the LOI revised to make some typographical type changes.      Lorraine Becker 12/19/2000 12:07 PM 
 Can you please delete access to the financial trading agreement database to the following people:  Anita Fam Brenda Whitehead Elizabeth Sager Jason Peters Stephanie Sever Christian Yoder Lorraine Filomeno Shari Stack Susan Flynn Lisa Lees  Two people need to have their access changed from Legal Dept., to Credit Dept. (therefore they can make Credit comments, not Legal comments):  Tom Moran and Veronica Espinoza.  Also, please add a lawyer in our Group to the database with full edit access:  Cheryl Nelson.  Thanks! 
 Kimball, Bay State and The Energy Authority were all amendments, even tho Credit didn't have them marked as such.  Kimball, I am ok with the change adding physical gas, they were previously shut down for financial and power, and no change there.  Bay State was previously shut down for financial and power, no change there, OK with adding physical gas.  The Energy Authority, I had previously shut down for financial, open for all power.  Now, per Leslie, have them open for US power sells only, so I'm changing that.  Hetch-Hetchy Water and Power is a division of the City of San Francisco, so I am shutting them down for all financial. 
 Per your request, attached is the "BETA" Agreement.  Mark also thought Bob might want the Broker Fee Agreement. 
 Has Mark given this to anyone to work on? 
 We have several ISDA with Lehman Brothers.  Attached is an Icon that will allow you to view the Financial Trading Agreement Database, which all the Legal Dept., including the London Legal Dept. should use to track their financial master agreements.  Matt Dawson know how to use this database, if you need to visit with him.    Link -->    By copy of this email to Mike Neves, I am requesting that you be granted full edit access to this database (Mike, Denis is a lawyer from London).      Denis O'Connell 12/21/2000 03:44 AM 
 FYI I will be out of the office after lunch today and will return 12/27/00. Have a good holiday! 
 Per Peter's voicemail, there is no standard ISDA form of parent guaranty.  I have attached the standard Enron Corp. and Counterparty guaranties we request under and ISDA Master, as Peter requested. 
 We have received a fax of the fully executed NDA from London.  I am having a copy walked down to Gillian. 
 Any word back of City of Riverside? 
 I spoke to the traders on the West Desk, and "EPMI Long Term California" should be documented as Enron Power Marketing, Inc.  "Long Term California" is just a book on the West Desk    Julie Brewer@ENRON 12/27/2000 03:42 PM 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss with me, do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399.  If the NDA meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 No action is required by Legal on above list. 
 Thank you, I got your fax and have forwarded it down to my Online Team for signature.  As soon as I get it back signed, I will fax a copy back to you.    Bill Lane <wtl@TradeWellSystems.Com> 12/28/2000 04:26 PM Please respond to "wtl@tradewellsystems.com" 
 Richard,  Below is the resume of a friend of George Hope, a member of the Online Team. As head of legal recruiting, if it meets the needs of any particular group, please pass it on. 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC and the referenced Counterparty dated 12/28/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Dave,  Per your conversation with Mark last week, it appears the Confirmation Desk people are still waiting for the "oops trade" language. 
 Unless otherwise noted on a going forward basis... unless I specifically mention a physical product, all physical counterparties will be approved for all the products that Credit has approved them for.  If I have an exception, it will be noted, otherwise CONSIDER THAT THE RULE.  Most of the comments I will have relate to financial counterparties:  For Financial  I am not responding to Credits "declined" counterparties.  1. AEC Storage and Hub Services, a business unit of Alberta Energy Company Ltd.  BAD NAME.  There is an ISDA Master in place between ECC and Alberta Energy Company Ltd.  I will approve financial trading with this Counterparty if the Confirms go out under that name. 2.  Ashland Speciality Chemicals Company, a division of Ashland Inc.  We are currently negotiating a master with this counterparty.  We earlier sent out a draft under a division name, and the counterparty came back and told us to change the name to Ashland, Inc.  So, if we trade under the Ashland, Inc. name, I can approve it for financial trading. 3.  Bayer Inc., Rubber Division-BAD NAME.  I have already approved trading under Bayer Corporation. 4.  Coast Energy Group, a division of Cornerstone Propane, L.P. - turning down to trade financial because we have already approved them for financial trading under Cornerstone Propane, L.P. 5.  Southwestern Energy Services Company-is a division of Southwestern Energy Company.  We have an ISDA Master in place with Southwestern Energy Company, which I will approve for financial trading under that name. 6.  Tenaska Marketing Canada, a division of TMV Corp.-already approved trading under TMV Corp. 7.  Trammochem, a division of Transammonia Inc. - BAD NAME.   I already approved them on the first list, and their master is in the name of Transammonia Inc., acting through it Division Trammochem.  FIX NAME!  For Power  1.  City of Riverside - per Leslie Hansen, they are permitted to trade pursuant to a GTC with collateral - subject to recieving override letter. 
 Why do I keep getting these new products for approval? 
 From an earlier email from Dovie Keprta:  Earlier this week, we met Tana Jones (Senior Legal Specialist) and Leslie Hansen (Legal Counsel) (Leslie will be on maternity leave soon, so  Mark Greenbery will be the new lawyer contact) with ENA (servicing ENW) to discuss the process for executing NDAs.  Leslie/Mark will serve as in-house legal counsel for EMS while Tana will be the Senior Legal Assistant for all documentation such as NDAs.  There are two general forms that ENW uses for NDAs.  The first form is bilateral and used when both parties are disclosing confidential business information.  The second is unilateral and more clearly and thoroughly articulates Enron's interests.  The second form should be used when Enron is the only party disclosing confidential information.  When you would like to execute an NDA with an outside party, please contact Tana via email (tana.jones@enron.com) and carbon copy myself, providing the following information: 1.  Which form you would like to use 2.  General description of the confidential information to be shared 3.  Counterparty's legal name 4.  Counterparty's address 5.  Contact name at Counterparty 6.  How/where to send NDA and appropriate information (fax or email and number or address). 
 Someone must be cleaning out their office, because a notice of a restructuring from Black Stone Holdings Parnership mysteriously showed up on my desk, with no note.  I have no idea if Credit knows about this BECAUSE IT IS SO OLD!  The notice dated 4/19/99, says effective 7/1/98, Black Stone Holdings Partnership transferred all of its assets and liabilities to Black Stone Minerals Company L.P., a Delaware Limited Partnership.  Let me know whether or not Credit knew about this already...if not, I'll send a copy down to you.  It was my understanding from way back when that they were no longer trading under the Blackstone financial master, so this may be moot.  If we are trading with them again, we never did get the corporate documents on the partnership from them and we may want to use this as an excuse to get them. 
 As you requested...      Paul Finken@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/02/2001 02:09 PM 
 I just got a call from Deutsche Bank a minute ago, and they got approval from Frankfurt and are overnighting the agreement to me for signature.  I'll keep you posted... 
 We have two new lawyers that have joined our Group today:  Francisco Pinto-Leite and Frank Sayre.  They will need access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  In addition, I am still waiting to hear that Cheryl Nelson has been granted access to the Financial Trading Database.  Can you let me know what the scoop is...?  Also, I left you a message this morning about my new database for online documents...when can we expect a roll out of that?  People keep sending me documents and I have no place to record them...  Thanks, as usual for your help! 
 Per Tanya's comments at our Legal/Credit Meeting yesterday, I would like to have the referenced counterparty come thru again to shut them down for financial trading.  Per Tanya, all financial trading for the Calpine family should be done out of Calpine Energy Services, L.P. 
 Attached is the form of NDA for distribution to your customer.       Peter Feltman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/02/2001 05:48 PM 
 Carol,  Susan is out today.  Is what you want just a full set of the ISDA documents? Do you need a binder of our internal forms as well?  I have a bunch of trainees coming thru so Taffy just made up a bunch of new sets of ISDA documents and is 3 hole punching them and putting them in the binders...Do you want them messengered out to your home, or just available for you when you get back to the office?    Carol St Clair 01/03/2001 09:41 AM 
 I knew that, I must've had a brain drain!    Lorraine Becker 01/03/2001 10:20 AM 
 As you requested, I am attaching our form of Bilateral NDA for the Enron Networks Group.  Please remember that all Counterparty specific drafts must be prepared by Legal.       Jake Staffel@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/03/2001 11:11 AM 
 Bad news.  We got the Deutsche Bank documents in and they weren't signed by them yet, and none of the supporting documentation was provided.  So, I think we are going to be on the longer side of the execution timetable vs. the shorter side...    Jean-Sebastien Fontaine@ENRON 01/03/2001 11:52 AM 
 You're relentless...!!!    Bob Shults 01/03/2001 03:23 PM 
 You are too good to me!    Bob Shults 01/03/2001 03:50 PM 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an  ISDA Master Agreement.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 The person we are dealing with is very nice, Stephen Kessler, their lawyer out of New York.  He has been very helpful.  We just don't know how long it will take it to get processed once it leaves our shop.  Our intention is to fedex the ISDA out to Steve tonight.  The Enron Guaranty will take a little more time, so at his suggestion we will follow up with that later, so we can keep the ISDA moving.    Jean-Sebastien Fontaine@ENRON 01/04/2001 01:57 AM 
 Can we open them up? 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 12/19/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty.  The original will be sent to Lisa Lees. 
 Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   December 27, 2000  Enron Entity:   Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:   Enron Canada Power Corp.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products.  Confirming Entity:  Enron Canada Corp.  Governing Law:   Alberta   Copies will be distributed. 
 Is RMT a domestic thing? 
 Aren't you due a vacation...???    Bob Shults 01/04/2001 01:23 PM 
 We have received copies of a Certificate of Merger filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on 12/22/00, effective 12/31/00, wherein El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. (Global Counterparty #72297), a Delaware limited partnership, merged with and into El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. (Global Counterparty #53350), a Delaware limited partnership, with El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. (Global Counterparty #53350) as the surviving corporation.  By virtue of this merger, the ISDA Master Agreement dated 12/01/99 should now reflect El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. as the Counterparty.  In connection with this merger, Credit will be getting a new parent guaranty from the Counterparty.  Upon its receipt, copies will be distributed.  Copies of the Certificate of Merger will be distributed. 
 Attached is the link that will allow you access to referenced database. Please note, that we have just upgraded the database to add the ISDA definitions, branch offices approved for trading, and market disruption provisions.  This information should be inputted for the new master swap agreements on a going forward basis, but we still need to go back and repopulate the data for the existing master swap agreements.  Also, FYI, the "See" drop down is our nickname for the name changes and mergers reference.  If an item is filled in for that entity it should show you any prior or new names for the counterparty.  If there is anyone else who would like the link, please let me know and I will forward it to them.  We hope you find the information provided in this database helpful.   Link -->       Limor Nissan@MGUSA 01/04/2001 02:03 PM 
 Please add if you don't already have her... 
 Sounds good to me!  I only wish I could bill by the hour the time I have spent today straightening out issues raised by this El Paso thing!!!    Tanya Rohauer 01/04/2001 03:35 PM 
 Attached is the BETA and Fee Agreement for NatSource.  Let me know if they meet with your approval. 
 Thanks for your prompt reply! 
 OK for me!    Stephanie Sever 01/04/2001 05:03 PM 
 Yes, there will be different legal/jurisdictional issues.  I'm going to have to run this by an attorney familiar w/Japan.  I'll get back to you...    Jake Staffel@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/05/2001 08:25 AM 
 We have a Counterparty on the 1/5/01 List, Accenture LLP that we need to approve immediately.  Can you let me know ASAP whether you have any problems with this counterparty. 
 The above counterparty is approved for all products, except physical power (and the usual!). 
 At the request of Dave Samuels, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 Attached are the BETA's and Fee Agreements for:  Power Merchants Group, Amerex Power and Amerex Natural Gas.  Please let me know what your thoughts are... 
 Just as I suspected.  I showed the attached email to Mark Taylor, and he says he still wants to send out confirms, so if Dynegy wants to just throw them out, that's their business, but keep sending them as you would in the normal course of business.    Larry Joe Hunter 01/08/2001 04:22 PM 
 What a happy coincidence about the book!  We'll have to share thoughts when we're done reading it.  The New York Times gave it a rave review, which made it so popular it was sold out for quite some time.  I've had to scold our buddy up there in the frozen north.  He's having to work on a master physical/financial netting agreement for a Canadian counterparty and has been calling me to ask basic ISDA questions that were covered in my class.  I told him if you two were paying more attention instead of clowning around so much...oh well, good thing I can't get him with a ruler up in Canada!  Take care, and I'll look forward to chatting with you... 
 Travis McCullough 01/08/2001 06:41 PM 
 EnronOnline, not Enron Net Works, entered into a NDA with the Enron Gas Pipeline Group.  Would you like a copy of it.    Travis McCullough 01/08/2001 06:50 PM 
 No Japanese connection...    Jane McBride@ENRON 01/08/2001 07:36 PM 
 Are we missing any Japanese counterparties? 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Allegro Development Corporation and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline, LLC dated 01/08/01.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I am unable to send you those DynegyDirect docs because my file is missing. I have tried unsuccessfully to locate it, so I am contacting the Online Team right now trying to get copies from them.  As soon as I get copies I will get you copies. 
 Per our earlier agreements with the Online Team, this counterparty is a division and I will not open them up to trade until the incorporated entity is part of the counterparty name.  Our financial contract is set up as "Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division". 
 Please mirror what Tom is doing...    Lisa Lees 01/09/2001 02:52 PM 
 Teresa Mandola with the EnronOnline Team has received a call from the TVA. They would like to start trading physical power online with us immediately and would like to see a copy of the Enabling Agreement they have in place for power.  Can someone from the power team provide this to them.  Teresa's number is x39807.  Thanks! 
 I just got off the phone with Aquila's Kansas City attorney about online trading issues and he said he would like to get an ISDA Master in place with us.  He said the contact to negotiate is their Calgary attorney, Carissa Browning at (403) 543-7188.   I told him I would pass on the request to our Credit team.  Much thanks! 
 can you send me the deal terms like we've done before so I can prepare an assignment.  Thanks! 
 I'm passing this on to you for review. 
 I am faxing the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex to you.  I sent a copy to you a few days ago.  I hope you should get it shortly.    Denis O'Connell 01/10/2001 10:26 AM 
 What do you think about this? 
 Who is Mike Bridges?    Bob Shults 01/10/2001 02:25 PM 
 I checked the agreements and we can provide you with copies of both of these, so I am having them copies right now and will be faxing them to you this a.m.    Matthew Dawson 01/10/2001 09:42 AM 
 Per my earlier email, are we trying to get Koch Hydrocarbon Co. changed to reflect the legal entity as part of the counterparty name? 
 Mark Taylor asked me to contact you about the referenced NDA.  He said you were the lawyer for Dealbench.  I'm a paralegal that works with Mark, and we got a call from a member of the Online Team, Dave Samuels, who said that "a lawyer" was working on an NDA for Dealbench, and he wanted to confirm that the agreement reflected Enron Net Works, not Dealbench, as the Enron counterparty.  Is this something you are working on and familiar with?  If so, can you provide me with a copy of what you are working on?  We appreciate your help! 
 Nora,  That you for such a prompt response.   We appreciate it!    Nora Dobin@ENRON 01/11/2001 02:55 PM 
 I don't think I need to be included on these emails about the bandwidth master contracts...    Amy Heffernan@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/11/2001 03:45 PM 
 Attached is the proposed form of LOI for Prebon.  Is Prebon Energy the full legal name of the company?      Bob Shults 01/10/2001 02:25 PM 
 On the attached list:  CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company:  Credit is opening them up for Can & US gas, which I am fine with.  I already had them open for financial. Make sure they're shut down for physical power.  Westpac:  I just approved that one on the 1/5/01 list.  There should be no changes from that list.  Enron Australia has an ISDA Master in place with them, as does ENA, so we are OK with them transacting all financial, including all Australia financial. 
 Oops, I sent you the form, not the prebon draft. 
 At the request of Michael Bridges, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.  If the agreement meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, Mike at (713) 345-4079 or Bob Shults at (713) 853-0397.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Legal has no problems with the amended counterparties on Credit's list of 1/4/01. 
 Jeff,  This is a physical deal which needs an assignment prepared. 
 You are a star! 
 Mr. Harrell,  Thanks for the lovely note about the execution rate.  When we had a big group meeting a few months ago we (Legal) were actually surprised by our success level at that time, but these numbers exceed our expectations.  Since you congratulated Credit, I took it upon myself to also email the message to Credit. too.. 
 What's Bobbie's last name?    Lucinda Kontos <lkontos@swbell.net> 01/12/2001 10:21 AM 
 Are you drafting this NDA for us?  I have already prepared a draft based off your form, which adds not only Enron Net Works, but also EnronOnline as our counterparty.  In addition, we have a company policy that requires that we have arbitration in all of our agreement.  Our client over at EnronOnline, Dave Samuels, is sending our form to his customer.    Nora Dobin@ENRON 01/12/2001 01:42 PM 
 Mark Greenberg, and attorney in our Group, has reviewed your comments and made some minor changes.  If these changes meet with you approval, please fax a signed copy of the agreement to me at fax no. (713) 646-3490 and I will, in turn, have it executed by Enron.  If you need to talk to me about the changes please call me at (713) 853-3399.  Mark is out of the office today, but will return Tuesday.  If you need to talk to him, his direct dial no. is (713) 345-8897. 
 Nora,  I have a call into my business person.  I ran what's going on by Mark Taylor (you know, I'm just a paralegal, Mark's a lawyer), and got his permission to exclude the arbitration language from the agreement.  So I just wanted to run it by Dave, and then we're home free.  Also, I don't know who you had lined up to sign, but Louise Kitchen has strict rules that I have to have someone from her group execute all their documents.  Who would you get to sign?    Nora Dobin@ENRON 01/12/2001 03:35 PM 
 I spoke to Dave Samuels, and if you are having Harry Arora sign it, Dave thought that would be OK with Louise.  So we're on board.  Could you send me a copy when it's signed.  Thanks for your help!      Nora Dobin@ENRON 01/12/2001 03:35 PM 
 Kimie got my last invitation.  If we add more, I'll have to get more.    Lucinda Kontos <lkontos@swbell.net> 01/12/2001 04:14 PM 
 No response is required from Legal for the 1/8/01 list. 
 FYI... 
 I am being told that FirstEnergy Services Corp. is the successor by merger to First Energy Trading Services Inc.  I do not have any documentation reflecting this merger.  Do you? 
 Cheryl,  Please keep me on this list.  I need to get it because on EnronOnline. Please take Susan Flynn off the list.  She is no longer in our group, and I'm not sure if she's still with Enron.    Cheryl Johnson@ENRON 01/16/2001 12:05 PM 
 Sure,  Just make sure that she has an updated book.  Also, can you verify that my book is updated since we use it to make the other copies.  Thanks.    Taffy Milligan 01/16/2001 12:33 PM 
 If Susan's not at the Company anymore, how can she ask to be taken off the list?    Cheryl Johnson@ENRON 01/16/2001 01:40 PM 
 Please send the documents to me at EB3802.  Thanks!    Cheryl Johnson@ENRON 01/16/2001 01:44 PM 
 She was on long term leave for about 4 mos. and then has to reapply to get another job someone in Enron since her job was filled in our group.  I heard she was back in the country, but I haven't heard whether she was going to come back to Enron or not.    Cheryl Johnson@ENRON 01/16/2001 02:57 PM 
 Nora,  Have you got that signed NDA in yet?  My business person, Dave Samuels is calling me about it...  Thanks!    Nora Dobin@ENRON 01/12/2001 04:07 PM 
 At the request of Stephen Abbanat, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss with me, do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399 .  If the NDA meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between the referenced Counterparty and EnronOnline, LLC dated 12/22/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 fyi 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC dated 1/12/01.  Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Nora Dobin. 
 Thanks for your prompt help, I really appreciate it!  I am currently creating a list of all the agreements I have or have heard of, so I hope to have something when you arrive tomorrow to review.    Paul Goddard@ENRON 01/17/2001 02:05 PM 
 I just received a copy of the executed agreement and am having a copy walked over to you.    William Frederking@EES 01/09/2001 12:37 PM 
 We are trying to locate the following agreements IMMEDIATELY for a RUSH project for Louise Kitchen:  Valtech     Jay Webb/Mary Weatherstone Octopi     John Pavetto TIBCO     John Pavetto Luminant    John Pavetto Shockwave contractor in Dallas  John Pavetto Proxicom    John Pavetto Pubpoint    John Pavetto or Bob Hillier Portal Builder (product of TIBCO) John Pavetto WebLogic    Jay Webb/Mary Weatherstone Houston IT Contractors   John Pavetto  If you could please let me know if you have the above contracts or who does and/or provide me with copies I would be most thankful. 
 But you have all the others with your name attached?    John Pavetto@ENRON 01/17/2001 05:26 PM 
 We are trying to locate the following agreements IMMEDIATELY for a RUSH project for Louise Kitchen and I understand Mark Holsworth prepared them fro the EnronOnline team.  Specifically we are looking for agreements with:  Agency.com Octopi? D'arcy, Masius, Benton & Bowles USA, Inc.  We have a copy of this signed by the counterparty, but not fully executed by Enron Corp.  If you have a fully executed copy in your files we would love to get one.  Otherwise, I have a xerox of the copy signed by them and we could send it up to you to get it signed by Enron Corp.  Much thanks for your help! 
 Dave Samuels thought I might want to confirm this with you.  I have a copy of an MOU in my files with Aether, but no records of us having signed any agreements with them.  Have you? 
 Attached is a list of the EnronOnline documents I am aware of.  Please let me know if there are any additional agreements that have not been included.  I have bolded those documents I am still trying to obtain copies of (and the person who might be aware of them).  If you have copies can you please provide them to me ASAP.  Thanks for your help. 
 Per John's request, I will be calling you about contracts below. 
 Yep!    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 01/18/2001 08:21 AM 
 Thanks Justy!!!    Justin Boyd 01/18/2001 03:17 AM 
 No, I think I sent my email to the wrong online distribution group.    Jane McBride@ENRON 01/17/2001 08:23 PM 
 I do have a copy of those.   Please provide me with a copy of the new one when it's signed.  Thanks for your help!    Julie Ferrara 01/18/2001 09:56 AM 
 At the request of Ed Sacks, I am attaching our sample form of Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex. 
 As you requested, I am attaching our proposed form of NDA.  Please keep us apprised of the status of the contract. 
 With this, we're at 498! 
 Paul,  Are they going to fax me a copy of the signed agreement?    Paul Goddard@ENRON 01/17/2001 01:03 PM 
 I just got a call from Stuart Rosman, who is meeting with the referenced counterparty right now.  NCPA would like to get a password in place today to start trading, and there seems to be some confusion as to what types of transactions they can do online.  Per my earlier approval, this counterparty can trade any physical products under the credit terms established by Credit.  They, however, cannot trade financial until we get an ISDA Master in place (and have told Stuart they are currently not interested in trading financial).  Stuart said he would be calling Carrie in about 1/2 to make sure this message is conveyed to her.  If anyone is aware of any problems here, please convey them to Carrie ASAP! 
 Is VWD the only agreement you have currently signed on that side of the Atlantic? 
 Also, if a Confidentiality Agreement was executed in connection with the VWD file, we would need to provide a copy of that too... 
 We need to get the signed copy.    Paul Goddard@ENRON 01/18/2001 01:22 PM 
 I've heard about it, but I keep forgetting to check it out...!    Genia FitzGerald 01/18/2001 02:39 PM 
 At the request of Ed Sacks, I am also attaching a sample form of Enron Corp. Guaranty. 
 We need to get copies of the merger documents.  Depending of the nature of the merger, we may or may not agree to it, as our document allows, and if we do, we need to determine the impact on our credit.  Can you provide a copy to me and Tanya Rohauer in Credit as soon as we receive the merger documents.  Thanks for the "head up".    Anthony Campos 01/18/2001 02:52 PM 
 No one seems to know about the Proxicom documents and Dave Samuels in EOL said your worked on this.  Is Proxicom ringing any bell with you? 
 Thanks, Jim was the man!    Diana Ovalle@ENRON 01/18/2001 03:30 PM 
 Anthony,  I just spoke to the Entergy lawyer, and this merger isn't effective until 2/1/01.  She will be sending me documents when they are filed with the Delaware Secretary of State.  So you don't need to worry about this.    Anthony Campos 01/18/2001 02:52 PM 
 Attached is what I hope is a pretty complete list of the EnronOnline contracts I have been made aware of.  There are a few I have open questions about  or am waiting to receive copies of the contract.  Can each of you please take a look and think about whether there are any others we may be missing.  Again, my time frame is short here, so if I can get your response promptly I would be most appreciative. 
 Karen,  I don't know that I need to get these lists from you that reference the contract numbers.  I really don't know anything relative to contracts numbers.  What was helpful was your memo earlier that listed the rejected masters.  I took at look at it and then distributed it to the Legal EOL team.  Thanks! 
 Done!    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 01/19/2001 09:17 AM 
 I was looking this up for ClickPaper and notice Bob was working on this master.  Wanted to pass on this email from Tanya... 
 Do I owe you any other lists? 
 So what should I do with this? 
 Credit has them as being an "ESP", which means they are an Eligible Swap Participant under the rules of the CFTC.  The CFTC sets financial criteria, such as certain net worth and assets tests for companies to trade financial products .  Sometimes counterparties can still meet the legal criteria, but Credit may not want to do that type of business with them.    Camille Gerard@ENRON 01/19/2001 10:54 AM 
 Just a note:  with Leslie Hansen out on maternity leave, Mark Greenberg is now the lawyer handling negotiation of the NDA's. 
 713/646-3490    Bob Hillier/ENRON@enronXgate 01/22/2001 08:11 AM 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching the link that will provide you access the the financial trading agreement database.  Please call me if you have any questions about the information contained in the database.  Link --> 
 Do we have them open for financial (both Legal and Credit)? 
 Do you want them to trade financial online? 
 We do not have any ETA amendments for any Koch affiliates.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 01/22/2001 02:41 PM 
 fyi- 
 Stephanie,  Can you let Mark Greenberg know if Koch Petroleum Group has accepted the ETA.  Thanks! 
 Sure!    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 01/22/2001 04:38 PM 
 Please find attached a copy of the Password Application and Electronic Trading Agreement for EnronOnline.  If I can be of further assistance please call me at (713) 853-3399.      "Randal Rombeiro" <RIROMBEI@worthingtonindustries.com> 01/23/2001 08:25 AM 
 Anne C Koehler 01/23/2001 10:02 AM 
 If we were ever thinking about becoming clearing members, now is the time to do so! 
 Left voicemail for Bob Hillier...    Anne C Koehler 01/23/2001 12:37 PM 
 At the request of Mark Greenberg, I am attaching a clean and blacklined copy of the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreeement, marked to show changes from the amendment we executed with BP Exploration and Oil Inc.  If this amendment meets with your approval please let me know and I will start processing it for signature.  My number is (713) 853-3399. 
 I spoke to Stephanie Sever with the online team, and Aquila Risk Management is still open as a counterparty, so no problem there.  When we get the assignment in, just tell me, then we will need to open Aquila back up for financial trading (they currently have read status only) and shut down Utilicorp. for financial trading.    Carol St Clair 01/23/2001 02:54 PM 
 Attached is the First Amendment to License Agreement which extends the term of the contract to March 31, 2001.  My understanding is that you will be sending it directly to FT.  Once they have signed off on the form, let  me know and I will get Mark Greenberg to initial it and get it signed by an officer of EnronOnline.  Call me at x33399 if you have any questions or if I can be of further assistance. 
 Do you get these? 
 At the request of Darren Vanek in Credit, we have done some preliminary due diligence regarding the ability of The Public Service Company of New Mexico to enter into financial transactions.  Based on our conversations with them and review of their Board Resolution, it appears:  1.  They are an investor owned utility, not a governmental entity 2.  Their Board Resolution ONLY approves electricity futures, options or swaps, and gas or oil futures, options or swaps. 3.  THEY CANNOT ENTER INTO FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS OVER 18 MONTHS.  It is imperative that anyone trading with this counterparty be made aware of this restriction  Please call me if you have any questions. 
 Nope.    Sara Shackleton 01/23/2001 05:45 PM 
 Can you take a look at this and let me know what you think... 
 Stephanie Panus, a paralegal in our group, handes names changes/mergers.    Veronica Espinoza@ENRON 01/24/2001 09:57 AM 
 Done.    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 01/24/2001 11:28 AM 
 I've just received your fax and am having it messengered down to an online officer for signature.  I'll fax you a copy when I get it back signed.    Ken Zito <kzito@unitedfuels.com> 01/24/2001 02:29 PM 
 Attached is a clean and redlined draft of the NDA. 
 There are two general forms that the online team uses for NDAs.  The first form is bilateral and used when both parties are disclosing confidential business information.  The second is a unilateral, Enron Protected Party form and more thoroughly protects Enron's interests.  The second form should be used when Enron is the only party disclosing confidential information.  When you would like to execute an NDA with an outside party, please email me the following information:  1.  Which form you would like to use 2.  General description of the confidential information to be shared 3.  Counterparty's legal name 4.  Counterparty's address 5.  Contact name at Counterparty 6.  How/where you would like me to send NDA and appropriate information (fax or email and number or address). 
 We believe the password would have been sent to Mark Haedicke.  He will be back in the office tomorrow and Janette will try and locate it for us when he gets in.    Carol St Clair 01/24/2001 03:14 PM 
 Per my conversation with Frank, we are opening up the referenced counterparty to trade financial under the division name  indicated above. 
 De nada...!    Michael Bridges@ENRON 01/24/2001 03:27 PM 
 FYI-attached is my list of notes on online approvals, which includes the South American countries we currently trade with.  Justy-if you have any updates to the European countries, they would be most appreciated.  I have had no updates since Edmund fell ill.      Francisco Pinto Leite@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/24/2001 03:18 PM 
 For you, anything!    Bob Shults 01/24/2001 04:00 PM 
 The NYMEX will hold the following classes in Houston in June. Those of you so inclined might want to reserve a seat now, as they go fast.  All the February classes are already booked.  You can call the NYMEX at 713/658-9292 if you would like to attend.  1.  Introduction to NYMEX Products-held June 7 2.  Intermediate Hedging-June 14 (Intro a prerequisite) 3.  Intermediate Options-June 17 (Intro a prerequisite) 
 Done! 
 Per my conversation with Peter earlier today, below is a list of classes that Mark may want to coordinate his Houston secondment with so he can attend some.  Internal Classes:  Basics of Risk Management:  4/26 - 4/27  filling up-act quickly  Derivatives 1:  4/17 - 4/18  filling up-act quickly 5/8 - 5/9 - lots of room still here  The internal classes book up quickly.  Everything between now and April is already full with large waiting lists.  If he is really interested he should try and sign up for classes immediately.  He can do that by going to the "Development Center" Icon (aka "Ernie").  Then he can sign up on the computer.  External NYMEX Class:  I checked with the local NYMEX office, and their next classes are as follows:  June 7 - Introduction to NYMEX Products June 14 - Intermediate Hedging (intro class a prerequisite) June 17 - Intermediate Options (intro class a prerequisite)  Like the internal classes, the NYMEX classes also fill quickly.  Their February classes are already full.  As I also mentioned, the first weekend in April is when the Roundtop Antiques Festival is.  It is a great way to see the countryside outside of Houston, all the local towns around Roundtop also have antique festivals at that time.  The wildflowers should be in bloom, and that is alway impressive. With the cold weather and rain, we might have a really good year for wildflowers this year.  Anyway, the above may help Mark get the most out of his time in Houston. 
 Don't think so, but I'll check w/the NYMEX and let you know....    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 01/24/2001 04:38 PM 
 I just spoke to Dave Fuller in the Portland Office about a potential 10 year deal he wants to do as soon as possible with the referenced entity.  As we all know, because of the legal issues that arose out of the "Orange County" litigation, no financial trades should be entered into with any governmental entity before legal due diligence of the counterparty has been completed and an ISDA Master is in place.   Also, besides the usual issues surround the governmental's authority to enter into derivative transactions, we also need to determine whether this entity can enter into transactions as long as 10 year w/o prior voter approval.  Credit, if you will send the credit worksheet directly to me I will prepare a draft ASAP and Sara will review it.  Dave should be calling you with the information.  Christian, if you have done any due diligence already on this counterparty we would appreciate any assistance/documents you can provide.  Thank you all for your assistance with this. 
 It is because we are required to due certain corporate due diligence prior to trading, which we don't do unless they really want to trade financial.  Most of these counterparties are really interested in trading physical products, so we don't bother to do the necessary due diligence.  If they really want to trade financial, we could transact w/o a master, we'd just have to check their corporate documents, file Consents to Service of Process, etc.  If we're doing all that we tend to say let's just get the master in place while we're at it.    Justin Boyd 01/25/2001 03:07 AM 
 I asked Tanya to confirm for me who in Credit whould be getting the emails about signed masters, and below is here response. 
 Just a reminder that I'm going to be in a little late tomorrow.  I'm going over to the old TCB Bank bldg. at 9:00am to sign my loan papers. 
 Thanks Tanya, you're the best!    Tanya Rohauer 01/25/2001 07:21 AM 
 Francisco,  You should have gotten my email back to Justin.  We have two sets of online customers coming thru, one set that originates from Houston Credit and one set originates from London Credit.  We are responsible for responding for Houston Credit based customers, and London Legal for London based customers.  A side issue to all of this is how we gather legal advice on trading around the world.  We don't want to duplicate efforts and costs by having both Houston and London Legal Departments requesting separate advice.  Our office is responsible for legal advice in the Americas and Southeast Asia, while London leads the efforts in Europe .  After we each receive advice we provide copies and communicate to each other the advice received.  Even though we both receive the same legal advice, sometimes we don't always agree on the approach in a particular country, and at the end of the day, each Legal Dept. is responsible for their own clients.  As far as the advice on Mexico, Chile and Argentina, as I told Justin, the advice I have received from the Houston lawyers is that although we can transact financial products in these countries, we have certain legal risks in doing so, and we need to do corporate due diligence to check their appropriate corporate documents to see if they are allowed to do these, and further, most of these counterparties have not filed consents to service of process here in the U.S., which we require in order to trade with us.  Since what these counterparties usually want to trade are physical products, we don't waste our time doing the due diligence at this point.  If a counterparty really wanted to trade financial we would spend the time resolving those issues.  As you become the responsible lawyer, first in Mexico, and maybe in the rest of South America, you may have a different opinion on these issues and we can certainly change our policies at any time.  All of the above is just what my current direction is from our lawyers.     Francisco Pinto Leite@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/25/2001 08:34 AM 
 Mark Haedicke just got back today.  I'm sure he's been putting out fires this morning and Janette will get back to me as soon as she has a change to chat w/him.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/25/2001 10:22 AM 
 At the request of Jake Staffel, I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss with me, do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399.  If the NDA meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Thanks you for your response.  I will make the change in the company name and circulate the copies for signature.  I hope to get them out to you in the next day or so.    "Weisz, John L" <WeiszJL@bp.com> 01/25/2001 11:43 AM 
 Looks perfect!    Peter Keohane 01/25/2001 12:07 PM 
 Per a conversation I just had with Saul Laureles, an attorney with Chamberlain, Hrdlicka, who has been hired to assist Apache/Shell with the assignment of the Fletcher Challenge business.  He said:  Fletcher Challenge would like to assign their petro business to Shell Holdings for a short time (like one day or so).  Shell would then immediately transfer the agreement/transactions to Apache.  He proposes we get a new master in place with Apache, since Apache is a better credit than Fletcher Challenge.  He said he will send me some letter showing how he would like to do this, along with a draft Apache ISDA (without collateral, of course, since Apache is such a good credit).  I told him that I can't speak for Credit, but we probably are going to have a big problem on that last point.  We never enter into masters without a collateral annex attached.  I'll keep you posted when I hear from him. 
 Here is a rough first draft of our jurisdictional database (summary of swap laws).  Besides the obvious typos, how does this work for you? 
 At the request of Mike Bridges, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please sign the NDA and return it to me via fax (713) 646-3490.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 Don't know about the Shell intermediary part.  I hope that will be spelled out in his email.  Also, we have about a 5 year old Local Currency ISDA in Place with them, so we could put the trades under that master.  I don't know if we want to upgrade the master at this time, or just stay where we are.  He said we didn't have a master w/Apache, but when entered my notes into lotus notes I noticed we did.  I called him back, he didn't know ERMS was the same as ENA.    Tanya Rohauer 01/25/2001 02:15 PM 
 Anne C Koehler 01/25/2001 02:51 PM 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.  In addition, although we feel our current discussions are covered by the Non-Disclosure Agreement between our affiliate Enron Europe Limited and GFI Group, Inc., we would like to enter into a Non-Disclosure Agreement directly between GFI and EnronOnline and Enron Net Works due to the ongoing nature of our discussions.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please sign the enclosed documents and return them to me via fax (713) 646-3490.  I will have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 It's pretty darn old and pretty ugly.  1.  It's a Local Currency Form, so we cannot transact cross border/cross currency products under it. 2.  We have a 3rd Party Cross Default to Enron Corp. of $25,000,000 3.  We've got market quotation for terminations 4.  No arbitration language 5.  Hard to believe, but we've made no choice of law election 6.  Don't have trade option rep (which probably doesn't matter anymore) 7.  ISDA Defintions refer to 1987 Interest Rate & Currency Exchange Agreement 8.  Setoff language old and doesn't have affiliate language in it 9.  Market Disruption Events not standard 10.  Old "ERMS" Collateral Annex 11.  $10,000,000 Exposure Threshold 12.  Credit Event Upon Merger triggers -0- threshold 13.  LC Only Annex - really old LC language/forms everywhere  This is basically a REALLY old, it looks like heavily negotiated, form.  This might be a good time to replace it.  I don't know how much trading we do with Apache.    Tanya Rohauer 01/25/2001 03:37 PM 
 Anne C Koehler 01/25/2001 04:28 PM 
 On your excel spreadsheet for clickpaper, can you add the physical products to the legal tab so I don't have to copy those over each time.  Thanks. 
 Thank you for such a prompt turnaround!  I have forward your email to our swap lawyers for their input and hope to get back to you shortly. 
 This counterparty is on the 1/22/01 list.  Can you open them up ASAP as follows:  no physical power, for financial-U.S. financial nat gas products ONLY, all other physcial products ok. 
 I do not need to see London's lists.  Please take me off this distribution.    Stuart Sheldrick 01/26/2001 12:19 PM 
 I do not need to see London's lists.  Please take me off this distribution.    Adnan Patel@ENRON 01/26/2001 12:33 PM 
 For Powerex, see changes on financial.  For physical power, no changes to prior approval.  See Legal Online Database. 
 fyi 
 Dave,  Attached is the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement.  The document you faxed me was the preprinted form of ISDA Master Agreement.  That document, TOGETHER with the attached Schedule is your full "ISDA Master Agreement". Also attached to this Schedule is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty and proposed form of Legal Opinion to be issued by Clark County PUD #1.  It is my understanding that you will provide these documents directly to the counterparty.  Again, the whole package above must be provided to the counterparty or you will not have a complete set of documents.  Call me if you have any questions. 
 At the request of Jake Staffel, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please sign the NDA and return it to me via fax (713) 646-3490.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 Canadian Securities Acts.  (i) Each Transaction shall constitute an =01&OTC= =20 Derivative=018 as defined in the Securities Act (Alberta) and the Securitie= s Act=20 (British Columbia) which have application to such Transaction and (ii) it i= s=20 a =01&Qualified Party=018 within the meaning of paragraph 9.1 of Alberta Se= curities=20 Commission Order Doc#394043 and paragraph 1.1 of the draft British Columbia= =20 Securities Commission Blanket Order BOR#91-501, as in effect on the date=20 hereof.] 
 We had 3 Australian counterparties on the 1/25/01 list.   I need to hear from you. 
 I'm holding up the list for 1/25/01 waiting to hear back from Australia. 
 Well, I do believe this makes 499! 
 Please Approve. 
 The steel products below need to be approved, and I don't know what lawyer = in=20 your group approves steel now that Marcus is in the power group. 
 So, per your email, I have approved them to trade all financial products, correct?    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/28/2001 04:40 PM 
 Can you lend whatever assistance you, or Louise can provide, in getting me assistance from Mike Neves on adding the Contract Database for EnronOnline. His boss's name is Scott Cleverly. 
 The bandwidth team is ok with these products.  Copy profile on the same product Credit said to copy. 
 Please provide the following lawyers with a guest ID to the above website. The individuals listed next to the products will check any online GTC's (we think there are none), and/or short or long product descriptions to determine whether we are happy with the language/contract terms.  Mark Taylor Mark Greenberg Stacy Dickson-nat gas Shari Stack-power Wayne Gresham-coal Brent Hendry-weather John Viverito-emissions 
 We previously had this counterparty open to trade financial because they were ESP, and now your 1/24/01 list says they are not ESP.  Which is it? 
 Please shut down the above counterparty from trading all financial products. They are no longer an ESP. 
 My email was more directed to the lawyers, kinda telling them what their job was once they get access.  Whatever we need to do the load the systems, or whatever training, it's ok by me.    Sheri Thomas 01/29/2001 11:01 AM 
 Thanks!    Stephanie Sever 01/29/2001 11:55 AM 
 Attached is the NDA you requested.      Peter Feltman@ENRON 01/29/2001 02:55 PM 
 mary,  are these in the swap forms bank so we can't alter them by mistake?    Mary Cook 01/30/2001 09:19 AM 
 The Finance Group is trying to locate some really old "Master Agreements" done in 1995.  We looked around and we didn't have any masters in place for the counterparties, but I was thinking maybe they really weren't "Master Agreements" but our old style confirmations.  The two counterparties were State Street Bank, as Trustee for Cash I, and Citibank as Agent, for Cash I. The Agreements were listed in the closing documents as "Interest Rate Agreement" and "Commodity Swap Agreement".  Can you look around and see if you have some really old active trades out there for either of those counterparties...?  So not to confuse you, about 2 or so years ago, we did some deals for State Street for the Cash VI Project.  The master for Cash VI is  actually is listed in the Financial Trading Database.  Thanks for your help! 
 Taffy,  Mary is the new lawyer in charge of the paralegals (someone needs to keep us in line, being the wild and crazy gals we are!).  Can you put these re-occuring meetings on my calendar and call it "Paralegal Lunch Meeting". Thanks! 
 Bob,  In order to be able to draft the Aquila assignments below, I am going to need the contract list which shows the contracts the  trades were originally under and which contract they will be under when we assign them.   Can you for that list to me ASAP so I can get started drafting the assignments.  It make take some time.  Thanks! 
 Harry,  Since physical steel is a new online product, I need to know from you wheth= er=20 you are aware of any reason why any existing counterparty should not be abl= e=20 to trade physical steel.  From your perspective, I would consider whether= =20 there is any legal reason barring a counterparty incorporated out of the US= =20 from buying physical steel, or whether you are aware of any current=20 litigation, payment disputes or other similar legal reasons which would=20 prevent an existing counterparty from trading physical steel.  Also, on a going forward basis, is there any legal impediments for any new= =20 counterparties trading physical steel? 
 Lisa,  I have a call into the physical steel lawyer.  We will not be able to copy = an=20 existing profile for physical steel.  Physical steel is a totally new onlin= e=20 product for us.  We, obviously, cannot copy financial steel, because=20 counterparties may be prohibited from trading it if they are not ESP's, if= =20 their master doesn't let them trade steel, etc (the usual swap issues).  Wh= at=20 I think my answer is going to be is that there is no legal reason why any= =20 counterparty cannot trade physical steel, so I would open all counterpartie= s=20 up to trade it.  I'm checking with the physical steel lawyers to confirm th= is.  Just a note, Global Contracts should also not be able to copy a profile,=20 because they should have a totally new GTC dealing with physical steel issu= es=20 specifically.  I'm sure Karen will probably copy me in on her email.  Just = in=20 case...I want to confirm what Global Contracts is saying for this one...  I'll get back to you to confirm the above for Legal. 
 The Firm ID and Password would have been sent to Mark Haedicke.  He doesn't recall ever receiving it.  I have to contact ISDA on Mark Haedicke's behalf to locate the password.    Christina Finelli@EES 01/30/2001 01:25 PM 
 Just as I suspected... 
 I will be taking April 4, 5 & 6 off.  My Mom is coming into town to visit her new grandson. 
 We have a RUSH approval for power trading for the referenced counterparty... 
 Attached is the referenced counterparty list.  There is no change to either counterparty since my earlier response to you. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 12/28/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 As you requested...         Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 01/31/2001 03:05 PM 
 I will be taking Friday off. 
 Nope.  Would you like me to call Mr. Fazio or would you like to?    Jake Staffel@ENRON 02/01/2001 09:54 AM 
 Attached is a revised NDA.  Please note, Mark Taylor changed your new language a bit.      Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 02/01/2001 10:33 AM 
 Attached is an updated list of the Legal contacts for Online issues.  Please provide the list to anyone you think might find it helpful. 
 We have received the following executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:  December 29, 2000  Enron Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:  Deutsche Bank AG  Transactions Covered: Approved for all products, including FX  Confirming Entity: Deutsche Bank AG  Calculation Agent: Deutsche Bank AG  Governing Law:  New York  Approved Branches For Deutsche Bank:  Brussels, Frankfurt, London, New York, Paris, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo  Agency Relationship: Deutsche Bank AG may act as Agent for Deutsche Bank Securities, if  they are specified as acting in such agency capacity in a Confirmation.  PAYMENT NETTING:   Cross transaction payment netting only applies to Commodity Transactions.  There is no payment netting for non-commodity transactions. 
 Nope, that honor goes to Susan Bailey with Aquila Canada.  I guess I'll have to be happy with getting the first agreement for the next 500...the countdown continues!    Paul Radous@ENRON 02/01/2001 04:07 PM 
 No, Mark Haedicke looked around and couldn't find it.  So I have to call ISDA...    Carol St Clair 02/02/2001 11:23 AM 
 Can you provide the password to on to me, probably, also to the rest of the group.  I  think we need to pass the password on the England, Singapore & Australia.  Also, I checked with Mark T., EES also wants to get access to the website using our password, and Mark said that was OK.    Carol St Clair 02/05/2001 09:25 AM 
 Below is our password to the ISDA Netting Opinions.  I'm stating the obvious, but please do not provide this to anyone outside Enron. 
 Below is Enron's Password that will allow you access online to the ISDA Netting Opinions.  In case you don't already know, you can find them on ISDA's Website at www.isda.org. 
 Below are the directions for you to get into the TradeSpark Website.  If you could please review the documents relating to your products ASAP, we would be most appreciative.  Brent, for you that's weather. 
 The guy's name is Henry Sito and his phone is 617/434-8132. 
 That was pretty good!    Becky Spencer 02/06/2001 08:01 AM 
 We're about 80 % done.  I gave Mark & Tanya a rough draft to look at yesterday and am waiting back for comments. 
 Do you want me to send it to the counterparty or do you want to?    Peter Feltman@ENRON 02/05/2001 04:34 PM 
 360 Networks Inc.  Thanks! 
 As you requested, attached is the form of NDA.       Peter Feltman@ENRON 02/05/2001 04:34 PM 
 Attached is our proposed revised draft of the article.  I ask that if anyone has any additional revisions they would like that they call you with their changes. 
 Genia FitzGerald 02/06/2001 01:35 PM 
 ? 
 I've been booked up lately for various things (mainly people's new babies and home improvement tasks).  I've been wondering where you disappeared to.  Do you want to do something this weekend.  There are a few new chick flicks I wouldn't mind seeing...    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/06/2001 04:53 PM 
 Are we currently doing any trading out of BT, or are we doing it all under Deutsche Bank now? 
 Yes, Lucinda had a little girl last Friday by c-section.  She  was about 5 lbs 12 oz (3 weeks early).  Her name is Sophia Eleni.  Then my brother Craig's wife had her baby on 1/9/01, a little boy name Daniel Francisco.  He was 7 lbs, 12 oz.  Then one of the attys I work with had a baby, a little boy, she lives around the block from me on Vassar, so a few of us went over to visit her.  We had to cancel Lucinda's baby shower the night before it because the baby was early.  I'm a little afraid to go see Hannibal, maybe something a little cheerier...?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/06/2001 05:37 PM 
 The financial agreement is with Petro-Canada.  We don't appear to have received any notice to the contrary. 
 De nada!    Genia FitzGerald 02/06/2001 03:28 PM 
 It looks like they made a lot of comments to Marks form. 
 Can you let me know what current business we might be doing with BT?  Thanks! 
 Thanks!    Laurel Adams 02/06/2001 04:24 PM 
 I looked at the website and it looked great!  Alena's photo of Chris is really good.  She has quite the eye.  And Chris's photo of the kitties looks like it could be in a kitty calendar.  The photos of Daniel were really good, especially that close up.  He really is a handsome baby.  I am going to have to get one of those cameras so I can send Chris photos to post of the Website.  Maybe we can start the Jones family monthly magazine and publish stories, articles, etc.  one a month.  I can be the editor.  Chris can be the layout guy.  What do you think of that.  We could require every family member to send something in once a month!    "Janet G. Jones" <janetgj@erols.com> 02/06/2001 11:13 AM 
 Per our conversation, can you get Bill added as a VP of Enron North America. He didn't want to fuss Enron Canada or EPMI right now.  Thanks for your help! 
 Correct.  The Services Agreement in place between ENA & ECC is what allows us to transact between the two companies without adverse tax consequences.  We have no such agreement in place with ECTRIC, and the UK tax regime is different.  We cannot transact between ENA & ECTRIC under each others masters.    Anthony Campos 02/07/2001 08:31 AM 
 Sounds good to me.  Just let me know where and when!    Zoltan Trizna <zoltan.trizna@ttmc.ttuhsc.edu> 02/06/2001 08:38 PM 
 Yes, I still tract these.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 02/07/2001 07:47 AM 
 We have received a letter dated 2/6/01from Chamberlain, Hrdlicka, counsel to Fletcher Challenge, with respect to the acquisition of Fletcher Challenge by Shell Overseas Holdings Limited, and Shell's proposed subsequent assignment of the Fletcher Challenge Canadian nat gas trades to Apache Corporation.  I am sending copies of this letter to Russell Diamond, Mary Cook, Greg Johnston & Joe Hunter.  Russell, I need to know if we would agree to the assignment of the trades to Apache.  Russell, Mary:   With respect to such assignment, we have an old ERMS ISDA Local Currency Master Agreement in place.  Do we want to continue to transact w/Apache under this master, or use this as leverage to get a revised ISDA master in place?  Among the issues I quickly spotted in the Apache master were:  1.  It's a Local Currency Form, so we cannot transact cross border/cross currency products under it 2.  We have a 3rd Party Cross Default to Enron Corp. of $25,000,000 3.  We've got market quotation instead of loss for terminations 4.  No arbitration language 5.  Hard to believe, but we've made no choice of law election (maybe I'm blind) 6.  Don't have trade option rep (which probably doesn't matter anymore) 7.  ISDA Defintions refer to 1987 Interest Rate & Currency Exchange Agreement-time to update 8.  Setoff language old and doesn't have affiliate language in it 9.  Market Disruption Events not standard 10.  Old "ERMS" Collateral Annex 11.  $10,000,000 Exposure Threshold-is this sufficient all this business? 12.  Credit Event Upon Merger triggers -0- threshold 13.  LC Only Annex - really old LC language/forms everywhere  Joe Hunter, I am going to send you down the letter which has what they believe to be all the Fletcher Challenge trades listed.  Do we agree?  As usual, they would appreciate a prompt response so they can get this assignment completed.  Thanks you all for your help! 
 ECT has a policy that prohibits employees from trading in any commodities that ECT trades.  Please make sure any future trading you may do complies with this policy.  Thank you. 
 Peter,  I don't know what letter you're talking about... 
 We have received the following executed documents from Counterparty:  1.  Amendment to EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement dated 1/9/01, executed by Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc. as authorized agent for and on behalf of IES Utilities, Inc. Interstate Power Company and Wisconsin Power and Light Company 2.  Consent and Acknowledgement executed 2/5/01 by each of IES Utilities Inc., Interstate Power Company and Wisconsin Power & Light Company acknowledging that Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc. is acing as authorized agent on behalf of such utilities with respect to the ETA and Password Application 3.  Password Application (EnronOnline only to have copy)  A copy of this documentation will be sent to Lisa Lees and Shari Stack. 
 I just got a call from Sheri Thomas with EnronOnline checking on the status of your reviews.  When each of you has completed the review of your products can you let me know, so we can sign off on that product.  Sheri is being pressured by our traders to get this up and is also getting daily calls from the President of Tradespark.  She would like to have everyone's sign off by Friday if possible.  Can you let me know whether this will present any problem.  Thanks! 
 I have created a "Forms" sub-subdirectory under my "Confidentiality" subdirectory.  You can now find the latest online forms there if you need one and I'm not around.  The other forms in my confidentiality subdirectory are earlier drafts of the forms. 
 When do you think you could reply by, so I can get Sheri an ETA?    Shari Stack 02/07/2001 02:29 PM 
 At the request of John Pavetto, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  If the agreement  meets with your approval, please execute it and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will have it executed by Enron and return a copy to you via fax.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 Hey, Queshare, how goes it?  My assistant should have some plane reservations for me by the end of the day to discuss with you!    Peter Keohane 02/07/2001 02:45 PM 
 Sheri,  Shari is our physical power lawyer.  What are your thoughts on the below? 
 Below is Enron's password that will give you access to the ISDA Netting Opinions online. 
 I just got off the phone with Margaret Lester, a contract administrator at Dynegy, and Harlan Murphy, an attorney she works with.  There was some misinformation communicated to them about EOL, and I told them the only way we would trade online with them was under the existing master, not under the online GTCs, we wanted the bankruptcy protection the master affords.  They want to replace the old ERMS Master with an ISDA and I told them we would be happy to generate the master.  Can I get some credit from you so I can turn around a master quickly, or we will have to work off their form, which will then become an ISDA comparison which will be a lot more work in the long run.  Much thanks as usual for your prompt help! 
 Haskel Mayo (301) 340-4941 Fax: (301) 340-4053 
 I've got the theater w/lucinda's mom on saturday.  How does fri night or sunday sound to you?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/06/2001 05:50 PM 
 ECTRIC is handled out of the UK.  If you don't have a contact let me know.    steven.kessler@db.com 02/08/2001 12:49 PM 
 Sheri,  Obviously, you're aware that Brent Hendry had problems when he tried to log in yesterday.  Now Wayne Gresham has tried to log in and can't get in either.  I expect no one else can get in, they just haven't tried yet.  Can you go over your directions and figure out what's wrong.  Thanks...    Sheri Thomas 01/30/2001 11:08 AM 
 (b) Agreement To Arbitrate:  Any claim, counterclaim, demand, cause of=20 action, dispute, and controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreeme= nt=20 or the relationship established by this Agreement, any provision hereof, th= e=20 alleged breach thereof, or in any way relating to the subject matter of thi= s=20 Agreement, involving the parties and/or their respective representatives=20 (collectively the =01&Claims=018), even though some or all of such Claims a= llegedly=20 are extra-contractual in nature, whether such Claims sound in contract, tor= t,=20 or otherwise, at law or in equity, under state or federal law, whether=20 provided by statute or the common law, for damages or any other relief, sha= ll=20 be resolved by binding arbitration.  Conduct Of The Arbitration, And Authority Of The Arbitrators:  Arbitration= =20 shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted in accordanc= e=20 with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration=20 Association.  The validity, construction, and interpretation of this=20 agreement to arbitrate, and all procedural aspects of the arbitration=20 conducted pursuant hereto shall be decided by the arbitrators.  In deciding= =20 the substance of the parties=01, Claims, the arbitrators shall refer to the= =20 Governing Law.  It is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority t= o=20 award treble, exemplary or punitive damages of any type under any=20 circumstances whether or not such damages may be available under state or= =20 federal law, or under the Federal Arbitration Act, or under the Commercial= =20 Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, the parties here= by=20 waiving their right, if any, to recover any such damages.  Forum For The Arbitration And Selection Of Arbitrators:  The arbitration=20 proceeding shall be conducted in [New York, New York][Houston, Texas]. =20 Within thirty days of the notice of initiation of the arbitration procedure= ,=20 each party shall select one arbitrator.  The two arbitrators shall select a= =20 third arbitrator.  The third arbitrator shall be a person who has over eigh= t=20 years professional experience in over-the-counter derivative products and w= ho=20 has not previously been employed by either party and does not have a direct= =20 or indirect interest in either party or the subject matter of the=20 arbitration.  While the third arbitrator shall be neutral, the two=20 party-appointed arbitrators are not required to be neutral, and it shall no= t=20 be grounds for removal of either of the two party-appointed arbitrators or= =20 for vacating the arbitrators=01, award that either of such arbitrators has = past=20 or present minimal relationships with the party that appointed such=20 arbitrator.  Confidentiality:  To the fullest extent permitted by law, any arbitration= =20 proceeding and the arbitrators award shall be maintained in confidence by= =20 the  parties. 
 My pleasure! 
 We are not ready to execute an agreement with them until we have had some discussions with them about their authority.  Please send them the ISDA then have them call Mary Cook to discuss the agreement.    Dave Fuller 02/08/2001 06:03 PM 
 With respect to the attached list, please note that for Credit's "amended" counterparties, there will be no change in our original approvals except as noted.  Also, I have not responded to the "declined" counterparties, so those noted as such are not approved for any products (I didn't want to go through and "X" out all the boxes). 
 I just spoke to Brent and he still cannot get into the website.  Can you get with TradeSpark and figure out what the problem is and how can we get our people access.  Thanks. 
 I also want to see how your house is coming along...    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/09/2001 02:44 PM 
 Yes, I'm trying to get our computer guy to figure out what's the problem.    John Viverito@ENRON 02/09/2001 12:10 PM 
 Attached is revised list.      Anne C Koehler 02/09/2001 10:23 AM 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.  Please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or Bob at (713) 853-0397 if you have any questions or comments. 
 Attached is the icon for the Financial Trading Agreement database which will allow you to look up the status of master swap agreements we are working on. If you cannot read the comments section and do not have edit capability let me know and I will get you edit access. 
 Tanya,  Can you please encourage the Credit team to use Lotus Notes to look up the status of master swap agreements.  If members of your team do not have edit/comment screen access, please provide me with a list and I will get them access to the database. 
 Can you please let me know whether the new attorneys in our group have edit access to the database, Frank Sayre, Francisco Pinto Leite and Cheryl Nelson.  I think Cheryl just tried to add a note and couldn't.  Thanks. 
 Attached is our standard assignment form for financial masters, and a very rough draft of Aquila... 
 Julie,  Just an FYI.  Depending on the type of contract, when I get them in I check them to make sure they have been correctly executed, and then, for the most part, I send the originals to Dave Samuels, who I have designated as the original file keeper for the non-trading related online documents.  I keep copies of the contracts here so we have a backup copy.  I am also working to put a database together so we can monitor what contract online we have.      Julie Ferrara 02/09/2001 05:58 PM 
 Jason, our new computer floortech, has discovered why we can't get into the system.  He spoke to the Tradespark people and Tradespark is an NT system, and they won't have Microsoft 2000 compatibility for several months.  We cannot install NT on each of your individual computers, Jason says you can only have one system at any given time, so I have asked him to locate an unused terminal on the floor and install NT on that computer.  As soon as we have it up and running, I will let you know and you will have to do your review at that terminal.  Thanks for your patience. 
 What is the nature of your project or discussions?  Will our standard language..."information in connection with a possible transaction or other business relationship..." suffice?     Peter Feltman/ENRON@enronXgate 02/12/2001 09:31 AM 
 Please find attached NDA for distribution to your customer.      Peter Feltman/ENRON@enronXgate 02/12/2001 09:44 AM 
 I just got a call from Select Energy and they would like to get an ISDA in place with us.  I told them they would have to go through Credit first.  The person I spoke to was Neil Herzig, Contract Administrator, his ph is: (860) 665-3275.  He said his Credit contact is Valerie Mooney at (860) 665-2387. 
 It looks like we sent them a draft in September.  I called him back and left a message that he needed to contact Susan Bailey & Ed Sacks. 
 Per my voicemail, it appears we sent a draft of an ISDA to Susan Pharr at Select Energy in September of 2000.  Susan Bailey, a paralegal in our group, worked on that master with Ed Sacks in our Credit Dept.  Susan's phone number is (713) 853-4737 and Ed Sack's phone number is (713) 345-7712.  You might want to contact Susan Pharr to get a copy of the ISDA.  If you can't find it call Susan and she can get you another copy.    herzins@selectenergy.com 02/12/2001 10:38 AM 
 Can you please also get Angela Davis, another new attorney in our Group, edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement database.  Thanks! 
 I would like to take another day of vacation this Friday. 
 I checked with my boss Mark Taylor, VP and General Counsel, and he said it was OK to send you our templates forms.  Per our Confirmation Desk, there are many more Physical templates for all of these commodities, but these are the basic Firm delivery templates.  Nat Gas/Liquids-Financial:  Nat Gas-Physical:      Power Financial:   Power Physical:   Coal Financial: Same as Nat Gas Financial  Still waiting on Coal Physical and Liquids Physical. 
 Thanks Joe, you're the best!    Larry Joe Hunter 02/12/2001 01:44 PM 
 How does the following flight sound?  Flight arriving in Calgary 5:10 pm Tuesday March 6 Flight leaving Calgary 8:05 am Sunday March 11  If those days look good for you, I'll have Taffy book the flights... 
 Yes, I compared their blackline below against the draft I originally sent out, and the only changes were to the counterparty name, "or its affiliates" language, and NY from Texas, the same changes showing in the blackline below.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 02/12/2001 04:50 PM 
 I'll be there with a whole team from Enron.  I look forward to seeing you there!    <Simon_Platel@aigi.com> 02/12/2001 05:10 PM 
 I just wanted to let you know that I got the revised draft out by Fedex.  I think it may take 2 days for Fedexes to make it up there, so I didn't want you to think it didn't go out if you don't get a copy by tomorrow. 
 How did you decide to handle this? 
 Below is the link that will allow you to get into the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  Please forward this link to any members of your team that might find it helpful. 
 If you like, I can get you database access that will allow you to review the comments between Legal & Credit.  We do not give this level of access to non-Legal & Credit people because we are trying to limit certain information for client-attorney privilege (not to mention the business people give away our negotiating positions!).  If you would like this level of access, let me know and I will put in a request.  This level of access will also give you edit capability, so you need to be careful not to change things by mistake. 
 Attached is my proposed form of Guaranty to cover the US & UK business with Paribas.  Tanya, please note, per our discussion I have increased the guaranty amount to $50mm.  We have also added ECTRL to the Guaranty.  Please let me know if it meets with your approval and I will forward it to Paribas in NY. 
 Kate Cole's office sent me down your executed certificates, and I am going to Fedex them over to you.  Have a nice holiday! 
 Can you get Peter Keohane and Greg Johnston, two attorneys in our Calgary office, edit access to the Master Swap Agreement database.  Please let me know when they have access.  Thanks! 
 Need to hear ASAP whether you have any problems with this counterparty. 
 Thanks Harry!    Harry M Collins 02/13/2001 12:36 PM 
 Thanks!    Marie Heard@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 02/13/2001 12:38 PM 
 no.    Anthony Campos 02/13/2001 02:54 PM 
 Thanks!    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/13/2001 03:17 PM 
 Per Genia's email below, please remember that the Power Group would like to mirror any changes to our Guaranty Forms.  If you make any please remember to let Genia know.  Thanks! 
 You'll see that I asked our group to keep you updated on the guaranty form. Carol St. Clair just wanted to make sure that you had our latest form of guaranty, so I am sending it to you at her request. 
 I updated Lotus Notes. 
 Such flattery!    Genia FitzGerald 02/13/2001 04:03 PM 
 Stephanie Panus has a few extra copies at her Desk.    Kay Mann@ENRON 02/13/2001 04:03 PM 
 Bud Ricketts called up and just wanted to get an email of the physical power agreement, I think because he wanted to make comments on the form on the computer so he could prepare a blackline draft.    Shari Stack 02/13/2001 04:37 PM 
 As a follow-up to my email regarding the execution of the 12/29/00 ISDA Master Agreement between Deutsche Bank AG and Enron North America Corp., please be further advised:  Effective 6/4/99, Bankers Trust Company was acquired by Deutsche Bank AG. All financial trading should now be transacted under the above Deutsche Bank ISDA Master Agreement.  No further financial trading should be done in the name of Bankers Trust Company, and the 4/16/91 ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement with Bankers Trust Company should be inactivated.  All outstanding Bankers Trust Company financial trades were assigned to Deutsche Bank AG in the ISDA Master Agreement, and all the Bankers Trust Company trades should be moved to Deutsche Bank. 
 As a followup:  This guys name is Mykhaylo Koshel and he is an outside consultant with the New Concept Group.  I've got a messenger going over to Allen Center to pick up a copy of the agreement with them.  I'll get a copy to you as soon as I get it.    Anne C Koehler 02/09/2001 04:05 PM 
 A week later?    Peter Keohane 02/13/2001 07:21 PM 
 Can we find the same flight during the week below? 
 OK    Mary Cook 02/14/2001 10:09 AM 
 Just want to make sure that you have Lisa Lees and Stephanie Sever with the EOL team on your list of "Others-Masters".  Thanks! 
 No, I just looked it up in Bankers Trust's financial statement filed with the SEC on their website, FreeEdgar.    Bernice Rodriguez 02/14/2001 12:13 PM 
 Susan,  When you get in, can you provide Anthony with a copy of the Aquila master, even if the only copy we have is a faxed signature.  Thanks! 
 Attached please find the referenced counterparty approval lists.  Per my conv. w/Frank and Leslie Hansen's emails, on a going forward basis, U.S. based counterparties should not be approved for European based physical power products, and vice versa.  I don't know how you want to handle that, I have not "Xed" out European physical power from the attached list.  What should we do on a going forward basis? 
 Taffy,  Can you please take care of this.  Thanks! 
 Say it ain't so, Joe...!  Where are you going?!!    Mary G Gosnell 02/14/2001 04:46 PM 
 I called Steve Douglas to check on who should be our tax contacts, and he said he, Jeff Blumenthal and Morris Clark can certainly help us with trading related tax issues.  However, he is grooming Susan Musch to become the lead trading tax person, so we might want to start calling her.  Her ph no. is x56010. 
 Do you want me to call Steve Kessler re: Enron Corp.? 
 Yes, you do not have access to Lotus Notes, because I have been hung out to dry.  They don't have time to keep up with our demands for access, so they want me to do this, and they have sent me instructions and are working on getting me the level of access to change approvals, but I'm not there yet. All things will come...    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 02/15/2001 10:35 AM 
 It make take a bit longer.  The computer people will no longer do this for us, I am going to have to do this myself, and I don't know how.  I've got to figure this out.    Angela Davis@ENRON 02/15/2001 12:43 PM 
 Jay,  To reconfirm my conversation yesterday with Reid Grossman, a consultant hired by the referenced counterparty to negotiate their trading documents with us:  1.  PUD #1 would also like to get gas and power trading agreements in place with us.  Per my conversation with Dave Fuller yesterday, the physical trading agreements are of a higher priority than the financial trading agreement. 2.  They would like to get a draft of a collateral annex from us.  Their suggested trading threshold for themselves was in the $3.5-5mm range. 3.  They would already be in default of the MAC's you sent me in the credit worksheet dated 1/25/01.  We need to revisit the MACs. 4.  They think a 3rd party debt threshold of $1mm is too low for them, they suggested a threshold of $10mm. 5.  The agreement provides for annual and quarterly financial statements.  I don't think they have quarterly.  You need talk to them about what they can/will provide.  If you would like to talk to Reid directly, his ph no. is 509/252-5096.  By the way, Reid is an old buddy of Bill Bradford from Reid's Avista/PG&E days, and Reid sends his regards to Bill.  If you see Bill pass this message on... 
 It is not clear to me how we should handle this, what do you sugguest?  As a note, I will be out of the office on Friday. 
 My boss Mark Taylor was handling this with Phillip Allen.  I don't know what they ever resolved.  I forwarded your email on to Mark and I left a voicemail for him to please respond.    Dawn C Kenne 02/13/2001 08:51 AM 
 Taffy,  Was this taken care of? 
 Russell,  On Public Service Company of Colorado,  I don't know why you have this on "no financial trades", but if it was because of the contract authority problem, that has been resolved, so you could open it up if that is the reason.  See Lotus Notes for more detail. 
 We have received the fully executed Non-Disclosure Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Things may come in a little differently because of Profile Manager (my direct input into the EOL System).  I will now only see amendments to counterparties that have already been approved, thru Profile Manager, they will not be coming in thru the spreadsheets any more.  So, on amendments that affect power, I am going to have to send you an email about the change.  For the above counterparty, we originally had them open for power sales only.  Now, Credit is coming back thru wanting to open them up for the bid and the offer.  Do you want to change the earlier approval from power sales only, or open them up all the way? 
 Attached is an email I got from the lawyer for Fletcher Challenge. Obviously, he is on a short time frame, so we need to respond rather quickly.  Russell, we need some direction from Credit on how we want to proceed on this assignment.  Do you want to meet to go over this, and maybe give Bert a call, or what...?  Please let us know. 
 At the request of Rahil Jafry, I am attaching a copy of our proposed First Amendent to License Agreement, which extends the term from February 28, 2001 to April 30, 2001.  If the Amendment meets with your approval, please execute it and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  If you have any questions or comments please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Rahil at (713) 853-3206.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 No change yet.  We are short w/space & computers, and my assistant is working with our computer floor tech to find a computer and some space so our lawyers can log into the system.  Two our our lawyers are now out for the week, our gas & power lawyers.    Sheri Thomas 02/20/2001 10:02 AM 
 Keegan, please include me (as well as all members of the team) on any distributions when members of the Swap Group are going to be out of the office.  This would include Mark Taylor, Sara Shackleton, Carol St. Clair, Mary Cook, Francisco Pinto Leite, Cheryl Nelson, Bob Bruce, Frank Sayre, Susan Bailey, Samantha Boyd & Stephanie Panus.  Thanks. 
 For Consolidated Edison Energy, Inc., coming thru by Credit to open them for US east power, you already had them open to trade all power under the GTC, so I am going to keep them at that.    Shari Stack 02/20/2001 08:56 PM 
 I'm not so sure I agree with your name change for US Department of the Interior.  I think as part of the name we've got to have that it's a govt agency.  Anything else would be misleading to what it actually is.  I think more appropriate would be United States Department of the Interior, Minerals Management Service.    Samuel Schott 02/20/2001 05:43 PM 
 What is the nature of the confidential information being discussed?  Will our standard language "...furnished in connection with a possible transaction or other business relationship..." suffice, or do you want to be more specific? Also, do you want the bilateral form?    Paul Finken/ENRON@enronXgate 02/21/2001 11:18 AM 
 OK by me, have fun!    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 02/21/2001 12:07 PM 
 Per the directions of Sam Schott, I am forwarding this email on to you.  I discussed the counterparty name "Minerals Management Service" with my boss, Mark Taylor, General Counsel of ENA, and he agreed that agencies and departments of the US government should have the correct governmental agency/department as part of the counterparty name.  You could say "Minerals Management Service" is a dba for the US Department of the Interior.  We generally do not like to contract with dbas, we want the legal entity as part of the name.  A more appropriate name for this counterparty is "US Department of the Interior Minerals Management Service".  The way the exposure rolls up under the GCP System is an exposure issue, not a contract issue.  If you disagree with this assessment, please call Mark Taylor at x37459. 
 Don't we need to chat about this? 
 Looks good to me.  I'm putting it on my calendar...    Mary Cook 02/21/2001 05:11 PM 
 I just tried to call you, I couldn't get through.  What are you discussing with Carr?  Is this just for them to enter into an BETA, or something else? Also, do you want a bilateral agreement?  Who will be providing the confidential information?  It shouldn't take me too long to draft you and NDA once I get this info.  I'll email it to the counterparty and copy you in on the email.  Of course, we have to get it signed here in Houston, so time is of the essence...    Daniel Diamond 02/22/2001 08:45 AM 
 Per Wayne Gresham, a lawyer in the coal group, we are having a substantial payment dispute with the referenced counterparty, and George McClellan, the business person (and a Managing Director), would like to shut them down immediately for all trading (which appears to be coal and emissions), offline and online, until this payment dispute is resolved. 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of EnronOnline.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Paul,  Attached are the 3 NDAs you requested.  Please let me know if they meet with your approval, and I will email them to your customers.         Paul Finken/ENRON@enronXgate 02/21/2001 01:10 PM 
 I've got confirmation of the following non-refundable plane fare:  leave Houston Tuesday, March 13, arrive Calgary 5:10 pm, returning Sunday March 18 at 8:05 am.  Staying at the Sheraton Suite at 255 Barclay Parade SW.  Is that a good hotel? 
 If you do not have access yet to the Financial Trading Agreement Database, this link should get you access.  Hopefully when you open up your computer tomorrow you will now have an icon to get in.  Credit people, if you do not have edit capability let me know and I will get you access.  Link --> 
 I'll work on getting it for you!    Wendy Conwell@ENRON 02/22/2001 03:15 PM 
 At the request of Paul Finken, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Paul Finken, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 With respect to Western Area Power Administration - CRSP.  Can't "ditto" Credit on that one, Credit gives no direction as to what they want to trade. The database reflects that Leslie approved them to trade power already in July of last year, so my intention is to keep them open.  I don't know what "CRSP" means at the end of their name, do you?    Shari Stack 02/22/2001 04:16 PM 
 Never mind...!    Shari Stack 02/22/2001 04:34 PM 
 Sorry about the missing information!!! 
 I just spoke to Credit about one counterparty on the list.  You've got Utah Municipal Power Agency shut down to trade since they're not FERC authorized. They specifically came through online wanting to trade power, and Credit wants to know if you can give them a call and determine if you can get whatever evidence you need to get them open for power.  The name of the guy that sent the application in is Richard Judd and his ph no. is (801) 852-6842.  Thanks!    Shari Stack 02/22/2001 04:16 PM 
 fyi! 
 That was cute!    Genia FitzGerald 02/23/2001 07:12 AM 
 Does Matt Lee, our lawyer in the Singapore office, know he needs to file NDAs with you? 
 Link --> 
 It sounds like he knows you should be included in the loop.  I should get a copy (I hope!) so we'll see if that's true!    Kay Young 02/23/2001 09:39 AM 
 Great!  It really is a good database and I hope people use it as a resource more.  It's the first thing we here in Legal look at when someone asks us a question about a master.    Bianca Ornelas@ENRON 02/23/2001 10:01 AM 
 Attached is the current list of the Confidentiality Agreements I have prepared for the Enron Net Works and EnronOnline Teams.  Please review this list and let me know if you have any comments or questions with respect to this list. 
 Attached is our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  Please let me know if I didn't get the company name correct.  Thanks for your help with this. 
 At the request of Mike Bridges, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  Per my earlier emails, I am not "xing" out the boxes for european power, but they should not be traded. 
 When Tom is right, he's right, ditto for me!    Stephanie Sever 02/23/2001 05:38 PM 
 Offer still good.  How goes things with the new beau?  Also, thanks for the cooked meats.  They were delicious!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/26/2001 12:08 PM 
 No, I havent heard anything back.  Do you want to call them?    Julie Ferrara 02/26/2001 01:31 PM 
 As a general matter, you need to use the forms of Confidentiality Agreements contained in the atty.fms bank, not the Swap Group's forms.  We have developed a few of our own forms for special purposes, one, which is in the swap forms database/current forms, protects the counterparty only, and is used when Credit wants to get copies of financal statements from a counterparty and protects the financial information being provided by the counterparty.  I have developed forms for use by the EnronOnline team, but those should not be used for any Enron company except EnronOnline and Enron Net Works.  For any other types of matters/projects, we would also use the forms contained in the atty.fms bank.    Genia FitzGerald 02/26/2001 03:44 PM 
 They are still trying to get people onto the system.  What is going on with getting that terminal set up so I lawyers can review the products? 
 Your fax of the signed NDA did not come through all the way, I only got part of the first page.  Could you please refax back the whole document so I can get it signed by Enron.  Thanks!    Tana Jones 02/22/2001 04:14 PM 
 Your fax of the signed NDA did not come through all the way, I only got part of the first page.  Could you please refax back the whole document so I can get it signed by Enron.  Thanks! 
 Yes, I'll have Mark initial it and send it down for signature tomorrow.    Julie Ferrara 02/26/2001 05:30 PM 
 I have received the fully executed amendment to the ETA for the referenced counterparty dated 12/20/99.  Copies will be distributed as usual to Frank Davis, with a copy to Dave Forster. 
 Tom is the man, ditto for me!    Stephanie Sever 02/26/2001 05:50 PM 
 Deutsche Bank has gotten back to me and is vacillating on what they want to do with the Bankers Trust trades.  In particular, they haven't thought through what they want to do with the online trades, don't like on online documentation, and now they think they may want to do a full novation of the trades once they decide how to resolve this.  So, until we hear back from them (they said in about a week), just let the Bankers Trust financial trades and master sit. 
 Yes, please send this up to me.  Thanks!    Diane Anderson@ENRON 02/27/2001 09:31 AM 
 The 1100 series.  Frequently I use 1100-3, the Bilateral form.    Genia FitzGerald 02/27/2001 09:34 AM 
 646-3490    Diane Anderson@ENRON 02/27/2001 10:03 AM 
 Will these instructions allow me to change the Credit people too?    Michael Neves/ENRON@enronXgate 02/13/2001 01:24 PM 
 ECT HOU_LN1/ECT Legal\new_swp.nsf  I will be having about 5-7 other people that I will need added to this database.  Should I send these requests back directly to you, or do them through the system as well?  Also, there are two ways of getting edit access through this database.  One is for employees of Legal, who can then enter Legal comments, and the other is for employees of Credit, who can then enter Credit comments.  Do you see that choice?  Is there some way for me to verify which employees of Legal and which employees of Credit have what access?  I know that some employees of Credit have Legal access by mistake.  Can I get lists of the Legal and Credit breakdowns?    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 02/27/2001 11:17 AM 
 I took Friday, Feb 16 off.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/27/2001 11:10 AM 
 !.  I'll be trying to do that big request, and will let you know if it doesn't go right.    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 02/27/2001 01:12 PM 
 I have received the fully executed Termination Agreement dated as December 15, 1999, effective as of December 17, 1999, terminating certain transactions under the ISDA Master Agreement.  The ISDA Master Agreement remains in full force and effect.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Sounds like your world is a little up in the air right now.  Best wishes for success in whatever you decide to do.  It has been a pleasure working with you over these years!    Mary G Gosnell 02/27/2001 01:28 PM 
 You should have edit access now.  Why don't you go try and see if it works... 
 How do I do more than one request at a time.  Can you call me a x33399?    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 02/27/2001 01:12 PM 
 They must not let her take time off anymore.  It is quite disruptive to all our business to have her our of the office, don't you think?!!    Bob Bowen 02/27/2001 12:29 PM 
 Per our meeting, attached are the current forms of MAC Clauses.  I have added at the end of the list, the Event of Default for change in ownership because I know that one comes up frequently.  Also, I don't know if you want to also suggest that the other trading groups work from our guaranty forms as well as our LC form.  The Legal heads of each of the trading groups are:  Mark Taylor:  Financial Trading Jeff Hodge:  Physical Gas Trading Elizabeth Sager:  Physical Power Trading Alan Aronowitz:  Physical Global Markets (Liquids, Plastics, Coal, Emissions & Metals) Julie Murray:  Physical Industrial Markets (Pulp & Paper, Steel) 
 Mark Greenberg asked me to send you the Password Application to be used for the brokers.  Actually, there will not be a Password Application.  What they will be signing instead is the attached Fee Agreement.   Any questions, call me, Mark Taylor or Mark Greenberg... 
 I ran it by Mark and he has no strong feeling one way or another about the comma thing, so whatever you prefer.    Cheryl Johnson@ENRON 02/26/2001 02:01 PM 
 A novation is just the European based format for doing an assignment...    Tanya Rohauer/ENRON@enronXgate 02/28/2001 02:45 AM 
 I tried to get you access yesterday, there are three Angela Davis's in the System, what's your email address?    Angela Davis@ENRON 02/28/2001 06:59 AM 
 Please change the approval for the referenced counterparty to add basis swaps as an approved financial products. 
 I just sent the request.  I put a rush on it, so hopefully it should get approved today.    Angela Davis@ENRON 02/28/2001 08:49 AM 
 I think my bicycle is 52 centimeters.  I hope you have a tire pump, because I don't and I haven't ridden the bike in about a year and I know the tires are totally flat.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/28/2001 12:44 PM 
 I left you a voicemail yesterday about getting a master in place with Anadarko located here in Houston so they can trade Brent Crude and IPE lookalikes on EnronOnline under a master instead of a GTC.  We have an ISDA in place with Anadarko, but since ECTRIC is the counterparty online for those products, the trades wouldn't go under the ENA master.  The trader is pestering me about this.  What I would like to do is handle getting this ISDA in place with ECTRIC here in Houston, if that's OK with you, just mirroring the US master (except getting a Multicurrency in place since we have a Local Currency in place with ENA).  Is that OK with you? 
 Is Ian a lawyer, paralegal or Credit person?  Also, Mark mentioned the London Legal has been restructured somehow, and he asked me to ask you if could you fax us an org chart that shows the structure...?  I hear you got a fancy new car!    Justin Boyd 02/28/2001 11:41 AM 
 You are absolutely by far, no comparisons, the best!    Justin Boyd 02/28/2001 12:02 PM 
 From my mouth to his ear!    Justin Boyd 02/28/2001 12:23 PM 
 OK with me!    Stephanie Sever 02/27/2001 01:30 PM 
 I don't think I need new tires, unless I'm surprised.  You might want to buy an extra tire in case you get a flat.  I think I loaned Harry my old spare tire.  Anytime Saturday is fine...    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 02/28/2001 01:12 PM 
 Attached are the referenced lists.  If the Credit Counterparty is "amended" I don't have any changes to what I've previously said about the counterparty unless I add "w/change" (which I didn't have any on these lists, so just keep the Legal approvals the same).   The only counterparty on the 12/22/99 list was a "read only" counterparty, so I didn't bother responding to that list. For physical power, again, even 'tho I'm not saying it, "no" for European based physical power products. 
 I know I'm a pest...but we've got another gov't agency that doesn't have its legal entity as part of the name.  This one is on the list of 2/21/01, and it is the Western Area Power Administration, a division of the Department of Energy, acting through it "CRSP" area (I'm not sure what that stands for, it's the Central something something area) (ID#71175).  This particular counterparty has come up before on EOL, acting through another area, the Upper Great Plains Area (ID#81177).  The way I had this counterparty approved for EOL (I thought!) was:  Western Area Power Administration-Upper Great Plains, a Division of the United States Department of Energy.  I don't know if we can go back and get this one fixed too, but it would sure make Legal happy if we did... 
 Some financials from James Hardie have been floating around the company for about a week and they just made their way up to me.  I'm going to have them forwarded down to you. 
 Yes, I fedexed TradeSpark out to them.  If you remember, I brought the file copy around to you for the file.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/01/2001 09:06 AM 
 Nope, we still don't have a terminal we can use.    Brent Hendry@ENRON 03/01/2001 09:47 AM 
 The fellow from Alliant keeps calling me to check on the status of his access to EnronOnline.  We received the executed ETA Amendment about 3 weeks ago and he is really hot to trade.  Can you give me some estimate of when we can expect to get him out of Credit, or call him if there are some credit issues?  His name is Steve Castleberg and his ph: is 608/877-8207.  Thanks! 
 Attached is the link that will give you view access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  View access is available to all Enron employees, so you can pass this link on to other members of your department or your dealmakers.  Link --> 
 Mark Taylor Carol St. Clair Mary Cook Brent Hendry Sara Shackleton Frank Sayre Francisco Pinto Leite Cheryl Nelson Bob Bruce Susan Bailey Samantha Boyd Stephanie Panus Tana Jones Marie Heard    Mercy Gil/ENRON@enronXgate 03/01/2001 01:22 PM 
 Thanks, I forgot!      Marianne Wilkins/ENRON@enronXgate 03/01/2001 11:51 AM 
 Well, I got your new website added as a shortcut in my mail directory, so now I can bother you at will!  Watch what you pray for, you just might get it!  We had a rather uninspiring flight back from New York, Craig watched "Inspector Gadget" on the inflight movie(he said it was really bad) and Danelia read the Bible the whole way.  The only good news is we arrive 1/2 hour early!  The weather was so warm in Houston that we had to turn the air on in the car.  It cooled off a bit today and we need sweaters.  When I got home I spent the rest of yesterday moving my plants back out of the garage where I moved them for the freeze that never arrived.  That's one thing I hate about Houston winters, you can never count on it staying cold so I have to keep moving the plants in and out.  After that, I aired out my house and vacuumed from the stinky kitty litter box.  Then I ordered in Chinese and read three days of newspapers.  Very relaxing!  Don't I have an exciting life?  Keep in touch... 
 Did either of you send this agreement to Anthony. 
 I saw this list in the computer and you're on it.  When you get back give a call and I'll come around and take a look.    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 03/01/2001 12:25 PM 
 Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 03/01/2001 01:31 PM 
 We now have a computer set up so you can view the TradeSpark website.  It is located in a cubicle across from the C-1 conference room (on the side opposite of me, at EB3858D).  Since it has taken us so long to get access into this website, it is critical that each of you review your products descriptions of the website AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.  Can you each please confirm to me that you have completed your review and if you have any issues with the product descriptions please pass them on to Sheri Thomas with EnronOnline.  If for any reason you continue to have computer problems, please call Jason, our floor computer tech, ASAP.  Thanks for your prompt attention to this! 
 Below is the link to our Financial Trading Agreements Database.  This database reflects all the master swap agreements we have executed or out in draft form.  I just updated The Chase Bank to reflect the amendment for your re-hypothecation of securities.  Stephanie Panus, the paralegal that worked on this amendment, is having a copy walked down to you.  I thought you might find this database helpful to look up the status of documents in the future.  If you think other people in your group might find this database helpful, feel free to pass on the link to them.  Link --> 
 Not me!    Carol St Clair 03/01/2001 04:41 PM 
 Did you want this cpy on the list for Legal/Credit meeting?  ERMS hasn't been expanded as an Enron company to be added to list for discussion at meeting, and we have some old ERMS era masters people are working on that aren't getting discussed, and some ERMS era masters that should be unchecked so we do not discuss them at meeting. 
 Please remember that when adding a new counterparty whose name start with the word "The", the "The" should go out the end of the name in brackets.  An example is "Times Mirror Company (The)".  This will help our searching capability.  Thanks. 
 You might want to talk to your Credit team about the Top Ten List for the Legal/Credit meeting.  I think we're only at 3 top ten. 
 I tried ridggway@concentric.net and it didn't work.  Is there some type there? 
 We just opened the above counterparty to trade UK financial crude products online.  Since the Enron counterparty for these products is ECTRIC we will need to get a master in place between ECTRIC and Counterparty.  Justin Boyd in London has graciously agreed to let us handle drafting and negotiation of the master.  Could you please provide us with credit for this master.  I don't know if we can just mirror the credit terms in the old master or not. Since the old master is a Local Currency Master, we cannot do a simple dupe and change it for UK issues.  I would suggest unless we really have problems with issues, we more or less try to sign the same paper whenever possible.  Of course, send the credit worksheet for the new master to the paralegals for the rotation. 
 Attached for transmittal to your customer is the Prebon BETA and Fee Agreement amended to reflect the changes from the LOI.  I am also attaching a blackline so you can see the changes from the first draft. 
 You should now have edit capability in the Financial Trading Agreements Database. 
 I got a clickpaper list today from Carol North.  Is she a new member of Credit? 
 Are we sure that the above counterparty is US and not Canadian? 
 Is this the final form?    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 02/23/2001 10:37 AM 
 Does Carol North work in Credit? 
 So, I should expect to get my future clickpaper approvals from her.  I just don't want to look at any lists but what Credit sends to me.    Walter Guidroz/ENRON@enronXgate 03/05/2001 10:06 AM 
 Do you have a contact at the Counterparty?  It is not where they are headquartered that necessarily matters, but where they are incorporated.    Walter Guidroz/ENRON@enronXgate 03/05/2001 10:10 AM 
 Attached is a clean and a blacklined draft of the BETA.  This draft was created using the new BETA form, and the blackline compares this draft against the form.  I have also attached a blackline from the intial draft we sent counterparty to the draft we are sending counterparty now, in case you want to show them all the changes from that draft.  That blackline is called prebon.red below. 
 We have received the executed Amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated 2/22/01.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Tana Jones will be attending. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am enclosing revised drafts of the referenced documents.  1.  Clean copy of BETA incorporating all changes    2.  Blacklined draft of BETA reflecting changes made to the FORM of BETA since we sent you the original draft on 2/9/01 Tana -    3.  Blacklined draft of BETA reflecting changes made to the BETA Form to make it deal specific for Prebon    4.  Clean copy of Fee Agreement incorporating changes since 2/9/01   5.  Blacklined draft of Fee Agreement reflecting changes made to 2/9/01 draft 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed forms of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement   If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel at (713) 345-8897 or Bob Shults at (713) 853-0397.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 John, it's good to hear from you!  A few things on your paralegal friend.  First, we don't currently have any openings, though we have tended to hire paralegals with a lot of experience. Most of the paralegals in our group have about 15-25 years experience.  Also, we recently hired someone, and I don't anticipate us hiring for awhile.  Most of Enron's litigation work is done out of Enron Corp.  They do have a big litigation group up there, and that would be the most obvious place to start.  Chuck Cheek is the head lawyer for that group.  You could forward her resume up there with a note, it might get it more personal attention.  Also, keep watching (or she can watch, it online) the job bank, they advertise paralegal jobs there from time to time with all the Enron companies.  Another group that might be interested in hiring paralegals, and might hire paralegals with less experience, is the Global Contracts Group headed up by Mary Solmonson.  They're always looking for people, and it might be a good way for your friend to get her foot in the door at ECT.  Also, if her undergraduate degree was in business, obviously, she might have some more options in other groups.  As far as running goes, I'm trying to get back into shape.  I'm just surviving 3 miles around the park, and this weekend I plan to double my mileage to 6.  It sounds like we're both not in fighting form.  But I do want to start training in July with Houston Fit for the Houston Marathon again. 
 We have received the signed faxed copy of the Letter Agreement dated 12/28/99 amending the ETA for the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Just a check, my notes in the database say we had this counterparty open for power, but when I check on profile manager, they have a read only status.  Do we want them open for power or not? 
 Sorry about that Edmund.  The forms have been moved out of the atty.fms bank into their own subdirectory called "Swap Forms" (look it up just like a person's named directory).   Let me know whether you can access that database from London.  We had London set up to review the atty.fms bank only, I don't know if you can access other subdirectories.  We have made some substantive revisions to the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex, so you might want to take a look.  If you can't do a comparewrite from London, let me know and I'll email you the blacklined forms.  We've also made changes to the forms of guarantees.  They are now located in a document called Guaranty.doc in the Swap Forms/Current Forms directory.  Also, the ISDA definitions have been changed since you've been gone, you may already know that, but just in case...I thought I'd bring it up. 
 My database is not showing that I've looked at this counterparty before, so I need to know if they are an ESP, or not? 
 We have a master swap agreement in place with Energy West Incorporated, a CANADA corporation.  Your list shows "Inc." instead of "Incorporated", and that it is a US corporation.  Is this the same counterparty? 
 Edmund Cooper just called and wanted to know what form changes we have made as a result of the new CFTC Rules.  I told him we just met on that yesterday, and as soon as we revised the form, we would send it to London.  Also, if there will be any changes in our advice to the traders resulting from this, please let him and he will disseminate the information to London Legal. 
 Do you know who in London is actually updating Legal's comments to Profile Manager?  I can't believe Justin does this everyday?! 
 I'm with you on Montana.  I checked the files in the big file room, and it is a Montana corporation.    Walter Guidroz/ENRON@enronXgate 03/06/2001 11:19 AM 
 Can you please change the name of the corporation from "Inc." to "Incorporated".  Thanks. 
 Good!  I thought I just had a checkup with Bikesport shortly before I stopped riding.  I was just a little afraid I might need grease.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 03/06/2001 02:46 PM 
 I've had no list come throught with this counterparty.  What's the scoop? Will it be on tomorrow's list? 
 Keep me posted...have fun!    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 03/06/2001 04:27 PM 
 This counterparty came thru on 2/28/01 list.  I checked my database and we had them open for power sales only on the pre-approval list.  When I checked Profile Manager, it had them open for east & west power, transact on BOTH the bid and offer.  Do you still want them to do power sales only?  Both east & west? 
 Thanks, I know I've been a pest to you today!    Shari Stack 03/06/2001 02:45 PM 
 Is there any reason why this counterparty has transact on NL power?  I cannot believe they have a power marketing license there? 
 Profile Manager also has this counterparty on transact for other European financial products.  Are we really trading those products, because I don't think we should be ...? 
 Taffy,  Can you help Angela with this.  Thanks. 
 This link should get you access to our Financial Trading, or "Master Swap Agreement" database.  This database lists all the master swap agreements we have in place or have drafted in the US, London, Singapore, Japan, South America, etc..  It is a very good resource to use when preparing confirmations.  This database is available to all Enron employees, so feel free to send this link to any London employees you think might find it helpful.  There are certain comments concerning the status of masters under negotiation that are only available to Legal and Credit employees because of legal-client confidentiality concerns.  Any member of your legal team should be able to look at those comments to determine if there is active/close negotiation on a master, or if a master is being amended, what the amendments might address (sometimes helpful when Houston isn't at work yet!). Frequently there may be more than one master in place for an Enron company, so look at each entry to determine whether the master is limited to a specific finance project or product (unusual, but sometimes).  Also, as I mentioned, not all the US based masters are ISDA Multi-Currency Masters, so look to confirm what type of master we entered into.  If they are not ISDA Multi-Currency Masters, it may not be possible to put a cross-border trade under the master without some modification to the master or confirmation.  Please note:  there is a listing for "Restrictions" which will reflect any trading limitations such as "crude oil trades only", "no trades over 2 years", contain special confirmation issues or list other types of trading limitations.  Restrictions should ALWAYS be looked at because they contain critical trading guidance.  Another note to watch out for is that many US based master may have Texas law instead of NY.  Certainly not UK law.  We hope to have that information available in the database in the future.  If for some reason you can't access this database, let me know and we'll get our respective computer people to figure out why.  As I mentioned, I am a paralegal in the Houston swap group and am happy to answer any questions about particular masters, so please do not hesitate to call me at x33399.  Link --> 
 Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 03/01/2001 03:39 PM 
 Attached is the referenced counterparty approval list.  Per earlier emails, no U.S. counterparty should be approved for european power until we hear otherwise.  Also, per my email yesterday, CMS Marketing, Services & Trading Company was already approved yesterday to do basis financial.  All other prior approvals for that counterparty should stay the same. 
 Nope, not yet.  I'm absolutely swamped...!!!  I haven't forgotten about it tho.  My short agenda is Day 1:  Go over basics of financial documentation w/confirm desk team & your assistants (maybe 2-4 hours depending on level of detail we go into) (spend rest of day approving online counterparties), Day 2:  Go over specifics of confirmations with your assistants so they can prepare the Special Legal/Credit Annex for a confirm and review how to read a credit worksheet and what the credit issues mean (spend rest of day approving online counterparties), Day 3:  Spend time with you & Peter going over what I went over with assistants & confirm people, then maybe spend time letting any of your dealmakers quiz me as they desire about swap issues (spend free time approving online counterparties).  Don't add a lot of people on, I get really nervous speaking in front of large groups...I am a shy girl, you know!  My thoughts are    Greg Johnston 03/07/2001 02:36 PM 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of EnronOnline.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Kim, this link is available to all Enron employees.  If you think anyone needs it just forward it on.    Kim S Theriot 03/07/2001 03:25 PM 
 Yes, the agreement was dated 7/12/00 and had a two year term.    Daniel Diamond 03/07/2001 05:55 PM 
 Same type of discussions as those other two we sent out for auditors?    Michael Bridges@ENRON 03/07/2001 06:11 PM 
 It sound good to me.  Shall we meet at your house or mine and at what time?    Alicia Goodrow/ENRON@enronXgate 03/06/2001 05:13 PM 
 At the request of Mike Bridges, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, or Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Zoltan,  Good joke.  Keep me on list.  If I get anthing good in I'll pass it on to you.  It was good seeing you both the other week.  Hugs & Kisses...    Zoltan Trizna <zoltan.trizna@ttmc.ttuhsc.edu> 03/04/2001 08:50 AM 
 Anita,  It has been a pleasure working with you and I hope to find you in my life later on down the road.  Best wishes being a full time mommy.  I looked at the baby pictures on the website and they were adorable! 
 Is Credit aware of this?    Mark Taylor 03/08/2001 05:10 PM 
 I spoke to the woman at Sask and she's ok on everything.    Matilda Machado 03/09/2001 08:33 AM 
 Sounds like a good plan!  I'm at 1920 Banks Street, the last street off=20 Shepherd before you hit the Swest Fwy.  So, when you leave church, go down= =20 Shepherd, then make a right on the last street before the fwy.  Go past the= =20 1st stop sign and then I'll be about the 3rd or 4th house on the left, a=20 taupe colored cottage with a pointy roof and vines growing halfway up the= =20 side of the house.  My home # is 529-1038.  See you at 12:45! 
 For you, anything!    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/09/2001 08:54 AM 
 Can you please let me know if there are any existing NDA's in place with the referenced counterparty.  Thank you! 
 Our project is a little different, so I think I am OK.  Thanks, as usual for your help!    Kay Young 03/09/2001 09:55 AM 
 At the request of John Cummings, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Clickpaper.com.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Is this showing up on today's list? 
 The referenced counterparty is on the 3/1/01 list.  You've got them shut down for power, but Credit's notes are specifically opening them for power. Should I open or shut down? 
 I feel the power!!!    Shari Stack 03/09/2001 11:21 AM 
 I just spoke to Mike Garred and John Raineri w/The New Power Company.  Per this conv. it appears that ENA has master agreements in place to trade financial and physical gas.  I directed him to Shari Stack, a lawyer in the power group, to discuss getting a master agreement in place with EPMI to trade physical power.  They are aware that Credit is working on getting them some headroom, and as soon as they counterparty comes out of Credit, we'll get them approved to trade (pending resolution of physical power approval from Shari).  If Credit could verbally let me know when they are approved I'd appreciate it, so I'll know to look for them.  I will be traveling to Calgary Tuesday, so I may be incommunicado while the plane's in flight, so that could possibly hold things up.    Mary Griff Gray 03/09/2001 01:47 PM 
 Do you have copies of the Alberta and British Columbia Acts?  I know they are less stringent than the US rules, but I don't know the exact levels. 
 Larry Joe Hunter 03/12/2001 08:31 AM 
 That signed ETA Amendment came in about a week ago, and the copy has already been sent to Lisa Lees, and the file is closed as far as I'm concerned.    Karen O'Day@ENRON 03/12/2001 09:51 AM 
 Below are forms you will need to prepare confirmations which we will discuss later this week.  I would password protect them so no one change change them by mistake. 
 Mercy,  Since there are so many new Credit people that we (Legal) do not know, it would be very helpful if you could provide me with a new list of the Credit Team and their phone numbers.  The last list we have is dated 6/5/00. Thanks! 
 Thanks for your email.  I've got everything I need now. 
 Thanks Mercy!    Mercy Gil/ENRON@enronXgate 03/12/2001 02:51 PM 
 Can you please send me only 1 list of Clickpaper counterparties per day.  It gets very confusing for me sometimes to figure out what lists I should be responding to when I get multiple lists.    Aparna Rajaram/ENRON@enronXgate 03/12/2001 04:09 PM 
 Mark Taylor has asked me to prepare an NDA for the referenced counterparty. Please let  me know if we have any existing NDA's in place.  Thanks. 
 At the request of Kay, I have started sending my requests re: Confidentiality Agreements to her via email so she can print out a record for her files. 
 Click on the following  link to add the 'Financial Trading Agreements' database to your Notes Workspace:  Link --> 
 I believe this is yours... 
 Mary,  All those traps with security were worked out 4 years ago.  London can get into the o: drive from there, the only directory they have access to in the o: drive is the atty.fms bank.  If we put the swap forms back there, they can get at them.  I know, because I've pulled them up myself from London.    Mary Cook 03/13/01 09:39 AM 
 Hey Mark, I think these are yours! 
 Attached is referenced list.  Again, no European power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 The above counterparty has been created in the Financial Trading Agreements Database and is listed as a master swap agreement, and it's not.  It is an Electronic Trading Agreement and needs to be moved down to "Other Agreements".  Please let me know when that is done and I will delete the entry in  the master swap agreement database.  Thanks! 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  On the list of 3/12/01a, I have not yet seen the list from Gobal Contracts with the corrected names, but I cannot believe Lyke Corporation (also called Ripon Community Printers) is a valid legal name.  We might want to get that sorted out before we start trading with them. 
 Attached is the proposed form of LOI.  Please let me know if it meets with your approval, and I will email it to the customer.  I kept the language in the term sheet in the back pretty broad as it references "energy commodities".  Your language re "US crude and products" wasn't clear to me. Perhaps you meant US crude and crude derivative/refined products?  Will energy commodities work, or do want to limit it to crude products and charge more for other products?      Bob Shults 03/14/01 04:55 PM 
 It has been my understanding that the first section is supposed to be for master swap agreements only.  Having other documents listed in that section may be misleading to some parties who may misconstrue their use for general trading purposes, such as Global Contracts.  That is why we created the "Other Agreements" section, to house these other agreements.  My understanding isthat the only reason other agreements has been listed in the Master Swap Agreements Section is that they have been done so erroneously. The drop down were not created too artfully created, allowing wrong agreements to be put in Master Swap Agreements, which has been proliferating.  If my understanding is not correct, than when did the intentional use of that first section change?  I think putting all agreement is a very bad idea.    Sara Shackleton 03/14/01 05:35 PM 
 I revised the language in the "Description of Transaction" section and where the fee is and just wanted to make sure you were Ok before I sent it to your customer.  I've already drafted my email, I just need your OK.      Daniel Diamond 03/14/01 05:23 PM 
 You need to talk to Stephanie Sever at x33465.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/14/01 05:58 PM 
 Attached is my proposed form of NDA.  I set up the choice in products similar to they way we did it in Prebon.  Take a look and let me know if it meets with your approval. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron Net Works.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or Bob at (713) 853-0397.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I will attend.  Let  me know what I need to bring.  Thanks for your messages... 
 Mike,  I know I'm not supposed to continue imposing on you, but if these entries are showing up in both places this is going to creating large problems for us, as well as giving persons who should not have access to brokerage/other agreements access to that information.  Our brokers are quite confidential. The only information we want to make available to all Enron employees is the master swap agreements.  Can you PLEASE, PLEASE take a look at this for me. It is very critical that this drop down works correctly.    Sara Shackleton 03/14/01 06:32 PM 
 Greg and I tried to call you but you weren't there.  We'll call you tomorrow. 
 Sorry about not getting back to you sooner.  I am in Calgary this week. Stephanie and I met with Mark Taylor about this on Monday, and he said to go ahead and confirm this under the Houston master with Hess Energy Trading Company LLC.    Julie Brewer@ENRON 03/14/01 01:52 PM 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   This LOI has been revised to cover US crude, refined products and coal and emissions.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron Net Works.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or Bob at (713) 853-0397. 
 That was pretty good!    Keegan Farrell@ENRON 03/15/01 04:44 PM 
 He can call any one of the attorneys in the Swap Group, Mary Cook does Canada, but she'll be out next week so it would have to be quick, or Sara Shackleton or Brent Hendry.    Veronica Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 03/15/01 04:37 PM 
 Jennifer,  If you're still there give me a call in calgary about this, I'm at 403/974-6745.    Jennifer deBoisblanc Denny 03/15/01 03:01 PM 
 At the request of Liz Sager, I am attaching our language with respect our transfer: 
 Do you want a bilateral or one-way, and what is the nature of your discussions?    Daniel Diamond 03/15/01 03:24 PM 
 The above counterparty on the 3/7/01 list is ID#93394.  We had a counterparty on the pre-approval list that was called International Paper Company and was ID#1836.  Was that one in error?  Are they the same, different?  What's the scoop?  Thanks for your help! 
 I have received the following originally executed documents from the referenced counterparty:  1.  EOL Customer Registration Form 2.  Password Application 3.  Amendment to ETA  These copies will be walked down to you. 
 Sam,  I think counterparty ID# 754 is Bonneville Power Administration, not Bonneville Power Association.    Samuel Schott 03/08/01 05:32 PM 
 Taking a look at BPA from the 3/8/01 list, I noticed that we've got them opened up for west coast power only on the offer and not the bid.  I have no notes that they are restricted in that manner.  What's the scoop?  Marcus, do you see any reason they should be restricted to the offer side? 
 Oops, I forgot to add your name, even tho I meant to... 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Can you look around for the fax of this NDA signed by the Counterparty.  Mark Greenberg will need to initial it and then send it down to Daniel Diamond and he will get an EnronOnline and Enron Net Works officer to sign it.  Once it is signed we will need to fax it to the counterparty.  I will forward Dan's email with the fax and phone number of the counterparty to you.  Thanks! 
 Yeah, see if Mark T. will initial it.  Tell him it's for a broker relationship and there we no changes to the form. 
 Will you be at the same dinner?  How goes the house? 
 Thanks for the info, I appreciate it! 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Justin,  What's your deadline for getting these approved?  Mark Taylor is out all weekend, and if it can't wait I'll get another lawyer to look at it. 
 Just a note in case some of the product abbreviations on the NYMEX calendar don't make sense, they have what the abbreviations mean at the back of the calendar. 
 We have received the above executed ISDA Master Agreements (Multicurrency-Cross Border) with the two referenced counterparties executed 05/25/99, effective as of 11/16/98.  Copies will be distributed.  I have also received in the originally signed confirmations and will be sending them down to Laurel Adams. 
 I have received the originally executed Amendments dated 12/20/99 to the Electronic Trading Agreements for each of American Electric Power Service Corporation and AEP Energy Services, Inc.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I just did a request to get Angela Davis in the Houston Office and Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford in the Calgary offices edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  I also requested that Marcus Nettelton get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database.  I'm not sure if I did the "erequest" all ok.  Can you check to make sure your got all four? Thanks!    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 02/27/2001 01:12 PM 
 If you have time to attend, please join us... 
 Mike,  I attempted to give Edmund Manager access by doing one of those security requests today.  I don't know if you need to do anything or not here.... 
 I'll come pick you up.    Mark Powell 03/20/2001 12:55 PM 
 Is there an Icon I can send to Marcus to get into the ENA Legal Online Database. 
 Can someone call me at x33399.  I'm in the middle of doing these again and it won't let me submit the form.    Enron Messaging Security@ENRON 03/20/2001 01:08 PM 
 Good memo Peter.  Is it OK if I forward this to the Credit Team so they also know how this process will work?    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 03/20/2001 03:44 PM 
 In order to complete your access request, I need your company number and your 6 digit sap cost center code. 
 Are these physical transactions?    Kimberly Hundl@ENRON 03/20/2001 04:12 PM 
 It would be nice if you could be at my dinner, since I probably won't know anyone else.  Anytime you want to go to lunch to check on the house status, I'd be glad to go... 
 OK by me!    Lisa Lees 03/20/2001 04:15 PM 
 The swap forms have been moved back into the atty.fms bank, so you should be able to access them again. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching the revised BETA and Fee Agreement for your review.  Bob will call you tomorrow to discuss them. 
 Your access to the Financial Trading Agreement has been completed.  Why don't you take a look and make sure you now have edit capability. 
 You now should have access to the datasbase, give it a try and see if it works! 
 Link -->    Sharon Crawford 03/21/2001 10:08 AM 
 I don't know what this is about.  Is this for the home computers we are supposed to get?  If it is I actually haven't done anything about it (that I am aware of).  If it is for the home computer thing, I probably will want to upgrade.  Let me know...    Gary Kane 03/21/2001 11:16 AM 
 Do we have an outside counsel memorandum, or will we have an internal one soon, that we can send to Martin (as well as the other non-US swap lawyers)? 
 Your access to the financial trading agreement database is approved.  The icon is attached below.  Why don't you take a look and see if you've got edit capability to the database.  Link --> 
 We have received executed copies of the Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement dated 3/19/01 and the Fee Agreement dated 3/19/01 with respect to the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be sent to Lisa Lees. 
 I just received a phone call from Paul Varana, outside counsel to the referenced counterparty.  His phone number is 713/752-4514.  He said that VEPCO wasn't happy with the form of GTC attached to the physical online power confirms and was going to be sending me a letter requesting certain revisions.  He said the letter would come from Francine Matthews at VEPCO.  I looked this counterparty up in my database, and it appears that we approved them to trade physical power with an override letter.  Usually, we don't allow any changes to the online GTC, but with physical power & the override letters, I know there is some wiggle room.  I don't know how you want to handle this, if you want to wait for the letter from VEPCO to come in and then deal with the issues, or head him off at the pass.  Just let me know. 
 I am going to run w/holly at 7:00 on saturday and then meet her for breakfast at 8 at the IHOP.  Lucinda is going to join us for breakfast.  I thought maybe if it met w/your running schedule you might want to join us... 
 Holly & I are going running Saturday at 7, then meeting Lucinda for breakfast at the IHOP at 8.  Do you want to join us? 
 Done.    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 03/21/2001 01:30 PM 
 Julie Gomez, that's who it was! 
 I got your company number on my own, so now we just have to wait to have the erequest approved.  I hope it will be today.    Edmund Cooper 03/21/2001 10:42 AM 
 Mark Taylor, the lawyer who would review all new product descriptions for financial products is on vacation and will not be back until Tuesday.  I hope this can wait until then...    Kevin Meredith@ENRON 03/22/2001 10:46 AM 
 I live to Swap!    Edmund Cooper 03/22/2001 10:52 AM 
 I hope Carol will come!  Holly was going to call her.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 03/22/2001 01:35 PM 
 I wanted to let you know that the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty has been agreed to with BNP Paribas and has been sent up to Enron Corp. for signature today.  I will send you a copy of the Guaranty once it is fully executed. 
 I hope we can do more than meet, if possible, let me buy you dinner!    Matthew Dawson 03/22/2001 01:24 PM 
 At the request of Kay Young, I am faxing you the four confirmations for the referenced deal.  Please look for them. 
 I've gotten some calls from the business people who want to trade with two counterparties right away.  One is Michigan Consolidated Gas Company, which is on the list for the 19th, and the other is Mobil Oil Corporation Supply & Distribution which is on the list of the 20th.  Can you please make sure the individuals in Global Contracts responsible for these counterparties update them today.  Our business people would be most appreciative! 
 Thanks for the assist!    Kelly Lombardi@ENRON 03/22/2001 03:28 PM 
 Lunch sounds good! 
 As an introduction:  The referenced counterparty is trying to straighten out the online products it wants to trade with us (it's open for some, but not all of the products it wants to trade).  When I looked at Profile Manager to see what they had already been approved to trade, I noticed that this counterparty was opened to trade many of the European products, including specifically European physical power products (which is unusual for a US based counterparty to trade).  Before I go in and change the profile for this counterparty, I wanted to check with you and see if London had specifically opened them to trade the products they were opened to trade (especially physical power).  What I usually do when I am approving US based counterparties, is that with respect to Non Us & Canadian products, as long as they are an Eligible Swap Participant I open them up for all products except European physical power, which I never open them for.  Also, Credit Derivatives, I never open anyone up for unless we really mean it.  So, my question to you is did London actively approve the non US & Canadian based products (especially physical power).  If you didn't, then I am going to take this as an oversight of the pre-approval process and shut them down for European physical power. 
 At the request of Tom Gros, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 It's only a reflection of our high regard for you that we pass on this matter for your adept handling.    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 03/22/2001 05:22 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 You're a machine!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 03/22/2001 05:38 PM 
 We have received the executed Amendment to the ETA for the referenced counterparty dated 01/05/00.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Sam & Stephanie,  Re:  Cargill Ferrous International  It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".    Samuel Schott 03/21/2001 01:58 PM 
 Re: Glencore Commodities Limited (cpy 92858)  The counterparty is my work queue is Glencore Ltd., (cpy26313) not the above.  Is this a mistake? 
 Do you know the progress of getting a physical power master in place with this counterparty?  Can you keep me apprised.  They are obviously a quasi-affiliate and we have internal people contacting me checking on their progress.  Thanks! 
 Why do you say OK for weather?  What restrictions do you have for counterparties trading weather?    Justin Boyd 03/23/2001 02:20 AM 
 Attached is my list that I use as a reference.  Please let me know if you disagree with any of the European advice. 
 You, as counsel, can agree to any form of NDA you think is acceptable.  I will print it out and bring it around for signature    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/23/2001 12:38 PM 
 Your Manager access appears to be completed. 
 Sharon,  Per the email below, I looked in the financial trading agreement database and saw that Stephanie Panus, a paralegal in our group prepared an Annex B for this counterparty in January of this year.  I would just confirm that the credit is the same and then use the same Annex B as before.  I am going to fax the credit worksheet that Credit send Stephanie in January so you can check the credit.  Below is the Annex B Stephanie prepared. 
 Sharon,  There are some hanky things going on in these confirms I don't like.  I've just spoken to Russell and I'm going to talk to a swap attorney and then get back to you.    Sharon Crawford 03/23/2001 03:48 PM 
 I spoke to Stephanie and anytime between 9-11 am or after 3:30 pm would be fine for us.  Just let us know.    Esmeralda Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 03/23/2001 04:36 PM 
 I don't know if Mark Greenberg ran this one by you or not, we are already preparing it for signature, but can you check on this counterparty for NDAs. Much thanks! 
 I don't know what you're talking about, so I must not be the right person.    Noveena Mathew-Joy/ENRON@enronXgate 03/26/2001 07:17 AM 
 We are trying to track down the signed documents for this counterparty.  Our notes reflect that Samantha Boyd sent them up to Peter for execution on 3/9/01 with instructions to send them back to Samantha Boyd when executed. My understanding is that they were signed in Canada and returned to Samantha, but they have not yet shown up here.  If you sent them fedex and can track them via a tracking number can you see if you can find them.  They appear to have done some unauthorized trades w/o having the master signed and this has now become a really high priority.  Thanks! 
 OK with me! 
 Things are looking better.  We tracked down the documents and it appears that Samantha sent them to counterparty's outside counsel on 3/15/01.  I just spoke to Maureen Donley-Hoopes at outside counsel and asked her to fax me the signature pages of the ISDA and counterparty's guaranty to me ASAP.  Once we get those Russell will be a happy man and we can send a confirm out under the ISDA.  I'll let you know as soon as we get the fax in. 
 Brant, please do not put me on emails for day to day business, drafts of masters and confirms.  Thanks.    Brant Reves/ENRON@enronXgate 03/27/2001 08:26 AM 
 At the request of Julie Ferrara, I am attaching our proposed Second Amendment to License Agreement which extends the term of the License Agreement from March 31, 2001 to June 30, 2001 .  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 TFS was sent out but has not came back in signed.  I was out yesterday, so Spectron has not gone out.  I have that on my list to do today.    Daniel Diamond 03/27/2001 10:48 AM 
 What do you think about Russell's request for a confirm here?  I think this is really confusing for our Canadian team.  There must be requirements for the LC if it's an upfront LC, we would need a zero threshold.  I just don't think this is very straight forward for these poor Candadian girls to figure out.  What do you think? 
 Linda & Sharon,  My primary job responsibility is to online trading, and right now EnronOnline is quite a beast of a customer.  Because of that I please ask that you direct any future questions you may have with respect to confirmations to our two paralegals who handle the day to day trading, Susan Bailey at x34737 and Stephanie Panus at x53249.  With respect to the two current Canadian confirmations, Sara Shackleton, an attorney in our Group, is working with Credit to resolve the questions on the Slater Steel and Casco credit worksheets. 
 We have received the originally signed copy (via fax) of the Termination Agreement dated 3/15/01 with respect to EnronOnlineTransactions Nos. 10000172 and 1000173.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We are closing to finalizing a Lotus Notes Database for us to keep track of approvals for online trading counterparties and any amendments to online trading documents.  Once the database is done, I (and you, I guess) will have to input the data for the Houston and London based Credit counterparties.  I am forward to you this early draft of the database for you to see what it looks like.  You will have to go into "create new counterparty" to see the format once you opened the database up.  We're still revising it to add a drop down for amendments to online trading documents, and then we're going to have a sort similar to the Pending Swap Update sort on Lotus Notes, that will show the Counterparty Name, Approved for Online Trading:  Yes or No, and then follow with any amendments to the online agreements.  This will, obviously, help us keep track of if and why we've approved a counterparty, and also help us generate reports to the online trading team.  Access will currently be granted to the same people who have access to the Master Swap Agreement Database.  If you have any additional Credit Online People to add let me know.  We hope to have it ready within the week so we can start populating it with the information. 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I am OK with what Credit say, which is if the counterparties are already approved for trading those pulp & lumber products theyan trade the new products, except for the following counterparties which we need to be careful about becuase they could only tansact newsprint:  The Bakersfield Californian:  can transact only newsprint E.W. Scripps Company (The) can only transact 48.8 gram newsprint swaps    Stephanie Sever 03/27/2001 03:08 PM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever 03/27/2001 03:40 PM 
 I can't tell by Lotus Notes, is anyone aware of a "credit sleeve" with TMG? 
 I take it all the other counterparties on this list cannot transact power since they are restricted by Credit...    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 03/27/2001 02:39 PM 
 We haven't heard anything on this NDA, have you? 
 Are these additional counterparties?  I only look at lists I receive from Credit. 
 Let me know if I am missing any lists... 
 I'm not showing I looked at this list at all.  Isn't that right?    Nicole Hunter@ENRON 03/28/2001 08:55 AM 
 can you add the regularly scheduled Legal/Credit Meetings, and the Swap Group Meeting for my calendar for the year.  Thanks! 
 Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name? 
 Reggie just brought around a whole stack of confirms of pulp & paper deals that came into the fax area.  Is anyone looking for this stack of confirms? If not, I'll have Reggie walk them down to Joe Hunter. 
 I tracked down the culprit who worked on this master and it was Mark Taylor. I know he called Jon McKay and had a conversation with him about it and is looking at the master for particular issues in response to his conversation with Jon.    Linda Sietzema 03/26/2001 11:11 AM 
 Another Division  Mark,  Global Counterparty wants me to approve this EOL counterparty which is a division.  My deal with the EOL team was that they would kick these counterparties back and try to get the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Global Counterparty is satisfied opening counterparties up as divisions and I am getting frustrated constantly fighting this battle.  Do you wish to intercede, or shall I give up and let counterparties be opened as divisions?  Do you want to call a meeting with Sam's boss to discuss divisions?  What to do? 
 Per conv. a minute ago with Marcus, Christi Nicolay in the Regulatory Group just checked and Ontario Power Generation does not have a FERC marketing license.  That leaves them to buying US power only (both east & west OK). Please make this change immediately.  Thanks! 
 I want a parking space in the new garage.  Please let me know what I need to do to get it!    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 03/28/2001 04:07 PM 
 Well, I guess we could.  since we needed to do it immediately, only Stepanie can only do it immediately.  Do you want me to change it, or, Stephanie, since you've already changed it will it be already changed tomorrow so we don't need to do anything.  I'm so confused?!!!    Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate 03/28/2001 03:29 PM 
 I'm working on Samantha's IMC Canada.  It was signed by faxed signatures yesterday and I am expecting the originally signed documents to come in by Federal Express today.    Esmeralda Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 03/29/2001 07:48 AM 
 Have you had a chance to look at that confirm language yet.  The trade was done a few days ago, and the clock is ticking on how long we can get a confirm out before we get in trouble. 
 Per our conversation...thanks for your help! 
 How goes figuring out why our positions were so far off? 
 Will,  I usually send these directly to the customer unless you prefer otherwise, so I will also need an email address or telephone and fax number.  I also need to know whether you want a bilateral form of non-disclosure agreement or a one way form that protects Enron only.  In circumstances where we are certain Enron will be the only party providing confidential information we prefer to use that form.  Also, I need to know the nature of the confidential information you are discussing so we can protect the information being discussed.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 03/28/2001 07:26 PM 
 No.    Carol St Clair 03/29/2001 12:00 PM 
 I was out Monday with a migraine.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/29/2001 01:33 PM 
 Can you please let me know if there are any existing NDA's in place with Morningstar Systems Inc. and Insource Techology Corporation.  Thank you! 
 I've got the awards dinner wrong.  That should be yes.    RSVP - Law Conference Autoreply <joseph.lippeatt@enron.com> 03/29/2001 02:26 PM Please respond to Sara.Davidson 
 Thanks!    Sara Davidson/ENRON@enronXgate 03/29/2001 03:04 PM 
 At the request of Will Zamer, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for each of Morningstar Systems Inc. and Insource Technology Corporation.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute each of the agreements and return them to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 With respect to your email below,  I am already working with Bob Bowen on assigning the various Aquila trades.  On Amoco, I will need to get a list similar to the one Bob prepared for me for Aquila, showing the exact trades being assigned, deal no., whether they are physical or financial, trade date, start date , end date, etc.  If you get with Bob he can show you what he prepared for me for Aquila.  Once I get that I can prepare the assignment.  I will also need the name and phone number for the Amoco person I should be sending this assignment to.  I don't know who will have that, the Confirm Desk, Settlements, or EOL?  Once I get all this I can prepare that assignment. 
 OK for me. 
 I think this one is your to approve (or someone in power). 
 I think it may be possible that we have existing NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty.  The nature of our discussions that I am currently preparing an NDA for is the possible access to and use of a web-based transactions-support system for online and offline commodity trade (including derivative products). 
 You're wearing me down, you're relentless!!!    Daniel Diamond 03/30/2001 03:04 PM 
 How about this one? 
 Thanks.  I seem to be keeping you busy today!    Kay Young 03/30/2001 03:27 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I don't know what you mean about the positions being "defunct"? 
 It makes me feel so wanted...not!    Kay Young 03/30/2001 03:31 PM 
 I have complete faith in you!  By the way, the guy from Star already called with corrections to their company name, it's Starsupply Petroleum Inc.  He said he passed the agreement on to his legal and he would be getting us comments back on Monday.    Daniel Diamond 03/30/2001 04:22 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399. We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Be careful using IMC Canada to prepare your draft from.  Even though we have chosen NY law, we had two Canadian companies entering into the IMC Canada agreement so there is language in the agreement that is Canadian specific, and it might be missing some required US language.  I have also attached a redlined draft reflecting the negotiated changes to the form since the form we first sent the form to the counterparty.   I have attached our current form of ISDA Schedule as a reference.  The Canadian changes will be color coded, so you can see them easily.  Also, please note:  there have been recent amendments to the CFTC Rules that have required certain changes to the swap reps, in particular there are no longer "eligible swap participants",  the current terminology is "eligible contract participant".  Please see Part 5(b) of the Schedule in particular. 
 I'm not showing I got your response for this day... 
 Those are negotiated changes.  The only was to tell what is a "Canadian" thing is by looking at the form.  It is color coded with different colors for different countries or other special legal issues.  I believe Canada is a purplely pink color in the form, the footnotes should tell you.    Christina Finelli@EES 04/02/2001 03:48 PM 
 My notes show that this is a governmental.  It is the utility for the Town of Colorado Springs, Colorado.    Samuel Schott 03/29/2001 10:13 AM 
 I do not have an EZ tag.    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 04/02/2001 04:54 PM 
 We have no idea!  We rely on you to tell us what the positions are! 
 I never heard back from you.  You were going to look at my list of approved jurisdictions and see if you disagreed with any of my information.  I'll be out the rest of the week, but maybe when I get back we can chat again on the phone, and maybe pull Edmund in, because before Edmund got sick, we were pretty much in agreement on how he was supposed to respond about Americas countries and how I should respond about European countries. 
 Strictly informational.  I need to know everytime we have a governmental entity, so since there was no note in the side that this was connected a governmental I had to research that.  I was sharing the information I gathered with you so as to save you some time in case you didn't already know this.  Obviously, you did.    Samuel Schott 04/02/2001 06:01 PM 
 Re:  Usinor SA:  that appears to be a London counterparty.  It should not be on our list.  London Legal should approve their counterparties for ALL products, not only European based.    Walter Guidroz/ENRON@enronXgate 03/29/2001 02:10 PM 
 I do not have an EZ tag.    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 04/03/2001 09:31 AM 
 While I am out this week can you please send the online lists to Stephanie Panus, a paralegal in our Group.  She will forward them to the distribution so we don't lose any time. 
 I will be out from this afternoon through the rest of this week.  In my absence Stephanie Panus will be sending you the EOL Lists.  Please direct any responses you have to the lists to ME, not to Stephanie.  Thank you. 
 We have received an executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   October 25, 2000  Executed Date:   March 28, 2001  Enron Entity:   Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:   IMC Canada Ltd.  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products, except fx  Confirming Entity:  Enron Canada Corp.  Governing Law:   New York 
 With respect to that rush Guaranty for the referenced counterparty you so kindly got me on Monday, per our conversation, we will need an incumbency certificate for that guaranty as well.  As usual, I appreciate your help! 
 Just a reminder to check on whether we have an NDA in place or not... 
 Without calling each of the respective traders, we do not know any of the positions. 
 At the request of Stephen Abbanat, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   We would appreciate it if you could please verify whether "CMS Energy-Panhandle Pipe Line Companies" is the correct legal name of your company.  If you have any comments or questions, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897as I will be on vacation the rest of this week. 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees 04/03/2001 04:37 PM 
 1.  If we have a US counterparty we insert the appropriate choice. =20  2.  Revisions to the CFTC Rules have done away with the  "Eligible Swap=20 Participant"  rules for energy commodities (they would still apply to=20 agricultural products).  The rules are still pretty similar however, and th= e=20 current lingo is now "Eligible Contract Participants".  See our revised for= m,=20 attached. 
 Thanks for your help this week, I appreciate it!!!    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 04/06/2001 05:01 PM 
 Anytime! 
 Attached are the online contracts.        Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 04/09/2001 10:46 AM 
 No!    Daniel Diamond 04/09/2001 02:34 PM 
 Per notice below, please note that E.D.F Man International Inc.has changed= =20 its name to Man Financial Inc. (you may already know this, but I didn't!) 
 Attached are referenced lists.  Again, no approvals for European physical power products until further notice. 
 Yes.    "Louis Fernandez Company" <lofeco@ev1.net> 04/10/2001 08:53 AM 
 It looks like Mark has been working on this from out of the office.  Maybe you don't have to do anything! 
 The ISDA Agreement is not in electronic form.  I will send you over a clean version.    Karen A Cordova@EES 04/10/2001 10:12 AM 
 That's a deal!    Karen A Cordova@EES 04/10/2001 01:22 PM 
 I got a call from National Bank of Canada and they said that we purchased the referenced company and what did we intend to do with the trade between NBC and Daishowa?  Anyone know anything about this? 
 To confirm our conversation yesterday,  the referenced counterparty can only purchase power in the east. 
 Ken Curry is following up with the woman from NBC on this.    Bob Crane/ENRON@enronXgate 04/10/2001 04:32 PM 
 You are the Best!    Dianne Seib 04/11/2001 09:37 AM 
 How does one decide what recipe to cook? 
 Mark,  We emailed an Enron One Way NDA to Global Crossing, Ltd. 11/22/00 at the request of Peter Feltman.  Was there something the matter with that form or is this for something totally different?    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 04/11/2001 04:41 PM 
 I was on Vacation as follows:  Tuesday April 2, after 2:00 pm Wed, April 3 Thurs, April 4 Friday, April 5    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 04/12/2001 09:48 AM 
 Do we had any NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty.  In particular, they seem to be interested in the liquids trading/group.  Thanks! 
 Per my conversations with Bob Shults, Bob Bowen, Mark Taylor and Brant Reves, we are going to open Aquila Risk Management Corporation to trade weather under the EOL GTC's. 
 See my initial email to Sam Schott and Stephanie, about 3rd email from the bottom, there's two samples of how we could set divisions (the same could be said for dba's). 
 To summarize and in response to our meeting last week:  1.   I am attaching the list of Non-Disclosure Agreements I maintain for the Enron Net Works Team and my proposed form for the EnronOffline Team.  Please let me know if this form meets with your approval or if there are any changes you would like.  This list will be circulated to the Project Offline Team Wednesday afternoon.  Mark, could you please provide me a list of the people you would like the list circulated to.  2.  All future requests for NDAs for the EnronOffline Team should be directed to me instead of Kay Young.  The request for the NDA should be sent to me by email and include the legal name of the company, the contact at the company and the company's address.  In addition, each request for an NDA for EnronOffline should be clearly indicated as a Project Offline NDA (since I prepare many other NDAs for Enron Net Works).  At the request of the dealmaker, I usually send the NDAs directly to the counterparty by email, so an email address should be included.  If you would like the NDA sent some other way, please let me know (hard copy sent by mail or fedex, fax, etc.).  3.  I will work with Travis (or other ENA lawyers, as necessary ) to circulate and revise any comments from counterparties.  I will then circulate the NDAs for signature.  When fully executed, the originals will be filed with Kay Young.  Please note that copies of ALL Network agreements should also be filed with Lisa Lees (the original should always be filed with her, except Confidentiality Agreements, which get filed with Kay Young).  4.  Kay Young will review my list to determine if there are any NDAs that she has prepared that should be added to the list.  If I have missed anything or if you have any comments or questions please call me at x33399. 
 I wanted to thank you and your team for getting this done so quickly.  I really appreciate it! 
 Swap away!    Chris Gaffney 04/17/2001 09:18 AM 
 As a further to my previous email, the EOL Group will code the weather transactions to fall under the financial master, and the Confirmation Desk should confirm the weather trades under the current form of confirmation. 
 I'm sorry about not turning this around sooner.  I thought I might be getting other comments from you.  If it meets with your approval, please sign it and return it via fax no. (713) 646-3490 and I will have it signed by Enron and return a copy to you by fax.      robr@starsupply.com 04/16/2001 06:27 PM 
 We need to act on Marcus's email immediately.  Ed, if you disagree, you need to talk to Marcus. 
 The referenced counterparty is on the list below for online approval to trade us gas financial products.  This counterparty came through before on the 1/20/00 list and we did not approve them for financial trading because of a "payment dispute".  Is anyone out there aware of the payment dispute with this counterparty, and has it been resolved?  Can we open this counterparty up to trade financial?  They are an ESP... 
 As as follow-up to my earlier email, it is now OK to immediately open the referenced counterparty back up to transact both sides of USphysical  power as we have received the necessary documentation evidencing their authority to trade power. 
 Bill,  I think you are about to become my new best friend!  We have another long standing counterparty we cannot get approved on EnronOnline because we cannot get the counterparty set up in GCP.  The Counterparty sent in a Password Application styled:  Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  (Which also happens to be the same styling on the Master Swap Agreement we have in place with this Counterparty.)  They way I understand it, GCP has the two following Counterparties already set up:  (1) Koch Industries, Inc., and (2) Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  The EnronOnline Team has been trained to never set up a company as a division, to always send the Password Application back to the Counterparty and try to get the Counerparty to resubmit the application with the legal incorporated name as part of the counterparty name, which they sucessfully did in this instance, but now we cannot get the counterparty set up in GCP.  Can you help us?!!! 
 Can you help me with this? 
 Any conflicts 
 What is the nature of your discussions?    Bob Shults/ENRON@enronXgate 04/17/2001 03:27 PM 
 Do you have an address for them?    Daniel Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 04/17/2001 11:35 AM 
 I'm trying to track down that presentation for you, I need the directory information.  As soon as I get it I'll have it emailed to you.  Hope you're staying out of trouble... 
 That Tom is a smart man, I'm just going to have to mirror him!    Lisa Lees 04/17/2001 10:30 PM 
 Should this basket of weather swaps be treated special in any way? 
 Clem,  Attached is the resume of my dear friend, Carolyn Varela.  Carolyn started working at Liddell, Sapp, Zivley, Hill & LaBoon a few months before I did in 1984 (while I left after 10 years for the greener pastures of Enron!). Before coming to Liddell, Sapp, Carolyn was a Corporate Paralegal at Texas Commerce Bank, one of the principal clients of Liddell, Sapp, and was a key contact for handling the TCB relationship over the years along with the primary lawyer she worked for, Mr. LaBoon, who maintained the TCB relationship for the law firm.  Carolyn is a kind, cheerful person, a hard worker and a pleasure to be around.  I was in the Municipal Bond Group and she was in the Corporate Group, but we frequently backed each other up (as well as the Real Estate and Lending teams) on closings, proofreading documents, large filings, etc.  I think she would be a great asset to your team and Enron.   - cpv.doc 
 fyi 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   I am not sure if we have the correct legal name of your company, so can you please verify that for me.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Mark Greenberg, I am forwarding to you the proposed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Pricewaterhouse (for CreditDimensions) and Enron Credit Limited.  Mark Greenberg has spoken to the counterparty and made a few changes to Pricewaterhouse's form.  If you have any questions about the transaction, the business person on the deal is Kim Detiveaux here in Houston.  Otherwise, we would appreciate your assistance in getting Richard Sage in London to execute this agreement. 
 Aparna,  For Compaq, you say approved for financial trading, but then you've got an "X" in the box.  I think you need to open them up...    Aparna Rajaram/ENRON@enronXgate 04/18/2001 01:07 PM 
 Ditto Credit.    Lisa Lees 04/18/2001 08:38 AM 
 Attached is referenced list.  Continuing being boring, no european power until further notice... 
 Please talk to Mark Greenberg, an attorney in our group, at (713) 345-8897. I am a paralegal.    robr@starsupply.com 04/18/2001 03:19 PM 
 Sorry about that!    With respect to the amendment to the list for 4/18/01, the approval I sent down earlier should still be good since I'm the one that figure out she said approve for financial and then had them shut down for financial. 
 We've got an Australian counterparty on the list for the 18th. 
 Legal is OK to open the above counterparty immediately for US east physical and financial power products. 
 Please let me know if you have any comments to the attached list. 
 marcus,  you've got to get this straight with Global Counterparty or you're going to have a bust on your trades. 
 Our only concerns are that we have the appropriate tax forms signed and in-house before they start trading.   If they trade U.S. products from the UK we will have to get the appropriate U.S. tax forms in, and Edmund can address any UK tax forms they might need on UK products traded from the UK. 
 I have revised the list to add a few more NDAs that have come to my attention, and then am also sending the regular Net Works NDA List as well. I hope these are helpful. 
 You are the best!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 04/19/2001 03:25 PM 
 We're on!  7:00 pm.    Nina Edmonds 04/20/2001 04:54 AM 
 Would you like to set up this meeting or would you like me to?  I would like to get this Koch thing resolved ASAP, so I think the sooner, the better. From Legal's side, both Mary Cook and I need to be included, I spoke to Credit and both Walter Guidroz and Tom Moran would like to be included, probably Joe Hunter from the Confirm Desk as well, and anyone else you're aware of.  Let me know how you think we should proceed. 
 With respect to this new counterparty for EnronOnline (correct name to follow):  Sam Schott advises us that we are limited to 90 characters for a counterparty name in GCP.  The correct legal name for this counterparty is longer than 90 characters.  I discussed this with Marcus Nettelton, our power lawyer, and if the following scenario meets with the approval of the financial and physical power Confirmation Desks we think the best way to treat this matter is to set the counterparty up in GCP as follows and then add this counterparty to the special handling list so all confirmations, physical and financial, offline and online, go out with the LEGAL NAME, not with the GCP NAME.  LEGAL NAME OF COUNTERPARTY:  Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc., as authorized agent for and on behalf of IES Utilities Inc., Interstate Power Company, and Wisconsin Power and Light Company  SUGGESTED NAME FOR GCP:   Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc., as Agent for three listed utilities  Joe and Kim, is this workable for the Confirm Desks?  If you can let me and Sam know then Sam can get them set us.  Thanks for your help! 
 I'm just going to have to call you Quick Draw McGraw!  I Can't print the lists out before I get a response from you!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 04/20/2001 04:08 PM 
 Please change your records to relect that Legal has agreed to open the referenced counterparty to trade any financial products. 
 At Wendi's request, I have submitted a request to get you both edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  In the meantime, below is the icon that will allow you to have view access to everything but the comments.  I will let you know when your edit access is approved (at which time you will be able to input changes/comments, as well as be able to see comments).  link --> 
 Things have come up w/Mark & Sara and there is a clear indication from their front that we need to retain the green files.  Maybe we need to discuss this with the whole group...?    Mary Cook 04/23/2001 09:50 AM 
 You should have edit access now.  Why don't you go and take a look. 
 You should have edit access now.  Why don't you go in and take a look. 
 Just a note so we are all on the same page... I just had a superseded and replaced Enron Corp. guaranty that the counterparty returned to me, and I asked Clem to verify what he wanted me to do with the old original guaranty, and he said to send it back to him and he would have Cindy mark it "canceled". 
 I havent heard anything back from them, Mark, have you?    Daniel Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 04/23/2001 02:46 PM 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Upon consultation with various members of the Swap Group, I am having Taffy make dinner reservations for 7:00 pm at La Fogata in San Antonio for 14 people on Wednesday night.  This is not obligatory, so if you have other dinner plans, please do not feel under any pressure to join us, just let me know.  Of course, if any one comes up with a better place, I'm open to suggestions..., but at least we'll have something! 
 Per Sara Shackleton, an attorney in the Swap Group, Doug Friedman was involved in the payment dispute that was the reason I didn't open them up for financial trading the first time they came around in January 2000.  Based on the email below, I will be opening them up on EOL to trade financial. 
 For a Netherlands incorporated counterparty wanting to do a weather option transaction, on the list you sent me earlier for the approved products for european countries, you had no options or swaptions for commodity derivatives, but nothing on weather.  What's the scoop on weather options? 
 thanks Taffy!    Taffy Milligan 04/23/2001 04:20 PM 
 Please let me know immediately if you have any issues with the PG&E entitie= s=20 at the bottom of this email trading the listed products. 
 I'll look for you at the next one, we'll have to get a drink! 
 I was just thinking, if you could get to my office a little earlier, say 5:00 on Monday, I could take you on my "nickle" tour of Houston while it is still light outside, if you like?! 
 I've got you down for Monday, can you do Monday?    Matthew Dawson 04/24/2001 08:24 AM 
 Are you ok with this (they would not be listing, as agent for 3 listed utilities)? 
 I am sorry I am just getting back to you, but I had to check with my whole= =20 legal team around the world, and I just heard back from the final critical= =20 one.  We are OK with them trading the products below.  However, on physical= =20 power, they can only trade west power.  Stephanie, will you need to open th= em=20 up so they can trade immediately? 
 Link --> 
 Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company shouldn't be a problem for weather transactions.  The Master Agreement we have in place with them is an ISDA Local Currency.  The only thing we need to cover is in the confirmation adding the trade option rep for weather, since weather wasn't covered way back then.  Otherwise, they are already approved for all products for online trading.  Since the master is a Local Currency form, we might run into some problems if they wanted to trade non-u.s based products, or use any other currency other than U.S. $$.  If either of those issues come up, let me know. 
 You are the best! 
 At the request of Julie Ferrara with EnronOnline, I am attaching the Second Amendment to the License Agreement extending the term to October 31, 2001. The First Amendment extended the term to April 30, 2001 and expires and the end of this month.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, would you please execute the attached Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by an officer of EnronOnline and return a copy to you via fax.  If you have any comments or questions please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 When you send out your email list of counterparties can you please identify the following counterparties whenthey are on the list as the present particular legal problems:  1.  governmental entities 2.  hedge funds  Much thanks! 
 OK for me! 
 Ditto Credit. 
 Ok for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 04:17 PM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 04:23 PM 
 Attached are the referenced list.  Again, no european physical power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Rob, can I get the four deal nos. so I can get the information I need from the confirm desk to prepare the termination letters?  I will contact Steve South to get the name & phone nos. of the contacts at the counterparty I can send the letters to.    Robert B Cass/ENRON@enronXgate 04/24/2001 06:28 PM 
 Attached is a list of four deals for some online "oops" trades.  Can you send me the deal particulars so I can prepare terminations of the trades. 
 Rob Cass sent me the deal nos., and I have made a request to the confirm desk to get the trade terms.  Thanks for your help.    Sheri Thomas/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 08:50 AM 
 I really don't know.  Maybe the icon, which is just a shortcut to the database, won't work because of outlook.  I haven't had this problem with any other people on outlook before.  You might want to talk to your computer person.  He can probably find the database the long way.  It is just a misc. Lotus Notes application.    Angela Chen/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 10:16 AM 
 Whatever happened to the NDA we sent over to London for signature for Enron Credit.com? 
 You are bad to the bones...!    Bob Bowen 04/25/2001 11:42 AM 
 Yes, I never got the signed NDA faxed to me.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 04/25/2001 11:55 AM 
 Yes.    Bob Bowen 04/25/2001 12:31 PM 
 I never heard back whether you were OK with the "for 3 listed utilities" being dropped off the "as agent" thing... 
 Should we reject this from this onset or do you think it is OK? 
 marcus is ok with the name change without the "for 3 listed utilities", so let it fly! 
 Thank you Kay, I really appreciate all your help!    Kay Young 04/25/2001 02:49 PM 
 As an FYI, from time to time I will be preparing NDAs for the Networks team headed by Mark S. Palmer working with Travis on "Project Offline".  Project Offline has evolved a form of NDA and added a non-solicitation clause and a residuals clause.  I wanted you to be familiar with the form in case Travis is not here, you,as are my backup lawyer for the Networks team.  The form, like all my Networks forms is kept in my "Confidentiality Agreements" subdirectory under "Forms" (in case you ever need it and I'm not around). 
 Do we have any NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty? 
 Thank you for submitting your form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.  However, Enron prefers to use its form of Non-Disclosure Agreement in these types of transactions.  In that regard, I am attaching our form of agreement.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Attached for your review is a list of the NDAs we either have executed or have sent drafts to the customer.  Please take time to review this list to make sure that the status of any NDA you are interested in is correctly reflected.  Call me at x33399 with any comments or questions. 
 Do you have the address for the counterparty?    Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 04:17 PM 
 Attached is the NDA you requested.       Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 04:29 PM 
 Sounds like an Indian chief!  Of course, the name on this LOI I just got is Finn Swarting, which isn't much better!    Kay Young 04/25/2001 04:52 PM 
 Per the request of Lucy Ortiz, I have reviewed the current list of weather counterparties we are trading with, and have targeted four counterparties that we have open for trading weather offline that  I am now going to open for online trading.  1.  El Paso Energy Marketing Marketing Company, name change as of 12/1/99 to El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company - previously approved for all products, except weather, now add approved for weather also.  Non-ISDA Master Agreement in place. 2.  Madison Gas and Electric Company - previously not approved for any financial products, now approving for all financial products.  No Master Agreement in place.  Credit, we need to pursue this financial master. 3. Swiss Re Financial Products Corp. - we previously did not approve this counterparty for any financial trading - now open for weather financial trading only.   No Master Agreement currently in place; however, we are getting close on the negotiation of this ISDA Master. 4.  Vitol N.A. - we previously had them approved for all products, but weather, open them up for weather, as well.  Non-ISDA Master Agreement in place.  Steve Douglas, counterparty is a Swiss corporation and have never sent us their tax forms. 
 Quick Draw...!!!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 04/25/2001 05:25 PM 
 Can I send my old parking card back thru interoffice mail?    Parking & Transportation@ENRON Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON 04/26/2001 10:20 AM 
 I'll be there.  I didn't sign up for the organized activities.  I'll just be hanging out.  The Swap Group is having dinner Wednesday night, if you haven't already made plans do you want to join us, we're about 15 in number right now!    Andrea Calo@ENRON 04/26/2001 01:07 PM 
 It's a date!    Andrea Calo@ENRON 04/26/2001 02:35 PM 
 We've picked up two more diners for La Fogata in San Antonio, Andrea Calo and Yao Apasu.  Can you call back the restaurant and switch our reservation to two tables of 8 people, instead of one table of 14.  I think a table of 8 will be more manageable than a table of 16.  Thanks! 
 As we discussed, attached is my "Cheat Sheet" which I use to guide me when approving non-US counterparties that come in through EnronOnline via Houston Credit.  London Legal and I try to coordinate our responses but I cannot speak for them and the standards they may apply to approving counterparties to trade online.  They also frequently deal with different countries than us.  You may want to speak to Justin Boyd.  Generally, with respect to most physical trading, except power trading, there are no legal restrictions to trading.  Most of the restrictions in this list are with respect to financial products.  Physical bandwidth has generally not done much legal due diligence outside of the US and the UK and bandwidth is therefore not open to non US and UK counterparties.  With physical power, generally, in most countries they require some sort of power marketing license so I look to the power lawyers to guide me.  As I also mentioned, for Japan or Australian based counterparties I wait for David Minns or Jane McBride to advise me. 
 Yes, Mark Greenberg will pick this up.    Kay Young 04/27/2001 08:44 AM 
 Link -->  The link is above.  I have to do your request for edit capability.  You will not be able to see comments or make Credit comments until your request is completed.  I will let you know when that is done.    Randy Otto 04/27/2001 09:13 AM 
 She seemed to have more initiative than the average temp.  Was nice.  I would be fine with having her work for me again.    Becky Spencer 04/27/2001 11:28 AM 
 Re:  Element Re  I just checked with Brent Hendry, the attorney on this one, and it should read  "...as agent for XL Trading Partners Ltd." not "of" 
 At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching a copy of the Letter of Interest revised to delete the sentence with respect to obtaining certain agreements with respect to Broker's customers.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please sign the attached and return it to me via fax no. (713) 853-3399 and I will have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399. 
 The Swap Group has already made plans for a dinner on Wednesday or I would love to join you.  Thanks for inviting me!    Kimberlee A Bennick 04/27/2001 02:41 PM 
 Thanks, you're the best!    Samuel Schott 04/27/2001 03:47 PM 
 Per my discussion with Mark Taylor and our conversation today, attached is the form of Termination Agreement that should be used when terminating EnronOnline mistake or "oops" trades.  The trades should continue to be initially run past the Legal Department to determine whether there are any unusual circumstances surrounding the trades, but absent unusual circumstances, Legal will then pass the trades on to the Confirmation Desk for preparation of the Termination Letter and further handling.  These same procedure should apply to physical as well as financial transactions.  Since this is a contract, the agreement will require the initials of a lawyer and signature of a VP or above for the relevant company.  The Termination Letter should be brought to the appropriate Legal Group for signature.  The current policy with respect to mistake trades is that the trade should be terminated.  Reverse trades should not be entered into.  If you have any questions, please call. 
 Any problems with this counterparty? 
 I will pass on your "hello" to the rest of the group.  Of course we don't forget one of our favorite credit guys! 
 Why don't you fax that letter up to me so I can figure out what it is, 646-3490... 
 At the request of Kevin Montagne, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Any Problems with this counterparty? 
 Danm that doesn't sound like a full legal name...?    Daniel Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 04/30/2001 03:03 PM 
 thanks for your help!    Justin Boyd 05/01/2001 07:30 AM 
 At the request of Mark Palmer, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   I have also attached a blacklined draft showing the changes from the iPlanet draft.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 kim,  below are the four "oops" trades the prompted my changing of the procedure. I left a voicemail for the trader to provide me with the phone number and name of the person who he spoke to but he never returned my calls.  I guess, if someone from Joe's group could please prepare the two termination letters and get them signed...  Thanks. 
 Link --> 
 Your attachment doesn't seem to be attached...    "Digiacomo, Silvana" <Silvana.Digiacomo@tres.bnc.ca> 05/01/2001 02:11 PM 
 Yes, are you at the top of the list?  You should be trying to open the top database that says "secured".    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 05/01/2001 02:06 PM 
 Stacy,  I don't know anything about this, I guess it's yours? 
 Sylvana,  I have forwarded your email to Mary Cook, a lawyer in our "Swap Group", for handling.  Her direct dial number is (713) 345-7732.    "Digiacomo, Silvana" <Silvana.Digiacomo@tres.bnc.ca> 05/01/2001 02:46 PM 
 Just a note to always remember to check "ERMS", we are frequently amending or updating and replacing old ERMS masters with ISDAs and ERMS should always be added as a company when you prepare the legal credit list.  Thanks. 
 It won't let me open the document.  Can you ressend it?    Carlos Alatorre/ENRON@enronXgate 05/01/2001 04:14 PM 
 Ok to copy.    Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate 05/01/2001 04:32 PM 
 We will need to catch a cab to get to La Fogata which is located at 2427 Vance Jackson Road in San Antonio.  Our dinner reservations are for 7:00 pm, so I suggest we all meet in the hotel lobby at 6:30 and catch group cabs together.  Dress is casual.  The phone number for the restaurant is 210-340-1337, in case you get lost in a wild cab ride or something similar (this will have special meaning to certain swap group members!).  If you haven't RSVP'd back to me, please do so, so I can get an accurate head count for tomorrow.  See you in San Antonio. 
 Yao, you're a bum, we will miss you at dinner tonight!    Yao Apasu@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/01/2001 06:11 PM 
 Any conflicts? 
 As you requested, attached is the referenced NDA. 
 Any conflicts? 
 Attached is the NDA for the referenced counterparty. 
 Mary Cook also asked me to forward the below email re: NYMEX collateral to= =20 you. 
 I would love to pick up you and Henry!    Alicia Goodrow/ENRON@enronXgate 05/07/2001 09:21 AM 
 We have received a faxed copy of the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated January 11, 2000.  The original will follow by Fedex.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Any conflicts? 
 At the request of Dave Forster, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Sheri,  I need to know the nature of the discussions we will be having with this company so I know how to word the decription in the agreement.  Also, usually I email the agreements directly to the counterparty, so unless he will be delivering this in another manner, I will need an email address.    Sheri L Cromwell/ENRON@enronXgate 05/02/2001 04:34 PM 
 We do not have a master swap agreement in place with CMS Field Services, Inc. so there is no need to send us a copy of the notice. 
 Marilyn,  Do we have some documentation from the City that shows the City of Long Beach with a "Inc." at the end of their name?  I have never seen a city with an Inc. at the end of their name before, that is a corporate thing, not a municipal thing... 
 OK for me.    Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate 05/08/2001 08:29 AM 
 We have received an executed Master Agreement:  Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:   March 19, 2001  Enron Entity:   Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:   Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC  Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Foreign Exchange  Confirming Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Governing Law:   New York  CONFIRMATIONS:  There is a special form of confirmation that should be used for all online and offline transactions.  RESTRICTIONS:  This is a TEMPORARY bridge master agreement until we can get a new ISDA Master Agreement in place.  In a side letter agreement dated 3/19/01, the parties have adopted the Merrill Lynch Capital Services, Inc. ISDA Master Agreement dated 12/02/92, in effect changing the names of the parties and certain credit terms. 
 I'll be there... 
 Pursuant to the documentation the counterparty provided when they entered into the power EEI, and at the direction of Marcus Nettelton, a lawyer in the power group, the counterparty name for the Port of Oakland should set up in GCP as follows:  The City of Oakland, a municipal corporation acting by and through its Board of Port Commissioners  GCP, if you could please redo the counterparty name, and Stephanie, if you could please resubmit the PA to match the counterparty name, then we can get this one done...        Samuel Schott 05/03/2001 09:24 AM 
 Thanks for the info.  I'll direct it to her the next time.    Samuel Schott 05/08/2001 05:24 PM 
 We have another problem with that 90 character thing... 
 At the request of Travis McCullough, I am attaching a copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement, revised to delete the non-solicitation clause. 
 713/646-3490    "Kimmel, Scott" <sckimmel@lehman.com> 05/09/2001 09:46 AM 
 Joe, I need the deal specifics so I can prepare an exhibit.    Larry Joe Hunter 05/09/2001 11:33 AM 
 Per my voicemail, attached is the assignment of the FPL trade.  If you could please attach as Exhibit A, the specifics of the trade and then fax the assignment to the counterparty.  When the counterparty faxes the signed Assignment back we will have to have it initialled by a lawyer since it is a contract, and send it up to me and I will get someone to sign it. 
 Please find attached list. 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching the revised Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Enron Net Works LLC needs another NDA in place with the referenced company. Any conflicts? 
 At the request of John Allario, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I look forward to having you all as guests for an evening of Cajun cooking at my home on Saturday, May 19 at 7:00 pm.  Some of us (I won't name names!) are hoping we might even have enough time to play a wicked game of African Uno!  Below is the list of the individuals attending the dinner at my home, and attached below are the recipes for the evening.  I will provide beer, wine and soft drinks.  In addition, I will make a big pot of white rice to go with the Red Beans & Rice, & Shrimp Etouffe.  Please let me know as soon as possible which recipe you would prefer to prepare.  Laura Johnson (1) Charles and Janice Thompson (2) John Hagood (1) Ann Hutson (1) Henry and Alicia Goodrow (2) Beryl and Ray Mack (2) Tana Jones (1)  The directions to my house are as follows:  1.  Take 59 to the Greenbriar exit (like you are going to Church) 2.  Make a right on Greenbriar 3.  Quickly get into the left lane because you will have to make the first left possible onto a street called Milford 4.  Then, make a left onto Shepherd (you need to go back one street in the opposite direction) 5.  The first right will be Banks Street (it is the street right next to the 59 freeway) 6.  On Banks, go past the first stop sign, I will be the 3 or 4th house on the left, a taupe colored, ivy covered cottage, 1920 Banks 7.  My phone number is (713) 529-1038 
 Matt,  The only people that can have full view and edit capability are Legal and Credit (for legal/client confidentiality purposes).  Attached is the icon, which is just a shortcut link to the database and you can send that link to any Enron employee and they will have view access to all the information in the database except the legal and credit comments.  I will make a request to add the legal and credit people to get edit capability.  I think Denis O'Connell already had edit access, send him the link and let me know if he has edit access.  (you can just copy this link and add it to emails to people, however, I'm a little afraid it might not work from London, because it is just a shortcut, if it doesn't, you might need your computer people to create a shortcut link for y'all, let me know).  Link -->     Matthew Dawson 05/10/2001 04:05 AM 
 Matt,  Justin Boyd, Mark Elliott and Paul Simons already had edit access to the database.  From London, Nicola Beales, Robert Quick, Tracy Foy  & Robert McGrory (is he in Legal?) already have edit access (also yourself & Edmund).  Are All the other People you have requesting edit access in Legal?  On read access, Rod Nelson from Credit already has Edit access from his days in London.  You can send all those other people the Link (if it works) and they should be able to get in.  If they are in Credit we will want them to have edit access because they can read the comments so they can see more detail about the negotiation.  And hopefully, input their comments about their negotiation to keep Legal apprised (we can always hope!).    Matthew Dawson 05/09/2001 12:23 PM 
 In response to a RUSH request from Frank:  FINANCIAL TRADING:  El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. is approved to trade all financial products under with the existing El Paso Energy Marketing Company (now known as El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company) Master Agreement dated as of 04/20/95.  Such Master Agreement and the Transactions thereunder we assigned to El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P, pursuant to an Assignment of Agreements dated as of 12/1/99.  Confirmation Desk:  with respect to weather confirmations, they should continue to follow the existing format of the El Paso Energy Marketing Company weather trades (changing the name, of course).  We are in the process of replacing the old "ERMS Style" Master Agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement and will notify you when the new agreement is executed.  PHYSICAL TRADING:  Approved for all products.  Global Contracts:  talk to Stacy Dickson about which contracts to use (EL Paso, Sonat or GTC).  EMERGING PRODUCTS.  Approved for all products.  POWER:  Not approved for trading.  All power trading should continue under the old El Paso Power Services Company entity until we receive documentation that evidences the approval of the assignment of their power  license. 
 No time out for Tana. 
 The cornbread is yours!    "Hutson, Anne" <ah692217@bcm.tmc.edu> 05/10/2001 11:23 AM 
 Sorry you can't make it...    JHagood@mfah.org 05/10/2001 11:22 AM 
 Good job!    Georgi Landau@ENRON 05/10/2001 01:08 PM 
 Cute kitty, makes me want to get another kitten.  It's hard to believe Frank ever looked like that, tho...!    Dan Lyons 05/10/2001 02:08 PM 
 You should now have edit access for the financial trading database.  Please only edit those entries relating relating to ECTRIC.  Below is the icon which I hope should get you entry into the database (it's a shortcut, and I'm not sure it work in England, let me know and I'll stop sending it to people there if it doesn't!).  Link --> 
 You now have edit access to the financial trading agreements database. 
 Jane,  We have a Japanese counterparty on this list that wants to trade physical & financial pulp & paper.  Any problems? 
 L:ovely choice!    "Ray & Beryl Mack" <rayberyl.mack@worldnet.att.net> 05/10/2001 09:32 PM 
 Thanks for the info!    Jane McBride@ENRON 05/11/2001 06:00 AM 
 Ian,  The confidentiality provisions contained in this agreement do not allow us to provide the agreement to affiliates.  I will need some direction from the counterparty either via email or phone before I can send you a copy of the agreement.  Sorry...    Ian Brungs@ENRON 05/11/2001 08:02 AM 
 I had a rush approval on this list, so while you were out having a baby (well, actually Louise was doing all the hard work!), I called Leslie at home at Elizabeth's direction because I had to get Sierra Pacific Holding Company approved.  We are currently purchasing power from them and Ed Sacks said we just gotten an EEI in place with them so Leslie approved them for both the bid and offer on west power (even tho Credit is going to open them up for purchases only).  No one has approved any other lists while you were out, so I have been patiently been waiting your return...sniff...sniff... 
 Can you please put this counterparty in profile manager for me.  We had a really old ERMS Master that restricted the types of financial products they could trade under it, and I want to take a look and see what we've got them approved for.  They should be able to trade any financial products now. Thanks! 
 On the ISDA replacement front, just a reminder that we want to put Morgan Stanley Capital Group at the forefront, we have an old Energy Price Swap Agreement in place with them, and then there's always our favorite, the old AIG "Master Master", now with Sempra, that raises a whole host of other issues...you were going to talk to Bill about that one...  Do you want me to put them on the list for the Legal/Credit meeting as a reminder? 
 As of this week EnronOnline has just started offering US/Canadian Dollar Swaps Online.  As part of my review in determining whether a counterparty can transact these products online I look at the Financial Trading Agreement Database to see if there are any restrictions indicated, check the master swap agreement, and I am also looking at any Board Resolutions we might have received when we got the master agreement executed.  What I am finding is that in the old days when we asked for resolutions evidencing the authority to enter into the master agreement/derivative transactions frequently the resolutions do not allow the counterparies to enter into currency transactions.  Since transacting these currency transactions with our energy customers is a new area of business for us I just wanted us all to be mindful to check these old resolutions and not to rely solely on the "Restrictions" contained in Lotus Notes. 
 You are absolutely the best!    Peter Keohane 05/11/2001 02:35 PM 
 I think we should stick with the standard so people can cook it at home if they like it. 
 I will not be able get your Legal Group Access until I get their SAP Cost Center and Company Numbers.  Their Profiles in the system are not complete. 
 Any conflicts? 
 Jake,  If you would like me to email this to your customer I will need their email address.      Jake Staffel/ENRON@enronXgate 05/14/2001 10:38 AM 
 Below is the ISDA in electronic format as you requested.  This draft is several years old and if you are putting a new one in place I would suggest you start from the newest version of the form and just use this to use as a blackline version.      Ian Brungs@ENRON 05/14/2001 01:31 PM 
 Is the counterparty known by the above ID Lyke Corporation or Ripon Community Printers, I'm confused? 
 Attached is the NDA for Cargill you requested.  At the direction of Mark Greenberg, I have added a non-solicitation clause. 
 We have received the executed Amendment executed as of 01/11/0, to the ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated as of July 13, 1994, This Amendment adds FX and Currency Option provisions.  Copies will be distributed. 
 How has the GCP been set up?    Samuel Schott 05/14/2001 03:08 PM 
 I forwarded a guy down to Credit on 5/9/01 from the referenced counterparty who wanted to get an ISDA in place with us.  I told him he would have to speak to our Credit Dept. first, and from the tone of his voicemail it doesn't sound like he's heard from anyone.  Can you make sure that someone calls him so he doesn't call me again.  His name is Greg Bass and his no. is 619/696-3177.  Thanks. 
 Is this an individual? 
 Is there an Inc. or Co. or something like that in the name?    Nicole Hunter/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 08:22 AM 
 Thanks for following up on that.  I got the counterparty to refax the document to us and Lorraine just got Andy to re-execute it.    Lydia Cannon/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 09:42 AM 
 On this request, I meant "Users", not "Readers", so they can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:48 AM 
 On this request, I meant "Users", not "Readers, so they can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:51 AM 
 On this request I meant "Users", not "Readers", so they can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:53 AM 
 Thanks for your help! 
 On this request, I meant "Users", not "readers, so he can have edit access.    ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> 05/15/2001 11:57 AM 
 I bet Martin is going to have a different Company Code and Legal Cost Code than London.  His info in the computer also isn't complete.  Can you track that down for me.  Thanks! 
 What did you revise?    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/15/2001 12:18 PM 
 Anna's information is not completed and I bet her cost center is different from yours (company the same?). 
 I've got everyone's access submitted except Martin Rosell and Anna Reich and Oliver Harrison whose company codes and cost centers I will need.  Justin, Mark Illiott, Robert Quick and Paul Simons already had edit access into the database and does your assistant Nicola Beales who should be checking that when she approves counterparties for EnronOnline (although I don't think the UK agreement are currently up-to-date, although they need to be for EnronOnline, it will save her a lot of time).  I'm a little worried about your Credit people making changes.  When you approve Credit people, warn them that they are should not make any changes except to Credit comments.  Edmund will need to go in and add your Legal and Credit people to the Database Keywords as only he should have access to add Keywords.  You might want to get him started on that because you have a lot of people to add. It's taken me quite a bit of time get all these approvals done! 
 On or about 5/2/01we opened the above counterparty to transact Canadian/US Currency Swaps on EnronOnline (which they cannot transact under the old Master Energy Price Swap Agreement, they would have to transact udner the GTC).  After discussing this counterparty w/Sara Shackleton, an attorney in the swap group, it appears that Sara has been talking to Morgan Stanley and Morgan Stanley does all its interest rate & currency business out of Morgan Stanley Capital Services, Inc.  We can keep Morgan Stanley Capital Group open for currency swaps, but if they don't trade currency swaps out of that company we'll know why.  Sara is already working on an ISDA Master for Capital Services for Gary Hickerson's group. 
 Your request for our ISDA Password has been forwarded on to me.  Below is the password. 
 Below are the training preferences for our three Houston traders.  If you could sign them up I'd appreciate it .  I'll let you know as soon as I hear from the two Portland lads.  Thanks for your help, it was fun chatting with you! 
 Would it be possible to ask some key people from our Credit Dept. to attend this semiar?    Julia Murray@ENRON Sent by: Carolyn George@ENRON 05/15/2001 03:59 PM 
 Perfect!    Julia Murray@ECT 05/15/2001 04:49 PM 
 I heard about this kitty on the news but the didn't have any pictures. Thanks for forwarding it on!    Becky Spencer 05/16/2001 11:42 AM 
 I have given the form to an attorney to review.  As soon as he returns to his office I'll try and get a timetable for when we can expect an answer on whether their form is acceptable or not.    Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 11:47 AM 
 Mark, when you send out documents can you put the counterparty's name in the subject line so when I'm looking for the documents I can find them easier. Much thanks.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/16/2001 11:42 AM 
 I will attend. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, no physical European power approval for US counterparty until further notice.  The El Paso Merchang Energy-Gas, L.P. was responded to by email already yesterday. 
 New NDA for the Online Team, this time relating to ecommerce and business to business strategies.  Any conflicts... 
 Mark,  Your header is wrong on the 4th page.  The other pages say "David Berberian" and the 4th Page has some other guys name.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/16/2001 04:41 PM 
 So I don't forget when you get back, I just spoke to John Allario, and we either need to amend or draft a new NDA for General Motors to deal with some new business approaches Net Works is making with them.  We'll need to possible add in 3 other Enron companies, so when you get back give me a call and I'll bring my notes around and we can discuss this. 
 It depends on the sophistication of the counterparty.  I think Tembec is fairly sophisticated based on the resolutions from them I have already seen. For a counterparty that isn't, we have sample board resolutions we can send them, or we even prepare them for some counterparties because sometimes they can't even figure out how to fill in the blanks.    Chris Gaffney 05/17/2001 07:39 AM 
 Andrea,  I had Mark Greenberg, an attorney that works on EOL matters, review Green Mountain's form of CA and he much prefers ours.  What he suggested is that you send the counteparty back our form and say something to the effect that EnronOnline has a standard form of Confidentiality Agreement we prefer to execute our form.  If the form meets with their approval we're golden.  If they don't like it have them call me (and I'll just refer them to Mark!).  Attached is our preferred form.        Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 11:47 AM 
 An NDA for EOL, this time it would protect the counterparty so we can receive copies of their financial statements. 
 I wanted to forward you directions to my house for dinner this Saturday. Alicia left me a voicemail and also suggested you bring your friend Kimberly.  Please feel free to do so, the more, the merrier!  I hope you will be able to make it.  Everyone has responded yes, except John Hagood. 
 They should be approved today.  They were on last night's list.    Mary Griff Gray/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 10:01 AM 
 Good letter!    Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 10:34 AM 
 We'll have to wait til Mark Greenberg gets in tomorrow.    Adriane Schultea/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 11:15 AM 
 As long as we're all talking about vacations, I'm going to get mine on the board early.  I would like to take the week of July 16-July 20 off. 
 Breakfast at 10:00 sounds great!  Wherever you want to go...also, I need to get my bike back from you, I might be doing some biking.  I've been thinking about you.  Hope all is going well.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/17/2001 05:33 PM 
 Please call Carol.  How about the Buffalo Grille, or is that too busy?    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/17/2001 05:53 PM 
 How goes you choosing a date for NYMEX ACCESS training?  I faxed you the schedule.  The Houston guys are going February 4, from 10:00 - 2:00.  The earlier you reserve, the better chance you have of getting the date you want... 
 Do I need to do anything?    Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 04:35 PM 
 Per the attached memo from Mary Cook, an attorney in the Swap Group, and our meeting with members of Global Counterparty where we discussed problems with utilities of cities not being clearly identified, may I suggest the we rename GPP 98029, Norwich Public Utilities, something like, The City of Norwich, Connecticut?(which state?), by and through its Public Utilities Department. (The city utilities are at the bottom of the list.)  Stephanie, we will also need them to resubmit their PA.  Cheryl, we may need to confirm how we want to set this counterparty up before Stephanie send out the PA.      Cordially, Mary Cook Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith, 38th Floor, Legal Houston, Texas   77002-7361 (713) 345-7732 (phone) (713) 646-3490 (fax) mary.cook@enron.com 
 Lucinda will be joining us.  I havent heard back from Holly.  Maybe you might want to give her a call too.  I'm sure she's a little stressed out right now!  Maybe you could bring my bike & helmet when you come.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 12:14 PM 
 Let's just keep it at 10 so we don't have to re-coordinate things.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 12:34 PM 
 I don't have Holly's email address, I always call her.    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 01:05 PM 
 281/364-5207    "Patti Young" <pyoung@cliverunnells.com> 05/18/2001 03:06 PM 
 We have received the originally executed Password Application and Amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement dated as of 1/5/00.  The originals are being walked down to you. 
 Another request for the EnronOnline Team.  Any conflicts? 
 Attached is "Annex B.doc" which we use to prepare Annex B which contains the credit provisions we attach to a Confirmation when such is requested for omnibus financial confirmations.  About mid-way through the US Annex B is about 4 selections of collateral annexes depending on whether the credit is one-way or two-way and whether the collateral requested is letters of credit only or letters of credit and cash.  Following that is form of letter of credit.  We have an Annex B form for US counterparties and Canadian counterparties.  I have attached both.   The law in Canada currently does not favor taking cash in Canada and WE DO NOT TAKE CASH (this obviously is quite problematic for us!).  Our current advice from Canadian counsel is that Cash must be perfected in a way similar to filing a UCC.  The Canadian and US lawyers are re-reviewing this situation and I will let you know when/if this advice changes.      Karen A Cordova@EES 05/21/2001 10:00 AM 
 No problema!    Karen A Cordova@EES 05/21/2001 10:20 AM 
 Will attend    Becky Spencer 05/21/2001 10:23 AM 
 either day ok with me.    Esmeralda Gonzalez/ENRON@enronXgate 05/21/2001 11:04 AM 
 Yes, I Fedexed it out for signature on Friday.    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/21/2001 11:12 AM 
 I cannot approve any more old counterparties until Frank gets me that list show show what the counterparties said they wanted to trade when they sent in their password application.    Nicole Hunter/ENRON@enronXgate 05/21/2001 01:23 PM 
 At the request of John Allario, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Is there supposed to be something attached?    Georgi Landau@ENRON 05/21/2001 03:04 PM 
 Federal Expressed!!!    Mark Greenberg@ENRON 05/21/2001 04:23 PM 
 Can you handle this.  I have no ideal what they're talking about. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed forms of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.   I understand from Bob Shults that we still need to define who the legal contracting party will be for APB Energy-Europe.  After you have had a chance to review the agreements, please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399 with any questions or comments you might have.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreements and return them to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 If you are looking for a copy of an ISDA  Master Agreement with Exxon, there is none.  If you are looking for a physical power master you need to contact Rhonda Denton.  I have access to financial trading agreements only.    Clinton Anderson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/23/2001 07:49 AM 
 Shouldn't these forms be placed in the atty.fms bank so all members of the swap team can get access to them... 
 Attached for execution is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the= =20 referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an = =20 Omnibus Confirmation.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  (i) Secretary'= s=20 Certificate re: Incumbency and certified copy of Enron Corp.=01,s articles = of=20 incorporation and bylaws, and (ii) Secretary's Certificate certifying=20 coverage of the Guaranty under the Policy for issuance of Guarantees.  I ha= ve=20 attached copies of these certificates.       Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the=20 documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Some additional comments are as follows:  1.  City of Redding-no change from our previous approvals. 2.  Cajun Electric Power-no west coast power (caiso or firm).  It can only trade east coast power and Enron can only purchase from Cajun via EOL.  As usual, no European power until further notice. 
 Engage Energy Canada is an Alberta corporation.    Tom Moran/ENRON@enronXgate 05/23/2001 03:33 PM 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreements and return them to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have them executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I was a little concerned when I got this email and I discussed it with Mark= =20 Taylor and I just want to confirm with you, that you are responsible for an= y=20 changes to resolutions for UK online corporations and we are responsible fo= r=20 US online corporations.  No changes should be made to the EnronOnline, LLC = or=20 Enron Net Works Board Resolutions without going through me or Mark.=20  I checked the EnronOnline minute books in the vault and unless I am plain= =20 missing it I have not prepared and see no resolutions appointing Lara=20 McKinney or Arfan as Agents and Attorneys-in-Fact to execute Password=20 Applications (which is the only authority we would give them, not general= =20 signing authority for any other documents).   I need to confirm whether you= =20 have prepared any resolutions granting Lara & Arfan signing authority and i= f=20 you have I need to get copies faxed to me.  Of course, I only care about=20 Enron Online, the other two companies fall under your jurisdiction. 
 My pleasure!    Mark S Palmer/ENRON@enronXgate 05/24/2001 11:08 AM 
 Cheryl,  Do you have their titles?  Only a VP or above can sign documents.    Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Sent by: Cheryl Nelson@ENRON 05/24/2001 09:59 AM 
 I need to approve, I'll approve today.    Mary Griff Gray/ENRON@enronXgate 05/25/2001 07:08 AM 
 Re: Pacific Forest Resources  Unless this is another company or they have changed their name subsequent to the execution of the ISDA Master in 1998, we have an ISDA Master in place with this counterparty and have a copy of their Articles of Incorporation in the file, and there is no "Inc." at the end of this company's name.  If you would like me to send you a company of the company's Articles of Incorporation I will be happy to do so. 
 Attached is revised list, opening up EOG Resources, and shutting down Cajun Electric Power Cooperative.  Thanks for the catch! 
 Sure, just use me as as reference for getting a job.  Let me know when you come into town.    Zoltan Trizna <ztrizna@pol.net> 05/25/2001 11:55 AM 
 It's on its way!    Cheryl Johnson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/25/2001 12:46 PM 
 Can I expect any kind of payback from my contractor for giving him such a high rating?    "Louis Fernandez Company" <louis@lfcompany.com> 05/25/2001 02:23 PM 
 Louis,  I went to fill in all that stuff, but they want to much personal information (like my address and phone number which I don't like to give out) and they won't accept the referral without it.    "Louis Fernandez Company" <louis@lfcompany.com> 05/25/2001 02:47 PM 
 No, I have not received the fully executed document yet from Steve.    Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/29/2001 09:14 AM 
 Sara, there is no paralegal yet working this deal.  It is an old Susan Flyn= n=20 deal and no credit has been received.  Unless you appoint a paralegal to=20 handle this I expect I will still be the paralegal that gets the snotty=20 emails and phone calls from Jen and from Rich Lassander. 
 I do not agree and I am discussing this with Justin Boyd in London before I (or Justin) responds to this Counterparty.  Joe, can you take a look at their EOL trades and see if there is any particular reason why their trades might be taking more than 24 hours to get a confirmation out?  Thanks.    Larry Joe Hunter 05/29/2001 11:26 AM 
 Justin,  Per the email below, before we respond to Glencore we just wanted to make sure that you haven't made any agreements with Glencore with respect to choice of law for the online trades that would subject them to UK law.  I don't want to talk to them without checking with you first since this is one of the true counterparties that we are trading with on both sides of the Atlantic.  By the way, I heard you had some really good news.  I'm so happy for you! 
 This is from Mark Taylor's presentation he gave for Mark Haedicke at the ISDA Energy Seminar in Houston earlier this year.  I know Elizabeth Sager did a presentation last month for Mark H. he gave to some power group in D.C. Also, Mark T. is currently working on one for bandwith trading for Tom Gros. 
 I don't know where we stand on reviewing the derivatives situation for the referenced counterparty, but Frank Davis with EOL just called and the counterparty is applying for a password, so he wanted to refresh his memory why we wouldn't open them up for derivatives trading.  I told him that we were just looking at their situation last week, and to give your name & # to the counterparty if they question why they can't trades derivatives.  It isn't clear to me that we're ready to change our opinion on them yet. 
 Thanks for the email.  Looks like we're not bad in getting their confirms out.  After I hear from Justin I'll give them a call, hopefully tomorrow.    Larry Joe Hunter 05/29/2001 02:09 PM 
 This counterparty is a public corporation and a political subdivision of the State of Nebraska (a governmental entity).  Sorry it took so long, I had to search the web and I just now had time.    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/20/2001 12:36 PM 
 Just something I noted as I got in to approve Edison Mission.  West power was also in the queue for approval.  We had previously had them approved for all power, and Credit had shut them down for power because Credit has been worried about their financial condition ala PG&E, but now is willing to open them up for all power.  I thought it was OK to open them up for all power since we had them open for all power before, but I just wanted to run it by you just in case...    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/21/2001 05:10 PM 
 Thanks Justy, maybe you can just fax me a copy of your PA or ETA, so I can have a copy of the document when I speak to them.  My fax no. is 713/646-3490.  Thanks!    Justin Boyd/Enron@EUEnronXGate 05/30/2001 04:32 AM 
 No ISDA for Mitsui Corp.  Below is the link which should enable you view access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database.  You can forward this email with the link to any member of your team and they will then have the link which will get them access to the database.  Link -->     Laurie Mayer 05/30/2001 08:26 AM 
 Nothing for me.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/30/2001 09:09 AM 
 You are the best!    Justin Boyd/Enron@EUEnronXGate 05/30/2001 09:56 AM 
 No problem.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 05/29/2001 01:20 PM 
 I told Paul Radous, the Credit guy that you had already said that these guys could not trade physical power because they do not have a power marketing license.  It perhaps might be possible for them to purchase US power only. If they want to enter into power transactions he is going to need to get you a name and phone number of someone at Engage that you can talk to to get evidence of their power marketing license. 
 We have received the originally executed Termination Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999, effective as of December 3, 1999 terminating certain transactions under the ISDA Master Agreement.  Copies will be distributed 
 Sorry, it was on the slow boat, in interroffice mail back from Steve, I just got it.  I'll fax a copy back to the company today and follow with an original by fedex this everning.    Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 05/30/2001 10:38 AM 
 Do we have an NDA for The Chase Manhattan Bank.  I kinda bet we do, but I kinda but we don't with respect to EnronOnline business... 
 As you requested, attached please find a copy of the referenced NDA. 
 Per our conversation, it appears that the two companies are going to merge in October?  Looking at Lotus Notes, I don't think we could pick two bigger dogs of masters to have in place.  I don't think we want either master to be the survivor master.  With Chase we have an old 1987 Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement and with Morgan we have a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement.  Yuk, yuk.  If I had my druthers I say, LET'S START OVER.  I know it's far reaching, but maybe we could make it our goal to have this master replaced by October.  Do you think that's do-able?  Do we have a contact at Chase/Morgan we can start dealing with?  I'm going to add chase to the Legal/Credit list just as a tickler for us to get this thing rolling. 
 Why did we change the name for the Board of Municipal Utilities of Sikeston, Mo.?  That is the way the counterparty's financial statement reads as well as how the name is set up on their website?  I also spoke to their lawyer and he said that is how they transact.    Samuel Schott/ENRON@enronXgate 05/30/2001 01:48 PM 
 Steve,  I am Mark's paralegal.  Why don't you go ahead and fax that agreement to me at (713) 646-3490 and it will get the agreement signed and faxed it back to you.  What is your fax number?    Steve Howarth <steve.howarth@bea.com> 05/30/2001 06:34 PM 
 Speedy Gonzalez retains his title!    Marcus Nettelton@ENRON 05/30/2001 05:32 PM 
 Our two Portland traders also want to attend the same seminar as the Houston guys below.  Can you confirm that these reservations are OK so our two Portland traders can make plane reservations.  Much thanks! 
 I feel your stock rising already!    Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 08:03 AM 
 Whilst speaking to Koch about the Koch Hydrocarbons/Industries trades, they asked if they could get ISDA Masters in place with two other Koch entities we are currently trading with.  The two companies are:  Koch Petroleum Group L.P., Credit Contact at Koch is Arnold Lenz at (316) 828-8479  Koch Refining International Pte Ltd. a Singapore company, Credit Contact is in Singapore and can be reached at  65 835 20 27 (I don't know if Houston Credit or London Credit wants to handle this, I looked in the Master Swap Agreement database and I noticed that London sent them a draft in 1999).  The Legal contact at Koch is in my database.  It is a paralegal there, Pam Reinking at (316) 828-4783. 
 Link --> 
 Does this apply to us too? 
 Can you please confirms NDAs for the two companies below.  Much thanks! 
 Thanks, as usual!    Kay Young/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 03:41 PM 
 At the request of David Forster, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   Could you please confirm that we have the correct name of the company.  If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 I can't believe you are approving this!  I was just about to give you a call to ask you about the status.  What a coincidence! 
 I am going to need his address since the front of the ISDA is a pre-printed form and I can't email it.    Edward Sacks/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 04:20 PM 
 Debbie Brackett and I met this week and reviewed the various Koch Hydrocarbon Company Divisions and have developed the following game plan to resolve the division issue with respect to this counterparty:  The following entities exist in GCP:  1.  Koch Hydrocarbon Co. (GCP #36680):  We would like this entity to remain OPEN and to be renamed "Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division". 2.  Koch Hydrocarbon Company (GCP #57853):  We would like all future trading with this entity SUSPENDED.  There appears to be one trade under this entity and this trade should me moved to GCP 36680. 3.  Koch Hydrocarbons Inc. (GCP #26197):  We would like all future trading with this entity SUSPENDED.  There appear to be no trades under this entity.  With respect to the current financial trading being done by Koch Industries, Inc. (GCP #126) (not under a master agreement), I spoke to the Legal Department at Koch and we will be entering into a side letter agreement with Koch that will put all financial trades done by Koch Industries, Inc. under the existing ISDA Master Agreement we have with Koch Industries, Inc. acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division.  I will let you all know when such side letter agreement has been executed.  As soon as GCP #36680 has been renamed we can re-submit them to EnronOnline and open them up for trading. 
 I have submitted the security requests to get the three of you access to the "Other Agreements" subdirectory of the Financial Agreement Database.  That approval usually takes about a day, as soon as it comes through I'll let you know.  You will of course, still need to solve how to get into the directory with Mike Neves.  Let me know when you can get in. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  No european power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Does this work for you?  Is this where you want us to send copies of our signed documents and original guarantees? 
 Any NDAs for referenced company? 
 OK by me.    Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate 06/04/2001 03:05 PM 
 This looks OK to me.  Can we please change the subject to read:  PLEASE REA= D 
 OK for me. 
 No, I don't ever believe we got this executed.  Maybe we need to chat...    Leslie Hansen 06/05/2001 11:06 AM 
 I don't think it should go on the list so traders don't make a mistake and trade under it.  Is that what you usually do Susan?    Tanya Rohauer/ENRON@enronXgate 06/05/2001 11:25 AM 
 All three of your access has been approved.  Now you just have to figure out how to get into the system. 
 Any NDAs for the referenced company.  As usual, it's for EOL business... 
 Just in case you want to join us, Mark, Liz Sager, Shawna and I are going to sign up for the Guadelupe River rafting tour.  If that's your cup of tea join us, 'cause it should be fun! 
 At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 At the request of Dan Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Please return our original copy of the agreement to me along with the copy of the cover letter evidencing that you sent the copy to Dynegy.  Thanks.    Judy Thorne/ENRON@enronXgate 06/05/2001 06:11 PM 
 No, please send to me and I will handle.    Judy Thorne/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 09:06 AM 
 This has been sent down to Phillippe Bibi for signature.  I have not received the signed copy back from Phillippe yet.    Corinna Bolender/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 10:18 AM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 10:48 AM 
 OK for me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 10:52 AM 
 What company are you with? 
 OK w/me.    Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 01:30 PM 
 Can you please shut this counterparty down from trading weather.  Thanks! 
 Nope.  Gosh, the suspense nearly killed me!!!    Teresa Mandola/ENRON@enronXgate 06/06/2001 02:16 PM 
 Company policy (and corporate organizational documents) dictates that ALL= =20 contracts may only be executed by an officer at the Vice President level or= =20 above.  I checked the Corporate Secretary's Records and they indicate that= =20 neither Beth Perlman nor Richard Burchfield meet such requirements for Enro= n=20 Net Works.  Mark Greenberg directed me to get the agreement executed by=20 Phillippe Bibi.  Other officers we frequently get Networks agreements=20 executed by are David Berberian, Managing Director, Greg Piper, Managing=20 Director and Chief Operating Officer, Rex Shelby, Managing Director, or And= y=20 Zipper, Vice President.  If it relates to Commodity Logic, we can go to Tom= =20 Gros, Vice President.  Feel free to approach any of this slate of officers = to=20 get your documents executed. 
 A little forward movement trying to get the Global Counterparty not to set up counterparties under division or trade names.  If the counterparties insist on doing so, we have been trying to get them to add the legal name as part of the counterparty's name in GCP.   For non-swap team members, you may want to forward this email on to your groups as well. 
 Nope. 
 I have a call into the EOL team about this one.  I've tried to approve but no products will come into the queue.    Mary Griff Gray/ENRON@enronXgate 06/07/2001 09:43 AM 
 Beth Perlman, who IS a VP of Enron Corp.    Bob Ward/ENRON@enronXgate 06/07/2001 01:52 PM 
 One note.  We are currently negotiating some credit amendments to this=20 agreement. 
 My emphasis on IS was just that she IS a VP of Enron Corp., not Enron Net= =20 Works (which we found out yesterday she was not an officer of). 
 At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am attaching my list of North America "utility" counterparties.  My given task when I compiled this list was to identify "utilities" and determine if there was a reason we should not approve online trading for the counterparty.  We originally denied approval for all utilities unless we had a Master Agreement in place or an overriding commercial reason to transact.  We are now taking the position that investor owned utilities (IOUs) and related corporate entities should be approved for trading.  However, we will not approve online trading for governmentals or cooperatives when we do not have a master in place, so those counterparties identified as such do not need to be included in your review.  Obviously, if you are aware of a municipal or cooperative I failed to detect, please let us know.  In addition, your review does not need to extend to the Canadian counterparties.  We will run those by Canadian counsel.  Please review the list to help us identify the IOUs.  You may ignore the "Approved for Trading" column.  For your information, the list was compiled from information provided from our Credit Department, from the Company's financial statements which I obtained from EDGAR, from the Company's web site, from www.utilityconnection.com, or from web searches of the Company when I could not locate  information from any of the other sources.  Please give us a call tomorrow to discuss briefly. 
 You should have read access to our Financial Trading Agreements database=20 which should allow you (since you are in legal and can view the confidentia= l=20 comments section) access to the comments.  We are reducing counterparty's= =20 threshold.  Take a look, and see if you can see comments now. 
 Yes, call Mike Neves at x33363. 
 No, I think this one is for you... 
 Per our earlier discussions, I am attaching the language we would like added to the definition of Index in the long descriptions for all US physical and financial pulp, paper and lumber products.  If you have any questions, please give Mark or me a call.    Justin, as an FYI, is this something you might want to add to your European products as well? 
 Per our meeting, we need you to (i) check whether you had "Total Premium" or "Premium" in your online confirmation, and (ii) give me some language re: online trading procedures for the confirmation procedures section.  Thanks! 
 Anthony,  Unless your questions relate to an online problem, can you address your master questions to either of the two Susans.  Thanks! 
 At the request of Carol St. Clair, I am attaching our form of EnronOnline Password Application, Electronic Trading Agreement, and a sample of each of a financial and physical online GTC. 
 We received a Notice from the NYMEX today that they have set March 2 as the date for power to go ex-pit.  I will send each of you a copy of the memo. Copies are also being immediately hand delivered to Jim Fallon and Tim Belden. 
 Attached for your approval is the form of Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of the referenced Counterparty, which guarantees the obligations of ENA under an ISDA Master Agreement.  This Guaranty will supersede and replace the guaranty previously given to Counterparty (formerly known as Enserch Energy Services, Inc.) dated as of December 16, 1996.  We will need the standard executed copy.  In addition, we will need the following closing documents:  Certificate of Incumbency.  Upon approval and execution, please call me at x33399 to pick up the documents.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 
 Checking your mail, a Confidentiality  Agreement came in from Greg Bruch, I gave him a call to see what his timing was, he said ite wasn't urgent, but if we could get an attorney looking at it, to get it final maybe next week.  It is counterparty's form, they would be the disclosing party, for a potential fiber source deal.  I am going to pass the agreement on to Carol for review, and will leave you a copy. 
 Attached please find referenced list,   Again, no physical power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Why won't they let you go to the Corp. conference?  It's too bad, this new resort across the was from the Hyatt Hill Country where we stayed that last time it supposed to be even nicer.  Bummer!  It appears the ECT one is probably always going to be at the Woodlands Resort, which is real boring... 
 FYI 
 Can whoever is working on the revised confirms for the referenced counterparty let Doug know the status?  Thanks! 
 When you have a minute, I've been inputting data all week and have fixes/upgrades we need to the database.  In particular, the EOL people are about to introduce a new product any time time now, and I need that sort the shows "Approved, approved with limits, not approved" to work so I won't have to look at each of 1500 entries to determine what limits are in place.  When you arrive Monday can you let me know how long it will take you to have that sort working.  Then, maybe we can get together and discuss other changes we need to make.  Much thanks! 
 Attached please find referenced list.  No european power products approved until further notice. 
 Below are the people I would like to have access to this database:  Me Mark Taylor Leslie Hansen Elizabeth Sager Alan Aronowitz Harry Collins Stacy Dickson Jeff Hodge David Portz Molly Harris Tom Moran Edmund Cooper in London Justin Boyd in London  Thanks! 
 Working late, huh!?! 
 Why did you send this credit worksheet to me for a physical deal? 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Of course, no European power approved for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Am I supposed to do anything with this new counterparty, or wait until you add it to tomorrow's list? 
 San Diego has applied for a Password Application and wants to trade financial.  Per them, they have already been trading financial off-line with us, and I check with the Confirm Desk and that statement is true, Craig Breslau has done financial trades with them (I thought they weren't allowed to trade financial?!).  Anyway, can we now open them up to trade financial? 
 Do any of the other trading groups have any masters in place with Transammonia, Inc. or any of its divisions, such as Trammochem, Trammo Gas or TrammoGas & Petrochemicals?  Can you let me know ASAP.  Thanks! 
 I am meeting with the exterminator tomorrow a.m.  He said he would arrive between 8-9 am, if he shows up more toward 9 I might not be back yet, if he shows up more towards 8, 10:00 will probably be fine. 
 Attached is the list for 1/24/00.  For the list dated 1/25/00 which only had one amended counterparty, First Energy Corp., I have a change in my earlier approval, from the Power Group. I don't have a code for this, so I'll just tell you, for this Counterparty Enron call SELL power only to them pursuant to an on-line GTC.  This Counterparty cannot sell to us via EOL. 
 It appears that you are signed up for this class, and the confirmation and approval should go to you & Scott.  Remember that you will be charged if you do not cancel if you are not going to go (and the charge for canceling is pretty high, about $1000.  There is no charge if you attend.  Also, let me know if you don't get the proper approval forms. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, no european power products for US counterparties until further notice.  Also, Renaissance is an Amended approval, so I just wrote in the corner-amended-no change, since I have no change in the  earlier approvals I told you. 
 Don't feel left out, but you're the only person I haven't heard from... 
 I said that Contract Administration couldn't determine by looking at the database whether there was one and you said you would look at the database, that you might be able to tell. 
 We have received the executed Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated January 13, 2000.  This Amendment amends the Threshold levels in the Credit Support Annex.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have no record of such an ISDA Master or any other financial master being in place with this counterparty.  Could it be drugs?!! 
 I hope you know I was joking with you...I was a little hesitant about sending that message... 
 I'm glad to hear from you!  I guess I'm a little confused.  I thought you were going to send me your form.  I would be happy to send ours.  I can draft one up in a jiffy.  Just let me know what you prefer.  P.S.  Isn't email wonderful! 
 The Lower Colorado River Authority has called and is ready to do financial business with us and wants to get a revised draft of the ISDA.  The credit on the draft I sent them before is quite old, so I need someone to get me new credit or tell me if the old credit is still ok.  Respectfully, 
 We are going to open San Diego Gas & Electric to transact the following financial products, but are going to limit the length of the trades to 3 months or less.  The approved products per the Master Agreement are any "swap, cap, floor, collar or option...based on the prices of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, or electric power...".  I have previously not distributed the executed Master Agreement because of unresolved issues with the counterparty, but will send copies today to the usual distribution.  We have an executed Master Energy Price Swap Agreement in place between ECT and the counterparty dated as of February 25, 1997.  All financial trades for this counterparty should go under the master. 
 Gracie,  Thanks for your help! 
 FINANCIAL:  We have an ISDA Master in place, originally through Transammonia, Inc., acting through its division Trammochem.  That master has since been expanded to allow trading through additional divisions, Trammo Gas Division and Trammo Gas & Petrochemicals Division.  All trades and confirms can be done as follows:  Transammonia, Inc. Transammonia, Inc. acting though its division Trammochem Transammonia Inc. acting through its Trammo Gas Division Transammonia Inc., acting through its Trammo Gas & Petrochemicals Division  Obviously, Transammonia, Inc., the body corporate, needs to always be on the confirm.  PHYSICAL:  My reports from the other Legal trading groups are that they have no contracts in place, although it is somewhat unclear on the physical gas side as to whether Global Contracts as to whether we have any physical gas master in place. 
 Mark just had to run down quick to a meeting.  When he gets out we'll give you a call & go over this stuff.  We really appreciate your help! 
 If you are in Houston on Feb 10 and HAVE NOT PLANNED ON HAVING DINNER WITH ME, then just don't plan on coming.  I mean, after your last lame excuse about that hotel by the airport, I'm gonna take it real personal if the only hotel room you can get this time is in Pearland.  Ya know what I mean...  Anyway, I have been thinking about you and wondering what you're up to.  For the Enron Corp. Legal Conference, real cool people (like me) are signing up for the raft trip, so as long as the weather's nice we're going to be floating down the Guadalupe drinking some brews.  So if you were cool you'd be hanging out with the cool group (like me)...what are your plans?!! 
 Attached please find referenced list.  Again, no European power for US counterparties until further notice. 
 Please be advised that the NYMEX ACCESS training session will be held from 10:00 am - 2:00 pm at the DoubleTree Hotel in the Allen Center. 
 Usually y'all let me know who's working on the Credit and when I can expect some, but since I didn't hear back I thought that y'all just forgot about me since I'm not on the day to day stuff...there is no particular urgency, next week is fine... 
 Per your request, attached is our sample ISDA Schedule for a plain U.S. corporate entity. 
 I feel better already...sniff...sniff... 
 Attached please find referenced list.  As usual, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Nella,  Your message about the Canadian forms inspired me to visit with Mark.  We were in the middle of updating the Canadian forms, and Mark just gave me a few final changes, and as soon as I make those I'll email them up to you. Actually we have two Canadian forms, the ISDA and the "Industrial". 
 I just got some late changes in from Leslie, so please hold list I JUST send you until she resolves these issues.  Thanks! 
 Here is my revised list incorporating Leslie Hansen's power comments. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  The only amended counterparty with a change was Murphy Exploration which was shut down for power.  I wonder, when we are working with amended counterparties, if there is some way that my prior approval could be on the recent spread sheet?  Right now I have to go find the old spread sheet to find out what I approved it for last time to see if I have any problem with the change.  So usually, unless I have - change next to amended, it means I had no change to what I said before.  Does that make sens? 
 I am actually working on the pieces of the project, but the overall "system" still needs to be designed.  I've been working with our computer people to upgrade our master swap agreement database.  We will be capturing some additional information that we hope will somehow later on feed into the autoconfirm process.  Then, once we work out confidentiality issues relating to our comments section and different companies, we will be opening the database to all interested ENA employees.  I've developed two new databases, we're currently working the kinks out of. First is our" jurisdictional database", which will summarize the swap laws as they relate to each country.  Our international business is growing and its becoming imperative that we get this up and going.  I've actually got the database designed, we're working some kinks out and I hope lawyers can start briefing the country information soon.  Of course, the compelling project for us over the last 6-9 months has been online trading.  I was made the primary legal contact to deal with all the business units for online trading counterparty approvals and contract information.  With thousands of counterparties being approved initially and on a ongoing basis we needed a database to keep track of which counterparties we have approved or disapproved, and tie each product to a contract.   We have that system ready now and I am finishing having the data inputted.  The other part of the system will be our Library of research memoranda, legal advice, etc.  This will be a cross product library (financial, physical, power, etc).  I think I am going to dupe a database the European office has in place to create ours.  The major complaint I have heard from some of them is that the index is not user friendly and they cannot find things when they want them.  So I've got to create a lawyer user friendly index.    Among other documents, this is I think where our forms might reside, in addition, all the research and advice on various legal issues we've received from outside counsel, as well as ISDA Netting Opinions and the like.  I think this Library will be maintained on the same worldwide web our contracts are being scanned into and kept.  I think we can buy a scanner that will scan the documents in, then the web is already set up so we can have our documents available around the world.  So the setup for this might go quickly, although compiling all of our legal advice from the various offices and lawyers might be more of a problem.  The last part we've got to develop is the then overall place or site for all these various databases.  So I think necessity has made me develop the pieces before the overall system.  Maybe when you have time we can have a chat about all this. 
 It's a date!  Would you like me to make reservations at someplace nice, or just go casual? 
 FYI,  Today is the date for renewal of the Consent of Service of Process in connection with the ISDA Master Agreement in place with the referenced counterparty.  I have faxed Mr. Blaquier a request to provide me with evidence of such renewal.  I will keep you apprised. 
 My fax won't go through, I appear to have a bad number.  Can one of you provide me with a new fax & phone numbe ror contact Mr. Blaquier.  Thanks! 
 Debra is the paralegal for the physical gas trading group. 
 The fax still can't seem to go through.  Do I have too mane 2's in the fax #?  Do I need to add a 1 to dial out of the U.S.? 
 What's the scoop, can't come up with ten Top 10's?!!  I never thought I'd see the day... 
 You've received the whole thing.  Mark T. likes to ad lib a lot when he gives a presentation. 
 This came up at our Group meeting today, did you ever sign that Master Netting Agreement for Petro-Canada at year end? 
 new person taking over for Bob Shults 
 Attached please find referenced lists.  Again, now European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 Bob Klein from Salomon Smith Barney would like to arrange a conf. call tomorrow at 11:00 am.  I checked your calendar and you look clear so I told him that was OK and that we would call him. 
 I have been faxed a proposed form of assignment from El Paso with respect to certain trades transacted between 1/14 and 1/25 which they would like assigned to their affiliate, El Paso Energy Marketing Canada Inc.  I am having a messenger walk a copy down to each of you and need your direction as to whether we should consent to this assignment. 
 I have had to revise the list I provided to you earlier.  The change was shutting Kimball down for financial as well. 
 Shari, how do you want to handle this? 
 I spoke to Howard Volz at CT Corporation today, and he said he sent the renewal to DAPSA in November (their renewal date is Feb. 1 of each year) and hasn't heard from them.  I asked him to refax the renewal notice to them.  He said CT will not revoke the consent for about 5-6 more weeks, so we've got some time to resolve this.  I'll keep you posted. 
 Thanks for your email.  I don't want to state the obvious because you appear to already be in compliance, but just as a precaution, I want to make sure you are aware the ECT has a policy which prohibits it employees/traders from trading in anything the company trades in.  Any trading you do for your own account must comply with this policy. 
 I do not appear to be having a winning record for getting my approval list right the first time today.  Attached is also a revised list for 01/31/00. Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa... 
 Can you make a note in Lotus Notes reflecting your conversation.  Thanks! 
 FYI, about the Canadian master netting agreements. 
 Attached please find referenced list.  Again, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice.  On Sithe Power where we only changed the counterparty id #, there is no change from my previous approval. 
 I understand there is a little confusion regarding what products we can trade under the "Master Master"  for the referenced Counterparty.  It's not surprising, it's a confusing master!  This is currently the only agreement we have in place that contains terms for trading both physical and financial transactions in one agreement.  There is a Master Trading Agreement dated February 22, 1996 in place between ECT and  AIG Trading Corporation, now known as Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (Global Contract Reference No. 96000160).  This agreement provides for financial Swap, Option and Swaption transactions (excluding weather), and further provides for physical natural gas transactions only.  It does not provide for any other physical products.  Call me if you have any questions... 
 Just a reminder to talk to me Monday about the utilities.  I was not aware we were not currently trading financial power, which they are getting ready to open up.  I figure the utilities will start squealing loudly when they cannot trade.  So, I've go to start opening up my utilities... 
 Marie was just telling me about your rough tour of duty in the French Alps next week.  I speak a little high school French...perhaps you might need some assistance while you are there...?! 
 How do they override letters go out?  Do you tell someone, do I need to? 
 Can you please shut this counterparty down for weather.  Thanks! 
 Fyi.  However, we need 7 file drawer files.  What do you think. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  On the amended counterparties, Southwestern Public Service Company is the only one with a change, with Enron sells power only, and on the only new counterparty, Minnesota Power, we've got Enron selling power only also.  Again, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further notice. 
 I thought Bob's email was cute.  I asked him to get me our deals numbers for the El Paso assignment, and he sent me the following... 
 Marie and I had a giggle over your email! 
 Who's Dana? 
 Mark and I were discussing my potential purchase of a car, and were looking at some web sites, and thought we would pass on the following car buying web sites:  www.edmunds.com (tells you what prices to pay for cars, safety records)  www.consumer.org (Consumer Reports Magazine Web Site, more to car safety, repair records)  www.carclub.com (if you go to "research advice", then click on "crash test results" they have some info on SUV crash tests.  Since y'all don't have as many SUV's on the road in England you may not know that some of them have failed the crash tests big time, and that also because their point of gravity is up higher they tend to rollover (or "tump" as we say here in Texas) when you make a sharp turn (like to avoid an accident).  Anyway, we were a little concerned about your safety... 
 You narratives aren't too long, I'm just giving you some grief! 
 I have created a database for the Legal Dept., somewhat similar to how the master swap agreement database works, for us to keep track of our approvals for EOL trading, as well as any executed amendments to the EOL Password Application, ETA, GTC, or any other EOL documents.  I have been inputting the data for the Houston based Credit counterparties, and was wondering whether you want me to input the London based Credit counterparties or not.  I have no idea whether you've approved them or not, you'll have to input that data, or you could send it to me and I can input it for you.  Also, I don't know what counterparties you've had since the initial three big counterparty lists...But I know you are busy and it might be hard for you to find the time to input the initial counterparty data, unless you have an assistant do that.  Anyway, we (me, since I'm the one approving all new counterparties for every Legal Group in Houston!) have been using it and are finding it very helpful).  It is also helpful for when I'm out so Mark Taylor can look to see whether I've approved a counterparty or not and what rationale I had for the approval (usually I only put in info when I don't approve a counterparty). Anyway, the link to the database is attached, so why don't you take a look at it just to see what I'm doing.  We're still working on some of the sorts and inputting the data, so it's not fully operational yet.  Anyway, give me your thoughts...Don't make any changes, it'll screw things up... 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  As usual, no European power for U.S. counterparties until further ntocie. 
 Your prompt attention to this matter is greatly appreciated....! 
 As a follow-up to our conversation in London when you said I should bring to your attention any concerns I might have with financial trading issues, the following has recently come up as an issue here in Houston (and does so from time to time).   We will, in fact, be discussing it at our group meeting next week.   I spoke to Edmund about it when I was there in London, but in light of the recent Canadian form problems and the resulting concerns of Mark Haedicke with the integrity of our forms, I thought I should bring this your attention.  One of our continuing concerns on the financial trading side is that every financial trading lawyer/paralegal work from the centrally approved forms. The Houston forms are currently located in a "read-only" directory.  We need to be careful that users copy the forms out of the directory each time they use the form.  Copying the form into a personal directory for ease of use creates issues with people working from outdated base forms, or having forms evolve without  approval.  Another way forms get changed without going through the approval process is when an attorney tells the paralegals to make a change in every swap agreement they approve.  It counts as a form change, not a negotiation change, if you make it in every agreement.  Ultimately our goal is to centralize the forms in a database easily accessible to all of us on a global basis (this is a central and critical component of the Fishkin Project).  Thanks for your attention to this. 
 Would you like to set up a time to chat?  My calendar is pretty clear this week, except for tomorrow at 2:00 pm. 
 We wish you the best for your vacation!  I hope the rest of the Credit Group maintains the high standard of diligence and promptness that you have established. 
 I haven't heard back from you about my EOL database.  I will hope that your lack of response means that you are busy, not in disapproval of my lovely database... 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  We have no changes to the amended counterparties, so the only counterparty really with a comment is Westcoast Energy, which we have not approved for power.  Of course, no European power for US entities until further notice. 
 My Apartment:  1.  Fix leg on sunroom denim couch 2.  Fix front of dresser drawer in back bedroom that is falling off 3.  Front door - handle is loose 4.  The window in the back bedroom behind the bed is missing trim.  I think the trim is in the closet in the living room.  The blinds won't be right if we don't get that trim in.  Downstairs Apartment:  1.  Fix broken window in front bedroom 2.  In bathroom, piece of wood has fallen off cabinet 3.  In bathroom, towel rack is broken.  Can you replace? 4.  Peter says ice cube maker won't shut water off when is on, so he just had it off 5.  Nancy said front door handle is loose 6.  Do we have any drips in sinks?  The floor refinishers will show up Monday morning.  They are going to refinish downstairs floors and my back stairwell.  I would like to recarpet upstairs.  Where do you suggest I go to get new carpeting? 
 Two emails and still no response...was it something I said?! 
 Can you change it on my calendar.  Thanks! 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Since all the counterparties are amended counterparties, my changes are as follows:  1.  Statoil - no change in earlier approvals  2.  Texla -  I don't think it's a change, but they cannot trade US power, also there is no change for financial, I previously said and we continue not to trade financial.  3.  Avista Corporation- Washington Water Power Division.  For financial trading for Avista Corporation I previously said no financial trading.  I am going to open them up for all financial trading.  They can trade under the Avista Corporation name, or they can trade as Avista Corporation, acting through its Washington Water Power Division.   For power trading,  they can trade all US West power products, but can Enron can only sell to Avista for US East power products.  Again, no European power for US counterparties until further notice. 
 Just a reminder to talk to Tim Belden... 
 You are the woman! 
 I have not heard back from DAPSA with respect to the Consent to Service of Process.  Can your business contact there give them a call?  Thanks. 
 Per my conversations with John Suttle in Credit, I am opening up the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products. 
 Just a reminder...to talk to Tim Belden.... 
 Why do we have two active masters?!  Because it appears that Synder/Santa Fe merged and Susan B. did not handle to multiple master issue! 
 In looking through Lotus Notes for EOL, it appears we have two active masters for Santa Fe Snyder Corporation.  Does anyone know which one is the active master? 
 The master agreement for this counterparty appears to not cover the Trade Option Exemption.  Are we adding that into confirms? 
 When would you like to discuss utilities...? 
 I went through our Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement Database and determined that the following masters do not permit power:  The Bakersfield Californian    newprint only Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG   no commodity transactions CGAS, Inc.      natural gas only (are currently shut down for trading because authority certificate only covered one trade) Coastal Gas Marketing Company   natural gas transactions only Credit Lyonnais New York Branch (AAA Program) no commodity transactions E.W. Scripps Company (The)    48.8 gram newsprint swaps only Lehman Brothers Special Financing, Inc.   no commodity transactions.  Weather is ok Mellon Bank NA     FX and currency option transactions only Midland Bank plc     FX and currency option transactions only National Westminster Bank    FX and currency option transactions only Palladium Insurance Limited    weather only Phibro, Inc.      energy price swaps based on fixed and floating prices of natural gas, crude oil or oil products and/or call        and put options based on the prices of natural gas, crude oil or oil products  Praxair, Inc.      natural gas only PXRE Corporation     weather only St. Paul Re (Bermuda) Ltd.    weather only Tempest Reinsurance Company Limited  weather only Westdeutsche Landesbank Gironzentrale  FX and currency option transactions only 
 TAKE A VACATION DAY! 
 Please find attached the referenced list.  For Enserco Energy, Inc., my previous approvals remain the same except for power, which has been shut down for trading (I can't just copy the last excel spreadsheet since the columns are not in the same order anymore).  Then, the only other new counterparty is also shut down for power but open for everything else. 
 We need to amend the master on Williams, and Mark asked me to see you about it because this type of amendment might have to be made to a number of counterparty masters.  When you have some time, can I come around...Thanks... 
 I will attend. 
 I have received executed copies of the following assignments of certain EOL trades (physical and financial):  1.  Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and among Aquila Risk Management Corporation ("Assignor") and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ("Assignee") and Houston Pipe Line Company  2.  Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and among Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ("Assignor") and Aquila Risk Management Corporation ("Assignee") and Enron North America Corp.  3.  Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and among Aquila Canada Corporation ("Assignor") and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ("Assignee") and Enron North America Corp.  Copies of these assignments will be sent to the usual distribution group. 
 The EOL trade assignment letters are prepared off the same form we do our regular assignments.  There is no special language in the assignment form about online issues. 
 Attached are the Swap Group's form of Enron Corp. and Counterparty guarantees.  Erica, these forms are located at atty.fms/swaps/current forms/guaranty.doc. 
 I'm ready for a real challenge...!  It is always my pleasure to help you and Babs! 
 What the latest with Force?  Should we proceed with this amendment... 
 I have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of May 25, 1999.  This amendment deletes the prior Confidentiality provision in the ISDA Master Agreement and replaces it with our current Confidentiality language.  This change will allow either party to provide copies of the agreement to its Affiliates.  Copies will be distributed. 
 With this attitude, you are sure to work up in the standings of being our favorite Credit person... 
 The referenced counterparty is approved to trade all products except power. 
 I do believe you can look up who is working on this master in Lotus Notes... 
 Greg, check with Nella or Peter.  The ISDA 1994 Credit Support Annex should be contained in the binder I gave Peter during his secondment here in Houston. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated February 15, 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement.  Copies will be distributed in the usual manner. 
 And you just know I just hate to be right...! 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  Please note the following:  1.  For Puget Sound, no change in our earlier approvals except for power. For power, open for West products, but ENRON SALES only for East products.  2.  For Ferrell International Limited, Credit shows them as an amended CP, but I have no record of seeing them before, so I treated them as a new CP.  Again, no European power for U.S. counterparties. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated February 8, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty. Copies will be distributed in the usual manner 
 I spoke to Mark Taylor today and he said that he spoke this week with a lawyer from, I believe Skadden, that had been hired by the OMLX to talk to ED&F Mann about the CFTC issue.  I think Mark Taylor is waiting to hear back from the Skadden lawyer. 
 We have received the executed  Letter Agreement dated January 25, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with respect to the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be distributed in the usual manner. 
 We have received fully executed copies of the following assignments of physical natural gas transactions:  1.  Assignment of Various Natural Gas Transactions by and between El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. and Enron North America Corp.  2.  Assignment of Various Natural Gas Transactions by and between El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. and Enron Canada Corp.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Thanks for following up with this!  It is critical we have accurate information on our positions.  Continually busting our limits could subject the company to potentially substantial fines from the NYMEX.  Please let me know what Mike's thoughts are... 
 Oh, you little sweet talker...! 
 No, I didn't get it.  Just reply back to this email & reattach it. 
 Can we do a "See" dropdown like the Master Swap Agreement Database, so we can track name changes?  Thanks! 
 As a follow-up to our conversation, the referenced counterparty is not an eligible swap participant, therefore we need to shut them down for all financial. 
 What do you think about the situation below? 
 The Legal/Credit Meeting scheduled for today is canceled due to the absence of Susan Flynn. 
 Attached is the referenced counterparty approval list.  On Encal, the only amended counterparty, I don't know if this is a change or not from the prior approval, but Leslie shut them down for power.  All other prior approvals for that counterparty should remain the same. 
 Let me know what you think...I may go do my "long" run on Sunday, if you're doing one too, maybe we can meet for breakfast... 
 What are your thoughts on this... 
 Is this trade something you know something about? 
 I spoke to Mike Mulligan at Paribas and he said he had discussed this trade with Lee.  I don't know if you need any help from me expediting this amendment to the guaranty, let me know if you do.  Mike's number is in our Master Swap Agreement database. 
 Attached is the referenced list, with the following comments:  1.  BC Gas Utility Ltd. was added as an amended counterparty by me.  We got the financial master in place with them so we are opening them up for all financial. 2.  Ferrell North America - we have a financial master in place with Ferrellgas, L.P., d/b/a Ferrell North America.  That should be the name that goes out on the confirm.  All the counterparties on today's list are shut down for power. 
 Attached is the Enron Employee Referral Form and resume of my friend Patty Young, which I will be submitting to two groups for consideration.  Please let me know if anything else is needed. 
 I don't understand what it is I haven't completed.  Can you let me know so I can complete the form.  Thanks! 
 I'll pass on any other articles on the transportation industry that might be in our various derivatives magazines .  Glad you liked this one! 
 What if there is no specific job.  I spoke to Mary Solmonson in Global Contracts and she said they had several job offerings and to send the resume to her and she would take a look at it and forward it to the relevant groups? 
 EOL needs to hear ASAP whether Nicor Gas Company is approved to trade online...can you let me know...thanks! 
 Attached is the referenced approval list. 
 Attached is the revised Referral Form and Resume for Patty Young.  I hope this does it! 
 Tonight I'm going to see a house after work today and then I have a late Sergei workout.  But keep me in mind in the future...  I finally got your application accepted by our personnel group, so now I can forward it to the respective groups for review.  One of the bad things about big corporations are the forms you have to fill out to do anything... 
 That was funny! 
 We have received the following executed ISDA Master Agreement (which supersedes and replaces the Master Agreement [ECT] executed 1/30/97, dated as of 10/19/95):  Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)  Effective Date:  10/19/95  Executed Date:  02/09/00  Enron Entity:  Enron North America Corp.  Counterparty:  TXU Energy Trading Company  Transactions Covered: All products covered except pulp & paper and FX  Confirm Desk:    As previously noted, we have agreed to a special form of confirmation acceptance letter 
 FYI, attached is the Confirm Desk's latest list of confirms requiring special provisions. 
 At our Group meeting this past week we discussed paying the consent to service of process ourselves, just so we can make sure it stays in place, since it's not such a large amount of money.  Sara Shackleton is heading down there next week and was going to discuss this with you...we just wanted to give you a head's up about our thinking on this. 
 Linda and I had a good visit Sunday for about six hours.  We had a nice lunch at an outdoor cafe, went shopping in the Village, and then went back to my house for a chat.  Linda had pictures of Jenny.  She is a beautiful 14 year old, blond like Linda but with Tim's dark eyes and full eyebrows.  She was voted the #1 girl in an underground survey done by the boys in her class, and Linda was a little concerned about that because Jenny is a little developed for her age group and she's afraid the boys interest is a little prurient. Her marriage is going well despite Steve's current unemployed status.  But she is doing well in her job, they moved into a bigger house and Tim bought her old one, and all in all is at a very good place in her life.  I'm getting ready to leave for New Orleans tomorrow for our Legal Conference.  We have dinner reservations at Emeril's for 9:00 tomorrow night and we're all a bit excited about that.  Then Thursday night is our big night out at a blues club.  This email was a good idea.  Linda got my address and I hope to be chatting with her more than every two years!  I'll be in touch when I get back.   All my love, 
 We have received the executed ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) executed 04/08/99, effective as of 06/09/98.  Copies will be distributed.  We also received the originally executed Confirmation, Deal # EM3927.1,2 & 3.  I will sent it down to the Confirmation Desk. 
 Dear Mr. Zunic,  Pursuant to the request of Fred Lagrasta, I am attaching a sample form of our Master Agreement.  Please call me at (713) 853-3399 or Fred at (713) 853-6529 if you have any comments or questions. 
 With respect to the referenced lists, all the counterparties on these lists are amended counterparties and there are no changes to our earlier approvals.  FYI, Credit did not have Ionic Energy down as an amended counterparty, but per my conversation with Tom Moran, it was on the initial second list, and should be treated as an amended counterparty. 
 Below is the new drop down I need added:  Trade Option Representation (choose one only):  standard weather included enron must be offeree none other  Mike, the above should have a box to check, and the box should always check "standard" unless someone goes in and effectively changes it.  Then add the following:  Other trading provisions  pulp & paper FRABBA  Switching databases to the EnronOnline database:  We need to add a category for a new product, Credit Derivatives, have a comment box just like financial or power, have it follow after power. 
 This will confirm our conversation today regarding which European jurisdictions are approved for trading credit derivatives:  the U.K., Sweden, Norway, Finland and Switzerland.  The European jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include:  France, Germany, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Scotland, Spain, and The Netherlands.   For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches).   This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.  Per our conversation, Canada is also not an approved jurisdiction for credit derivatives.  Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  I haven't said it for a few lists, but remember, no European power for US counterparties until further notice... 
 Greg,  It appears we send Dynegy Canada a draft ISDA in July of 1999, and got no response from them.  We will need to update the ISDA we sent them in July since our form has changed since then.  Once we get the go ahead from John Suttle in Credit as to whether we need to update the credit, we will prepare the ISDA Master Agreement you have requested. 
 My pleasure...! 
 There are no changes from my previous approvals for the two counterparties on this list. 
 No, they never gave me an updated copy. 
 It appears this class is on a Sunday & a Monday.  Did I get this right? 
 Per my conversation with Credit, it appears there are two Northern States Power Companies.  We have already reviewed Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation (cpy ID #265).  The counterparty that showed up on yesterday's list is Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation (cpy ID #161).  The Wisconsin corporation is a sub of the Minnesota corporation.  I don't know if this makes any difference in your approvals... 
 Robin Newman Matthew Bender & Co. 212/448-2168 
 With the execution of the Wisconsin Gas Company master, this brings the total executed financial masters to 400.  The countdown to 500 executed financial masters is now starting!  Congratulations to the Legal and Credit teams for getting us to this point and for a job well done! 
 Leslie,  Why am I getting this information below?  These counterparties are not on my approval lists for the last few days.  Did Frank ask you questions re: the counterparties below, and you just want me to put this info in the EOL Legal Database? 
 With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules? 
 Rick Tucker at Pan Canadian (he used to be at PG&E) called and has been speaking to Willie Harrell on the Confirm Desk, and I believe Willie spoke to Mark about this issue yesterday, but it appears to be unresolved and I think Mark was going to talk to you about it.  Pan Canadian is doing EOL trades, and wants to know why he keeps getting the online confirms w/the GTC's attached since the way the system is set up he technically is already agreeing to the GTC's online.  He feels he is having to look at a lot of unnecessary paper.  Rick will be out of the office Friday and Monday, but was hoping you could give him a call Tuesday to discuss this issue.  His phone # is 713/331-5049.  FYI, we do not have a master in place with Pan Canadian Energy Services. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  Please note:  Tampa Electric Company can do power sells only.  Even though Peoples Gas is a division of Tampa Electric, it cannot trade power because its power marketing license was not granted in that name.  Further, I earlier shut down Tampa Electric Company for financial trading, and I am now opening them up for financial trading, either as Tampa Electric or Peoples Gas. 
 I am confirming my conversation with you yesterday and my conversation a minute ago with Lori Volpi at Dynegy Canada.  As we discussed, Dynegy Canada is trading with both ECC and ENA, with the bulk of its trading being done with ECC.  Instead of getting two ISDA Master Agreements in place, we will enter into an ISDA Master Agreement between ECC and Dynegy Canada, and then just back-to-back any ENA trades down to Houston by virtue of the Services Agreement for Financial Agreements we have in place between ECC and ENA. Per my conversation with Lori, this will also work with the EOL trades since the Electronic Trading Agreement provides that any financial trades done for either ECC or ENA will be transacted under the respective master agreement in place with either ECC or ENA.  Works for me...! 
 Brenda Whitehead prepared that presentation and should be sending it to you. 
 I would be more than happy to update the database with any comments you may want me to add, don't ever feel bad, when I don't expect something I just need to know what it's about.  I hope we can open the EOL Legal Database soon so you can update any comments or notes directly into it. 
 In response to your email:  1.  The NYMEX did not have Dana Davis down as a user because he just completed and signed his application Wednesday evening and the NYMEX received the application by Fedex Thursday.  It will take several days for them to process his application.  Further, he still needs to attend their training session in NY (I hope this coming Wednesday) before he will be able to trade online.  2.  As far as the problem with only one user being able to get in NYMEX ACCESS at a time.  I have a call into the NYMEX about this.  We get a terminal per seat, so since we have two seats, we get two terminals at no cost.  The 3 additional terminals have to be leased from other NYMEX members and the NYMEX is arranging the initial lease for us and will pay the lease, cost free for the first 6 months.  After 6 months any cost associated with the 3 additonal terminals will have to be borne by ENA.  I have a call into the NYMEX to find out what the status of our 3 leases is.  3.  Bruce, per your voicemail about you or a member of your group having the ability to change operator access to these terminals, changes in the terminal operator approvals can only be done by the two seatholders, who are currently Mark Haedicke and Kevin Hannon.  Any changes with respect to operators will have to be done by full application to the NYMEX, therefore, such process should continue to be done through the Legal Department. 
 Below are the account numbers at Salomon Smith Barney that you will need to trade NYMEX ACCESS power:  PJM  017 90327 CIN  017 90316 ENT  017 90317 PV  017 90404 COB  017 90405  For those of you who haven't done business with Salomon Smith Barney before, our trader contact there is John Galperin at (212) 723-7284. 
 Per the request of Mark Taylor, I am forwarding the attached. 
 Attached is the list of the counterparties that EOL wants to approve for emissions auction trading.  Please let me know ASAP if there are any counterparties on this list that should not be allowed to trade emissions auctions. 
 Per the note below from Brent, I am going to inactivate this master.  Also, per his note, it appears you should make a note to review the credit prior to approving any future trades. 
 Gracie,  My confirmation of the class showed the 8/8 and 8/9.  You may want to go in and check your schedule. 
 I had Calpine Power Services Company shut down for financial, and we got the master in signed, so I am going to open them up.  Can you add them to tomorrow's list.  Thanks! 
 I don't know what list you are working from for your approval of credit derivatives, but attached is the list EOL sent me.  Many of the counterparties on the list are London based credit counterparties, and I will not be reviewing those, but I thought you might want to take a look at this to see if it's jiving with what you're looking at.  When I'm done (probably some time at end of the day since I just got the list yesterday and it's due today!), I will be emailing my approvals to Mark Dilworth in London. 
 Just a reminder to send me a memo asking me to delete Bob Shultz as and EOL signatory and add Sheri Thomas in his place.  Much thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving Germany to the approved list for trading credit derivatives.  Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.  European jurisdictions which are are approved for trading credit derivatives:  Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and the U.K..  The European jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include:  France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Scotland, Spain, and The Netherlands.   For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches).   This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.  Canada is also not an approved jurisdiction for credit derivatives.  Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 
 To confirm our conversation, can you add "Credit Derivatives" as a new products to my database.  We will need the same drop downs as the other produsts (gas trading, financial trading, etc.).  Thanks! 
 I am aware that you need a list from me, I am working on it right now.  I just got the list from EOL yesterday and I'm reviewing it as fast as I can. My goal is to get it done by the end of my workday, so you should have it when you arrive in the morning. 
 There should be no question of duplication of ISDA Master Agreement or any other master swap agreements between Houston and London, because Houston's contracting party is usually Enron North America Corp. and London's contracting party is usually Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.  We cannot do business under each others' financial master agreements for legal and tax reasons.  ENA and Enron Canada Corp. can do business under each other's masters because the tax reasons that used to require us to separate out the business went away.  Further, Houston and Canada subsequently entered into a Services Agreement which sets forth the conditions upon which they can act on each other's behalf (necessary for tax and legal reasons). 
 Below is the list of the final work we need you to bid on for the downstairs apartment:  1.  Paint inside of bathroom cabinets 2.  Paint outside and inside of kitchen cabinets 3.  Fix bottom of drawer of kitchen cabinet located right of dishwasher 4.  Replace closet rod in front bedroom to match other closet's rod 5.  Hammer down shelf ends that are loose in closet in back bedroom 6.  Clean ends of door hardware that have drips on them. 7.  Rehang blinds (we'll have to buy new hardware for existing blinds and then I will have to buy new blinds if any were bent by the kids)  Did I catch everything? 
 Below is the list of the final work we need you to bid on for the downstairs apartment:  1.  Paint inside of bathroom cabinets 2.  Paint outside and inside of kitchen cabinets 3.  Fix bottom of drawer of kitchen cabinet located right of dishwasher 4.  Replace closet rod in front bedroom to match other closet's rod 5.  Hammer down shelf ends that are loose in closet in back bedroom 6.  Clean ends of door hardware that have drips on them. 7.  Rehang blinds (we'll have to buy new hardware for existing blinds and then I will have to buy new blinds if any were bent by the kids)  Did I catch everything? 
 We have some files in an empty cubicle that kinda look like global contract files.  They have global contract sheets and numbers attached to the front of the documents in the files.  If they belong to anyone in your group they need to be claimed now, because we are doing a cubicle restructuring this weekend and those files will be moved and if unclaimed eventually gotten rid of.  Can you have someone come 
 Mark says I need to talk to you about the Credit Derivatives confirmation process... 
 Please add TXU Energy Trading Company to list.  We had an old style "ERMS" master in place, so they weren't allowed to do power, but now we have an ISDA in place (even tho' Brant Reves threw out the new guaranty, but that is another story!), so I am going to open them up for weather. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  I am responsible for those counterparties originating from Houston Credit.  Edmund Cooper is responsible for the UK Credit based counterparties.  I am still resolving issues on about 8-10 counterparties.  If something doesn't make sense, let me know. 
 Can you let me know what the scoop is on those countries and I will update my memo.  Thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list:  Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, and Slovenia.  Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.  Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives:  Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K, and the U.S..  Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands.   For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches). This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.  Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 
 You are the best! 
 Why does it always have to be my deals...?!!! 
 We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX  Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan.  The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract.  It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend.  Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation... 
 We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm.  BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties.  I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ECC.  Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me.  Much thanks. 
 We have received the executed  Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000.  This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Updating another blue file because Susan B., this time, has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes! 
 It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably didn't see them at first.  I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up.  When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel. 
 I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London.  I communicated that to Bob Bowen.  He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business.  Wow! 
 Carol, will you handle this or Mark? 
 We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999.  This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master.  Copies will be distributed.  Confirmation Desk:  you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now. 
 Here's the list with the missing counterparties. 
 Yeah! 
 Probably... 
 I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power.  I'll need to talk to you about his Monday. 
 Hey guys, take Monday off! 
 ISDA has published the referenced supplement.  Among other changes, the supplement adds hundreds of new gas, liquids and power price sources.  Copies will be distributed to you. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Some comments:  We got a master financial agreement in place with Calpine Power Services  Company so it has been opened up to trade all financial.  Also, we replaced the old style "ERMS Master" with an ISDA, so I am opening TXU Energy Trading Company for all financial products as well.  For Trammo Gas, we got a letter from them a while back, reflecting under what  names they can do financial trading under (I sent you all an email about this about a month to two months ago).  That letter had the counterparty styled "Transammonia, Inc. acting through its  Trammo Gas Division".  I believe I already siad they could trade financial under that name.   Let's just be consistent about how we deal with these divisions... 
 David,  I know we've met before on your visits to Houston, I am a paralegal in the ENA Legal Department, in the Swap Group under Mark Taylor.  I am the lead contact in ENA Legal for counterparty approvals and day to day trading issues for EnronOnline.  I coordinate responses for the whole Legal Trading Group (financial, physical, power and emerging markets) with the EnronOnline and Credit teams.  I understand from my EnronOnline team that I am going to need to approve financial trading for all my Houston based counterparties a week from Friday.  Right now that list stands at about 600 counterparties (already trading).   I was hoping you could direct me as to what restrictions, if any, we might have for financial trading in Australia.  Are there any restricted counterparties, such as governmentals, utilities, banks, dealers, etc., or any restrictions on the products traded (initially I know we are only trading financial power, although I'm sure the list will expand over time).   Have your GTC's been drafted with cross-border trading in mind?  Similarly, I assume there will be Australian counterparties signing up to trade, and the commercial team will want them approved to trade the whole range of EnronOnline products.   Are there any provisions we must add to the form of North American product GTCs if our counterparties trade a North American product from Australia?  Do we have any tax issues or language we need to cover?  Our standard form of GTC includes New York law and arbitration.  Will that be enforceable in Australia?  Are there any issues we need to address if we require collateral (a guaranty or letter of credit) with respect to a trade?  Thanks for your help! 
 I am still the person who does the NYMEX filings.  They are due the end of July, so we should probably target them to be done a little earlier, since we always seem to need more time. 
 Sheri,  I need the trade date so I know what to date the termination. 
 I sent the documents to Paul Davis on March 6. 
 Actually, bluebonnets bloom for a short time, maybe three week early in the Houston Spring, in March, after heavy Spring rains have gone on for a bit, and when the temperature is in the 60's to 70's.  They would get fried and fade in the heat of a Houston summer.  However, I don't know the temperatures and rain condition of your summers, and what time of your year would replicate those conditions. 
 Per my conversation a minute ago with the Koch lawyer in Kansas, Tye Darland, "Koch Hydrocarbons, Inc." is a bad name.  The correct legal name for this counterparty should be the same as it is set up in our Master Swap Agreement database:  "Koch Industries, Inc., acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division".  I have called the Koch trader, James "Doug" Peters (713/544-5938, ext. 5602) , and asked him to resubmit the Password Application with the name corrected.  Please show this correction in your records as well. 
 Please take me off your distribution.  I already bought my new car.  Thank youl. 
 I understand from Mark that in order to open up the utilities to trade financial, we will need to amend the GTC's to add some additional reps and provisions.  Do you have a timetable for when we will be able to do that? 
 Did you forget something in your email? 
 Several things are not very clear to me and I need to run them by you.  1.  From your email it appears to me that there would be no legal reason prohibiting your Australian based counterparties from trading all of the products we offer, however, except for financial Australian power, the contracting Enron entity will have to be the party referenced on the particular product.  It appears that the only product Credit has currently opened the Australian based counterparties to trade anyway is Australian financial power.  2.  Will you be approving the Australian based counterparties for trading? Dave Forster appears to want me to approve Australian based counterparties too, which doesn't make sense to me and Mark Taylor.  What are your thoughts on this? I guess EnronOnline just does not want a third Legal contract they are going to have to deal with on an ongoing basis.  FYI,  I currently do not approve the London based counterparties.  3.  The Australian company number.  Does that have to go on every confirmation done with an Australian counterparty?  If it does we will need to make sure that it gets put on every confirmation.  It is my understanding that the confirmations for online trading will be generated from Houston so we will have to provide every company number to the Houston Confirmation Desk.  FYI, tomorrow at the end of the day is my drop dead time to get all the counterparies approved, because the information will have to be loaded in by London when they arrive for work Friday morning. 
 As you may or may not be aware of, tomorrow is the drop dead date for approval of the referenced new product for our existing approved counterparty list.  Thinking through this product today and reading through my various emails from David Minns, I have come to the conclusion that there are no particular issues specifically relating to Australian financial power, and my thinking is to just mirror the approval for some other previously approved financial power product.  I can't, obviously, speak for you, but it seems to me that that should work for your counterparty lists too.  What do you think?  The list I am working off of is the list generated for Credit Derivative approvals (which is the most somewhat current list of counterparties who have been issued passwords). 
 Mark Taylor, who is in Amsterdam this week, just left me a voicemail reflecting a conversation he just had with Dave Forster, and asked me to relay the following information to you (don't kill me, I'm just the messenger)...  With respect to your form of online GTC:  It need to be revised, per Dave Forster by Monday, to be expanded to include the provisions necessary that will enable a non-Australian based counterparty (a counterparty could be U.S., Canadian, European or other country based), who may or may not have an ISDA Master Agreement in place, and may or may not have credit in place, to do a financial power transaction with Enron Australia.  In that regard I am attaching as a template, our form of online "Deemed ISDA" GTC (for a weather transaction, the only type of financial transaction where we adopt the ISDA documentation instead of using our own form of confirmation).  As you can see when you look at our "Deemed ISDA" form of confirmation, there are a number of provisions that our Deemed ISDA form of confirmation includes, such as authority and tax representations, "arm's length transaction" reps, acting as a principal rep, the deletion of section 2(c)(ii) of the ISDA Schedule (netting "in respect of the same transaction"), no language that each party has a copy of the ISDA form and has read it and understands it, your deletion of language re: written confirmations, definition of "Transaction" meaning the GTC+ISDA form+website terms, "Website" (uppercased) is a defined term under the Password Application, we usually say "Loss" instead of "Market Quotation", also,  Market Quotation and Second Method will apply for the purposes of Section 6(e), a question, do we need the word "integrated" with respect to the rerenced that the documents contain a "single agreement" to fall under the U.S. bankruptcy swap protection?, no ducment conflict provisions, missing our "severability" and "setoff" language, no adoption of the 1991 or 1993 Commodity definitions, business day defined as Sydney only, etc.  Of course, you do not have these in your form of GTC, because they are or will be covered in your executed ISDA Master Agreement, but it is likely counterparties outside of Australia may not have a master swap agreement in place.  I spoke to Steve Douglas in Tax, who is out of town today and was going to talk to Susan Musch about the tax issues and I hope to hear from him tomorrow.  After all the above, I just have to say...we really do appreciate your help resolving all these issues... 
 Debbie,  Thanks for the heads up on this.  I've been trying to get David Minns for several days about various issues.  Keep me posted. 
 I'm working on the Merrill/Belco assignment of trades with, I guess, Sara. Mark Taylor signed off yesterday on the assignment that appears to again have been executed by Fred without Legal's initials.  It appears the date Fred signed it is about the time Mark Taylor talked to him about not signing contractual documents without Legal's initials.  There appears to be two differences in the redone confirms Merrill sent us: (1)  they added a Fallback Reference Price, and (2) they have changed the settlement and/or payment dates in the confirms.  Bernice said Sara signed off on a similar Fallback Reference Price in some confirms she had previously done with Merrill, so I briefly discussed this with Sara before she had to leave for lunch.  We'll look at it some more after lunch.  On the change in the settlement/payment dates, I told Bernice they were changing the deal and she needed the business guy on the transactions to sign off on that change.  She was going to take the confirms to Fred and get him to sign off that that is what he's agreed to.  Now, if Sara doesn't know anything about the additional Fallback Reference Price, we'll obviously have to take that back to the dealmaker to sign off on too.  Are you also working on this?  So that's what's going on... 
 Per an earlier conveersation with Dave, ee weren't quite sure if you have seen a listing yet of all of the products we offer online, so I am sending you one of our excel spreadsheets which has at the top of it all of the products we offer, as well as the Enron entity that a counterparty would enter into the trade with. 
 Attached is the list reflecting the approval of the initial Australian counterparties to trade Australian financial power only.  David Minns will have to get back to us about all the other products!  For the current U.S. list of counterparties, just mirror the approvals for "US Power Financial Swaps".  I will review the list Debbie is sending me tomorrow to see if any of her approvals conflicts with my earlier approvals, but I think we should be fine. 
 Thanks for returning my message.  I had an Australian issue come up and anyone who was familiar with Australian law was unreachable and I was in an absolute panic.  But as things usually do, this problem worked itself out too!  As usual, I am always humbly in your debt... 
 I have developed a database in which I keep track of the counterparties Legal has approved, any supporting rationale for approval of each counterparty (I 'm giving away my secret that I just don't approve them on on pure whim!) and the products such counterparties are approved to trade.  Additionally, at the bottom of each entry there is a listing of any amendment to the Password Application, ETA , GTC, or any other online documentation.  The information for the financial products is pretty accurate (I may have missed an entry here or there in trying to enter 6 months of memos and excel spreadsheets.  If I have missed a counterparty let me know).  The information for Power has been updated only since this database was in production, about 6-7 weeks ago.  I am going to have to go back and input the power data from the original approval lists.  As for gas trading and emerging products, we have never yet had a counterparty that we have had an issue with, so no information has been entered for those products. You should count them as being approved for everything.  Eventually, if we continue not to use those dropdowns, I will delete them.  I don't know if you will find this information helpful or not, take a look and I will be glad to hear any input.  Obviously, we are all working out the kinks and finding out what is useful and what is not useful as we go along, so this database may evolve over time.  The only people who should have change access are the Legal team (Mike Neves:  Mark Taylor, Carol St Clair, Leslie Hansen, Marie Heard and myself). Let me know if you have change access by mistake.  On a closing note, please try to keep the information in the database confidential to the group we have granted view access to. Do not forward this email on to anyone as it will grant access without my approval.  Much thanks! 
 I would like to take responsibility for the technical side of this, but in all honesty I must admit I'm just the idea guy...(I'm know I'm breaking all your illusions about me today, I'll have no more secrets!) 
 1.  Per my discussion last week with David Minns, I sent him a spreadsheet so he could scroll across the product list and see the full range of products EnronOnline offers so he could determine whether an Australian based counterparty will have any legal problems entering into any of the EnronOnline products.  It was my understanding that he had not seen a comprehensive list off all the products we offer.  2.  However, on a going forward basis, David Minns or someone in Legal will need to see the daily spreadsheets reflecting any new Australian based counterparties because every new counterparty requesting a password needs a Credit and a Legal signoff for trading every products we offer, whether physical, financial, power, gas, liquids, weather, p&p, US, European or other country based product, etc..  Houston Legal does it every day for every new Houston Credit based counterparty, London Legal does it every day for every new London Credit based counterparty and Australian Legal will need to do the same.  If some other system will be in place in Australia, David Minns will need to discuss that with Mark Taylor and David Forster. 
 Please find attached referenced lists.  It is not clear to me yet how we are going to deal with Australian approvals, so I think at this point you need to look to Australia for approval of their counterparties.  Also, there were no counterparties to approve on 3/16/00 so that list is not attached.  I haven't said it in a while...but no European power for US counterparties... 
 Now might be your time to plant!  I'm already miserable with the Houston summer heat.  It's already in the high 90's with high 90 humidity.  After 4-5 more months of this it's going to get pretty old!  How's little Sophie.  Any new cute things she's doing you need to tell me about? 
 Mark,  I discussed this issue Friday with Paul, however, since it is an issue I am not entirely knowledgeable about, I think Paul should run this by you... 
 Lou,  I left Mark Tawney a voicemail to call me re: the ISDA sample form.  I'll need to know a little bit more about the company so I send them the right form. 
 The NYMEX has approved all of your applications and you should all have access to the system and be able to trade (everyone except Dana Davis, who still needs to complete his training).  Please let me know if you cannot log in.  I spoke to the NYMEX a minute ago and there is no reason from their perspective why you should not be able to log in. 
 I have tried to call him directly but he was not available. 
 Yes, I left him a voicemail telling him I needed to know a little more about the counterparty so I could make sure i send them the right form (are they US or non-US counterparty, insurance company, energy company, etc).  Also, the name and address of his contact and I will send it directly if he would prefer that. 
 We have received an executed amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated March 20, 2000.  Copies will be distributed. 
 I will be out Friday afternoon and Monday afternoon for my termite and house inspections for my new house. 
 Per my voicemail, the attached confirm is still a moving target with the tax lawyers, I'll be in touch once we resolve the tax language. 
 I have been given the name of your company by a consultant we have hired to advise us on sofware systems to manage our physical and financial confirmation process and ISDA Master Agreements.  I have also seen information on your company in the January 1999 issue of Risk Magazine.  I am a Senior Legal Specialist in the Legal Dept. and am looking at software systems that can help us manage our documentation needs.  If you are unfamiliar with our company,  Enron is the largest integrated marketer of energy in the United States.  We have a Web Page located at www.enron.com.  Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. is the marketing affiliate of our parent, Enron Corp.  I would like to obtain marketing material about the services you provide, and after I have a chance to look at the information, would like to talk to you or a representative from you company in some depth.  I am located in Houston, Texas and my phone number is (713) 853-3399.  Thank your for your attention herewith. 
 We discussed your training in our group meeting yesterday, and Mark gave me the go ahead to do a training, preferably a lunch training, sometime in April.  If you could get together with the members of our team and send me an email of any items in particular you would like addressed, we will try to address them in our training.  Also, if you could get some dates for me we'll check them against our schedule.  Would your group organize this lunch or ours?  How many people are we talking about.  Only Global Contract or Global Counterparty too?  Let me know the details so we can start planning... 
 Per my discussions with Leslie Hansen and Dave Forster, please restrict Australian based counterparties from trading US physical power on a going forward basis.  To the best of our knowledge, no Australian based counterparty has been granted a FERC license to trade physical US power. This situation, of course, can change if a counterparty were to provide us evidence of their FERC licensing. 
 On the list for 3/20/00, the only counterparty I am responding for is Carthage Energy.  Eventually I will be making the Australian responses, but we are not there yet.  On the 3/21/00 list, National Energy was amended, and I had no changes to my previous approvals.  Western Resources is an amended counterparty and I am opening them up for all financial and power. 
 I spoke to Harry Collins, one of our emissions lawyers, and he said there should be no problem trading emissions with a governmental entity on the emissions auction website, as long as they can trade emissions generally.  If you have any specific questions, call Harry Collins at x39692. 
 We have received the following executed Master Agreement:  NOTE:   This master appears to have been signed in 1996 and didn't make its way down to Houston until now.  Type of Contract: Master Agreement (ECT Canada Form)  Effective Date:  06/16/95  Executed Date:  06/24/96  Enron Entity:  Enron Capital and Trade Resources Canada Corp., now known as Enron Canada Corp.  Counterparty:  Originally, NOVAGAS CLEARINGHOUSE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, now through name changes and merger, DYNEGY CANADA INC.  Transactions Covered: Energy price swaps or option transactions only (no pulp & paper, weather, interest rate & currency or FX)  GLOBAL CONTRACTS:  We need to get this master inputted immediately into the EnronOnline System so all of the confirmations for ENA and ECC will immediately roll up under this master.  CONFIRM DESK:  Please immediately start rolling up all the ENA and ECC trades under this master, whether online, offline, or brokered trades. 
 Novagas has a long and tortured history...when you've got a few hours and want to be incredibly bored I'll share it with you.  Let's just say that Canada has been the only one aware of this signed master.  You can quote my somewhat eloquent words "if it ain't in Legal it ain't!" 
 You have been getting the excel spreadsheets on new counterparties now for several days, and at an agreed time I would like to include your approvals in with the rest of Legal's.  Right now I am still telling the EnronOnline people that they have to look to Australia for approvals.  Once we are in agreement about the parameters of my responses, and who your backup is, we can agree on a date when I will start responding for Australia too.  The theory will be that once I send you the email you will have 24 hours to respond or I will consider all the online products approved for Ausralian counterparties.  Because of the time change issue, I think we need to make the time my approval will go out 4:00 p.m. the next day (which will be your morning) from the transmittal of the list. 
 In connection with an internal audit regarding the safekeeping of margin funds and securities, Enron Corp. has asked us to provide them with a list of all the exchanges we trade on, what rules govern those exchanges and the products we trade on them (in particular the clearing arrangements), and any rules that govern brokers we may maintain funds or cash with.  This should include all the products we may trade/hedge over an exchange including energy commodities, interest rates, currencies, equities, etc.  Can you please provide this information no later than Friday of next week. Much thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Kathy Bolan at PG&E Energy Trading, Canada Corporation (and my confirmation thereof with Messrs. Suttle and Bowen), all cross-border trades between PG&E Canada and ENA should go under the master between PG&E Canada and ECC. 
 Thank you for your help.  I look forward to hearing from your U.S. person. 
 We have received the fully executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999 between ECC and the referenced counterparty. This First Amendment adds the British Columbia Securities representation to the ISDA Master Agreement.  Confirm Desk:  You no longer have to add this representation to every confirmation. 
 I have not started responding for Australia yet. 
 Can you add Paul Radous in Credit with full edit capability to this database.  Much thanks! 
 Entergy Power Marketing Corp. has applied for a Password and has asked us to give them a "comfort letter" stating that the current trading with them will go under the respective master for the product and not the online GTC.  I have spoken to Credit and we are trading financial gas, physical gas, and physical power (through EPMI).  Can you please let me know first, if you have a master agreement agreement in place with this counterparty would it govern the product or would we need to use an override letter and if the master agreement will govern the trades, please provide me the exact name, parties and date of the contract.  Obviously, as usual with online matters, this is a RUSH. 
 As usual, you are the best! 
 Can you add the referenced counterparty to the next list.  We just got a master in signed with them and they cannot trade weather, pulp & paper & fx. Much thanks! 
 Per my conversation with Kathy Moore this morning, please open the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products. 
 Ughh... 
 Mark said you would know who it is in London that prepared a "script" for your traders on what to say on the phone when transacting a deal.  Liz Sager is working on some training mid-next week for the power desk traders and needs to prepare a similar script for them.  If you could let me know who to contact I'd appreciate it.  Thanks for your help! 
 Thanks for your help in getting this done.  You're a star! 
 Mr. Holtz,  At the request of Fred Lagrasta, I am enclosing a sample copy of the referenced Master Agreement.  This agreement is subject to Legal and Credit review of the counterparty.  If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399 or Fred at (713) 853-6529.  We look forward to hearing from you.     Tana Jones Sr. Legal Specialist 
 Can you add the referenced counterparty to the next list.  We got a signed master agreement in place with them and I need to change the approvals. Thanks. 
 Can you please add the new credit person below for full edit priviliges to the Financial Trading Agreement  database.  Much thanks! 
 Did you notice on the spreadsheet for 3/27 they opened a new power product, US East Power Phys Firm ICAP? 
 Do you have any idea what David is trying to get at! 
 I am flying, are you?  If you are on my flight I would be happy to have you drive to the airport with me.  If you need to know my reservations, I can email them to you. 
 Is everything OK? 
 You be the man!  Can you email or fax the trader guidelines Scott is talking about.  Much thanks! 
 I'm glad to hear that everything is good.  I'm so excited for you, you'll be a wonderful mother!   XXOO 
 Attached is the proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement with Platt's. 
 Some notes on the attached lists:  3/24/00 List - the first two counterparties have no Legal changes per my earlier approvals.  3/27/00 List-we just got the financial master in signed and they cannot do pulp & paper and weather under it. Ambac Assurance Corp. and Salomon Smith Barney AAA Energy Fund - I have a temporary "no" for them for financial products until I get more information on them to determine what they are and what they can do.  Per Credit, AMBAC only wants to trade credit derivatives, and Salomon Smith Barney is currently not an eligible swap participant and cannot trade any financial.  If we get a parent guaranty in that can change their eligible swap participant status. In the meantime I am trying to get more information on the fund to determine what if anything they can do.  3/28/00 List-I previously had them shut down for all financial but am opening them up.   I sent an email about that earlier this week. 
 On this Statoil Trade, I guess this is a physical trade done with ENA.  Can you do one of those handy dandy little sheets you do for me so I can attach them to my assignment.  I am forever in your debt... 
 Marie and I were just looking at the activities list for the Legal Conference and noticed you were signed up to "relax at the resort".  Not to get you worked up or anything, but there is a huge outlet mall just outside San Antonio, and there would be no shortage of cheap britches to be found!  After all, it has been a few years since you cornered the market when you were here, and you probably need to keep up with the latest fashions.  (Not to belabor a dead horse, but again style watchers are telling us that the fashion for Spring and Summer for men will be knee length "pedal pushers".)  We look forward to seeing our favorite Englishman (delete this message after viewing, we don't want the other lads to get jealous!) 
 Attached is a proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced party. 
 Obviously Frank, you are trying to kill me...! 
 What ever happened to that CGAS certificate we were trying to get in connection with my swap agreement?  Last note I had was that resolution we were trying to get requires approval of Board for each trade and you were going to talk to Mark about how to resolve this.  Was it resolved? 
 David has sent us a memo re: Procedures for Approval to trade in Australia that I think you will find helpful. 
 I continue to say "no" for financial because they are not an eligible swap participant.  For a counterparty to become an eligible swap participant if they are not one in their own right, they would have to post an up front letter of credit fully covering their trading PRIOR to doing any trades.  So this ball is in Credit's court. 
 Per your request... 
 Sounds good to me!  Saturday, 8:00 am at Buffalo Grille it is! 
 Attached is the referenced Confidentiality Agreement.  I hope to have the Fieldston one to you shortly. 
 Attached please find the referenced agreement. 
 Per the request of Sara, attached is the form of US online GTC (w/collateral). 
 We have received notice that the referenced counterparty is updating its phone system and is changing all of its phone numbers.  I am sending a copy of the notice to the usual distribution. 
 The list of new phone numbers will be sent to my usual distribution for documentation, which includes Connie Sutton from Global Contracts.  As to what numbers they are replacing, they are replacing all the phone numbers we might have had across the board with this counterparty.  If you would like to see the numbers, obtain a copy of the notice from Connie Sutton.  As I just mailed it, it should get there in a few days. 
 Per my voicemail, attached is my list of agreements. 
 Your big opportunity appears to be here!  Some guy in the for sale database under misc messages is looking to put together a team for the year 2000. This is your big break... 
 Per my conversations with Tom and Frank, unless Credit specifically tells us that a counterparty is a credit derivatives counterparty, the online team should consider that all U.S. based counterparties are not approved to trade credit derivatives.  Credit will, in the same box where they put "declined" , "amended" or "division", put a note that says "credit derivatives" and in those circumstances only you should consider that I will be indicating whether or not the counterparty is approved to trade credit derivatives. Otherwise, I will not be putting an "X" in the box for each and every counterparty to say they can't trade credit derivatives.  I hope this makes sense to you, call me if it doesn't. 
 There is no change from my previous approvals for the only counterparty on the 3/30/00 list, so I am not sending that list.  On the list for 3/31/00, first, David Minns is in the Houston office today, so I gave the response today for the one Australian counterparty on this list.  We are meeting with Mark on Wednesday to try and figure out the approval process for Australia, so maybe after Wednesday I'll start responding for them.  Second, on this list please note that there are no counterparties that have been indicated as credit derivative counterparties, so none of the counterparties on this list should be approved to trade credit derivatives (even though I haven't "X'ed" them out). 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 3, 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement.  Copies will be distributed. 
 Attached are the Confidentiality Agreements for the referenced counterparties. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  Remember, no credit derivatives are approved for any counterparites unless Credit has indicated they are a credit derivative counterparty on the list. 
 We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated April 4, 2000 with the referenced counterparty amending the Electronic Trading Agreement .  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the executed copy of the amendment dated April 5, 2000 to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received fully executed copies of the following Confidentiality Agreements:  Energy Argus, Inc. dated April 5, 2000  AccuWeather, Inc. dated April 4, 2000  Copies have been faxed to the counterparties.  I will also send copies to Dave Samuels for your files. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, my note about credit derivatives not being marked, and also, I am still not responding for Australia yet on a going forward basis. 
 Are we trading with the referenced counterparty? 
 Russell,  In the future please put me on all notices about counterparty trading.  I am responsible for the Legal Department's approval of online counterparties across all product areas and need to know any limitations that might affect a counterparties' ability to trade.  Thanks! 
 Troy Black called me about that C.A. I passed on to you.  He said he needed it to go out today and also passed on words from the counterparty to the effect that the C.A. was "non-negotiable and that if we had any comments they need to be minor, or forget about it..."  There you have it! 
 We have executed a Letter Agreement dated April 10, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 She seemed very nice, like she would make a good employee.  I spoke to Liz Sager who, although she didn't directly work with her, got report from her old law firm of people that did, and Liz said to was extremely well liked, and very energetic. 
 I have a letter on its way to Mike Moscoso right now (interoffice mail).  We requested 5000 for nat gas any one month, but were only approved for an additional 2000.  So we went from 15,000 to 17,000.  Welcome back! 
 Attached is an updated list of the Confidentiality Agreements. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  I am not sending the list for 4/5/00 because all of the counterparties on that list were Credit declines. I have responded for Australia Legal on the 4/7/00 list.  Remember, no credit derivatives approved unless specifically indicated (which none are). 
 We do have it signed.  However, the Company's name was not correct in the agreement so I spoke to Wayne Greenberg and it said it was okay to go ahead and change the name on the C.A. he signed, and I just wanted to get a copy back from him initialled by the name change so we have a record of his agreement. 
 Bob, can you send me a copy of the EnronOnline confirm so I can prepare this.  Thanks! 
 Per Lotus Notes it appears that the above counterparty was acquired by Duke. I have sitting in my files the originals of both theirs and our guarantees. Do we want to keep these in place, mutually cancel them or what?  We sent execution documents to the counterparty and never heard back and put it on the inactive status. 
 I have not received any feedback from Edmund or David regarding the email below.  Can you please respond as I am getting daily prompts for a response. MUCH THANKS!  For Matt, your email stated that you trade over the IPE & NYMEX.  What rules, besides the rules of those two exchanges, might apply to any on or off exchange trades you might enter into.  For instance, here in the U.S. energy commodity trades might be governed by the CFTC, where out equity options might be governed by the SEC.  Besides the exchanges your email reflected, what other governmental rules or regulations would govern trades you might enter into? 
 I have not been getting a response from my outside the U.S. attorneys, so I just emailed them a reminder again, and tried to make them feel really guilty.  I hope that works! 
 Actually, we girls have that built in guilt gene, it just improves with age...but do I need to speak to your mother?  Is there anything you would like to confess...? 
 What can I say...?! 
 fax: ( 713) 646-3490 
 David,  What Australian laws besides the rules of the exchange would govern the trades? 
 Can you please prepare a print out for us of all the financial masters your records reflect and what type of agreement we have executed .  Thanks! 
 FYI,  To date, we have executed 21 amendments to ETA's. 
 We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement from the referenced counterparty and I have faxed it to counterparty today.  A copy will be sent to Dave. 
 Thanks for your response!  On online, when there are Australian counterparties I will just wait to hear from you and include your responses with mine (even tho you will  probably tell me they can only trade Australian power!).  Do you have a back up yet? 
 Oops, what a surprise!  When I went to file away my file on the CFTC Form 40, I noticed I already had a file in the regulatory cabinet where where had filed the form in 1995 and 1997.  Maybe we have to file these every other year? 
 We have received the executed Termination Agreement dated as of April 10, 2000 terminating the referenced trade.  Per the request of Jennifer de Boisblanc Denny, this termination was prepared because the customer hit the same product twice on EOL and two exact transactions were entered into the system.  I will send the original (fax) down to Bob Bowen for handling. 
 Attached is the referenced agreement.  Please do not hesitate to call me if I can be of any further assistance.  I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept.  My direct phone no is (713) 853-3399. 
 Mike,  Could you add two new categories of products to the database for me.  That would include the "Yes, Yes with Limits, and No" buttons and also a comment screen for the new products.  The two new products are:  Credit Derivatives and Bandwidth  Thanks!  By the way, I can't figure out how to move the Portland masters off the master swap list.  I think I am going to need your help with that. 
 will someone be sending us the report? 
 I look forward to seeing you!  As soon as I get the recipes, I'll forward them on! 
 Who is Legal requested the master? 
 Carol St. Clair had her assistant reserve EB46C1 on May 24 from 11:30 -2:00 for our luncheon.  Can you please confirm that that date is good for your group and also the total head count.  Suzanne will take care of ordering lunch for us.  Thanks! 
 Effective March 1, 2000, Aquila Energy acquired the assets of USGT (U.S. Gas Transportation Inc.) , with the acquiring entity being USGT/Aquila L.P.  USGT has assigned the Electronic Trading Agreement it executed with ENA to USGT/Aquila L.P.  A copy of the assignment will be forwarded to Frank Davis. 
 That envelope should probably go to Rob Milnthorp.  I'll have a copy walked down to John Lavorato here.  It is a list of all of our NYMEX positions, and the list should be provided by Rob to any traders trading NYMEX out of Canada. 
 What's your pleasure on the below guarantees? 
 I have nothing but the counterparty's request for assignment. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 12, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  For Tosco Refining Company, it should be set up as Tosco Refining Company, a division of Tosco Corporation. We need to get the incorporated entity on the hook. 
 There is an Australian counterparty on today's list. 
 No conflict with me.  I sent the date of the 24th to Anthony and asked him to confirm it with his people and get back to me. 
 Per our conversation, attached is the form of Amendment to the ETA, revised to reflect your correct name.  Also, while I was revising the document, I added today's date, and the page number and footer reflecting the document name.  Call me again at (713) 853-399 if you have any more questions, otherwise, I will await your fax of the signed amendment and bring it to one of our officers for signature. 
 Can you please add David Minns, a lawyer from our Australia office as an auhorized person with full privileges to the Master Swap Agreement Database (of course, only I should have keyword change and deletion ability). 
 tana jones will attend 
 Is your counterparty on today's list approved? 
 Edmund,  You are the only person I have now not heard from.  When can I expect to get your response? 
