 
 Mark,  I fully agree with you regarding general trends. I see  great progress in software applications that facilitate the process and make it almost painless to the end-user.  With you permission, I can show the material you sent me to my son, who studies computer science, and ask him for his view.  Vince 
 Phil,  Wednesday would work for me.   Vince 
 Jeff,  No problem. We shall invite her for an interview. A/A programs has real problems with logistics.  Vince 
 Anita,  No  problem.  Vince 
 John,  Please, take a look at this resume. One complicating factor: this person is under freeze (EI employee).  Vince 
 Elena,  Please, prepare for Mulong NG and power price series. We can use  Henry Hub for NG, Cinergy, Cobb and PV for electricity.  We can send him NG price right away. Electricity prices are different: he has to obtain permission from FT (Megawatts Daily). I shall cc you on my msg to him.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shelly,  I shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview.  Li was scheduled to meet with me last Thursday but  she never showed up. She did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up. I have not seen her resume.  Please, assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks. I have reserved March the 2nd for the meeting.  Vince 
 Elena,  Can you, please, help with these prices? Very urgent.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Kim,  I am sending you the presentations by Krishna and Y. Feng.  These presentations may be further modified by both Krishna and Youyi before Wednesday.  Vince 
 Mark,  FYI.  What about going to Wharton in October to attend the E-commerce conference?  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you coordinate these visits?  Vince 
 Vasant,  Can you send me the electronic version of the documents for Ben Gleason (cost of capital)? I would like to play with the numbers and check a few ideas.  Vince 
 Giuseppe,  It's great. What about Saturday, around 4:00 p.m.?  I shall send you the directions to my house.  Vince 
 Minor changes I made to Alex's paper.   Vince 
 http://www.france3.fr/ 
 Marge,  Barbara's coordinates:   Barbara Ostdiek Assistant Professor of Finance Jones Graduate School of Management Rice University 6100 Main Street - MS 531 Houston, TX 77005-1892  713-285-5384 (voice) 713-285-5251 (fax) ostdiek@rice.edu www.ruf.rice.edu/~ostdiek/ 
 Marge,  The person at Rice to work with is Barbara Ostdiek. Her E-mail address is below (on one of the messages appended at the bottom).   Vince     MARGE NADASKY 08/17/2000 10:13 AM 
 Andreas,  This looks OK. I look forward to receiving a formal confirmation from you.  Vince 
 CO 1051 Fri  2:22 p.m.  departure CO 488 Sun    10:55 p.m.  arrival Sun  Breckenridge  phone #  970 453 3156 
 FYI  Vince 
 Doug,  I shall be glad to meet you and help you with the project. My assistant will call you to set up a meeting latter this week.   Vince 
 Rudi,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No numbers.  Vince 
 Rahul,  I shall be glad to meet with you. Please, give me a call when you get here.  Vince 
 My phone number is 713 853 3848.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No info in this msg.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Thanks a lot. I really appreciate it. The text is below our usual standards but we are completely swamped with work here.  Vince 
 John,  Naveen's resume.  Vince 
 Krishna,  Niclas introduces himself as an associate in the Research Group. I think we should clarify his status.  Vince 
 Barabara,  It looks  great. It's a very nice design.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 http://www.math.ethz.ch/finance/ 
 FYI   Vince 
 http://dir.hotbot.lycos.com/Society/People/ 
 http://www.risklab.ch/ 
 http://www.math.ethz.ch/~baltes/ftp/papers.html 
 Ashley,  Another professor I contacted. His web page is http://are.Berkeley.EDU/~rausser/ Can we firm up the trip date? I shall be able to line up some meetings  Vince 
 Sam,  Let's go for Giuseppe amd Sean first.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Anita,  I need 15 minutes to explore if she fits the group. Please, schedule a meeting on Thursday, Aug 17.  Vince 
 Mike,  Bad news.  It may be necessary to go to Sydney.  Vince 
 Sam,  Do we have a new person to cover?  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Vasant, Please, take a look at this eresume.  Vince 
 Pierre-Philippe,  I have contacted Allison Bailey to ask her to move her visit to the campus to coincide with my presentation. I hope to hear from her soon.  Vince Kaminski  P.S.  Nice WEB site 
 Quentin,  I have just received another message from Sydney.  Phil Taylor from our office is Sydney is coordinating your  interview.  Thanks for the copy of your paper.  Vince 
 Mike,  Any comments?  Vince 
 Quentin,  I forwarded your resume to our Sydney office with a request to invite you for an introductory interview. I would also like  to arrange a phone interview with you sometimes next week. My assistant will call you regarding the timing.  Vince 
 Chris,  My evaluation form for Jeff.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Scott,  Please stop by when you visit Houston. Give me a few days' warning to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Vera,  We shall talk to the accounting group about the correction.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Grant just alerted me that I sent you only  part of the text.  Here is the full chapter with an aged version of Gran't part. What I sent you represents an update of his contribution.  Sorry for that.  Vince 
 Anjam,  I have another meeting. Please, talk to Grant.  I shall catch him in the morning to review where we stand.  Vince      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Shirley,  Please, reschedule.  Vince 
 Krishna,  We have to talk to Shirley and she will take care of it. Let's catch her ASAP.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Grant Masson, Ronnie Chahal and myself made a contribution to the book on energy derivatives to be published soon in Australia (a book by Clewlow and Strickland).  Given our growing workload and responsibilities, the quality of the paper is less than satisfactory. I would like to make sure that there are no obvious and embarrassing  errors in what we submit. I would appreciate if you could take a quick look at the chapter and give us the feedback (under the same arrangement as in the previous cases).  Thanks for looking at our storage model. I shall give you a call within the next few days to update you on our work and developments at Enron. Vince will start his senior year in 6 weeks. He wants to graduate and look for work: he thinks getting an advanced degree in his field makes no economic sense. He spent the summer building his own computer (1000 MHz clock speed). I was the unskilled immigrant worker toiling under his management.  I hope everything is well at home and that your wife's company is doing great.  Regards.  Vince 
 FYI  Bug in Adobe software.   Vince Kaminski 
 I shall interview this candidate next week (a very preliminary interview) to evaluate his potential and determine if he fits Enron's culture.  Do you see a need for a person with his skills in your area (litigation support)?  Vince 
 Craig,  Thanks for the feedback. Elena is doing really great  and I think that she will be a great Enron's asset.  Vince 
 David,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall check my schedule on Monday and will get back to you regarding the conference.  I hope you will a very Happy Easter.  Vince 
 Al,  Thanks. Confirmed for Wednesday, next week, 7:00 a.m.  Vince 
 Grant,  I agree. We shall give him an offer of a job in Houston (on the terms we discussed with)  plus an option to stay in London, if he does not like Houston.  His choice. I think we extended a very generous offer to him and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to Enron.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 I think you buy a SAS Manual, not a Manuel.   Vince Kmainski 
 Aram Sogomonian  Phone: (503) 813 5754 (w) 5608 (w) (503) 701 6692 (c)  (503) 675 1658 (h)   kweenmarys@aol.com 
 Blake,  I forwarded the Azure presentation to Greg Whalley recommending that he takes a look at it.  Vince 
 Greg,  Blake Johnson sent me this proposal (I think some of his friends are the founders of this group). It looks like a good project for Brad Romine to evaluate it.  Vince 
 John,  It's very interesting.  Thanks.   Vince 
 http://www-path.eecs.berkeley.edu:80/~ucenergy/PDFDown.html 
 Ashley,  The web site address of the prof at Berkeley I contacted.  http://www.ieor.berkeley.edu:80/~oren/  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, fax the resume to  Raymond.  Vince 
 Raymond,  Yes, Simon Hurst.  Vince 
 Karla,  August is a vacation month in France.  I would not count on a response any time soon.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Vasant,  Good enough. The last edition includes the discussion of price processes.  Vince 
 Joe,  I have written to Pal Quilkey to invite Christian Werner to Houston for a week to discuss how much of his research we can use.  Vince 
 http://pstemarie.homestead.com/ 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Karl,  Thanks a lot. I have passed this information to Grant Masson who worked here on a related problem. He will get in touch with you regarding this technology.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Sam,  Looks good.  Vince 
 Amy,  I think that Rick Causey wants simply to obtain more information to make a reasonable decision.  We should cancel the meeting for the time being and let Rick  obtain clarification of some issues from AA. I would agree that AA came up with a rather vague concept of what they want to accomplish.  Vince 
 Sam,  We shall Datren's paper.   Vince       Enron North America Corp. 
 Lee Choo 
 Sheila,  No, we have to go through the posting phase first. I shall ask Shirley to provide the job description.   Vince 
 Barbara,  Yes, I would  like to renew the subscription.  Thanks for the reminder.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 I am forwarding to you a paper by some UT professors. They approached us about the possibility of licensing this technology to us.  Under the nondisclosure agreement, we have to give them an answer in 90 days and tell them why we don't want to use it (if we decline the offer).  Please, don't circulate the paper to other members of the group without letting them know that it's confidential and should not leave Enron. In any case, please, let me know who else saw the paper. We should make sure that the circulation is limited so that it does not leak out.  Vince 
 Hi Kirstee,  Thanks again for all your work on MG. One think to double check is units. Please, make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in.  One potential source of confusion arises from the fact that we are dealing with different cultures (metric system vs. English measures).    Vince      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Hi David,  It was nice meeting you and Jana again. I hope you will have terrific vacation. It's likely to be very hot, wherever you go.  Vince  P.S. Our  e-mail addresses are  vkaminski@aol.com   and    ludkam @aol.com 
 anthonymends@hotmail.com 
 Mike,  Very interesting.  Vince 
 Peter,  Please, call me on Monday and we shall set u a conference call.  Vince 
 Julie,  No problem. It's your call but Chris should also be mentioned as number one.  Vince 
 Wendy,  I did not. I shall send somebody to your location to pick it up.  Vince 
 I am sending you an updated version of the MG VaR memo, following the discussion Grant and I had with Bjorn Thursday evening.  Please, let me know if you think more changes are required.  Vince 
 Tony,  Aug 26th 
 Steve,  I shall call you tomorrow about it. My preference is to move Anjam to Houston for some time. Anjam knows a lot about our business and specific positions and it's better to prevent a potential leak. I have discussed this issue with Dale and Richard  and  they concurred.  I don't  expect Anjam to act irrationally but it's better to be safe than sorry.  Vince 
 Stinson,  No  problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Thanks for your message. A call sometimes between 7:00 and 8:00 is fine. I come to the office around 7:00 traffic permitting.  Vince 
 Julie,  The introduction looks fine. I have made some cosmetic changes (typos and split infinitives that slipped by). You can safely ignore most o= f=20 them. English is not even my second language.  The corrections are in pink.  Vince 
 Scott,  I shall attend.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff,  I am sending you a recommendation regarding our cooperation with the Wharton School, following my visit with Tom Piazze in May. Tom is a Corporate Relations Officer at Wharton.  Recommendation.  I am writing to you to recommend joining The Wharton Partnership. The Partnership is an umbrella program established to coordinate Wharton School initiatives for industry-academic cooperation. Currently, the partnership supports alliances with approximately  200 companies worldwide.  The recommended annual contribution by Enron is between $100K-150K, that puts us in the top bracket of contributing companies, such as GE, Citigroup, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Intel, and many others.  The contribution is executed through grants to different research projects that would directly benefit Enron. The choice of the projects is at our discretion and can be changed over time depending on the business needs.  Benefits to Enron.  Enron can benefit from the Partnership by:  - gaining advance access to current academic research - significantly increasing our presence  and visibility on the campus, enhancing   our recruiting efforts - taking our message directly to influential academics who have significant influence on public opinion - gaining access to high quality executive education programs  Specific Programs.  The Partnership functions through involvement in different research projects. I have identified a few projects that will maximize the benefit to Enron.  1. WeBI (Wharton e-Business Initiative). This programs provides an umbrella for different initiatives in the area of curriculum development, research and corporate engagement related to e-commerce.  Main benefits: access to e-commerce research and enhanced recruitment opportunities.  2. Emerging Technologies Management Research Program. Interdisciplinary program addressing issues facing companies in new markets: managing intellectual property, participating in emerging technologies, selecting the optimal organizational structures.  Benefits to Enron: access to financial technology in the area of valuation of intangible assets and new forms of business organizations.  3. Risk Management and Decision Process Center. Development of techniques for assessment and management of non-traditional risks (risks outside the scope of traditional insurance contracts and capital markets instruments).  Benefits to Enron: access to new risk management tools, dissemination of information about our capabilities in this area.  Potential users of the program at Enron.  My group could coordinate the cooperation with the Risk Management and Decision Process Center.  Greg Whalley is a potential customer for WeBI. Several different units of Enron can be involved with  Emerging Technologies Management Research Program.  Vince 
 Elena,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Beth,  Yes. I would appreciate it.  Vince 
 Dale  I shall try to close the loop today or tomorrow.  I have already mentioned this to Anjam.  Vince 
 www.severancepackage.com. 
 Anjam,  Thanks.  Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Shirley,  We have not accepted him yet. I shall speak with him alone.  Vince 
 Sam,  We already subscribe to some titles here.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Beth,  Thanks.  Dhabol is one. There should be 2 more case studies we used. One about old EGS, the 2nd about TVA options.  2-3 copies will be sufficient.  Vince 
 Carl,  Thanks for the message.  My fax # is  713 646 2503.  Vince 
 Sean,  I think we should  invite Bruce for additional interviews. I think that he does not have the skills required in my unit, but he could contribute in other areas.  Here is the list of potential interviewees:  John Echols Ted Murphy Mark Ruane  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do you remember about Exceed?  Vince 
 Beth,  Thanks for the quick reply. I cannot access the body of the message.  Vince 
 John,  My new E-mail address is   vkamins@enron.com.  I am compiling the  information for you. I should be able to send it in a few days.  Vince 
 Beth,  I have a favor to ask. Do we have copies of Harvard Business School case studies about Enron? We use these case studies during Super Saturdays. I need a few copies. This is for Prof. John Martin.  Vince 
 Grant,  Who can look into it?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, make sure Jeff Shankman is notified.  Vince 
 Anita,  OK.  Vince 
 Anita,  The curent list  you gave me below is fine.  Vince 
 Sheila,  Done. Please, note. There are some bugs in the system. B. Glisan is listed as my supervisor.  Vince 
 Jeff,  The meeting is scheduled  for  Wednesday afternoon.  Vince 
 Quentin,  Thanks for your message. We are always looking for new employees with the right skills.  Please, send me your resume and I shall determine what is the best way to arrange an interview. We can interview you in Sydney and then bring you to Houston for another round of interviews.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send it to the entire group.  Vince  ****************************************************************************** ****************  This is another reminder about the responsibility we have as a group for cleaning the conference rooms after  meetings. For many  visitors to Enron a conference room maybe the first and the last exposure to the company.  Last Thursday, some members of the group left, leaving behind their lunch boxes on the table.  Please, don't embarrass me by having to point out to you that your mothers don't work here.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  One more minor change. This is the last version.  Vince 
 Sam,  This is the file for TC. Please keep in mind it's the third article in a=20 series.  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  That looks good. I am ready to take one class soon. I shall  check with Ludmila.  Vince 
 Looks good.  Vince 
 Sam,  I asked Stinson to review it. U should have it in 15 minutes.  Please, shoot me the column.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Kevin,  FYI  Vince 
 John,  For your information.  Vince 
 Sam,  Yes, I will contribute.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  We would like to bring this student as a summer intern (the last one, we are running out of space).  I shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates.  Thanks. I hope you have a very Happy Easter.  Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks. If you have an extra copy, please send me one.  Vince 
 Tom,  Can you send the info regarding SDDP to John?  Vince 
 John,  I saw it. Very interesting.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Vasant and I talked to Clayton about his request for transfer. Clayton received a conditional approval contingent upon completion of the current project he works on. Vasant will formulate exact definition of the deliverables and we will hold  Clayton  to it. If he fails to deliver the request for transfer will be rejected. Anything else would be highly demoralizing to everybody.  Clayton has so far produced exactly zero (no single output was delivered) though he was advertising the projects inside and outside the group as completed. I want you to be aware of it, because I have serious doubts regarding Clayton's integrity.  Vince 
 Rick,  Thanks for your message. I am familiar with the Computational Finance  program and value its high quality.  Please, call me next week. The best time is between 7:00 and 8:30  a.m. CST.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Jim,  Thanks. I shall drop him an E-mail.  Vince 
 Louise,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Clayton,  Thanks.  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 07/27/2000 03:08 PM 
 Shirley,  Please, request Exceed for all the members of the group.  Vince 
 Kevin, No prolem.  Vince 
 Richard,  Please, let me know what the timetable is. I would like to talk to Anjam a few days before to break the news to him. I hope I can save him for the company and offer him a position in Houston. We desperately need skills he has.  Vince 
 Shijie,  We would like you to meet tomorrow morning, starting at 9:00,  with a few members of the group. Around 11:15 we shall go to lunch (myself, Stinson Gibner and Zimin Lu). At 1:00 we would like you to make a presentation to the Research Group on the topic of your choice. After 2:30 we shall continue with individual meetings.  We shall give you an agenda with the names and times when you arrive.  You can come to the lobby of the Enron building (1400 Smith) between 8:30 and 9:00 and call me (3-3848) or my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (3-5290), to be admitted to the building. We are on the 19th floor.  Look forward to meeting you.  Vince Kaminski 
 Mark,  Steve's comment has many merits. I think Stinson Gibner and Grant Masson (physics Ph.D.'s) can help to identify academic and industry sources to validate some of the claims.  On the other hand, even if our guests were wrong by a factor of 2 or 3 in their time estimates, the technology they develop will bring about a technological revolution with enormous potential payoffs. It make sense to stay close to them and  to explore potential investment opportunities.  Vince 
 Mike,  Please, draft a message to JS, DD and JL outlining the AGA benefits and costs. This will be their decision.  Vince 
 Amy,  My bio.  Vince 
 Anita,  My version. Minor changes.  Vince 
 Stinson,  We can  offer him a job. The problem is, he has about 2 more years to go.  Vince 
 John,  I am writing to you regarding the management of the London Research group.  As you know, Dale Surbey, who was managing the London unit of the Research Group, is moving to EBS. Dale did a terrific job helping me to develop the pool of talent we have currently in London. Given that Dale is likely to be transfered to Houston,  it's time to nominate one member of the Research Group for a management position.   My recommendation is Steve Leppard. Steve emerged not only as the most technically qualified member of the group  but also as a natural leader, highly respected by his peers and internal customers.  Steve has a very high energy level and is very efficient as a manager and as  coach of new talent.  His promotion is likely to cause Anjam's departure form Enron. I value technical skills of Anjam, but in spite of my loyalty to him, don't think he is the same caliber as Steve. However, I would not like to lose him and think about moving him to Houston for 2 years. I think that the opportunity to work in Houston, would be a sufficient incentive to keep him in Enron. By the way, his performance feedback has greatly improved.  Please, let me know what you think.  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  The dress is casual.  In this restaurant we can sit outside (quite casual) or inside (more formal dress, but still casual).  I shall  also send you the directions to my home, just in case.  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  The trip was very interesting and I am still recovering.  On Friday we can meet at the restaurant. It's on the edge of the Woodlands. We can then go to our home and have drinks and chat.  The restaurant is:  Amerigo's Grill 25250 Grogans Park Dr Spring, TX 77380-2175 Phone: 281-362-0808  I have sent you an URL of the map of the part of the Woodlands where Amerigo's is located. It's a red dot on the map.  What about 7:00 p.m.?  Look forward to meeting you.  Vince 
 Anita,  An updated agenda. We still need Grant's bullet points.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, arrange a phone interview. Zimin, Stinson, and myself. He may be a good candidate for Tanya.  Vince 
 Wichai,  Thanks,  I have received the paper.  Vince 
 Phil,  I shall be in town through the rest of the week. Plesase, give me a call.  Vince 
 I shall be attending the bi-monthly meetings. We always have a significant number of associates rotating through my group and supporting different units of Enron.   Vince Kaminski     Enron North America Corp. 
 Cantekin,  Can you figure out the reason for cocoa beans VaR fluctuations? The same is true of aluminum. I assume this is the position change.   Vince 
 Osman,  Yes, but a visa may be a problem.  Vince 
 Ted,  We have the first running version of VaR model for the MG positions. Many thanks to Tanya and Anjam for taking lead in this effort. We had also great help from Cantekin and Kirstee. We want to validate some  inputs before releasing the number. Specifically, I want to make sure that both London and Houston work with the same position numbers every day to avoid confusion.  A few comments.  1. We plan to set up the models to run VaR concurrently in Houston (Cantekin)  and London (Kirstee) with the same inputs. The reason to do it this way is that we may have to respond quickly to multiple inquiries in both locations. (Cantekin and Kirstee, please stay in touch and synchronize the inputs ).  2. It is critical that we run the model daily and receive the updated positions and prices on a regular basis.  3. We shall continue work in Houston to improve the model. Two critical areas:  a. VaR model, by its nature, does not capture one big risk MG has in its portfolios. This is the liquidity risk resulting from different cash consequences of the hedges and the underlying positions. b.  We should go through due diligence to validate the process generating the position numbers (i.e. look into the details of specific transactions).  From what I know, MG has a fairly rudimentary risk management system and I am not quite sure how they generate option prices (and deltas). They get some option prices by calling brokers.  4. I think the current VaR is within 80-85% of the true number (assuming the inputs are right). But, as I have said, VaR does not capture all the risks that we have to worry about.  Vince 
 Sean,  Thanks. I appreciate it. Try David Port or Bjorn Hagelman.  Vince 
 Ted, Bjorn,  Any info about this position?  Vince 
 Mark,  One option is to talk to a number of physicists in my group who might be interested.  Vince     Enron Investment Partners 
 Grant   FYI  Vince 
 Dale,  Thanks for your message.  I was traveling last week and things were put on the back burner. You should see a letter to John Sherriff Wed morning (my time).  Vince 
 Barbara,  Yes, that would be fine.  Vince 
 http://www.kkrs.net/ 
 Rob,  Let me think about a good topic. You may also contact Steve Kean and ask the same question.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  Yes. It's really nice.  Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks. I shall try to pick up the paper tonight. The E-mail caught me in a better place than an air conditioned place. I am in Australia and it's winter here.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Iris  took another job.  Vince 
 Clayton,  We can discuss your request  when I come back to the office on Monday.  Regarding the trip to Portland. Such a trip requires an  explicit prior permission from your boss, myself in his absence, or Stinson in my and Vasant's absence. In case you did not ask for such a permission before, the request  is denied.   Vince       Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 07/20/2000 03:12 PM 
 Guillermo,  I am currently in Sydney with no access to my data base. You can find the info you need at www.riskbooks.com.  Vince 
 Eric,  I have the presentation  on my laptop  and I shall send you the presentation in a few days when I get my back to my office in Houston.  I am currently using the system as a guest in our Sydney office.  The  person I mentioned is Anthony Dayao.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, give them the details that are included in a standard   bio plus E-mail, phone number etc.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Yes. Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.  Vince 
 John,  I shall E-mail the information about SDDP  from Houston.  Vince 
 John,  I have the electronic versions of my presentations on my laptop. I shall E-mail both presentations to you tonight. Thanks for your interest.  Vince 
 Dale,  To follow up on my earlier message. Anjam expressed his concern that Sharad is holding off on our offer. I would consider bumping it up to 55,000 with a sign-on bonus. We badly need fresh talent.  I shall be in Australia next week. If you need any additional intervention from us, please, call Stinson.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  Grtant Masson looked into it.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks a lot. I am very glad about Jinbaek.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you, please, send my itinerary to Ludmila?  ludkam@aol.com  Vince 
 Raymond,  I shall call you on Sunday after my arrival in Sydney. Look forward to meeting you again.  I shall be ready to speak on all the topics you mentioned.  Vince 
 Guillermo,  My slides are attached. There were many other speakers at this conference. You can purchase the documentation from Energy and Power Risk Management.  Vince 
 Van,  I am leaving for Australia today.  What about the week of the 24th?  Vince    Van T Ngo                07/14/2000 10:23 AM 
 Lloyd,  No problem. I wanted to make sure that everybody realizes how detailed-oriented our tasks are and that we have to be in direct communication with our counterparties.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Sheila,  I  am attaching the list of people who are top retention priority. The list is in the spreadsheet and the names are in the highlighted cell (red background).  I am also attaching the resume you asked for.  Vince 
 Bryan,  Thanks for your question and the message.  I shall let you know as soon as we have a date for the next real options seminar.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Hedging with the underlying may be unconstitutional ever since slavery has been abolished.  Vince 
 Erin,  Thanks  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 The file 
 Bill,  We spent about an hour  with Rick explaining the rationale behind different= =20 solutions and I think he has a better understanding of the models at this point.  I think he was asked by Jeremy to look into it.  Vince 
 Kevin,  No problem.  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 John,  Like beauty, it's in the eye of the beholder. My experience is that sometimes people with unconventional backgrounds have most to offer.  Vince 
 Erin, Thanks.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Yannis,  Yes, very much. Please stop by this week or  during the week of the 24th. I am in Australia next week.   Vince 
 Erin,  A book by Martha Amram and Nalin Kulatilaka is an excellent non-technical introduction to real options and it contains all the most important references to more advanced books and papers. The book has an endorsement  by Jeff Skilling on the cover page.  The Research Group offered  several one-day seminars on real options and applications to the energy industry. We still have a few binders with the presentation materials available if you are interested. We plan to repeat the seminar sometimes in the fall. The first part of the seminar (about 4 hours in the morning) covers general concept of real options and their applicability to the energy business. The second, more technical afternoon session, covers stochastic processes used to model price uncertainty in the energy markets and specific case studies (valuation of natural gas storage facilities and of peaking gas-fired power plants).  The real options approach has been developed specifically to address the problem of making investment decisions under uncertainty. Nobody in this field claims that this is a perfect tool, but it represents a significant progress compared to other techniques developed earlier.  Discounted cash flow analysis that tries to incorporate uncertainty through analysis of several, in most cases, arbitrary scenarios (most likely, optimistic, pessimistic). These scenarios don't identify explicitly the risk drivers and don't specify the future proactive management decisions.  The real, option approach is very powerful because it allows to (1) capture uncertainty in an explicit way and  (2) to design investment projects that allow to exploit future positive developments and reduce future exposures to downside risk. This approach allows also create a link between investment decisions and future operational decisions. Forward-looking investment decisions create options that are exercised in the future through active management of a project.  The real options technology relies heavily on advanced statistical tools to come up with the representation of future possible states of the world. The real challenge is to use these tools in a sensible way. I have seen in my career (almost 30 years of applying mathematical tools to business and economic problems) many quants armed with powerful computers who reminded me of monkeys armed with hammers. The challenge is not to run mechanically  thousands of simulations based on arbitrary assumptions but to translate in a  creative   way the insights of people who understand specific  businesses into parsimonious quantitative models. It is especially critical to stress-test the assumptions of any model and to ask the question if the outcome of a model depends critically on any set of assumptions. If this is the case one should use common sense to examine the underlying assumptions. I remember that in the early eighties quite a few models simulated the dynamics of oil prices, but all the stochastic scenarios represented fluctuations around a very optimistic  upward trend. One would have been better off stepping back and asking a simple question what Economics 101 teaches about cartels and the dynamics of supply and demand.        Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  Please mark these dates on my calendar.  Vince 
 Dale,  I started drafting the letter to John. I shall send you a cc later this week.  Vince 
 Bring AER 
 I am forwarding the resume of Wendell Licon who works for Enron in the HR department (executive compensation). He used to be an FX trader. I am thinking about moving him to research when his current boss is ready to release him.  I think, however, that you should take a look at him as well and see if he fits your needs.  Vince 
 Zhendong,  Thanks. Please,send me your updated resume as well.  Vince 
 Beth,  I would appreciate it. See you at 11:45 tomorrow.  Vince 
 Rick,  The IT person Tanya would like to have dedicated to the MG effort is Ganapathy Ramesh.  Vince 
 Dale,  My recommendation is to make Steve the head of the research unit in London. We were talking originally about September but I think we should accelerate this process. Of course, Anjam will be very unhappy about it, but we cannot manage around him any longer.  I think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase. I would like to offer him a significant increase that goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility. A salary increase will also bring him closer to the market. We see the market for  technical people going through the roof in practically every location where we operate.  A contract is not a good solution in my view. It creates a sense of false security for both an employee and the company.  I shall send a message to John Sherriff with my recommendation. I shall cc you. I would appreciate if you could bring it up with John as well.  Vince 
 Beth,  I cannot read this message.  Vince 
 Anita,  Thanks. Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks for your message.  I shall be glad to attend the meeting (of course a lot may happen between now and then and we may have many unexpected developments in a company as dynamic as Enron).  I want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper.  Vince 
 Barbara,  My apologies. I was traveling and then we had the usual end of the quarter pandemonium.  I am sending you my presentations and would like to get back to you with some questions regarding your products.  Vince 
 Lance,  I could not open the attachment. I concur with Vasant. We always face a challenge with summer interns: we don't want to expose them to too much information. We typically look for a self-contained project and limit intern's access to additional information.  Vince 
 Molly,  We would like to hire this person for the summer (standard offer).  Thanks.  Vince 
 Chonawee,  There are many interesting papers on executive stock options.  Keep bugging me for them.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for Friday.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Thanks. I want to subcribe (see the list below).  Vince Kaminski 
 http://www.puc-rio.br/marco.ind/ro-links.html 
 Shirley,  Here it is.  Vince 
 Chonawee,  As I have pointed out, short-selling the stock may be a bad decision because of tax implications (ignoring the legal aspects).  Suppose the strike is $70 and you were granted an ATM option. You  sell short at $70 ten lots (one lot  = 100 shares). The price goes to $100. You lose $30 x 1000 = $30,000 on your short position. Option exercise gives you $30,000. This is before taxes. You pay taxes on your option income (it's treated as ordinary income). The tax is 28% x $30,000 = $8,400. You can use only $3,000 of your loss against ordinary income. This saves you only $840 in taxes.  Of course, if you have capital gains, you can use losses on your option position as an offset.  The remaining part of your capital loss  is carried forward and you get the tax benefits over time (less the time value of money), assuming you have income in the future (or capital gains).  Not so good.  By the way, valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options is a very interesting and difficult problem.  Vince 
 SAP   P00503778 
 Allen,  Let me try again.  Vince 
 Angelika.  Yes.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do you have a logo we can use? Plz, fwd it to her.  Vince 
 Mike, Craig, Lucy,  No problem. The last Issue I have is June. GD may have been referring to the July issue. We can ask Ed on Wednesday. I would also take his advice with a grain of salt.  Vince 
 Julian Rose 15 Greenwich Hills Drive Greenwich, CT 06831   Phone:  (203) 531 0691 (h) 
 Shirley,  Please, forward to the Research Group and confirm I shall come.  Vince 
 Margaret,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Joe,  In case you have not seen it.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Yes, I am available. Please send a resume to Shirley Crenshaw. Shirley will call you to set up the time.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put Oleg Bodnar on Jeff Shankman's and John Arnold's schedules for an interview. He should be already on John Lavorato's schedule.   Vince 
 Sam,  Which one? Can you send it to me?  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ronnie, The file.  Vince 
 Beth,  I could not access the document.  Vince 
 Sevil,  Grab me on Monday.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Let's act on it.  Vince 
 Toni,  Thanks.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Lloyd,  Yes, this would be very useful. I was told that we should not do any official business with MG until July 15. I don't want to violate those rules of engagement and go beyond casual contacts. After the 15th all the stops are off.  Vince 
 SS #  zqy6f958 
 Liz Purcell    Phone: (713) 582 3707 
 Lloyd,  I think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead. I don't see a  justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we have an alternative solution.  Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Confirmed  Vince Kaminski 
 Hi Van,  Thanks for your message. Please, stop by and say Hello.  Vince    Van T Ngo                06/30/2000 04:03 PM 
 http://www.weathereffects.com   enron  stros00 
 Brenda,  What test are we supposed to carry out? Is Monday next week OK?  Vince 
 Jana,  Friday, July 28th works for us. We can work out details closer to the 28th.  If you take  Hardy Toll Road, you will need about 40-45 minutes to get to the Woodlands on Friday after 6:00 p.m. I shall send you detailed directions later.  Look forward to seeing you again.  Vince 
 Correction,  Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM.  Vince Kaminski 
 Dale,  Confirmed.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Paul, Raymond,  Thanks for your message. Sorry I did not get in touch  with you earlier. The last few weeks were very hectic. I am starting right now my preparations for the presentation I am going to give at the conference.  Here are the details of my itinerary (I shall send you a copy tomorrow). I arrive Sunday morning and leave Saturday morning. The conference takes place on Monday and Tuesday. On Wednesday, I am making a presentation at the workshop on value-at-risk. I would like to stay at the conference for the duration: it's a great learning opportunity for me.  On Thursday and Friday, as well as in the evenings (except for the evening of July 18), I am at you disposal. I would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as I can about the Australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda. I shall be glad to make several presentation. I can repeat my workshop presentation on value-at-risk as well as cover additional topics.   Vince 
 Cindy,  October 11 would work for me. This is the date of my visit to Austin  to make a presentation Ehud's MBA class. If you need me to go to Austin an a different day, please, let me know. I shall be glad to help you, my schedule permitting.  Vince 
 Stinson, Helyette can be reached at 413 549 5071  and Geman@math.umass.edu.  Vince 
 vincek longrun   vkaminski  Password: rmgsite. 
 CERA   VKaminski  italia 
 Shijie,  A note: in both cases makes a reservation explicitly at a DOWNTOWN hotel. There are hotels with the same names elsewhere in Houston.  Vince 
 Shane,  Monday would work for us.  My assistant will contact you Wednesday to arrange the interviews.  Vince 
 Michael,  Please, contact Zimin Lu.  Vince Kaminski 
 Jim,  I agree with you. It just burns your time and mine. I shall take care of it when Ravi comes back from vacation.  Vince 
 George, John,  We shall notify you about the location.  Vince  P.S. Shirley, please add George and John to the list (Grant, Alex, Sevil as well). 
 Julie,  Thanks. It feels awesome to have so much power.  Vince 
 Jim,  Clarification regarding Shalesh' transfer to EBS.  The request to rotate Shalesh out of Research into EBS came from Ravi Thuraisingham. My understanding was that it was fully coordinated with you and I was more than happy to oblige.  Shalesh is concerned that his integrity is being questioned and I can assure you that he was not the instigator of the move.  My impression is that Shalesh is doing a very good job and Ravi is very happy him. I shall be glad to keep him in the Research Group in his current role.  Have a good 4th of July.  Vince 
 George,  Would you like to take a like at the service (see below). The meeting is on July 12 at 2:30 (19th floor).  Vince 
 Ed,  Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me.  I shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com. I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you copy and paste it and send it to the entire group?  Vince 
 David,  Can you use my MM funds to cover thislast purchase? I need to request another check from PWJ and it takes always time.  Vince 
 Molly,  My recommendation letter.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Very interesting, I would make a point that the generation demand is highly volatile  and driven to a large extent by weather. Also, the changes in the structure of gas demand require development of different types of storage (more peaking storage).  Vince 
 Scott,  FYI. From Le Monde Diplomatique.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any interest?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Barry,  Stinson forwarded your message to me. I am meeting Ted Murphy today and I shall bring it up with him. We have unit at Research (Tanya Tamarchenko, reporting to Grant Mason) who is responsible for V@R support.   Vince 
 FYI Vince 
 Mike,  Please, take a look at  it. Can we give him some useful comments to establish a relationship?   Vince 
 Sam,  Thanks.  I shall write one.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  What about Friday ro Saturday night (your choice).  Vince 
 Tom,  Greg's phone number is 713 853 5220. He is very difficult to reach (frequent trips).  You may find this information useful: Greg is a West Point graduate and spent a few years in the  military, before obtaining an MBA from Stanford. He is a very dynamic person and a very pragmatic thinker.  I hope you have a great holiday weekend.  Vince 
 Clayton,  It translates into a credit risk for those on the other side of the hedge. Many producers have a long history of poor timing of hedges. I could give you quite a long list. They definitely need a bright adviser who will tell them the price of gas two years from now.  Vince        Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 06/29/2000 01:02 AM 
 FYI,  My message to RISK.  Vince 
 Li,  I shall take care of it Thursday.  Please, call me at the end of the day.  Vince 
 Laura DeShazer=20 OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE=01;=20 www.ogjonline.com=20 800.874.1510 phone=20 918.831.9120 fax=20  vince vince 
 Greg,  Dale Nesbitt is a consultant who develops pricing models (spot and fwd) prices for E-commerce sites. He will be in Houston in the beginning of July. Any interest in meeting him?  Vince 
 Ed,  I shall be available on both days. What about Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00. Please, let me know what time would work for you.  It will be nice to see you again.  Vince  P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL? 
 Dale,  Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. I shall talk to the head of our B2B unit on Friday this week and shall remind him about your visit.  I hope he can make a decision at this time whether he is interested in pursuing this opportunity  Vince 
 Tom,  I am sending you the information about our new B2B unit. I have talked yesterday with Greg Whalley who is heading the new unit about the E-commerce project at Wharton and recommended that Enron join this program.  I have sent him this morning a copy of the materials you gave me.  The meeting with Jeff Skilling has been pushed till the 2nd half of July. I talked to him briefly twice that Jeff Shankman and I want to discuss with him building a relationship with Wharton. Jeff Shankman is, by the way, a great friend of your institution.   Vince  ****************************************************************************** ***********************  COMPANIES & FINANCE: THE AMERICAS: Enron sees bricks and bytes mix reshaping energy market: Purchase of MG only a start in building B2B platforms, writes Hillary Durgin:     COMPANIES & FINANCE: THE AMERICAS: Enron sees bricks and bytes mix reshaping energy market: Purchase of MG only a start in building B2B platforms, writes Hillary Durgin: 99% match; Financial Times ; 16-Jun-2000 12:00:00 am ; 604 words By HILLARY DURGIN  If Jeffrey Skilling is right,  Enron's acquisition of MG is only the tip of the iceberg. Enron's president and chief operating officer is engineering a fundamental strategy shift at the Houston energy company, aimed at making it a dominant "new economy" player across various industrial markets.  The Dollars 446m acquisition last month of MG, the UK-based metals trader, is only the first of more than Dollars 1bn in estimated new investments the company is targeting. It is seeking vehicles on which to build business-to-business (B2B) platforms in sectors such as logistics, chemicals, agricultural products and pulp & paper.  Mr Skilling wants to take the business model the company developed in natural gas and power and apply it to other wholesale commodity markets. He argues the electronic platforms it creates will not only become the principal B2B sites for those sectors, but reshape those industries.  As an example, he points to Enron's new e-commerce platform, EnronOnline, which has changed the way the company does business with its customers while significantly increasing sales.  The company - the largest wholesale merchant of natural gas and power - saw wholesale, physical deliveries of natural gas surge 53 per cent in the first quarter.  Critics argue that Enron's move away from its familiar energy business into new industries, where the learning curve is steep and the competition entrenched, is risky. Yet a number of industry analysts point out Enron has proved it understands markets and how to manage risks while becoming the largest importer of coal in the UK, the largest trader of gas and power in the US and grabbing an advantage in bandwidth.  "It's a prudent strategy, but it's got to be done in an orderly way," says Ronald Barone, analyst with Paine-Webber in New York. "What they're doing here is what they've been incredibly successful at doing," he adds, noting that Enron posted Dollars 1.3bn in earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) from its wholesale energy and services business in 1999, up 34 per cent from the previous year.  Earnings from that division accounted for two-thirds of the company's overall income before interest and taxes last year, and Mr Barone sees the unit's ebit increasing 15-30 per cent annually over several years.  As with gas and power and now broadband, where Enron is standardising contracts and creating a market in bandwidth, it wants to create markets by entering as a physical player and providing merchant, risk management and financial services over the internet.  "We will provide electronic commerce, but we will provide liquidity and we will provide settlement, or fulfilment of that contract," Mr Skilling says. "That is an extremely powerful model. If you look at other B2B sites, they don't do that."  Mr Skilling argues Enron's e-commerce platform will triumph over the other, bulletin board-type exchanges, where striking a deal depends on two parties hooking up and working through uncertainties over timing, price, credit and fulfilment.  Not everyone shares that view. Some energy companies, for example, would rather not do business with a competitor. BP Amoco recently purchased a 3 per cent stake in Altra Energy Technologies, a Houston- based, neutral wholesale energy exchange. With Koch Industries and American Electric Power, it also committed to carry out a fixed volume of transactions on the site to lend it liquidity.  Just as in gas and power and now broadband and metals, Enron believes it needs networks of strategic physical assets. In acquiring MG, Enron got a stable of warehouses, lending it a strong physical position.  "It should provide (MG) with a more vibrant, more active physical spot market in more markets in the world," says Greg Whalley, chief executive officer of Enron Net Works, the new division Enron is launching to identify and enter commodity markets. He argues that in metals and other markets, Enron will deliver better pricing, price risk management services, cross-commodity transactions and flexible transactions for a wider range of customers.  Mr Skilling says there are significant rewards for restructuring an industry.  "If you can take that platform, and you use the capabilities the bricks bring to the table, e-commerce the industry and change the structure, you're selling for more than a 50 multiple."  Copyright , The Financial Times Limited 
 Jana,  A correction. I am going to spend one week in Australia and I have just realized that I have to leave on Friday, July the 14th, at night, to arrive in Sydney on Sunday morning.  Maybe we can meet on Friday the 7th (we would like to invite you to dinner and then we can have a glass of wine outside, the weather and mosquitoes permitting).  Alternatively, we can meet during the weekend of July the 29th.   Vince 
 Piotr,  Dziekuje za wiadomosc. Bede prawdopodobnie w Londynie w koncu wrzesnia. Ciesze sie, ze wszystko idzie pomyslnie.  Odezwij sie, jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal do Stanow.  Rozmawialem ostatnio z Twoim kolega, Avi Hauser.  Wicek  Wincenty Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands, TX 77381 Phone:  (281) 367 5377 (h) (713) 853 3848 (o) Cell     :  (713) 898 9960 (713) 410 5396 (office mobile phone) 
 Brian,  The last class + plus a few days (depending on when I have to submit the grades).  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 1, Li Xiao 2. Accom 3. Barbara Weather 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a phone interview. Stinson, Krishna, Paulo, Grant.  Vince 
 Sam,  One correction after Stinson in my note at the very end.  You can easily see the correction (redundant "with" was removed).  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Jana,  I would like to invite you to visit us in the Woodlands one weekend in July. My wife wants to make the house presentable after her long absence and the months of my neglect. I think I need the coming long weekend to clean up all the papers and we shall be ready. What about the following weekend or the next one?  Vince 
 Stinson-san & Co,  We may become famous in Japan. Please, see the message below.  Vince 
 This is the list of projects for the members of the "quant" team. If you are working on different project, please, ignore this message.  Please, develop in a spreadsheet solutions/examples for the following:  1. Black-Scholes formula 2. Black's formula 3. Develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using: a. GBM b. GBM + jump (Formula 2.16 in the book, Figure 2.7) c. Mean reversion + jump (Formula 2.17, Figure 2.8) 4. Schwartz Single Factor Model (Formula 6.12) 5. Develop models corresponding to the Figures 7.1, 7.3, 7.5, 7.6, 7.8  Vince 
 John,  I think the crucial distinction is between recognition of risks and elimination of risks through hedges (as correctly pointed out  in other messages). Being aware of risk does not mean that one does not want to be compensated for it.  Now a few more detailed comments.  1. I think that illiquidity discount represents double counting when combined with a project finance discount rate. Illiquidity discount, in my view, should be applied to financial options that trade in a market without sufficient depth. One should apply a haircut if liquidating  a position takes a long time. The approach used in valuation of the Turkish transaction is the same as approach used in valuation of investments in physical assets, which are by definition illiquid. This illiquidity  is recognized through other aspects of valuation technology used in RAROC.  If we apply an illiquidity correction in this case, we should be consistent and use this approach  across the board for all project finance type cases (not that I recommend this course of action).  2. Valuation of an unheadgable options.  Let's look at it from the position of a seller of the option.  He cannot hedge a short call or put and Black-Scholes valuation becomes the floor for the valuation: the seller has to be compensated for taking a price risk (as opposed to taking a vol risk when he hedges). The issue of the compensation he will require becomes fuzzy. The option really becomes an insurance type product and pricing depends on two factors:  1. risk preference 2. existing portfolio positions  Risk preference. Insurance companies typically require a payment that consists of two parts: expected loss + unexpected loss. The latter is typically defined as 1 to 2 standard deviations. The number of  standard deviations depends on risk appetite and the ability to absorb the loss. I admit that it is a bit fuzzy, but this is the way the world works. We looked into insurance pricing at the request of Jere Overdyke. You can talk to Vasant Shanbhogue to find out more about it.  Existing portfolio positions. An additional contract may increase or decrease the risk of the overall portfolio. I would expect the deal to provide some risk diversification, but it does not look to me as a deal that reduces risk (given all our positions in this region).  What are the practical implications? Pricing depends on risk appetite (the utility function of a decision maker in technical jargon) and becomes to some degree arbitrary.  If we are short an option embedded in a deal and the option cannot be hedged, we should subtract from the value of the contract the value of the option (that is greater than the Black - Scholes value). If we don't price this option explicitly, the valuation of a contract will be based on a discount rate with a risk premium.  In the case of an option buyer, the situation is reversed. If he cannot hedge, he should recognize the risk of losing the value of his investment and apply a discount to the value of the option. How big is the discount? See the comments above.  In the special case, where hedging is possible and the Black-Scholes-Merton paradigm applies, both values will become equal (ignoring transaction costs). The values of an option form the point of view of a seller and a buyer will converge.  3. What happens in case we use simulation technology?  We can discount at the risk free rate along each scenario (each scenario will recognize the downside and/or upside at different points in time in different states of the world). If we run a sufficient number of scenarios, we shall get a distribution of NPV as of today. Knowing this distribution means that we can estimate risk, but in most cases we are still holding it. The expected value should be, therefore, adjusted for risk. This is equivalent to using a discount rate with a risk premium.  I hope this helps. Please, call me with additional questions. Sorry for a delay in responding to this question. I ran my response by Stinson and Vasant, to make sure we all agree. It's a very complicated technical problem and the financial theory does not have good answers.    Vince 
 Stinson,  Original version.  Vince 
 http://www.mackichan.com/products/version_3.5_prices.htm 
 Sevil,  Please, take a look at the attached newsletter.  Vince 
 Mark,  Please, tale a look at the attached newsletter. An interesting story on gaming Cal PX. Let me know if you have problems opening the document.  Vince 
 Celeste,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Elena,  FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 I am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very persistent and quite aggressive.  Please, take a look at him.  Vince 
 Eric,  I have forwarded your resume to a number of units of Enron. My group hires candidates with advanced degrees in science=20 and mathematics.  Vince Kaminski 
 Pam,  The last group. Please, let me know if any name is missing.     Grade: A    Thanks a lot. It was a pleasure working with you.  Vince Kaminski 
 David,  During today's VaR coordination meeting  we had a discussion of issues related to mapping of the forward price curves into core locations.  Mapping is a  necessity dictated by the limitations of the computer system: we have to reduce the dimensionality of the problem to stay within the bounds of available CPU memory. Also, in some cases the quality of price discovery is poor and it's difficult to model the price curves independently: we solve the problem by mapping them into more liquid and better behaved core  locations curves.  We have agreed on the following:  1. Winston will investigate the IT side and determine to what extent we can increase the number of forward price curves that are simulated as basic (core) curves. He will investigate the impact of a larger number of the core curves on the time required to complete the VaR run.  2. The curves associated with the biggest 10-20 positions in each commodity should be modeled as core curves (i.e. no mapping into other locations). It makes sense to monitor the biggest risks separately and avoid aggregating them into  less transparent aggregates.  3. The results of an automated clustering (mapping) procedures should be systematically monitored by a human and corrected if they misrepresent the risks of the trading positions. This responsibility should be vested with one person (right now the responsibility is dispersed through the organization and this means in practice that nobody is responsible). Research can allocate one person to this task; cooperation of trading and RAC will be critical.  Vince 
 Strickland Chris 227,Black Prince Ave, Coventry CV3 5JH UK  Phone: 61 2 9514 7754 61 2 9460 3079 (h) Phone: 44 793 927 3746 
 Amy,  Thanks. Steve  will contact you directly to give you all the details.  Vince 
 Shane,  Fine with me.  Vince 
 http://www.pur.com/index.html 
 Zimin,  I will make sure that you have the opportunity to present your contributions. It makes also sense to ask Paulo every time to say a few words.  Vince 
 Eric,  Thank you for your message. The only other message in my mailbox from you is dated 6/11/2000 and contains a reference to a resume I cannot locate. I checked the log of all the messages and could not find any other communication from you.  Please, send a message with a resume again and we shall go from there.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, send our logo to Debra.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Sorry if you get this impression. The real reason is that I treat the lunch meetings as an opportunity to get updates on things that are going on at more remote locations. I interact with each of the members of your group daily and I know what's going on.  I agree with you, however, that the lunch meetings are not exclusively for my benefit,  but also for the benefit of  the other members of the group. I shall make sure that you have the opportunity to communicate  your contribution to the company.  Vince 
 Shane,  Two years is eternity at Enron.  Vince 
 OK  Vince Kaminski 
 Ehud,  Please, give me a call when you land on my regular and cell phone. I shall proceed to the restaurant (about 10 minutes from the office).  Cell: 713 410 5396  Office: 713 853 3848   Please, keep the copies of all the receipts.  Vince 
 Eloise,  I shall buy one "Medium".  Vince 
 Tanya,  Can you E-mail to me the graph showing VaR for a frozen portfolio, over one year?  Vince 
 John,  Please, give me another day to elaborate. It's quite hectic here.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Ken,  I shall be glad to join you for lunch with MEC.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Bryan,  The person from Citibank:  Alla Gil, (212) 723 6275 alla.gil@ssmb.com   I am attaching the  resume of Iris Mack.     Vince 
 Avi,  These are my coordinates  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Hello,  This is regarding my mentee. I talked to him today. Giuseppe did not receive the invitation to the Thursday reception.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, transfer one of C++ licenses to me. Vince 
 A  presentation on credit risk modeling.  Vince 
 Alla,  Thanks for the presentation. I opened it without any problems.  Vince 
 Doug,  The model for the Elba Island.  Vince 
 Shane,  Thanks for your message.  As a matter of fact, I expected your resume in time for our summer internship program.  We shall be glad to invite you for an interview. How long "sabbatical" do you envisage?  Vince  P.S. Shirley,   please, call Shane to arrange an interview with HR. 
 Ehud,  We shall make  reservations for dinner at Vincent's on West Dallas (2701 West Dallas, 713 528 4313). We shall make reservations fro 7:00 p.m. You can call me on my cell phone (713 410 5396) if there is a problem.  We shall have about 25-30 people at the meeting on Thu at 11:30.  See you tomorrow.  Vince 
 An interesting piece of information from the oil markets. Iraq is trying to extract concessions from the US and threatens to shut down production as of Oct 1 (just in time for the US elections).  The source of this info is Phil Verlaeger (an oil analyst). He is very good but excessively concerned with Iraqi machinations. He is the source of news (reported by Friedman of the New York Times in his op-ed columns) about massive Iraqi trading in the oil futures markets. I personally discount this info: the volume and transparency of the oil markets  would not support this type of huge scale operations by Saddam's government. There may be some trading by Iraqi officials on the side.  Vince 
 John,  It seems to me that using a risk-free rate is not appropriate. I shall elaborate on my position and send you a longer message this afternoon (my time).  Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 If u r there send me a message.  Vince 
 Trish,  I could not access his neural network site. It requires access password.  Vince 
 Teresa,  I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston. She works currently in London Can you call her and ask when she is planning to visit the States. We could pay the airfare from a location in the States.  I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston, though I would go for it, if necessary (I don't want a candidate to think that we are that cheap). Business class is a standard for business related, cross-Atlantic flights.  I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue.  Thanks  Vince 
 Dale,  Thanks for the update. I fully concur with all the rankings. It seems things are going well with the Research Group in London and this is, to a very large extent, your contribution.  I think that Anjam has improved a lot. I don't think, however, that he can run the group in the future. Steve emerged as a natural leader and has overwhelming support in the organization.  Vince 
 David,  Please, call Shirley Crenshaw (my assistant), extension 5-5290 to set it up.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Marek,  Ciesze sie badzo z Twojej wizyty. Mam nadzieje, ze urlop w  Polsce bedzie udany.  Pozdrowienia  Wicek 
 David,  Please, stop by to chat about it for a few minutes.  Vince 
 Mike,  Thanks for the invitation. See you on Friday, April the 27th.  Vince 
 Dillard, Barbara Enron 150 North Michigan (and Randolph) Suite  3064 Chicago  Phone: (312) 541 1232 Pager: (800) 917 0654 
 $1456.24 $3541.60  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Ehud,  We can meet for dinner on the 21st. Then you can visit with us on the 22nd in the morning and have individual meetings. At 11:30 you can meet the entire Research Group at our weekly lunch meeting. We can continue individual meetings in the afternoon.  Please, make a reservation at Hyatt Regency Downtown or Double Tree Downtown (there are several hotels with the same names).  Vince 
 Ben  Thanks for attending. I was on "vacation" last week (driving from Ca to Houston) and could not answer your first message regardoing Insead conference in time.  The objective was to find out more about the he Workshop on High-tech acquisitions and evaluate the usefulness of the program for Enron. I shall be making a recommendation to Jeff Skilling that we should work with Wharton as a partner in a number of different research projects.  I shall try to catch you next week to find out what was said about valuation of  small high-tech firms.  Vince 
 Ginger & Cheryl,  I will attend.  Vince Kaminski  P.S. Shirley, please put it on my schedule. 
 Kevin,  I have followed up on your request to identify a potential hire from Akamai (a person familiar with their technology). We can start discussions with the targets in a few days.  Please, let me know which unit in EBS is a potential hiring agent. If it's Research, who inside EBS can sponsor  this position? We have to discuss the responsibilities and job description.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Ammonia prices for Bob Lee.  Vince 
 Steve,  A meeting at 8:00 - 8:15 is fine with me.  Vince 
 Dale,  I have passed on the information you gave me but you have to realize that I acted just as a go-between. I shall be glad to remind our new business unit about your proposal. I have already asked a few times.  I shall be traveling this week, Wed - Fri. I shall be back in the office on Monday.  Vince 
 Chris,  vkaminski@aol.com   Vince 
 Phil,  I am in California later this week. Driving with my family back to Houston.  Vince 
 http://www.acmc.uq.edu.au/~gwd/EnergyExchange.html 
 Chris,  We shall try to call you around 5:00 p.m. our time on Monday. What is the best phone number we can use to reach you?  Vince 
 Bryan,  I shall  call you later today when I have a chance to read the message from Ben.  I wanted to ask you for a favor (on a very short notice). We are talking to the Wharton School about setting up a relationship with them and getting involved in one or more  research projects with them.  One of the potential  topics is emerging technologies. The Wharton offers  a symposium in Paris on June 10 on High Tech Acquisitions  and it would make a lot of sense if you (or somebody from London you could identify) could attend and help us to evaluate the usefulness of this project.  I am enclosing the message from the person in Wharton running this program.   Vince 
 http://biblioteka.sieciowa.to.jest.to/index2.htm 
 1. Cuthbert Roberts  ammonia  5-8911 2. Dale Surbey 3. Power Risk ICBI  44 20 7915 5194 4. Brad Romine 6. Dick  58808 Visual project 7. Gary's Project Oil & Gas 8. Bruce Johansen 512 451 1050  ext.  203 9. Brad Bartley 512 471 2995 UofT 10. Letter to Mike Moscoso 11.   Gene Bruce 504 369 5566 
 http://www.science-finance.fr/publications.html http://www.science-finance.fr/publications.html http://www.science-finance.fr/publications.html 
 Chris,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to meet you and your family in Sydney at your home.  I am enclosing the draft of my part of the chapter. It's more than preliminary  but I hope to improve it greatly over the weekend. I shall forward you a new version on Sunday evening my time. Grant is moving along on his part. I  hope it reduces the penalty to broken knee-caps.  I shall send you a longer message from home to give you an update on my conversations with EPRM  regarding the articles.   Vince 
 Angelika,  Thanks for the invitation. Yes, I shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation.  Vince 
 Christie,  Great!! You think big. It also puts a lot of pressure on the students.  Vince 
 Pam,  Another term paper:   John Ganguzza Neeraj Hingorani Grant Johnson Duane Maue Rishad Patel Eric van Stone Palo Yoshiuro   Grade:  A  Please, confirm.   Vince 
 Julie,  You have more luck than myself. I called a few times and left messages on her voice mail.  Vince 
 Would you like to attend the presentation and join me for lunch with WEFA.  Any other suggestions re attendance.  Please, let Shirley know.  Vince 
 Tom,  Stinson can give you info about West U. Shirley about catering, Wew did it twice and it's a standard routine by now.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Paulo and Zimin.  Vince 
 Tom,  We play as a group from time at the West U location.  Would you like to take lead and organize another outing. Family members are invited and we order a BBQ lunch following the game.   Vince 
 Christie,  What about the invitation to dinner for Gillis and Whitaker?  Vince 
 Hi Paula,  Thanks for the invitation. I have already accepted an invitation from my neighbors. I shall stop by to deliver the card (or maybe I should wait till it covers the next graduation).  Vince 
 Jim,  CHARM looks more like  a prototype that requires a lot of work to make it more a production tool.  We have developed a similar model (without some nice functionalities CHARM has) in about two weeks, at request of Rick Jones who joined EES from HSB. Rick worked on a similar model at his old company  and wanted to have a similar tool for his projects with Enron. I can tell you more about it when we meet (hopefully) later this week.  I would tell Willis that the model requires more work before Enron can consider it as commercial product.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Howard,  Sorry for the delay.  I shall be able to get back to you next week. A very interesting new research idea came up and we have to close a few loops internally.   Vince 
 Krishna,  Any update on payments to Stanford?  We can ask for a letter to requesting a donation. I would use it as a basis for cutting a check.   Please, talk to Hill about it.  Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Joan,  Thanks. I would appreciate the full report.  Vince     Joan Stransky @ ENRON 04/09/2001 01:50 PM 
 Julie,  I signed the request for a check today.  Vince 
 Anne,  Vasant sent this information to Norma. I shall fwd his message to you.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Sat 10 a.m. 
 Shirley,  Please, let Rice invitees know.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Keith,  It was a great pleasure to work you with on this project. The entire Enron team was impressed by the quality of the students and commitment of the School to exploring new and creative ways of exposing students to business problems.  Vince 
 Christie  More on the Rice  CFOs conference. They want to get Andy Fastow as a speaker/participant.  Vince 
 More on the CFOs conference.  Vince 
 Christie,  This is one of the communications regarding Rice CFOs conference.  Andy requires some gentle persuasion.  Vince 
 Dave,  I bumped into Andy at a restaurant and reminded him about the conference and told him how much Rice would be delighted to have as a participant/speaker.  Please, keep trying. I think it's you against his wife.  Vince 
 Sorry, trying again. I probably got a wrong E-mail address and the original message was returned.  Vince Kaminski 
 On behalf of  Enron Corp. I would like to invite you to an ALP Project presentation by a group of students of Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management, Rice University.  The students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading platforms in the energy industry.  The presentation will be held on May 7, at 4:00 p.m. at Enron, 1400 Smith.  We would also like to invite you to dinner, following the presentation.   Vince Kaminski  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :      (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Vasant,  I spoke with Norma about getting a special reward for Sevil, in lieu of bonus.  Please, send to Norma the list of projects Sevil worked on.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks. I got it.  Vince 
 H,lyette,  I am working systematically through un-answered messages. Yes, I shall be delighted to meet your friend.  Vince 
 http://search.netscape.com/cgi-bin/search?cp=nsiwidsrc&search=reverse+search&x =36&y=1 
 Martin,  I don't  see any problem. The article supportsEnron's position.  Please, go ahead.  Vince 
 Michael,  Thanks. I should  be interested in the materials from the meeting.  Vince 
 shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Christie,  FYI.  A message I received from Stanford.  Vince 
 Susan,  Thanks. It makes sense to call Christie and explain the objectives of your visit in May.  Vince 
 Mark,  This is the sound clip I mentioned.  Vince 
 Paul,  I am sending you modified bullet points. The modifications are in red. Apologies for a delay in responding to your messages.  By the way, Power2001 gets only more and more interesting every day.   Vince 
 Shi-Jie Deng Assistant Professor School of ISyE Georgia Institute of Technology  Office Phone: (404) 894-6519 E-mail:       deng@isye.gatech.edu Home page:    http://www.isye.gatech.edu/~deng 
 Marshall,  Sorry for a delay in responding to you. My HR people were asked to get in touch with you re the candidates.  Vince 
 Marcus,  I have this paper buried at home among other electricity related papers. I shall look for it this weekend.  Vince 
 Anshuman,  The recommendation has been taken care of.  Vince      Anshuman Srivastav @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  04/02/2001 07:59:05 PM 
 Shirley,  I shall come. I shall bring a cake. I may be late, coming around 2:00. I expect some people who will come to give me an estimate and they come when they come.   Vince 
 Susan,  Thank you for your message. I shall be glad to meet with you on May the 4th. I shall ask my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713) 853 5290, to call you to set up the meeting.  Also, for your information, we have recently set up a special unit to coordinate Enron's relationships with the universities. The person running this unit is Christie Patrick. Please, feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference. I shall coordinate the meeting on May  the 4th with her.  Vince   Additional information re Christie:  Phone :      (713) 853-6117  Email:         christie_patrick@enron.com 
 Vasant,  I have approved Iris' request for SPSS (reluctantly). It makes sense for her to use SPSS when she works for London (it would require more effort to move data bet the systems than the cost of SPSS).  I don't like proliferation of systems, however.  Vince 
 resend Risk Desk 
 Rakesh,  Can you ask a lawyer to  review it?  Vince 
 Alexander Eydeland    Phone: (678) 579 5129 (404) 307 7119 (cell)  Alexander.Eydeland@mirant.com 
 Alex,  This is Marek's resume. Look forward tot he dinner on the 14th of May.  Vince 
 Scott,  Thanks. My HR people should we get in touch with you. We gave them the names of candidates we are interested in and they will send the others to the IT group for consideration.  Vince 
 Cathy,  I got them.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Anita,  Mu organizer seems to be tied up (not responding). Please, see if you have access to it.  Vince 
 A quick  update on the status of Sandeep Kohli.  He is working currently in my group. He is available on a very short notice to help you with any quantitative modeling  that can be required in making decisions regarding our DPC strategy. In case you need his help, he can also rely on the support of other members of my group with skills in different areas.  Vince Kaminski 
 Mike  FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  He will have to pay the rent.  Vince 
 Ken,  I may miss this meeting. Go ahead with the meeting anyway. I shall join you in progress. Christie is coming at 1:30 to meet the students and talk to me. I can talk to her for a few minutes and then we can meet the team around 2:00.  Vince 
 Martin,  Let me read it Friday. We run our papers by our PR department to review for any potential conflict with the company line. I shall fwd it to them.  I think you should submit it as an Enron employee with a note that it was developed when you were at UT.  Vince 
 Chris,  E hired Tony to support Global Markets but Jeff Shankman decided that, given highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the Research Group, with a dotted line to Mike Roberts who is running our weather group.  Given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit GM, it makes sense for Research to charge his expenses to Global Markets. We can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to different sub-units of GM.  Tony spent the last few weeks in Houston training for his position in London with Mike Roberts. We are very excited about the prospect of working with him.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please fix the time with her.  Vince 
 Vasant, We have a coppy of Adobe on the 32nd floor. Sam  Smith.  Vince 
 Pam,  Another group:  Stuart Hamel Jed Howard Brian Nelson    B+    Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, subscribe.  Vince 
 Shjirley,  Please enroll me and Lance and Martin.  Vince 
 Lance,  Any comment?  Vince 
 Jeff,  The newsletter is addressed to a wide audience in Enron, not exclusively one group. We are providing forward interest rate foreign exchange curves to multiple units of Enron to revalue our assets. Maureen and Gwen spend of lot of time answering questions regarding countries like Argentina, Korea, Brazil, etc. The newsletter can be used as a reference in answering many of those questions.  Vince 
 Kate,  I was traveling recently. I shall evaluate the resume together with my associates and will get back to you Thursday.  I shall be glad to meet you on the 13th.  Vince 
 Alex,  Is this meeting already scheduled?  Vince 
 Karen,  Yes, but I think it's confidential. Please, contact David Port about the release possibility.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Please, help me to decide whom we would like to interview and whom we can send to IT.  Vince 
 Cathy,  Thanks.  In order of priority: Fridays (20, 27),  Apr 25, 24,23.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  Can we meet with David Port on Thu  2:30 to review Raptors?  Vince 
 FYI 
 Iris,  Did you receive the documentation from  Ben?  I could not open his attachment.  Vince 
 Randall,  The person supporting EBS in the Research Group is Martin Lin. I shall ask him to give you a call and will be glad to join you at the meeting with Martin.  Vince 
  http://www.newyorkfed.org/rmaghome/staff_rp/2001/sr125.pdf 
 Cathy,  Yes, I shall be glad to use a few tickets for my group as a token of appreciation. How many can you spare?  Vince 
 Darrell,  Thanks. I am beating up on my group to accelerate preparation of documentation for the audit.  Vince 
 Pani Agato,  Wysylam kopie mojego planu podrozy (zalacznik). Prosze potwierdzic te wiadomosc i podac numer Pani telefonu. Zadzwonie do Pani z hotelu we wtorek i podam numer pokoju.  W. Kaminski 
 Kathie,  Thanks for the reminder. I have forwarded the article to my home address and I shall review it tonight.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Iris,  Please, check with Shirley. She keeps my calendar up to date.  Also, we got a 2nd desk for you with the credit group on the 23rd floor. You can divide  your time bet the 19th floor and the 23rd floor to stay in touch with the business unit. Please, check with Vasant and he will introduce you to the credit team here in Houston (Jeff Kinneman, Craig Chaney).  Also, please plan for a trip to London in 3-4 weeks.  Vince   Vince 
 Paul,  We have done a lot of work in this area. I shall call you later today (Monday my time), Tuesday morning your time with some recommendations.  Vince  P.S. Shirley, please send a Real Options binder to Paul.  Vince 
 Iris,  I wrote an endorsement for his book on real options (it was on the cover under Jeff Skilling's name). Let's invite him to the Thursday lunch.  Vince 
 John,  The phone number for Ken Lay is (713) 853-6773. My recommendation is to call Mark Palmer first and discuss the book with him. His recommendation will open the door. I shall mention this to him as well. Mark's phone number is   (713) 853-4738.  Vince 
 Ken  Thanks for baby-sitting this.  Vince 
 Dave,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to join you at the dinner and on Saturday. I shall come alone: my wife will stay with my son in California till June (my son graduates this spring from college).  I shall remind Andy Fastow about NFCF.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks. You are the most dependable person in Enron.  Vince 
 Vasant,  Can you, please, review this Newsletter article. I had to put something together rather quickly last night.  Vince 
 http://www.derivativesweek.com http://www.iipower.com  user id: VKAMINSKI password: ITALIA   Please note your account 00235424-0015 
 Any recommendations?  Vince 
 Vasant,  When can we call this guy?  Vince 
 Jeff,  I would like to get on your calendar (together with Jeff Shankman) for 15 - 30 minutes to discuss the results of my visit at the Wharton School with Tom Piazze. A separate message about  this visit will follow.  I would like also to talk to you  about the way we manage our relationships with different universities. Historically, we were rather passive customers of the academic institutions, trying to hire the best students and limiting our presence on the campuses mostly to the recruiting trips and campus receptions.  We should rethink the way we work  with universities. The efforts to get the best students look more and more like a hand-to-hand combat and often we are not very successful. It is critical that we increase our presence on the campuses and this can be accomplished in a number of different ways:  1. Involvement in research projects. For  example, we are currently underwriting two research projects at Stanford University, involving  Ph.D. students of Professor Nicholas Bambos (a top expert on communications networks). We shall participate in formulation of the projects' objectives and will be given access to the results. Involvement in research projects allows us to obtain access to current scientific developments in the leading universities and also to lock-up some very promising students. Most companies in the high tech industries have such programs.  2. Lectures and presentations by Enron employees. Practically every presentation I have made so far at different universities resulted in a number of resumes and hiring decisions. It is important that students get exposed to Enron early in their academic program. In many cases, the best students have already made up their mind by the time we approach them during their senior years.  3. Visits by faculty members in Enron.  Closer cooperation with the universities has many advantages in addition to getting the best students and obtaining access to current research. The universities are very important in shaping public  opinion on the issues critical to Enron's future (especially in the area of deregulation and design of new markets).  Currently, the relationships with many leading academic centers depend on personal commitment of a number of overworked Enron employees. In many cases, there is no continuity and focus.  I want to recommend a creation of a special function (VP or MD level) responsible for coordinating our relationships with the universities. This function would be separate from our Analyst/Associate program. I have many ideas how this function could be structured.  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Fujita,  Thank you very much for  the pictures.  I have talked to RISK and they will be contacting you shortly.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vine 
 Julia,  The lawyers at UT at Austin have some questions regarding your corrections to the non-disclosure agreement.  Specifically, they want to discus the arbitration provision. The name of the lawyer at UT is Gene Bartley, 512 471 2995.  Vince 
 Vasant  Any interest?  Vince 
 Tanya, Grant,  It will  be 5:00 p.m. instead of 4:00.  Vince 
 John,  5 works.  Vince 
 Jana,  Saturday looks good. I shall be involved in job interviews at Enron all Saturday and should be done by 5 p.m.  We can go the Angelica Movie Center. I shall check the program tonight and call you tomorrow to review the options.  Vince 
 Tanya, Grant,  Can you join?  Vince 
 Anjam,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Beth,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Datren  I shall forward her resume to the principal of my son's old high school and give it to my neighbor who is a teacher at CISD.  Vince 
 Grant,  Did you meet him? What about John Hopley's group?  Vince 
 Oliver,  I will attend.  Vince 
 Beth,  I could not open the document.  Vince 
 Michael,  It's a cottage industry and nobody can read all that's published.  The Journal of Derivatives and the Journal of Finance are two primary publications I would recommend.  Vince 
 Zimin,  I have a copy of the article. I agree with you. The model is essentially the same (in intentions).  I shall distributed the copy of the paper to the trades here. It explains well the logic behind the model and it's an independent source.   Vince 
 Phelim,  Thanks again for the invitation to speak at the conference. The  program was very interesting and I learned a lot.  I hope you can visit us in Houston sometimes in the next few months.  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Enthofer,  I regret to decline your kind invitation to speak at the Alpbacher Finanzsymposium. I have another engagement in the beginning of October in Paris.  Vince Kaminski 
 YI  Vince 
 Jim,  I shall contact Althea and make sure Rusty meets with the Research Group members.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Phelim,  FYI  Vince 
 Ehud,  June 22 works for me. Do you want to firm it up?   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Soma,  Yes, no problem.  Vince 
 Phelim,  I shall be glad to join you for dinner on Sunday. I shall be also available for the panel discussion.  I would like to thank you one more time for the invitation to speak at the conference.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send him a copy of the book and reprints.  Vince 
 Dan,  I am forwarding you the summary of the information for EOL that we can provide. I shall talk to RISK magazine to settle the copyright issues.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes. I do. I shall give it to you tomorrow.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, can you coordinate this?  Vince 
 Lucie,  Yes, I have received the package.  Vince 
 Iris,  We can invite you for an interview to Houston.  What would be a  the time  for you?  Vince 
 R 203857  I  234938 
 Tanya,  Please, ask him to make the arrangements.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  To confirm our conversation:  Please, go ahead and buy a copy.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  Sorry to see you go. It was a pleasure working with you.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  I want to discuss the issue of the compensation of Norberto with my boss.   Vince 
 Kevin,  For your information.  Vince 
 Jim,  Can we meet on Friday to discuss this topic. The person who supports power, Grant Masson, will be out for the next two days.   Vince 
 Any interest?   Vince 
 Julian Rose 15 Greenwich Hills Drive Greenwich, CT 06831   Phone:  (203) 531 0691 (h) (203) 829 9300 Debbie Parker (203) 625 7970 
 Ross,  I shall call Risk on Thursday.  Vince  Shirley, please, remind me about it. 
 Dave,  I will be glad to participate.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Marek,  Vince will be available at home on Tuesday and Friday this week, bet 1:00 p.m. and 5 p.m. California time (3 hrs difference to NYC).  His phone number is 650 497 6938.  Wicek 
 Steve,  The Journal of Risk is a more technical and serious publication than RISK MAgazine.  If the article is published it will give you more exposure in the academic circles.  I think it will be a significant accomplishment.  On the downside, it does not receive the same wide circulation as RISK among the practitioners.  I can also see the reason behind the recommendation given by Navroz: the article is fairly long for RISK. 
 Mark Kierlanczyk DKB House 24 William Street London EC4R 9DB  Phone: 212 943 5300 (o) Phone: 914 337 8167 (h) mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com mkierlanczyk@hotmail.com 
 Farhad,  Thanks a lot.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  Thanks for your message. I have recovered from my trip over the weekend. I was waiting for my flight till early morning hours on Saturday. I wasn't dressed for a chilly night at  La Guardia and came back with a slight cold.  Houston Intercontinental got a lot of rain as well. The place was full of stranded passengers sleeping on the floors. The roof was leaking at a few places and there were pools of water everywhere.  Sat, June the 3rd will work for me. Hope to see you then.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Another thought.  Should Vincent go as well?  Vince 
 Ravi,  Please, take a look at the book review.  Vince 
 Krishna,  I shall order reprints.  Vince  Shirley,  Can you, please, order reprints?  Vince 
 Ehud,  Thanks fro your message. What about June 22?  I have several trips in between May 25 and June 22.  Vince 
 Julia,  I am sending you a copy of the nondisclosure agreement I received from a professor at UT Austin. Three UT academics developed a model that may be useful in our pricing applications. They envisage the possibility of either selling this model to Enron or of joint research effort in this area.  Can you, please, take a look at the attached legal document.  Vince 
 Emma,  Thanks and the best of luck in your new job.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks for the info. I shall check it out.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  You can send me short E-mail messages when I travel to an alternative E-mail address: vkaminski@palm.net.   Vince 
 Grag,  I think it makes sense to visit with SKG and obtain more information. I assume they are located in or near Boston. I shall be in Boston in mid June and can meet them.  Vince 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Bill Bradford is on vacation. I passed your question regarding EXMAR credit rating to Debbie Brackett.  Vince 
 Reviewed by Mark Williams, SVP Risk Management, Citizens Power  The long awaited second edition of Managing Energy Price Risk has finally arrived. It has been four years since the first edition was published. During this hiatus, a lot has happened as risk management within the rapidly expanding energy industry has come of age as a respected discipline. The second edition is a rich compilation of papers by a surprisingly representative group of industry leaders, practitioners and academics.  The books strength is that it reinforces the fact that risk management principles initially applied to a narrow band of energy commodities can and should be applied across a wide array of energy commodities including electricity. As expected the book does a solid job in capturing an international perspective on the various challenges, which are not isolated to any one continent but are global in scope. It includes a lengthy introduction that effectively frames risk management progress, advancements and innovations that started in the oil markets in the 1970's and migrated to the natural gas and most recently expanding to the electricity industry.  Managing Energy Price Risk is comprised of 15 chapters, all of which include an introduction, which minimises the disjointedness that you may expect from a book written by a large number of authors. Other improvements in this second edition include expanded graphics, highlighted panels, detailed appendices and a separate glossary, which provides the reader with additional reference material.  In particular the chapter on energy options written by Michael Hampton is a useful primer and provides the reader with a concise explanation of option theory, pricing, basis risk, delta hedging as well as practical guidelines for distinguishing between hedging and pure speculation. For the more advanced reader, the chapter on Energy Exotic Options, written by Vince Kaminski, Stinson Gibner and Krishnarao Pinnamaneni is particularly strong as it outlines the challenges associated with the exotics and effectively documents the latest methods used by leading practitioners in pricing such instruments.  Additionally, the chapter on Accounting for Derivative Contracts in the Energy Environment by three consultants from Arthur Anderson, is a well written summary which addresses the numerous tax related issues including a timely discussion on the US Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement 133 (see EPRM October 1999, page 22). Having this tax information housed in one concise chapter is of great value.  The second edition however is not without flaws. In particular, it would have been useful to have more information on the current challenges risk managers are confronted with in the power industry including latest advancements in volatility and correlation estimation techniques. Additional attention could have also been placed on the shortcomings of the current market structure and methods in finding and applying appropriate hedging strategies and instruments. In the fledgling power market, this continues to be one of the primary challenges.  In summary, this second edition of Managing Energy Price Risk builds upon the sentinel work laid out in the prior edition and is a valuable reference book for the new recruit or seasoned veteran. It is a welcome edition to any risk management library. 
 Teresa,  Thanks.  Vince    Teresa Bien @ ENRON   05/16/2000 11:56 AM 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 John,  Yes. I have additional info about this transaction.  Vince 
 Greg,  E-commerce related proposal from Dale Nesbitt.  Vince 
 Michael,  The science of measuring operational risk is in its early stages of development. There are really no cook-book  solutions. One has to use creativity and a lot of common sense.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Martha,  Thanks. In case you missed an FT article, please take a look at the attachment.  Vince 
 Teresa,  It's OK to hire S. Tamarchenko as a summer temporary employee. We need all the help we can get this summer.  I assume it will be 40 hrs a week, as long as ut conforms with all the external and internal regulations.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 John,  Sorry for the confusion. This is a second  tanker on which very few details are available . The LNG group is working as we speak to provide some information for Joe Sutton before his departure for Paris this (Tuesday) afternoon. There is no DASH on this 2nd tanker yet. I asked Dave Gorte on Monday to send me one and was not told that he can provide me with the Mystic Lady DASH as  the closest substitute.  Vince 
 Lauren,  1:00 p.m. is fine. 713 853 3848  Vince 
 David,  Thanks. I cc you on my message to John Sherriff. Please, let me know what you think about my comments.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  This is a project related to automated trading platforms for commodities.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me for this.  Vince 
 John,  This is the update on what I have done for the LNG transactions.  1. I was not involved in the LNG ship project. I shall  read the DASH and give you my comments. Without looking at the details, I think that the decision to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the Elba Island project (please, see point 2).  2. Elba Island. I am working with Doug Rotenberbg, Brad Hitch, Scott Earnest (Sally Beck's organization) and RAC to set up the book for the Elba Island transaction. The next step will be to expand the book to capture all the Enron's LNG-related  positions in one place and to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges. A working group is meeting to close a few remaining gaps  tomorrow (Tuesday) at 8:30.  A few comments on the book design and my view of the project:  a. The current thinking is that LNG will be sourced for the Elba Island facility by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis. Marginal cargos will represent supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long-term contracts or became available due to some short-term frictions.  The fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the long-term contract prices. The economics of the deal, as represented by the book we are setting up, will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal cargos but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis, arranging shipping and coordinating the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the US. In other words, we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction.  b. The transaction will cover the period of 17 years (with an extension option of 5 years). Even if we can lock-in the LNG volumes over this time period, we have no ability to lock-in the other side of the spread (US gas prices) for such a long tenor. This is essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the LNG - nat gas spread and I would not recommend locking-in only one leg of the spread.  One solution would be to  cover, let's say, 50% of he LNG volumes for the first 5 years and lock-in the nat gas side on the US market side.  c. The book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions regarding sources of LNG, shipping rates, schedules, etc. I would set up a big prudence reserve in case we mark it to market.  d. My group will work on valuation of some options we have in the Elba Island deal (that are good for Enron) and on the hedging strategy for the LNG positions. Long-term LNG contracts are typically based on the Japanese Crude Cocktail that correlates very well with Brent.   Vince 
 Celeste,  I am forwarding you a letter from Prof. Duane Seppi from Carnegie Mellon University. I have known Duane for many years and I know that he does not make his recommendations without very good reasons.  I would recommend looking at John Gordon as a very strong candidate: I think he will make a terrific contribution to Enron.   Vince 
 piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu 
 Shirley,  Please keep it on your radar screen.  Vince 
 Betty,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Greg,  As you may know, Brad Romine's dot.com venture fell apart.  The offer from Enron looks much better now. I have arranged for him a number of different interviews (including one with you). I think we should not be too punitive and give him the 2nd chance. I am also setting up for him interviews with RAC and EBS  and he should be able to negotiate a good first rotation.  Please, give me a call if you have any other question.  Vince Kaminski 
 Sue,  I shall be available.  Vince 
 Nick,  The airport is about 30 minutes  by cab from the office (1400 Smith). The best hotel is either Hyatt Regency Downtown or Doubletree Downtown (it is important to emphasize Downtown when making reservations). The hotels are within a walking distance from  the Enron building.  We can make reservations  for dinner around 6:30 - 7:00 in a resturant  within 10 minutes by car from the hotel.  By the way, we shall be very glad to reimburse you for the trip related expenses.  Vince 
 Kevin,  OK.  Vince 
 Steve,  The slides are OK. How are the negotiations with RISK proceeding? They had recently many changes (firing people).  Vince 
 Hi Jana,  Let's make it dependent on the movie theater and choose a restaurant nearby. My treat.   Vince 
 Hi Jana,  Saturday, May the 20th looks good. I shall be in NYC May the17th through 19th (flying back on Friday). There are several good movies I would like to see. We can connect later next week to select one.  Take care,  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Let's bring up these two ideas at the meeting with John Bloomer (to discuss the other product ideas).  Vince 
 http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/cyberspace/jan-june00/silicon_valley_5-10.htm 
 Molly,  I am enclosing my recommendation letter for Yvan Chaxel.  Vince 
 Dale, Richard,  I am ready to cover the cost of Steve's trip to Houston (one month in the summer). I think very highly of Steve and think about coaching him a bit to expand his horizons. I see him as a very valuable asset of Enron and a great leader in not too distant future. He needs exposure to more diverse business problems and areas of research. I think it will be in the best interest of the company to devote some resources to foster his development.    Vince 
 Shirley,  How are we doing on bringibg these people to Houston for an interview?  Vince 
 Steve,  I can pick up the cost of your trip from the Research Group budget.  The more I think about  it, the more I am convinced it would be difficult to justify 2 trips per person. I think that we should go for one contiguous stay per person and make a good effort to make these trips productive.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Sanjeev  will come for an informal interview on Friday. He will talk for 10-15 minutes to the following people:  1. Stinson 2. Grant 3. Krishna 4. Tanya 5. Zimin 6. Paulo 7. Vasant 8. Amitava  I shall talk to him for 5 minutes  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Nick,  Thanks for your message. The best date for a visit to Enron would be Friday, May the 26th. Please, let me know if this date would work for you.  Vince 
 Paula,  Does not wok for me.  Vince 
 Jana,  Hope to see you at the Houstonian tomorrow.  I should be free for the next two weekends Enron permitting). My family will be back in Houston around mid-June. There will be several concerts at the Pavilion this summer; I have already received the schedule.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Austin. Please, set up an interview with me, Stinson, Zimin, Vasant, Grant, Paulo, Krishna. Sometimes next week.  Let's make it a formal interview (coordinated through Elizabeth Grant).   Vince 
 Elizabeth,  Yes, she referred Norberto to us. We had an informal interview with him.  We would like to  invite him for a round of formal interviews later this week. Please include me, Tanya Tamarchenko, Ted Murphy, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, Grant Masson.  I asked Liza to talk to you to set up formal arrangements with Enron HR (a contract, fee schedule approval, etc.).  I shall ask you for help next week when we have more information: several members of our group  from London will rotate through our Houston office this summer. We shall need help in making living  arrangements, including apartments, car, etc. Also, we have an employee from India rotating through our group this summer. Please, let me know who is the best person in HR to ask for assistance.   Vince 
 Julie,  No objections. Please, include our names.  Vince 
 vkaminski@aol.com 
  http://www.google.com/search?q=cache:www.essential.org/monitor/hyper/mm0997.04 .h tml+GE+%2B+Enron+%2B+collusion&hl=en 
 Sam,  Nice card.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Ehud,  I shall contact both Helyette and Alex and make the arrangements.  Cheers.  Vince 
 Hi Glen,  Congratulations on your greatly enhanced homepage. As expected some links have become obsolete since March. The landscape in this business is changing very fast.  Vince 
 Approved.  Vince Kaminski 
 Ehud,  Sorry I shall miss you on Thursday.  I shall definitely attend you presentation at Power 2000.  I shall ask about a guest accounton EOL. Typically, such an account allows an outside user to take a look at the system, but I don't think the traders will allow systematic access to the price data over a long period of time by a third party.  Vince 
 Joe Pokalsky Cason 3015 Houston, TX 77056   Phone: (770) 393 7411 (o) 
 http://www.pmaconference.com/ 
 Anjam,  It makes sense to come to Houston for a longer time period. I think that you should spend here at least 3 weeks.  Vince 
 Maureen,  This is to remind you that we scheduled, at your request, regular weekly meetings. We are supposed to meet every Friday at 8:00 a.m.  If I am not at the office, the meeting will be rescheduled.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Steve,  The schedule is fine with me. One consideration is that in 2 cases it would require two, as opposed to one, round trips. Please, talk to  Dale about it and make sure that it is fine with Richard and the RAC  group (they will have to pay for it).   Vince 
 Jim,  I am scheduled to arrive in Austin on May 4 at 10:32 a.m. I shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch. I am flying back to  Houston Friday morning and we can meet for dinner after the class.  I shall have a Power Point presentation on my PC. I can also prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you.  Vince 
 Approved  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, send him a copy of the paper on weather derivatives.   Vince 
 Ted,  Can we hire this guy for our audit projects?   Vince 
 Steve,  Two internal presentations that use a few slides from Blake's presentation.  He developed it under a contract with Enron, but we don't want to use it verbatim.  Vince 
 Hello,  This is the presentations I have promised. Please, send me your fax  #  for more info.  Vince Kaminski 
 David,  Thanks for your message. You can buy extra 5K of Ginnie Mae  Vince 
 http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=7081781&mid=3 878 
 Mark,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Mark,  Too late. I have already got him for mine.  Vince 
 Hello,  My home E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com   Vince Kaminski 
 Mark,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Becky,  Please, take a look at the Allocations sheet.  Vince 
 Gordon,  It was a  pleasure talking to you. I shall ask my assistant to send you the reprint.  Vince Kaminski  Shirley, Can you, please, send a copy of the paper on credit risk management (reprint from the  RISK book). 
 Shirley,  My Power Point presentations for Peoples' presentation,  I need color transparencies. I don't know how many B&W copies we need. You can ask  Lynn Pitofsky about the number of participants.  Vince 
 Cathy,  I shall appreciate 4 tickets, any day. I shall use them internally as a token of appreciation for the members of my group.  Vince 
 Vasant,  My preference is C, because of its portability. The hardware and operating systems change so fast that we have to use the most flexible development environment.   Vince 
 Grant,  It  typically  costs too much time to manage one of these special situations. We have no time unless he brings something special to the table.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  The candidate for Friday. I have already talked to him.  Vince 
 We can hire the person as a summer intern directly (outside the A&A pool).  Shirley, please arrange a phone interview as in the case of other candidates Osman found.  Vince 
 Steve,  I shall E-mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a presentation on Enron (for analysts). You can use a few slides to  introduce the company.  I would prefer not to disseminate the information about the  use of AMC. The industry does not know about it yet and I consider it a very  powerful tool (given its flexibility).  I have the files on my laptop. I shall bring it to work to morrow and send it to you.  Please, remind me about it on Thursday (old age and the hectic pace here start showing up).  Vince 
 Larrissa,  I spoke with Joe Pokalsky. He will be glad to help you. Please, call him at the number 770  393 7411.  Vince 
 Hello,  Please, give me a call. Vince Kaminski, 713 853 3848.  Vince 
 Darrell,  I am sending you 2 technical notes on Enron default swaps: I hope that they will be useful. I shall read the articles on weekend. I am curious if you find these explanations satisfactory.  We are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents for you for model reviews. We still hope you will be able to find some time to review our credit models (for our London credit trading) and  VaR and option pricing related models.  Also, please check your invoices. I still think we owe you money.   Vince 
 Norberto,  I would like to invite you  for a preliminary interview 
 I shall invite him for Friday for a preliminary interview.  Vince 
 Anjam,  Sorry, I am busy on Thursday. I shall ask Shirley to contact you. Friday 9:30 to 10:30 my time would work.  Vince  Vince 
 Soussan,  It looks fine. Look forward to meeting you again in Houston or New York.  Vince 
 Suresh,  It did not work.  Vince 
 Steve,  RISK will give you more exposure in the peer group faster. Shan left (I think they are firing people at RISK - a normal development for a successful company that got ahead of itself).  If RISK does not work, I shall talk to Phelim about speeding the publicatio= n.  Vince 
 Steve,  How are the discussions with RISK about an article progressing?  Vince 
 1.  COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Stretching the figures: Calculating accurate values for companies in the new economy takes more than a grasp of mathematics - a dash of economics, politics and logic would not go amiss, says John Kay:     COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Stretching the figures: Calculating accurate values for companies in the new economy takes more than a grasp of mathematics - a dash of economics, politics and logic would not go amiss, says John Kay: 87% match; Financial Times ; 24-Apr-2000 12:00:00 am ; 1170 words  Do the math. The slogan favoured by Jim Clark, creator of Silicon Graphics, Net-scape and Healtheon, has become the mantra of a generation of consultants and investment bankers. The new economy, they claim, requires new principles of valuation.  C.com is one of the most exciting prospects in business-to-business commerce. It is the world leader in a growing market - annual sales by 2010 are likely to be Dollars 500,000bn. If C.com can maintain a 5 per cent share and earn only 1 per cent net margin its prospective annual earnings will be Dollars 250bn.  If we assume that market growth after 2010 is 5 per cent and discount future revenues at 10 per cent, the prospective value of C.com is Dollars 5,000bn - about 10 times the recent market capitalisation of Microsoft, Cisco or General Electric.  You don't have to wait for the IPO. You can buy shares in C.com right now for less than 5 per cent of that value. C.com is called Citigroup and in addition to its foreign exchange trading, which is the business I have described, you get its other wholesale, retail and investment banking activities and a leading insurance company thrown in.  Of course, nobody would be so stupid as to value Citigroup in this way. Yet I have followed more or less exactly the methodology recommended in the latest McKinsey quarterly for the valuation of new era companies. They use precisely analogous calculations to arrive at a valuation of Dollars 37bn for Amazon.com.  Paul Gibbs, head of merger and acquisition research at J.P. Morgan, recently used similar principles to confirm that assessment of Amazon. He then performed the same calculation for internet service provider Freeserve.  Assume that UK retail sales grow at 5 per cent a year, that 25 per cent of sales take place on the net, that portals capture 50 per cent of these, that Freeserve gets 30 per cent of the portal share and maintains an 8 per cent commission on sales. Multiply these together and you establish that in 2017 Freeserve will make profits of o2bn (Dollars 3.2bn). This, he argues, justifies a value today of o6.50 per share.  But I prefer T.com to Freeserve. T.com has a customer base four times larger than Freeserve. Its franchise is stronger. Its customers are concentrated in the affluent south-east of England, where it faces virtually no competition. Market research shows that more than 95 per cent of its customers use its essential services every day, many of them several times a day.  T.com also has ambitious plans for expansion. At present, its geographical coverage is less than one-quarter of the market in England and Wales. T.com has an interest in south-east Asia. The population of China is 100 times the number of people who today can access T.com services. Even after the recent market correction, T.com, better known as Thames Water, still has a market valuation below that of Freeserve. At the widest point between the old and new economies, Freeserve was worth four times as much.  The reason the Citibank calculation is nonsense is simple, but fundamental. The margins Citibank makes on its forex business vary widely. If you buy small quantities of notes from a bank, the spread is much wider than 1 per cent. If you are a large corporation trading major currencies, the margin is wafer thin. Entry and competition force prices down to the related costs.  In Mr Gibbs's model, Freeserve earns profits of o2bn, about equal to the current profits of Tesco, J. Sainsbury and Marks and Spencer together. And it earns these on revenues of only o2.5bn, so that profits are 80 per cent of the value of its sales. No established business earns margins of that size.  Thames Water is one of a tiny number of companies whose market position is so strong, whose output is so necessary to life, that if it charged five times the current price we would have little choice but to pay. We do have one option - to insist the government intervenes. It confines Thames Water to a return on its capital employed of about 6 per cent.  The idea that profit is a return on capital invested still has some role in new economy valuation, at the level of the overall market.  There is a key formula in the new math. The required yield on a security is equal to the difference between the rate of return demanded from that class of securities and its expected rate of growth. So, if you expect a return of 5.5 per cent from a share whose dividends will grow at 5 per cent, calculations show that the dividend yield should be 0.5 per cent.  This is the calculation done by James Glassman and Kevin Hassett in their book Dow 36,000*. Claiming that sustainable dividends average half of earnings, this yield equates to a price/earnings ratio of 100 - implying a target of 36,000 for the US index.  The trouble with this theory is that it takes too long to produce what the investor is looking for. Investors will receive only two-fifths of the cash sustaining the valuation this century. One-third of the total depends on dividend cheques that will arrive after 2200.  Two hundred years ago, well before the Dow Jones average, prudent, diversified investors would have owned slave traders and sugar plantations, or perhaps a bold speculation in that symbol of the then new economy -a canal. The next 200 years may be more stable than the last and Microsoft and Cisco may prove more enduring than plantations. But we can hardly be sure.  While 5 per cent may be a reasonable assumption for the growth rate of dividends in the US economy as a whole, it is likely that well before 2200 most of these will come from companies not yet founded.  Suppose we accept Glassman and Hassett's protests that their dividend growth expectations are conservative. If you raise them only from 5 per cent to 5.25 per cent, the anticipated value of the Dow Jones average is 72,000. At 5.5 per cent the formula breaks down because the shares of US companies are infinitely valuable. Not even the most credulous dotcom investor believes that.  The math also works in reverse. If expectations of return are 6 per cent rather than 5.5 per cent, the market p/e ratio falls to 50 and the value of the Dow Jones from 36,000 to 18,000. And if equity investors require a return of 8 per cent, you would have to conclude that shares are worth only half their current level.  An 8 per cent expected total return is not ambitious for an equity investor. A day trader might think you were talking about a weekly profit rather than annual. Glassman and Hassett use a figure as low as 5.5 per cent - the return on Treasury bonds - because they argue that equities have so consistently outperformed bonds that there is now no risk associated with equity investment. In other words, because equities are sure to offer higher returns than bonds, the expected yield on equities should be the same as on bonds.  You do not have to be Wittgenstein to spot the flaw. The rules of logic hold even in cyberspace, and so do the principles of economics. Profits are hard to earn in competitive businesses, and markets that are not competitive are usually regulated. The value of companies ultimately depends on their capacity to generate cash for shareholders. Distant returns are uncertain. Share prices are volatile, and investors need to be compensated for the risks. These truths are as valid in the new economy as the old.  By all means do the math. Isaac Newton, who could do the math better than most, gave up an annuity of o650 per year to invest in the South Sea Bubble. In addition to the math, you need the econ, the pol, and perhaps the psychology.  * Dow 36,000: The New Strategy for Profiting from the Coming Rise in the Stock Market, James K. Glassman & Kevin A. Hassett, Random House, 1999.  The author a director of London Economics.  Copyright , The Financial Times Limited 
 Pam,  Another team:  Elena Chilkina Robert J. Guadette Joseph Helms Kenneth Jett Todd Litton MarK Westmoreland   Grade:  A-   Vince Kaminski 
 Darrell,  I shall send youan explanation later today or Monday.   Vince 
 Vasant,  I concur.  Vince 
 Rick,  Aram is coming to Houston, in my view, to explore the possibility of coming back to Enron (given uncertain situation under the Scottish rule at the old Pacificorp).  I shall suggest that he meet  with you and/or Ted Murphy as well.  I can wait for Karen to come back. It's not urgent. We are still working on the volumetric  risk module and the team is making a very good progress. They gave a  presentation today to Rick Carson and me.  We have to decide what comes next  (Asset/Liability Model or Operational Risk Model).   Vince 
 Shirley, Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Van,  I have contacted Mike Roberts. He may have a need for help during the  summer.  Vince 
 Mike,  Any interest? Maybe we can hire this guy through ProStaff?  Vince 
 James,  I hall appreciate a copy of  "A Brief History of the Future."  Vince Kaminski Enron 
 Stinson,  Do we want to revisit?  Vince 
 Sam,  This is the final version of the presentation.  Vince 
 Tony,  No problem.  Vince 
 Grant,  Let's invite him for a preliminary interview.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Van,  Thanks for your message. We are taking a  number of interns this summer,  but the A&A program has closed the books for this year. We were able to reopen the list to add one candidate a few weeks ago, but cannot do it again. We promised it would be the last addition.  Vince 
 Sam,  My column  Vince 
 lsharma@sprynet.com 
 Vasant  You have missed Joe in yuour prsentation.  Vince 
 Bernard,  My coordinates:  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com  Yes, we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the UK.   Vince 
 Nurit,  We are interviewing a number of candidates and will be able to make a decision in the beginning of May.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 Steve,  FYI  Vince 
 Jesus,  I yalked to Aram. I have him on my calendar from 8:30 till 10:00 on Friday. A dinner / lunch on Fri would work for me.  Vince 
 Tony,  6:30 on Saturday  is fine.  Vince 
 Steve,  Are you interested in speaking at this conference?  Vince 
 Eufard,  The person who can help  you with statistical analysis is Alex Kollaros, 3-9806.  Vince 
 Richard,  I  would like to inform you that we decided against participation in your project. Thanks for your interest in having  Enron involved in the study.  Vince Kaminski 
 EPRM DEC JAN 
 Mike,  Here it is  Vince 
 Keith will come here on Friday, 1:00 p.m. for an informal interview.  Any interest?  Vince 
 Tony,  Thanks. What time would be convenient for you on April the 22nd?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Expense check  $3592.76 
 Steve,  Krishna wrote a number of matrix manipulation routines.  Vince 
 Bill,  May I catch a ride with you to the restaurant?  Vince 
 Mark,  Did you have a chance to review the E&P company model (the old cash flow mode) and determine if it can be used by Fred Lagrasta' group.  Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Jesus,  Friday, April 28, works for me. I am free between 8:00 - 10:30 to meet with Aram. Would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner?  Vince 
 Any interest?  Vince 
 Krishna,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Jana,  It was a pleasure meeting  you and John last Saturday. Let's meet again soon. Maybe this film about the suburbs when it arrives in Houston.  Vince 
 Margaret,  Thanks  Vince 
 Krishna,   We  shall have meeting with Kim Watson on Thu at 10:00, 49 C2. It will be followed by a Video Conference with Nebraska at  11:30.  Vince 
 678   579   5129 
 Margaret,  I don't have it. Maybe we can get a copy directly from  the CBOT. Info  Central could help.  Vince 
 Rakesh,  Thanks. I took a quick look at the spreadsheet and I agree with your approach.  I shall spend more time looking at it over the weekend and if I see a problem I shall call you on Monday.  Vince 
 1. M. Soto 
 Maureen,  Your presentation:  Vince 
 Kathy,  Thanks for your message. We are  very interested in talking to Keith. Please, give him my phone number/E-mail address and he can contact me directly.  Vince 
 Shirley,  We plan to use it only for 30 minutes bet 11:00 and 11:30.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Nick,  We may have problems getting the VC location in Houston on  short notice. We are currently on stand-by. We shall default, if we have no other choice, to a phone interview.   Vince     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Steve,  I shall talk to Anjam about it. Our impression here in Houston is that Thomas is quite qualified and we are very interested in him. A few days will not make much difference in the hiring process.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 http://www.cob.ohio-state.edu/fin/journal/jofsites.htm 
 Pavel,  A follow-up on our discussion concerning the wisdom of IMF recommendations for Russia.  Vince 
 Ludmila Kaminski Escondido Village, 32B Stanford University, CA 94305 
 Jarek,  Bardzo ciekawe.   Wicek    Jarek Astramowicz   04/17/2000 10:09 AM 
 http://www.cera.com/client/nap/media.cfm 
 Vasant, Tanya  Any interest?   Vince 
 Shannon,  Thanks for the message. See you soon in Houston. Your message serves as a useful reminder. I have to start work on my presentation.  Vince 
 Frank,  We shall be glad to meet you in Houston. I am sure that we can find many=20 interesting topics to discuss  We can pay for your trip to Houston. I shall call you next week to discuss= =20 the details.  Vince 
 Sam,  I shall have it on Monday morning.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Scott,  I spoke briefly with Edith Terry from our DC office. There is not a good fit for my group but she could be a great asset for you.  I have her resume in case you are hiring and  would like to take a look at her.  Vince 
 Paula,  Works for me. Maybe we should go out and explore some other options in the Montrose/Heights area.  Vince 
 Harry,  In case you are looking for a secretary, here is one candidate.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Vicky,  My affiliation is Enron Corp. My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, will send you an updated version of my bio. Here are the bullet points:   PRACTICAL TECHNIQUES TO PRICE EXOTIC ENERGY  OPTIONS  Definition of an exotic option - pay-off profile - price process assumptions - different sources of risk  Different types of exotic options used in the energy industry - Asian options - spread options - basket options - swing options  Evaluating methodologies for pricing  exotics ???  - assessing the pros and cons  of different techniques - approximations of closed-form formulas - Monte Carlo techniques - trees - numerical solutions of PDEs ???  - applying multi-factor models  to price exotic energy derivatives ???  - building trees for pricing  and hedging exotics  Practical examples ? ANALYSING APPROACHES TO WEATHER DERIVATIVES  VALUATION ? Definition of a weather derivative  Why does energy industry need weather derivatives? - hedging volume/price  risk as opposed to hedging exclusively price risk - the energy industry's exposure to weather: numerical estimates  Different types of weather derivatives used in the energy industry ???  - heating and cooling degree day  swaps and options ???  - precipitation contracts - hurricane contracts - financial options contingent on weather - digital options  Valuation controversy: actuarial valuation vs. valuation based on the Black-Scholes paradigm  Use of Monte Carlo techniques in valuation of weather derivatives  Valuing long term transactions  Practical example   Please, feel free to edit my bullet points to improve my English.  It was a  pleasure working with you and I hope our roads will cross at some point. The best of luck to you.  Vince 
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/world/letter_from_america/newsid_216000/21699 4.stm 
 Shirely,  Please, send the bio.  Vince 
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/world/letter_from_america/newsid_708000/70817 3.stm 
 http://www.samuelbrittan.co.uk/text20_p.html 
 Jana,  We should have tomorrow the movie schedule for the weekend. Saturday around 5:00 p.m. would work for me.  Vince 
 Britta,  Thanks for your message. I have several commitments at the time of the conference=20 and have to decline with regret.  Vince 
 Joe,  Let's talk about it.  Vince 
 Dave,  Thanks for the message. I don't think we need more time.  Vince 
 Joe,  This is a message from the Japanese guy interested in energy risk management. Please, let me know if you want somebody from your organization at the meeting. He will be here next Monday at 3:00 p.m.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Joe,  OK as long as the number is limited. ,Please, check with Shirley regarding lunch. We are already full in this room.  Vince 
 Soto, Milena P.O. Box 66742 Houston, TX 77266 5100 Westheimer Houston, TX 77056  Phone: (713) 522 0141 Fax  : (713) 522 2027 
 Please,  Take a look at this candidate.  Vince 
 Chris,  We don't have yet any report on Broadband that might help you, developed internally by my group. We are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when it's ready.  The person who can give you an introduction  to this market is Ravi Thuraisingham.   Vince 
 Drew,  Dale's msg.  Vince 
 Julie,  I shall track down Fiona.  She may be on vacation.   Vince 
 Kevin,  No problem. Nice thought.  Vince 
 Steve,  Krishna from my group. Krishna can also advise you on Resco participation.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  The invoice for papers I have ordered on-line.  Vince 
 Thanks  Vince 
 Zeigham,  We discussed two options (not necessarily mutually exclusive):  1. summer internship 2. full employment.  Are you interested exclusively in full employment?  I need the answer ASAP, as we are going to discuss the additional summer intern positions this afternoon.   Vince 
 Stinson,  This is the person from UT I mentioned. He is not interested in the summer internship.  Vince 
 Michael.  Thanks a lot for a very quick response. It looks fine.  Please, forward it to Margaret Carson. Please, explain the data source. She may expect NYMEX as the data source for natgas and WTI.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Another possible candidate.  Vince 
 Steve,  It makes sense to meet with Abacus. Retail marketing is very data intensive. If you set up a meeting with them, please, let me know.   Vince 
 Michael,  Can you, please, provide this information. Let me take a look at it before it's released.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Jana,  "Cotton Mary" sounds good. It's a film by Ismail Merchant who collaborated on "A Room with a View", "Howard's View", and other well known movies. It's a story about two Anglo-Indian sisters.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can we send flowers?  Vince 
 Tanya,  Yes, we were talking about Wednesday.  My mistake. Wednesday, April 19 works for me. Let's do it then.  Vince 
 John,  Let's meet on Wednesday or Thursday this week.  I shall give you a call tomorrow to set up a meeting.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jana,  Sounds perfect. Look forward to meeting you on Saturday. Any suggestions regarding the movie?  Vince 
 Approved  Vince Kaminski 
 Approved,  Vince Kaminski 
 Joe,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Michael,  vkaminski@aol.com   Vince 
 Tanya,  Can you coordinate, in my absence, the lunch with IT and credit.  We need the body count and reservation at the restaurant for the 14th.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Carl,  Depends if it is more like financial or insurance type hedging.  I shall leave it to Vasant to decide.  Vince 
 Tom,  The conference in New York is held on  May 18 and May 19. I can visit Wharton the day before.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shrley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Clayton,  No, I haven't.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, review this trip with me.  Vince 
 Great,  Please, let me know. There are several good films playing currently.  Vince 
 Anjam,  Can you, please, invite Gordian Kemen to an interview in London? Stinson, Zimin, Vasant and Krishna can interview him from Houston (video conference).  Vince 
 Shirley, Please, enroll me in this organization.  Vince 
 Thanks   Vince 
 Jana,  Next week would work for me. I am flying to San Antonio from Florida. I shall be back on Sunday.  What about Friday or Saturday next week?  Vince 
 Iris,  Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes. I shall be glad to chat with you.  Vince 
 Jana,  Sorry, I shall be in Florida this Thursday. I am speaking at a conference in Key Biscayne.  Talk to you soon.  Vince 
 Oliver,  Makes sense to me.  Vince 
 George,  Is the dress casual at the conference?  Vince 
 David,  Another trip in the cards. You can catch me at the office on wed or next week at home.  Vince 
 Habiba,  Looks good to me. Pleasure to work with you.  Vince 
 Karla,  We may use 1 workstation in London, 1 in Houston.  Yes, please call Ms. Geman and ask for more detailed price information.  Vince 
 Lynn,  Thanks a lot. I appreciate the information I am receiving from you.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Jens,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Dear Mr. Fujita:  Thank you for you interest in Enron. I shall be honored if you visit Enron and I shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting.  Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713 853 5290) to discuss the exact time of your visit. She will be trying to reach you from our end.  The copy right for the book belongs to the RISK magazine. I shall give you the contact at the company with whom you can discuss the Japanese version issues.  Sincerely,  Vince Kaminski 
 Dennis,  Sorry. My mistake. The address list has a bug.  Vince Kaminski 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Martin  Please, refer John directly to Jinbaek Kim and his academic advisor.  Vince 
 pp2 
 John,  Thanks. See you on Monday.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Soussan,  My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, will call you regarding the time of the meeting. Right now the afternoon is open.  I look forward to meeting you on the 19th.  Vince 
 SHirley,  Can you, please, contact her regarding the time of the meeting?  Vince 
 George,  This is the presentation I promised.  Vince 
 Gary,  Do you like this service? I can tell the guy to stop sending this info.  Vince 
 Approved  Vince Kaminski 
 http://www.libertyforelian.org/thanks2.html 
 Sherri,  Thanks.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Shirley,  Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Test  Vince 
 Peggy,  Friday (lunch, supper),  Sat (breakfast, lunch). One person.  Vince Kaminski 
 Joe,  Thanks for your message. It would be difficult to rearrange  the meeting at this point, given that it was timed around the availability of Jeff Skilling. I doubt we could get Jeff for any other date at this point. We can still adjust the agenda to discuss and address the Content Services issues. I shall work on this with John and Ravi.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, provide this info.  Vince 
 Dear Professor Boyle,  I shall be glad to speak at the conference on energy derivatives  in May in Toronto. I shall call you Thursday morning (Houston time) to discuss the details.  Vince 
 Joe,  It has to be the following week. My mistake.  Vince 
 Trena,  I have received your message. Please, send the model for review to Zimin Lu. Maureen Raymond and myself will work with Zimin to review the model.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, pay.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Cantekin has an interesting background. Please, take a look at his resume. It's on his web-site. Project on radio and TV broadband.  Vince 
 John,  Yes, I did. Looks great. Vince 
 Stinson,  Cantekin's msg.  Vince 
 Steve,  Taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates at low cost and low risk. I would take this person in, assuming you can still run it by the Analyst/Associate program. They closed the books for the summer.  Let me know if you run into any roadblock. I shall try help you from here.  Vince 
 Cantekin,  The summer associate program has closed but I shall check to see if I can get one extra place.  Vince 
 Yannis,  It makes a lot of sense to get this info.  Also, You are welcome to make a presentation to the group this Thursday at lunch.  Please, call Shirley Crenshaw (X3-5290) to coordinate and order sandwich you would like to have.  Vince   Joe, Can you, please, babysit this presentation (make sure we have all the audiovisual equipment we need, etc.).  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Joe,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are inviting Ken Rice and Kevin Hannon to this meeting. We would appreciate if you could speak, together with Kevin and Ken, on strategic directions of EBS. It is important for a group of technical people, with relatively specialized technical skills, to understand the big picture.  I am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting.  Vince Kaminski 
 Kevin,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are inviting Ken Rice and Joe Hirko to this meeting. We would appreciate if you could speak, together with Joe and Ken, on strategic directions of EBS. It is important for a group of technical people, with relatively specialized technical skills, to understand the big picture.  I am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting.  Vince 
 Ken,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are inviting Joe Hirko and Kevin Hannon to this meeting. We would appreciate if you could speak, together with Joe and Kevin, on strategic directions of EBS. It is important for a group of technical people, with relatively specialized technical skills, to understand the big picture.  I am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I would like to invite you to an off-site meeting of John Griebling's organization and the Research Group.  Date:   April 27 - April 29 Location:  Breckenridge, Colorado   As you know, John Griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in EBS. The Research Group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes (for modeling and forecasting Internet traffic flows).  The objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups, to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future.  We are also inviting to this off-site senior management of EBS and plan to have on the agenda several presentations about strategic directions of EBS. The effort of network design and construction currently under way is  unprecedented in terms of its scope and complexity and it is important  for technical people, who often have highly specialized technical skills, to understand the broad picture.  I would appreciate if you could join us for Friday afternoon (April 28) and Saturday (April 29). I understand  that you have commitments on Thursday and Friday morning. We have reorganized the tentative agenda of the meeting to devote Friday afternoon to more general topics.  Vince 
 Tasha,  Yes, I think Li Xiao deserves the bonus.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Gary,  Any interest?  Vince 
 Hello 
 Gary,  Any interest?  Vince 
 John,  No problem. I look forward to it.  Vince 
 Gary,  Any interest in this service? Do you want me to give this guy your name so that he can talk to you directly?  Vince 
 Oliver,  Thanks a lot for your message.  Here is the information you requested:  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com   Vince 
 Bob,  I responded to another message with the correct address.  My last name is Kaminski, not Kaminsky (Slavic names end in ski). This is the source of the confusion.   Vince 
 Bob,  You can address messages to me as:  Vince.J. Kaminski@enron.com   (not Kaminsky).  or  vkamins@enron.com.   Sorry for the confusion.  Vince 
 Ted,  Thanks for kind words.  I have a favor to ask. Jason Sokolov who works with us part-time (he is a Rice MBA candidate) has been accepted as a summer intern. I suggested that he ask for a position with your group for this summer. He works currently with Mike Roberts, 4 hours a day.  Jason is a very bright and hard working person and I can recommend him without reservations.  Vince 
 My column for this week. A graph will follow. The source of the graph is Barron's, March 27, 2000, MW10.  Vince 
 http://jonesgsm.rice.edu/ 
 David,  I am leaving for vacation this weekend and I haven't received the copy of your presentation yet. The window during which I could make changes to my presentation is closing very fast. Let's do the following: I shall keep my presentation as is (this means that I shall use the copy of my presentation I sent to Dawn Scovill  and you this week). If there is an overlap between our presentations, so be it.  Dawn, please use the copy of my presentation I sent you earlier this week.  Vince 
 Rose,  I could not open the attachments. Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Yes, It will be  a swap of one machine for another.  Vince 
 Ravi,  This is a resume of Shirley's daughter. Do you know if somebody in EBS is looking for a secretary?  Vince 
 Jana,  Great  attachment. Thanks. Saturday, March 25 works for me. I shall call or E-mail you from California to talk about the time. Early afternoon would be great.   Vince 
 Paula,  Happy St. Patrick's Day.   Vince 
 Steve,  Yes, please arrange the interview. The resume is very interesting. I shall be on vacation all of next week; you can make arrangements for the following week, Monday through Thursday. Please, include Stinson, Grant and Vasant.  Vince 
 Vadim,  I am distributing your message internally to people who might be interested in your product.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Please,  Take a look at the attached info. Can you use this service?  Vince 
 Ningya,  I shall talk to Beth Perlman about the transfers.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson.  No problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  I have his cell phone: 650 814 9966.  Vince 
 Dawn,  I met David Sobotka from Koch this morning and we talked about  coordinating our presentations. This means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps. Sorry for that. The portions of my presentation will survive (those about valuation paradigms) and I shall add a few more pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives plus more specific examples. David will cover primarily market evolution + plus examples of some standard structures, and we shall both give more interesting examples of specific deals executed by our companies.  I shall send you an updated version of my part next week. Let me know what the deadline is.  Vince 
 Please, take a look at his results. Another model for CA PX.   Vince 
 Stinson,  Yes, makes perfect sense. Brad can start the process.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Pam,  We don't think Wendi has skills required for this job.  Vince 
 Tom,  I am forwarding to you a copy of the message from Nick Bambos. I shall try to catch you for a few minutes today (Monday) to close the loop on this effort.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 John,  Here are the addresses:  mark.palmer@enron.com  gene.humphrey@enron.com  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I was under the impression I sent you a message regarding Brad Romine but I cannot find a copy in my msg folder. There might have been a glitch in the CC-mail and the message did not go through and wasn't  stored.  I wanted to make the following points:  1. Brad will not show up on March 15. He is still working on his dot-com business and wants to pursue this opportunity.  2. My recommendation is that we should draw a line in the sand. Either Brad or a stipend refund check should show up on March 15.  3. I told Brad that  a failure to show up on March 15 will not imperil his future employment opportunities with Enron. We just need clarity and ability to plan our human resource needs. If he decides to re-apply at some point in the future, we shall not hold his  decision  to pursue him entrepreneurial plans against him.  Please, let me  know what you think.  Vince 
 Ravi,  The proposed dates work for me.  Vince 
 Ravi,  It's fine with me. I think the expense is justified (as it's equal to the cost of the alternative).  Vince 
 Celeste,  We shall match the tuition cost. We are very anxious to have Gappy here at Enron supporting EBS.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Paige,  In this case I shall ask Stinson and Zimin to talk to you next week.  I am going to prepare and send you an  outline of a document we can produce on defining and testing hedging effectiveness.  Vince 
 Thanks for the message. I am traveling on the days when you offer the class. Please, keep me in mind.  Vince 
 Tracy,  Confirming the meeting tomorrow, Thursday,  1:30p.m.   Vince Kaminski 
 $933  to Dean Witter 
 Shirley,  Please, enroll me in this course.  Vince 
 Tony,  Great. I look forward to visiting  you and your wife on April the 22nd. No dietary restrictions.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, add Gary Hickerson to the list.  Vince 
 Shirley,  The file.  Vince 
 Anurag Saksena Managing Director, Enterprise Risk GMAC - RFC 8400 Normandale Lake Blvd. Suite #600 Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437 Tel: (612) 857 - 6133 (o) Tel: (612) 943 - 8501 (h) 10273 Antlers Ridge Eden Prairie, MN 55347 ASaksen@rfc.com 
 Anthony,  Thanks for the invitation. What about April 22? I have committed to different speaking engagements, charities, off-sites etc. for all the Saturdays prior to this date.  Vince 
 http://www.co.montgomery.tx.us/phonbook/   Jana Phillips Marketing Manager New York Mercantile Exchange 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002  Phone: (713) 658 9296 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 Jlpnymex@aol.com 
 Karla,  Thanks. Here are Helyette's coordinates:  Helyette Geman Universite de Paris-Dauphine Place du Marechal de Lattre-de-Tassigny 75775 Paris CEDEX 16  Phone: 33 1 44 054 943 (o) 33 1 46 040 110 (h) (f) Fax  : 33 1 44 054 937 geman@cidmail.services.dauphine.fr Helyette.Geman@dauphine.fr  Vince 
 Stinson,  What is SPAV? Is it the basket option model?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ravi,  Sounds good.  Vince 
 Jana Phillips Marketing Manager New York Mercantile Exchange 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002  Phone: (713) 658 9296 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 Jlpnymex@aol.com 
 Jana,  Thanks again for the invitation to join you at the Rodeo. It was a great pleasure to meet you and your husband.  What   about getting together next week for a movie and/or dinner? I shall call you later this week to find out when you are free. I have a trip to NYC on Tuesday and Wednesday, but Thursday or Friday should be fine.  I have  a speaking engagement on April 6 in Florida (a conference organized by Florida Power and Light). This means I shall miss the meeting of the Symphony Partners on that day. Please, keep me in mind for the following meetings and I shall be very glad to join you.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Voucher # 0100015652  for  $359.78   Vince 
 Stinson,  Most recent version of my presentation.  Vince 
 Let me think about a similar publication. Zimin, any ideas?   Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, renew my membership.  Vince 
 Martin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Phone cards 
 Steve,  No problem.  Grant will speak in place, but RISK may not be aware of it yet. You can just register as my guest.  Vince 
 Srinson,  Yes, Sorry. I brought it back one day and realized I left one CD at home. Let me bring it back tomorrow.   Vince 
 Check for ML 
 Steve,  I talked to Sh?n about your paper.  Please, feel free to contact her directly and discuss the publication options.  Vince  Sh?n Millie Risk Books 28-29 Haymarket London SW1Y 4RX Phone: 44 (0)171 484 9740 Fax : 44 (0)171 484 9758 e-mail: shan@risk.co.uk www.riskpublications.com 
 I am trying to track down the Scientific Workplace disks. Please, let me know if you have them.  Vince 
 David,  I sent a message with information to several different units but no response so far. I think people need a specific need to focus and I shall keep the Chicago Partners in mind when a relevant project arrives. I shall resend the message with attachments on CP in a few weeks as a reminder.   Vince  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you schedule an interview for him with Stinson, Zimin and Krishna.  Vince 
 Nurit,  We shall schedule a phone interview for you sometimes next week. My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713 853 5290), will call you to discuss the timing.  Vince Kaminski 
 Hill,  Yes, I think it can be done. I am in London right now and I shall come back next week Thursday.  Please, give me call about it.   Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Jason,  No problem. I am glad I could help. They finally called a few days ago when they had to make the decision.  Vince 
 Nick,  Thanks for your message. Saturday, 11:45 at  the Terman is fine with me. See you there.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  FYI  Vince 
 Bryan,  I talked to Vasant about the model review in London. He thought that he could accomplish this from Houston, but I think direct  communication makes things much easier. I think his trip to London makes a lot of sense. KMV confirmed the meeting on the 20th. We hope to get more information about the scope of their model and assess its the applicability to your business. Vasant, after a few days of immersion in your operations, will be able to assess better the usefulness of the model.  Vince 
 Grant,  Your call. Any day would work for me.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Should we get him as well? It seems he has the right skills. We might have maxed out on the number of summer interns through the A/A program. We would have to hire him directly.    Vince 
 Interview for Lee 
 FYI.  Shirley (3-5290) is making travel arrangements for me.   It makes sense for all of us to stay in the same hotel, irrespective of individual travel arrangements   Vince 
 Shirley,  FYI  Vince 
 Greg,  FYI. I can see further escalation in compensation for quants.  Vince 
 Donna,  Sorry to hear about it. I shall stop by tomorrow  to say hello. It's too bad: so many good friends of mine will be leaving the comapny.   Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Robert,  This is to confirm the meeting on March the 20th at 9:00 a.m. Enron will be represented by Bill Bradford, Bryan Seyfried,,Vasant Shanbhogue and myself.  Could you, please, advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay overnight, close to your location?  Vince Kaminski ENRON  Corp. 1400 Smith Street, Room 1962 Houston, TX 77251-1188 Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :     (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Kevin,  I think it's very important. It is important that our work area looks neat.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Karen,  I have forwarded all the resumes to Charlene Jackson about 10 days ago. I am resending 4 resumes (in the case of Paolo it's a copy of his E-mail message) I have in electronic format. The resume for Gappy will be faxed to you.  Thanks for your help.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Pleae, invite Clayton.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do we still have some copies left?  Vince 
 Gary, Peter,  This is a copy of my London presentation. I expect to make some minor changes to this presentation for March 13.  Vince    Vince Kaminski 
 Ken,  It seems that there may be an Internet bias as well (more affluent and educated households are on-line).  One solution: develop a control group. Arm-twist clerical employees of the School to fill out the questionnaire and also ask them to provide the questionnaire to their friends  and families.  Vince 
 Stinson,  The 1st presentation.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Prof. Peter Tufano Harvard Business School Morgan Hall 377 Soldiers Field Boston, Massachusetts 02163 Phone: (617) 495-6855 Fax:    (617) 496-6592 Email: ptufano@hbs.edu http://www.people.hbs.edu/ptufano 
 Karen,  The total of 5 offers. I sent you 2 CVs electronically, 2 hard copies to Charlene. Paulo's resume will follow.  Vince 
 Ken  I shall E-mail you in an hour or two if I have any comments. Shirley has my cell phone  number.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, include Grant as well.  Vince 
 Remi,  No problem. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw will call you Friday to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Martina,  Thanks.  Vince    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Congratulations.  Vince 
 Sevil.  We are looking forward to having you here. If you want, you can stop by one day and I shall introduce you to Grant Masson with whom you will be working this summer.  Vince 
 Ravi,  I shall leave the decision to Stinson and you.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Deniese Palmer Huggins 1000 Louisiana Street Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002     Phone: (713) 658 9292 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 
 Kevin,  I would like to see the expense reports to monitor the rate at which we approach our group budget limits.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Drogi Panie Andrzeju,  Prosze powolac sie na  mnie.  W. Kaminski 
 Tom,  FYI. I hope to meet Nick Bambos this weekend.  Vince 
 Sreve,  12 o'clock will work for me. Any food, except for sushi. I have to leave at 1:00 for the airport.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince  P.S. Charlene, I am in London till Wednesday. If you have any questions you can contact Stinson Gibner X3-4748. 
 FYI   Vince 
 Ravi,  Maybe Stinson can get on this conference call. I shall be at the office on Thursday only this week.  Vince 
 Amy,  Yes, I am interested. I am in London now, but I shall contact him on Thuirsday.  Vince 
 Ludmila,  You can reach me at   vkamins@enron.com. I am  accessing my mail. Elzbieta was reconnected  to the machine again this morning (Mon).   Vince 
 Ed,  I am glad I got it resolved. Hope you will like the system.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Charlene, I am sending you as promised the information I have about 3 of our summer interns. I shall fax you this morning two additional resumes I have in hard copy.  In the case of Paulo Rocha we don't have a formal resume, just a letter from him with the summary of his skills.  Thanks for your help. Enron desperately needs this talent.  Vince 
 Drogi Panie Andrzeju,  Probuje skontaktowac sie z Jarkiem Astramowiczem, by znalezc sposob dofinansowania Waszej imprezy. Jedyna mozliwosc, by to zrobic jest poprzez Enron Poland. Mnie byloby bardzo trudno usprawiedliwic to z mojego budzetu.  W. Kaminski 
 Ravi,  Our compensation for summer interns is very generous. It's more than what an engineering student expects.  Vince  P.S.  Any progress on the resumes in electronic form? I want to send a package to Charlene today.  Vince 
 Kevin  Yes, it's a good idea.  Vince 
 Mike,  No attachment.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Linda,  FYI  Vince 
 Giuseppe,  Thanks a lot. I would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with Prof. Bambos. We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with some specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor.  Vince 
 Datren,  I am forwarding your resume to our Analyst/Associate program. I talked to them about my needs for the summer and I don't see any problem. They should contact you shortly.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Tom,  Thanks a lot. I shall read it in the plane this weekend.  Vince 
 Shirley,  It will take a lot of effort to compile this list.  Please, remind me about it.  Vince 
 Jarek,  Czy Enron moze pomoc w organizacji tej imprezy? Bylaby to dobra okazja nawiazania wielu pozytecznych kontaktow.  Wicek 
 Shirley  FYI  Vince 
 Thanks.  Vince 
 Mike,  There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES. I shall forward the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management effort.  Thanks for thinking about us.  Vince  P.S. Krishna, Osman,  Can you take a look at the attached resume? Steve has no finance background but his engineering background is very strong.  Vince 
 Liz,  Thanks. Shirley already acted on this.  Vince 
 Brad,  Can we reverse this entry? I shall call you later today regarding Tanya.  Vine 
 Jennifer,  Yes, we shall look at him. Thanks for thinking of us.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 To all whom it may concern:  I would like to register my associate Zimin Lu as my guest at Power 2000 conference in Houston in May. Thanks.  Vince Kaminski 
 Mike,  This one is very good. I am afraid we shall have a few employees left after this test.  Vince 
 Margaret,  I have an economist in my group and asked her if she feels qualified to make a presentation on this topic. I shall keep you posted. I think It would help Enron to oblige.  Vince 
 Maureen,  Could you make a presentation on this topic? It would be a favor to our operation in Nebraska and it's not mandatory.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Osman,  Can you help him. I think his company's profile is in your territory.  Vince 
 Bill,  I forwarded your message to my associate, Osman Sezgen, who supports our Energy Services group. He will E-mail you the name of a contact at Enron.  Vince Kaminski 
 Zimin,  You are the 1st. Feel free to register as my guest.  Vince 
 Grant,  Did Li Xiao refer Alex  to us?  Vince 
 Gwyn,  Try to reduce the number of potential candidates to 3, before I shall get involved.  Also, I contacted HR regarding your promotion. The process has started.  Vince 
 Krishna,  We should invite Kim Watson and her associates as well.  Vince 
 Lynn,  I am forwarding you the resume of a very bright and motivated young man who attended a lecture I gave recently at LSU.  I think we should consider him for an analyst position.  Vince 
 Helyette,  I have just called you at home. I shall try the office as well. Here are my numbers, just in case:  Phone:  (713) 853 3848 (o) (281) 367 5377 (h) (713) 898 9960 (cell private) (713) 410 5396 (cell office)  Fax  :     (713) 646 2503  Vince 
 Donna,  Thanks.   Vince 
 Vince,  Interesting newsletters.   DAd 
 Ben,  I spoke with Anjam and gave him the information about my trip. Here is the short summary:  1. If you are free for dinner on  Sunday, I would be glad to meet with you (as well as Anjam and Steve). I would like to review what's going on in Houston and London.  2. We can arrange the interviews for all  the candidates you lined up Monday afternoon (Tuesday  and Wednesday mornings are the alternative dates). We treat the interviews as internal to the Research Group  and we shall arrange full interview schedules at a later day for those candidates who pass our internal test.  3. Please, feel free to put on my agenda other meetings you think might be useful. Please, coordinate the meetings with Anjam and Steve. I am busy on Tuesday afternoon (I a speak at a conference).  Vince 
 Helyette,  I shall be glad to join you.  Vince 
 Louise,  Thanks. His E-mail address is ekrapels@esaibos.com. The company  coordinates are as follows:  ESAI 301 Edgewater Place, Suite 108 Wakefield, MA 01880 (781) 245-2036 (781) 245-8706  Vince 
 Celeste,  I would like to ask you for a favor. We would like to have Sevil as an intern in our group this summer. She prepares a Ph.D. dissertation  on transmission: a critical issue to the power markets everywhere.  I have also a few other students I would like to take in as summer interns. I shall send you the resumes in separate messages.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, forward my bio to Crystal.  Vince 
 Louise,  Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels. He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL.  Can you give him a  call and chat with him for 10 minutes. He is a good friend of Enron and it would be free ad for us.  Vince 
 Bill,  I am forwarding a memo from Vincent Tang about the new credit model. English may be imperfect but the message is clear.  Vince 
 Steve,  I am speaking at a conference either on Monday or Tuesday. I shall let you know tomorrow the details of my schedule. We can always invite them to visit with Enron in the evening. 
 FYI  Vince 
 FYI Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Conference oin  NYC March. I am speaking.   Vince 
 Jim,  Thanks again for the invitation to visit LSU. Shirley will FedEx the receipts tomorrow.  Vince 
 Martin,  Please, take a look at Question 3. Who is the right person at EBS?  Vince 
 Jarek,  I forwarded your resume to our SAP team leader.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, coordinate this  interview.   Vince 
 Jim,  I know the author but  thanks for the lead.  Vince 
 Zimin, Stinson  He seems to be really interested.  We should set up a formal interview for him.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Impressive. Plz, send one also to Liz and Greg.  Vince 
 Ronnie,  What about structuring and Sean and Margueritte?  Vince 
 Ed,  Louise must be very busy. I sent her another message regarding your request. I shall call her if there is no reply from her within 3 days.  Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  The answer to the 1st question is yes. The project list is fine with me and is still valid. We are an organization driven by the needs of our internal customers.  I shall froward your message to the  person in EBS. Hopefully, we shall get a positive response.   Vince 
 eckao@aol.com   Phone: (713) 667-2765 (h) (713) 743 4716 (o) 
 Shirley,  Please register me and remind me abou it.  Vince 
 Biliana,  I have prior commitments on Saturday, February the 5th. Please, send me more information about the following Saturday. There is a remote possibility I shall have to go to London that weekend. Otherwise, I shall be glad to join you.  Vince 
 David,  I shall be in the office tomorrow (Fri) afternoon. I am working with Maureen here to get some ammunition regarding the Korean economic conditions and prospects.  Vince 
 We are supposed to get back to the headhunter. You can send her an E-mail (please see the first message at the bottom of the page for the address).  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  That's fine.  Vince 
 Jodi,  Chris can set up a conference call with myself, Stinson Gibner and Zimin Lu to discuss the real option applications. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290, will be glad to help him.  Vince      Enron Capital Management 
 www.consumerfed.org/calmkt.pdf 
 Tony,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to meet your wife and havea dinner at your house.  Take care  Vince 
 Davis,  I sent out the memo. No reaction yet.  Vince 
 Steve,  We can accelerate the process. We need some internal approvals. Please, talk to Richard Lewis and  let him know I think it's OK to publish it because it is a very high level theoretical paper.  Vince 
 I have received an inquiry through one of our employees (David Barr) from Chicago Partners, a consulting firm in Chicago. They specialize, among other things, in regulatory economics and could be useful as experts in our discussions with the government and regulatory agencies.  One of the partners, Christopher Culp, is a well known commodity markets expert.  Please, let me know if you are interested.  Vince Kaminski 
 Larry,  I sent the information to Mark Ruane, 713 853 3569. He is the best customer at Enron for real options applications.  Vince 
 Mark,  We are too busy. We shall skip it.  Vince 
 Barbara,  Yes, ECT does not exist any longer. It's safer to say the seminar is sponsored buy Enron Corp. WE have a reorganization every three months.  Vince 
 Ian,  Sorry for a delay in responding to you. I am currently in London, flying back to Houston tomorrow.  The problem is not  with the lawyers. We worked on our presentation materials together with a professor from another university and we agreed to use these materials only internally.  We have to honor our commitment to him. I am sure that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had made a similar commitment to you.  Vince 
 http://eprofile.cera.com/client/nap/media.cfm 
 Shirley, Please, put it on my calendar. What should I buy?  Vince 
 Dear Ms. Wells,  I have forwarded the resume to some people at Enron.   Vince Kaminski 
 Melissa,  Please, take a look at this resume. Any interest? I got it from a headhunter (I don't know her, it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression).  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you please set up the meeting.  Vince 
 Chris,  No problem. Feel free to mention our names.  Vince 
 Jason,  There was a problem with the request. I could not approve it (the system would not let me do it). There must have been a  mistake in the way it was submitted). Please, ask Shirley to resubmit.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks for your concern.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes. No problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, remind me to order flowers for Paula Monday.   Vince 
 Bryan,  FYI  Vince 
 Marek,  I shall send you the article on fuel cells later tonight. I shall be in Portland and San Francisco through the weekend. Any plans for Elisir d'Amore"?  Please, respond to vkaminski@aol.com  Vince 
 Please, take a look at this article:    Vince 
 Oliver,  I apologize for the delay. I was traveling over the last few weeks. Please, feel free to edit my bullet points. I shall be back in the office on Friday afternoon.  In the meantime you can reach me on my cell phone: 713 410 5396  My name: Vince Kaminski   (not kaminsky) Managing Director Enron Corp.  The Challenge of Valuation of Energy Related Derivatives  - Modeling the dynamics of energy prices - Incomplete markets - Complexity of the energy related contracts - embedded options - multiple layers if optionality   Vince Kaminski 
 Mark,  Do u want to send anybody to this conference?  Vince 
 Hello,  I  shall be traveling this week. I shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week. Please give me a call Monday at 713 853 3848.  Vince 
 mpakulsk@swbell.net 
 Slava,  Can we invite Maureen Raymond ( a member of the Research Group currently in London to dinner)?   Vince 
 Mike,  Please, stay on top of this development.  Vince 
 FYI,  Please, take a look at this resume.  Vince 
 Mark,  I agree with you. They do not seem to have the market penetration we need. The benefits don't justify the expense.  I shall notify them.  Vince 
 Celeste,  We can use this guy  as a help for Enron Broad band  Svc's. We are getting many projects in this area.  Vince 
 Jonathan,  Sounds familiar?  Vince 
 Rick & Ted,  One more thing to watch. California power prices next  summer. We see the possibility of higher prices and of spikes (bad hydro conditions in California, growing demand for power).  Vince 
 Mark,  I have an inquiry from a publishing house who are preparing a book on the world power markets. They wanted us to sponsor it (at the cost of 19,000 pounds) but the reaction from our power desks was  lukewarm.  They are offering us an opportunity to advertise in this publocatio. I am attaching the message with the terms.  Vince 
 Steve,  A very good spec.  Vince 
 Larry,  The copy of the article I mentioned to you.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Larry,  The copy of the article I mentioned.   Vince 
 Mike,  Just got it this morning. An area to focus on.  Vince 
 Vernon,  Please, take a look at it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 George,  This is the first cut at the problem you gave us, done by my associate Clayton Vernon. Please, feel free to call him with any question. Your friend should check what were the sermons he gave on April 19 and April 25, in 1998 and 1999, respectively.  Vince 
 Vince Kaminski EB1962 3-3848    Enron North America Corp. 
 Shelley,  My colleague, Clayton Vernon, who has a background in  economics, wrote a short summary of arguments against the ROFR.  We are working on the second approach to the problem: we try to come up with a numerical estimate of the value of this option. The fact that an incumbent shipper has this option has distributional consequences: he has something  of value he never paid for. Having a numerical estimate of the value of this option could help to argue against it. The value of such an option is case specific; so we shall rather produce a template you can use for valuation case by case.  Vince Kaminski 
 Lou,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Fati,  Please contact Krishnarao Pinnamaneni or Osman Sezgen.  Vince 
 Maricela,  EB 1962   Vince Kaminski  Thanks 
 Kim,  Thanks a lot. I appreciate your kind words.   Vince 
 Stinson,  Did you have the chance to audit the UK vol generator?  Vince 
 She  will come on Thu at 10:15.  Vince 
 This person might qualify for the Enterprise-Wide  Risk Management effort.  Vince 
 Ed,  I sent a message to Louise Kitchen who runs the EnronOnline effort. She should be getting back to you shortly.  Vince 
 Louise,  It would be a good commercial for Enron. What can we do to help him and get free publicity?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Works for me.  Vince 
 Anjam,  It's a very good job description.  Vince 
 Rick,  I read your memo regarding Global Risk Management Initiative.  I am sending you the information regarding a related initiative on which I have been working last year and which is moving now into the implementation stage. It's Enterprise - Wide Risk Management and it's really an effort to measure business risks consistently across the company. I hope my group can be helpful in designing the general approach to this problem.  Please, let me know what your thoughts are.   Vince 
 Madre,  Thanks for your message. I was at the meetings all the time.  Vince 
 Rick,  I read your memo regarding Global Risk Management Initiative.  I am sending= =20 you the information regarding a related initiative on which I have been working las= t=20 year and which is moving now into the implementation stage. It's Enterprise - Wide Risk=20 Management and it's really an effort to measure business risks consistently across the= =20 company. I hope my group can be helpful in designing the general approach to this=20 problem.  Please, let me know what your thoughts are.  Vince 
 Jim,  I can send you copies of the  reprints of some papers I wrote or co-authored. Please, let me know how many copies do you need.  I shall prepare power point presentations for the student meeting and for the faculty meeting.  For the students: review of my group (things we work on) with an intention of generating some interest among the students and soliciting resumes.  For the faculty meeting: challenges that energy markets pose to financial modeling. I shall be able to E-mail the Power Point presentations later this month.  Vince 
 Ted, please take a quick look at the outline of discussion notes for Friday.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Any conflict?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Clayton,  I agree. This would happen when there is an insufficient pipeline capacity to move gas. The market developments you describe happen quite often and this is one of the reasons we want to have the model you are working on.  Vince  Vince 
 Walter,  Thanks. My new location  is EB 1962.  Vince 
 http://www.warwick.ac.uk/fac/soc/CSGR/glob-fin.html 
 Darlene,  Thanks. Congratulations and best wishes. Please, let me know if I can help you in any way (driving you home, delivering things from the office, etc.). Hope to talk to you soon.  Vince  3-3848 281 367 5377 (h) 
 Rita,  Thanks.  See  you soon.  Vince 
 Sue,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Bonnie,  Thanks both for your message and for all the help in this difficult matter. I shall try to stop by one day to formally introduce myself.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Mark,  We are really swamped and I would like to keep our involvement in conferences to a reasonable minimum. I can promise that we shall help you with a future conference if it happens to be in Houston.  Vince 
 Ron,  We are really swamped and I would like to keep our involvement in conferences to a reasonable minimum. I can promise that we shall help you with a future conference if it happens to be in Houston.  Vince 
 Alan,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Donna,  Thanks.   Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Tony,  Thanks. Let's go out one night and have a few  drinks.  Vince 
 Jempy,  Thanks.  Vince 
 JoAnn,  Yes, Sorry. 413 was the number on the form I received.  Vince    Enron Property & Services Corp. 
 Bob,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Emma,  Here is the file.  Vince 
 Lucy,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Barbara,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Laura,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Dale,  Congratulations. Well deserved. I am very happy your tremendous contribution to the company has been recognized.  Vince 
 Bryan,  Congratulations. I am very  happy your contribution to the company  and team building spirit has been recognized.  Vince 
 Anthony,  Congratulations. Well deserved. I am very happy for you. Better late than never.  Vince 
 Barry,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Tom,  Sounds great. There are some professors at UT who worked on automated trading systems. I shall review my files and try to locate the paers they sent me.   Vince 
 Meredith,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Rick,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Jean,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Brad,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Harry,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Kristina,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Bob,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Julia,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Paula,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Sandeep,  I sent E-mail msg  from the plane.  Vince 
 George,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Richard,  Congratulations. Well deserved. I am very happy your contribution to the company has been recognized.  Vince 
 Louise,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Joe,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince  P.S. I shall call you Wed regarding a request to sponsor a publication by the Commodities Now magazine. 
 Jeff,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Janet,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Dave,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Harold,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Ray,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Jeremy,  Congratulations. Well deserved.  Vince 
 Damon,  I am in London this week. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 next week, starting Thu.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Bani,  Thanks.   Vince 
 Trang,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Shalesh,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Jordan,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Zhiyong,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Beth,  Thanks. I shall be in London in February.  Vince 
 Rob,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Eklavya,  Thanks.  Vince    Eklavya Sareen                01/11/2000 03:19 AM 
 Bill,  Thanks a lot.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 Jim,  Thanks a lot. Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. March 29 works for me and I shall ask Shirley Crenshaw to call you and agree on the time. I am in London without access to my calendar.  Vince 
 Clayton,  Thanks. Constrained is a term that means "from a tight labor pool."  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Sherry,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Rick,  I have just looked at the memo regarding promotions. Congratulations - well deserved.   Vince 
 Kevin,  Thanks for taking good care of us.  Vince 
 Doug,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Richard,  Thanks a lot.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Let's plan for a celebration next week, Thursday. I shall talk to you about it.  Vince 
 Ding,   Thanks.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks a lot.   Vince 
 Ludmila,  #16 & 18.   Vince 
 Beth,  Congratulations. Well deserved.   Vince 
 Elizabeth,  Yes, manager.  Thanks.  Vince 
 Greg,  These are proposed bonuses:  Managers:  Superior  1. Ravi Thuraisingham  40K 2. Ronnie Chahal   40K 3. Amitava  Dhar   40K   Excellent  1. Osman Sezgen   35K 2. Tanya Tamarchenko  35K 3. Joe Hrgovcic   30K 4. Vincent Tang   30K   Directors:  Superior  1. Mike Roberts   100K 2. Krishnarao Pinnamaneni  60K   Excellent  1. Zimin Lu   50K 2. Maureen Raymond  40K   Assistants:  1. Shirley Crenshaw   6K 2. Robert Moore   5K  You already have the VP numbers.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Shirley,  I cannot approve it.    APPROVE button does not work.  Vince 
 Elizabeth,  We would like to invite Bob Lee for an interview, January 24, Monday. He will be interviewed by me, Stinson Gibner, Zimin Lu, Paulo Issler, Vasant Shanbhogue, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, Grant Masson.  Thanks   Vince 
 Ron,  I am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict I cannot speak at this conference. I want to thank you for considering me as a speaker.  Vince Kaminski 
 Stinson,  Let's talk about it. It seems like an open personality clash developing for the first time in the history of the group.  Vince 
 Greg,  Two things I did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on Monday.  1. Joe Carson. I was very positively impressed by Joe Carson. Enron  badly needs a senior economist of his stature and experience. He has many contacts in the industry and can represent Enron well. He is very pragmatic and, also, I expect a cool head on old shoulders.  One negative is that he wants to work out of New York. The tradeoff is between maintaining  his contacts and working closer with the desks.  2. Tony Mends. I think you, or Louise, should explore the possibility of using the skills of Tony Mends. Tony and I are good friends so I may be biased. I think that he is a very smart and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that relies on processing huge volumes of information.  Vince 
 To whom? 
 Shirley,  Please,  put a regular Enron NA meeeting on Mondays at 9:30 to 11:00.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, ask me about it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Please, look into it.  Vince 
 Stinson,  N o problem.  Vince 
 Shirley,  OK.   Vince 
 Michael,  Sorry, Thursday schedule is full. What about Fri, 1 to 2?  Vince      Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  01/06/2000 08:23 AM 
 Tony,  Happy New Year and Congratulations. I hope you feel better soon.  Let's meet for lunch when you get back to the office.  Vince 
 Janette,  Thanks.  Vince Kaminski ENRON  Corp. 1400 Smith Street, Room 1962 Houston, TX 77251-1188 Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :    (713) 646  2599 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com    Vince 
 FYI,  Please, check with Shirley.  Vince 
 http://www2.bluemountain.com/cgi-bin/BMApc1 
 Michael,  What about 1:00 p.m. Thursday?  Vince      Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  01/05/2000 05:47 PM 
 Shirley,  Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Shirley,  The place to stay is Mariott Financial Center in NYC.  Vince 
 Greg, Liz,  Here are the instructions how to get to Stinson's house.   Directions from major freeways:  From Southwest Freeway (59): Exit on Buffalo Speedway and go south.  (Greenway plaza is on the north side of the freeway.) Pass through stoplights on Bissonette, Sunset, Rice, and University. Turn right on Cason  (the last small street before the next stoplight, which is at Holcomb Blvd.) House is on your left in 2.5 blocks.   From  West Loop 610 : Exit on Bellaire Blvd. and go east  (inside the loop). After you pass the stoplights at Auden and at Edloe street,  start watching for JiffyLube on your right. When you near JiffyLube, turn LEFT onto Sewanee Street. At first intersection, turn Right onto Cason House is on your right.  If you miss the turn at JiffyLube, just turn LEFT at the stoplight at Buffalo and turn left again onto Cason.  Vince 
 Molly,  Stinson Gibner is the best person to interview Mark.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I am recommending Jason Sokolov for summer internship with Enron. Jason is currently working part-time for Mike Roberts and makes very valuable contribution  to a number on-going projects.  We are very happy with his performance and see him as a valuable future Enron employee.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, extend the invitation  to Greg and Liz.  Vince 
 Gary,  I shall stop by in the afternoon. Such a hurricane would bankrupt a few insurance companies.   Vince 
 Shirley,  Feb 3-4 looks  best.  Vince 
 Ehud,  Best New Year and New Millennium Wishes to You and Your Family. Look forward to working with you more in the coming year.  Vince 
 Frank,  Happy New  Year and New Millennium.  Vince Kaminski 
 Lenos,  Thank you again for the invitation. I shall be glad to attend and speak on the topic indicated in the program. One correction: I am a VP.  Thanks  Vince 
 Ben,  Let me review it one more time from this angle. If you don't hear from me by Wednesday, it's OK to post it.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my calendar.  Vince 
 Todd,  Thanks for the invitation to speak on the panel. It was a real pleasure to join you and other leading professionals in the energy area in the discussion on the state of the electricity markets in the US.  I want to wish you a very Happy and Successful New Year.  Vince Kaminski 
 Michael,  Sorry, I was out around the holidays. I shall be glad to meet with you in the 1st week of January. Please call me (3-3848) or my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290.  Vince     Michael Guerriero@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT  12/20/99 02:31 PM 
 Mike,  Thanks. Let me talk to McBride about the comp levels.  Vince 
 Kevin,  Please, talk to Jeff Shankman's secretary about including all the Research Group members on the 31st floor  in the company provided lunches (when they are available).  If an additional  lunch is needed from time to time, it's fine, but it should be seen as a something done under exceptional circumstances.   Vince 
 Shannon,  Thanks. The same to you.  Sorry to have missed your class. I had a very bad case of flu with some additional complications. I shall be glad to make a presentation on the same topic on another occasion.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me. Is there any  conflict?  Vince    Vince 
 Shirley,  Expense checks:  $6,1101.01 $579.69 $624.34   Vince 
 Lonny,  My phone number is 713 853 3848. In London this week, I shall come back next week.  Vince 
 Les,  Thanks. The same to you. Merry Christmas to you and your family.  Vince Kaminski 
 Kevin,  Please, help Stinson.  Vince 
 Bhavna,  Thanks a lot. The same to you. Happy Holidays.  Vince 
 Joe,  He is a research assistant of Prof. Darrell Duffie from Stanford and I met him in this capacity. A very bright fellow.  I could not assess his commercial skills but he has enough common sense to identify the winner (as his interest in Enron demonstrates).  Vince 
 Mark,  FYI. Any decisions regarding our involvement with John?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ron,  No message was attached.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Joe,  I am forwarding you the information about the student from Stanford of Japanese ancestry interested in Enron.  He lives currently  in California.  Vince Kaminski 
 FYI  Vince 
 Pavel,  A commentary on IMF policy with respect to Russia and other countries. Stiglitz is a very bright person and I agree completely with his points. Privately, he is even more outspoken.  Vince 
 FYI   Vince 
 Aidan,  Yes, this will work for us.   Vince 
 Emma,  Thanks. Happy Holidays to you and your team.  I am a VP, Research  at Enron Corp.   Vince 
 Resume for Anurag   Anurag Saksena Managing Director, Enterprise Risk GMAC - RFC 8400 Normandale Lake Blvd. Suite #600 Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437 Tel: (612) 857 - 6133 (o) Tel: (612) 943 - 8501 (h) 10273 Antlers Ridge Eden Prairie, MN 55347 ASaksen@rfc.com 
 FYI  Vince 
 Angela,  No problem. I shall be glad to do it.  Happy Holidays if I don't hear from you.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Any comments?  Vince 
 Clayton,  Please, register for  4 & 5  Wellhead to BurnerTip  course.  Vince 
 Emma,  Mergers and acquisitions are not my cup of tea.  Chairing stream 1 on day 1 seems to be a better match.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you attend?  Vince 
 Emma,  It's your choice. I can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these topics. Please, let me know what works for you.  Possible presentations:  Evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  or  Applying real option theory to value power plants  or  Overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility   Vince 
 Shirley,  Expense check:  $2,953.74  Vince 
 Adam,  Let me gather some information for you.  Vince 
 Helen,  I forwarded your message to my associate Stinson Gibner whom I can wholeheartedly recommend.  Vince 
 Stinson,  This is the request I got from RISK.  Vince 
 Frank,  No problem.  I hope everything will go OK at the interview.  Vince 
 Yes,  I hope they will do OK tomorrow. Thanks for the tip.  Vince 
 John,  What about Thursday, 10:30 a.m.? I have just come back from Europe last night and I am trying to organize my schedule for the next few days.  My phone number is 713 853 3848.   Vince 
 I haven't received yet the final Performance Evaluation Results. The usual practice is to defer the reviews till   the final summary rankings are available.  Please, let me know when I can expect it form the HR.  Thanks.  Vince Kaminski 
 Allan,  I am sending you my coordinates. I expect to be in London around September the 20th.  Vince Kaminski   Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Shirley,  Business, like Ehud Ronn's visit.  Vince 
 Shijie,  Thanks for your message. My assistant will call you to discuss the timing of the visit.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Can you, please, call him and ask what would be best timing. The last week of July would be best. I would like Grant, Alex, Zimin, Krishna and Stinson to meet him.  Vince 
 Mark, Mike,  I have scheduled a video conference with this gentleman on Thursday this week at 3:30 p.m.  Can you join me for this conversation?  Vince 
 David,  I think we should follow the developments and adjust our processes to avoid legal exposures. I heard that Microsoft was hit with a $5 billion suit related to alleged discrimination through the rankin= g=20 process.  Vince 
 David,  I could not open the file. Please, resend. It may be the fire wall  issue or it's a different version of MS  Word.  Vince    Vince 
 Paige,  Thanks a lot for  your presentation. It was an eye-opener in many cases.  I shall schedule a meeting with you next week to discuss how we can help you  in this project. I have some ideas I would like to run by you.  Vince   P.S. Shirley, please see if Monday is OK for 30 mins? 
 Dale,  I cannot read the body of the message.  Vince 
 Ravi,  Charlene wants the entire batch of potential summer intern resumes sent to her in one step. I want to complete this by Friday. Catch me after lunch to talk about it.  Vince 
 Tanya,  I t makes sense to wait till October.  Vince 
 Greg,  One of many data points I have the competition is paying more.  Vince 
 Krishna,  Please,  confirm with Hill Huntington.   Vince 
 David,  FYI  Vince 
 Sam,  Yes, please go around and solicit contributions. You can use my name.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 John and Krishna,  I am sending you an outline of a conference at Stanford on topics related to demand-side pricing and management in the power markets.  Please, let me know if you are personally interested and who else in your respective  organizations would like to attend.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please schedule an interview with Konstantin on May 8.  Stinson, Zimin, Alex, Tanya, Krishna, myself.   Vince 
 Rafal,  Dziekuje za artykul. Ksiazka doszla i czytam ja z wielkim zainteresowaniem. Dam Ci znac, kiedy bede w Polsce. Moze uda sie nam spotkac.  Pozdrowienia  Wicek 
 Barbara,  Sorry to have missed the dinner. I had to work on Sunday to prepare for my trip to London this week. I called Jeff about it and he said that he would let you know.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, forward tot he group.  Vince 
 Nick,  My trip to Stanford is on. I shall be glad to meet on Thursday for dinner. You can reach me at my cell phone (713 410 5396) and at vkaminski@aol.com.  Vince 
 Zimin,  CAn you please call him (exploratory interview).  Vince 
 Duane,  I shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague Dr. Zimin Lu will call you to talk about different structures.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Please, call Duane with the info.  Vince 
 Dear Subroto,  Thanks for your message. Here is my information:  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com   Vince 
 Dear Professor Huntington,  Thursday 10 a.m. works for me. Please, let me know where I can meet you.  I am attaching my itinerary, so that you can contact me if necessary . My cell phone number is 713 410 5396.  Vince Kaminski 
 Gwyn,  Yes, please  go ahead and get a resume book from SAIS.  Vince 
 Norma,  I would like to proceed on two fronts with Sevile (both H1 visa and the Green Card. I shall rather work hard to keep my employees happy here than try to attach them to the job through immigration arrangements. They can see through such arrangements and it de-motivates them.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I fully support Sandeep's request to move Anshuman Srivastav to Houston. I anticipate that we shall be working on Dhabol related issues for the next two years until all the business problems are successfully resolved.  Anshuman is a very capable employee, with the right combination of skills to attack the Dhabol modeling challenge. He understands the Indian markets as well as international fuel markets. He has also a very good grasp of power industry fundamentals and of the technology used at the Dhabol power plant.  Vince 
 Marshall,  A number of my associates. The names are to be determined.  Vince 
 Marshall,  We shall call him on Wednesday after 2:30.  Vince 
 Giuseppe  The dinner is scheduled, as I have mentioned, to you at 7:00 p.m. Wednesday at Il Fornaio, Canaletto Room.  Both you and Eric are welcome to join us.  Vince 
 I encourage everybody very strongly to join other Enron employees at this event. It's a great opportunity to contribute to the growth of our city and to make sure that Enron is not embarrassed  if other energy companies show up in strength.  Vince 
 Celeste,  We shall be happy to take him as an intern (summer asociate).  Vince 
 Valery,  Thanks for the invitation. What is the time frame? I shall be traveling extensively in  March.  Vince 
 Dave,  Thanks. I shall join you there.  Vince 
 steve,  Do you see an intraday bottom?  Vince 
 Sam,  Minor corrections.    Vince 
 Anne,  Thanks for contacting me about this. As a matter of fact, I wanted to talk to  you about it today as this matter was outstanding for a long time.  I think we should go ahead and adjust Gwen to manager, effective March 1. The compensation would be her current base plus 10K. This is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a  manager. Such promotions take place in March and I think Gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management (i.e. my and Maureen's procrastination).   On unrelated and more serious matter. Gary Hickerson is the primary client for Maureen's services. He communicated to me  a few weeks ago that he is unwilling to underwrite Maureen's position (he is in general unhappy with her contribution). This means that Maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave Enron. Given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer will be quite a challenge. Gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to Maureen from his budget. I would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes.  Vince 
 Sam,  Looks fine. I amy have a few small changes on Monday.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Anita,  Done.  Vince 
 Rebecca,  I share some of your concerns regarding Mr. Sud. He is retired and he chose to contact us rather indirectly (or on the spur of the moment). I understand  that things are done differently in different cultures but I did not meet him and could not form my judgment based on personal observations.  However, the information  he gave us seems to be too important not to convey to you and not to act upon.  Vince Kaminski 
 Zimin,  It did not work (start/programs/infobase/fea 2.0.). It looks for a file on my C: drive.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes.  Vince 
 Norma,  Any progress on the Green Card for Sevile?  Vince 
 Layla,  My associate's  name is Tanya Tamarchenko. The E-mail address is:  tanya.tamarchenko@enron.com.  Location is the same as mine, Enron, 1400 Smith, Houston.  Thanks  Vince   P.S.  Shirley, please send my bio to Layla 
 Vasant,  Yes, it's perfect. Please, indicate that the wording was unfortunate.  Vince 
 Shirley,  It's an IT request for Sandeep. Please, help.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Greg,  This is the agenda for the recruiting trip to Stanford next week.  Vince 
 Hari,  Thanks. Please, keep me posted about your progress. Any published papers?  We shall send you the printout.  Vince 
 Ian,  Sorry for a delay in getting back to you. I have one challenge I did not anticipate when I talked to you  the first time about our Real Options internal seminar.  The materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor from another school, and there is some  sensitivity regarding the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the materials outside Enron.  Please, give me some time to find out if I can work around this issue.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, register me  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, invite Jacob  for an exploratory interciew.  VK, SG, ZL, KP, BL, TT, CS, TH  Vince 
 Adam,  We shall  invite you for an exploratory interview.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Pam,  Thanks,  Yes, I need the E-mail addresses as well.  Vince 
 Anita,  Remind me to mobilize the group tomorrow for the occasion.  Vince 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Sheila,  There were some handwritten changes made by Greg Whalley on the draft.. I am sending you a copy  in a few minutes.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Should we make arrangements for lunch? What about inviting Brad Romine: he was instrumental in forming this relationship?  Vince  Shirley, please include on my calendar. 
 Shirley,  Please, make sure that I follow up on this.  Vince 
 Yannis,  I have looked at the outline of the proposed course and find that practically all the topics of the program are the staple of what we do every day. I don't think Research  should spend money for this class.  If we want to establish a relationship, we can easily do it by asking him to work on a research project.  Vince 
 Sheila,  Some minor differences between the draft and the final executed version. I have forgotten to bring the draft today, I shall send  a copy to you tomorrow. There were some hand-written changes made by Greg ijn the draft that were not transferred to the final version.  Vince 
 Christie, Karen and Mike,  This is info about Texas Finance Festival,  a great opportunity to establish closer ties with Texas business schools. You can contact John directly if you are interested in attending.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Am I registered?  Vince 
 Rehman,  Thanks for you message. My group hires almost exclusively people with background in quantitative disciplines (math, physics) or computer programming.  I shall send your resume to some other units in the company that are looking for people with good skills and experience.  Vince 
 Zimin, Stinson  I think I forwarded the message to you. Did we act on it?  Vince 
 Vincent,  Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. I shall be very glad to write a letter of recommendation. Please, send me the forms.  I hope you are doing OK.  Vince 
 Laura,  We shall have phone interviews with both candidates you brought up to our attention.  Vince 
 Dorothy,  No problem. Please, CC-mail  me Tom's number. One of the members of the group has a PhD in computer science and he will join me for the call.  Vince 
 Duane,  Sorry for the delay in responding to you. I shall get back to you in a day or so.  Vince 
 Zimin,  It seems that the academia is catching up. Do you have a realistic case we can show them? Something generic.  Vince 
 Hari,  I shall send you a reprint of the  article. I had to cancel my presentation at San Antonio.  Vince  Shirley,  Please, send a copy of the article to Hari. 
 Shirley  yes.  Vince 
 Moyez,  I could not access the system.  Vince Kaminski 
 Iris,  I think that your badge has  not been activated for the access to the floor after 7 p.m. or the weekends.  We shall take care of it.  Vince 
 Layla,  A few points.  I shall be glad to attend the reception.  I am falling behind in getting my presentation ready. Sorry for the delay. I can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation (or a day before). I have done it on two occasions before (Power 2000 and Power 1999): the copies were produced by our company Copy Center at no cost to you.  My associate, Tanya Tamarchenko, is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and I would like her to deliver part of my speach. It's only fair to give her the credit when the credit is due.  Is it OK to include her as an additional speaker?  Vince 
 Shirley,  Do you know about it?  Vince 
 Kim,  Yes, the offer is coming. It may take a few days to process it, but you can count on it.  Vince 
 Sam,  Here it is.  Vince       Enron North America Corp. 
 Steve,  Welcome back. Let's have coffee ASAP and review all the projects under way.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  This is fine though you are welcome to spend more time with us this summer.  Vince 
 Barbara,  I will be glad to join you.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, set up a meeting with me, Nelson and Vasant.  Vince 
 Mike  Take a look at this  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/newshour_index.html#  and go to Paul Solman's report on gas prices. There is a video capsule of El Paso weather report.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  You can coordinate the details with me. Let me know what the time frame is for you and we shall send you an appropriate offer.  Vince 
 Hello,  Sorry for a delay in getting back to you. We would like very much to offer you a summer internship.  Please, let me know if you are interested.  Vince Kaminski 
 Barbara,  I called Vlady Gorny and explained that the presentation by Jorion is not offered under the umbrella of the  seminar sponsored by Enron and that it is a closed meeting for the School faculty.  I don't think that Enron would open its job interviews to Rice observers who expressed interest and I made this comment to Vlady. He is OK with this.  You can let his program director know that I have explained   to Vlady that it is a meeting for limited audience and that he does not expect to be invited.   Please, let me know the details of the dinners.  Vince 
 Ken,  Please, watch out.  Vince 
 Donna,  FYI  Vince 
 Hi Steve,  I shall call you Friday morning my time.  Vince 
 Hello David,  Coffee early next week would work for me.  Vince 
 Hi Paula,  A friend of mine comes from New York (an interview with Enron on Monday) and he will stay with me on Sunday.  What about a dinner at the bistro?  Vince 
 Vin,  The E-mail address of the person who can help you with a job at San Fran, a brokerage business.   Dad 
 Tani,  Yes, I am aware of it. Thanks for letting me know who is the HR Rep in London.  Vince 
 Bernard,  Yes, I can  read a DVI file. You can also  cc my home address: Vkaminski@aol.com. I shall try to send you an answer to your question on weekend.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I have just talked to Kim. I told her she will receive one.  Vince 
 Celeste,  It seems that the process lasted too long for some students and only Kim Whitsel is interested in the internship at this point.  Her resume has been forwarded to you. I am enclosing it just in case. Thanks for your help.  Vince 
 Bernard,  It seems the msg has been truncated.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Yes, I think I am free. Please, set it up.  Vince 
 Pani Grazyno,  Dziekuje bardzo za wiadomosc. Autor ksiazki przeslal mi egzemplarz. Na pewno skorzystam z okazji, by kupic inne ksiazki Pani wydawnictwa. Any web-site I can access?  W. Kaminski 
 Bernard,  I am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a reprint. I would be glad to take a look at your dissertation. Is it available as a publication, working paper?  Vince 
 Jack,  This is up to the MBA program. I have no problem if they agreed to it. The only constraint is the space and we shall have to address the issue on Thursday during the first class.  Vince 
 Dennis,  No problem.  Vince 
 Philip,  Thanks. You are the best.  Vince 
 Elena,  Can you, please, help wiht this request?  Kevin,  Please, call me if Elena is not in the office on Wednesday.   Vince 
 Anita,  We have to push Steve's presentation  one week forward. Rick Jones will be completing his presentation.  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks for the invitation.  Tuesday would work better for me. I came back from California this morning and I am quite exhausted.  What is the number at which I can reach you?  Vince 
 Marek,  Zadzwonie do Ciebie, zeby sie umowic na spotkanie.  Wicek 
 Molly,  Thanks a lot.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Andy,  Thanks. I shall forward  your message to Prof. Ikenberry.  Vince 
 I am sending you the slides from our presentation for Dave Delainey. Please, update the slides, to account for the reorg and growth of the group. I shall represent Maureen.  Please, make decisions about involving additional people in this project.  Vince 
 Andy,  Thanks. I cannot open the file. Is it a Word document?  Vince 
 Anita,  Good decision.  Vince 
 Konstantin,  No problem, as long as the MBA program agrees to it. I need an E-mail from them.  Vince 
 Jinbaek,  Thanks for your message.  We have a number of additional  fascinating projects that you can work on.  As a matter of fact, it would be great to have you here earlier.  Vince 
 Gary,  I got your message.  The best way to proceed is to establish direct communication between you and Julie and negotiate a deal.  Vince 
 Julie,  No answer  yet.  Vince 
 Kristin,  Thanks a lot for the resume. We shall arrange a phone interview with Richard. This is out standard procedure. A phone interview is  followed by the on-site interview, after we determine what is the best team to interview the candidate.   Vince 
 Judy,  Sorry, I cannot help you on this one.  I already cover a number of campuses.   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Molly,  Please, make arrangements for the interview with this candidate for a  trading position. Interviews with John Lavorato, Jeff Shankman, Gary Hickerson, Stinson Gibner.  I talked to him in New York and he is considering other opportunities, so we have to act fast. I think John will like him more than Punit.    Thanks 
 http://www.thomsonfn.com/stockquote/private/fcgi-bin/tipsheet_ts?group=ts&stq_ tmpl_name=stock_quote.html&ticker=mksi 
 Maureen,  This is the review.  Vince 
 whalley@enron.com  (713) 853-5220  sheila.walton@enron.com 
 Shirley,  Please, arrange a phone interview with Richard. Stinson, myself, Vasant.  Vince 
 Julie,  I  forwarded  your message to the weather desk. I think you can cancel Hyatt and save some money.  Vince 
 Tanya  FYI  Ehud I. Ronn Department of Finance     College and Graduate School of Business University of Texas at Austin Austin, TX. 78712-1179  Phone: (512) 471-5853 Fax  : (512) 471-5073  eronn@mail.utexas.edu   Vince 
 Jeff  My interview with Howard will be scheduled on a different day.   Vince 
 Joe,  This is the most recent offer from Lacima (weather derivatives course). What do you think?   Vince 
 Rachel,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Tanya   713  303 6038 
 Stuart,  I have difficulties opening the attachment. Please, resend as a  .doc file  or  a   .pdf file.  Vince 
 Chaim,  I received a number of phone messages from you. The project is now in the hands of John and I shall be very happy to assist him when he is ready to move. He is looking at the licensing agreement right now.  Till then, I have to wait for him to make  a decision. My role in this project is one of a facilitator, technical consultant.  Vince 
 Jeff,  I cannot interview Howard on Tue (business trip). I think the organization is very interested in him.  I don't know what  "illicts your attention" means.  Vince 
 Rachel,  I would like very much to interview Howard but I am in Philadelphia on Tuesday.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Celeste,  Thanks a lot. Please, let us know whom you are willing to take based on the campus interviews, and I shall absorb the overflow. My experience with the Teams 1 & 3 is that they are outstanding students and we shall be able to offer them a fulfilling summer internship.  Last year we took 8 summer interns into research and all of them very happy with the program.  Vince 
 Phillip,  How can I install new programs on my laptop, without the administrator's privileges?  One example: when I travel I use AOL to get access to my mail and to communicate with the office. Windows 2000 does not allow me to install it.  Also, I have my private statistical software I often use when I work at night during business trips. I would like to load it as well.  Vince 
 Mark,  Thanks. Vince 
 Christie,  Meeting at 5:30 is fine with me. The presentation is at  6:30. I sent you a message regarding a dinner on Tuesday. Can  you join me and Ken Parkhill?  Vince 
 Al,  I left message on Mark's voice mail with the question about his interest in your idea.  Vince 
 Christie,  Look fwd to the trip.  Shirley is sending you my itinerary. When are you flying back? What about a dinner on Tuesday?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Ken  Thanks  Vince 
 Stinson,  No problem.  Vince 
 Kristin,  The problem with this guy is that we maxed out on the number of interns we can gainfully employ and provide adequate supervision. So, we have to pass on him.   Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Michelle,  The name of the DB Administrator for Enpower is Charlene Fricker, 5-3487. Alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve.  I think it's a problem many layers below Gary Hickerson's level of responsibility and I hope we can handle it without using his valuable time.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Julie,  Enron location makes more sense. No reason to pay for the hotel. Also, I think that one day makes more sense.  I contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training course. I think that they would be interested if they got a good discount.  Vince 
 Mark,  Any further thoughts on the blood bank concept? Please, let  me know if I can be helpful?  Vince 
 John,  Did you have a chance to take a look at his presentation?  Any comments?  Vince 
 Sandeep,  Please,  help Margaret with L1 for Anshuman.  Vince 
 Please, put on my calendar  Vince 
 John,  I think it's a good idea. Please, go ahead and call him directly.  Vince 
 Julie,  That's definitely an option.  We can provide the room. Maybe we can cut with you a special deal for Enron and increase the # of people attending. I am forwarding your message to our weather desk.  Vince  Joe,  What do you think about it?  Vince 
 Papers on hedging for Roberts  58911  Vince 
 Krishna  He wants to meet at 8:30 Friday.  Who can join me for this meeting?  Vince 
 Bob,  Can you help Kristin with interviews on Friday? Please, let me know. You can leave a message on my voice mail.   Vince 
 I shall be traveling. Unable to attend.  Vince Kaminski 
 Jim,  I was on vacation last week. I shall be out Tuesday and Wednesday. What about a call next week?  Vince 
 Larry,  I was thinking about the potential applications over the weekend and I think I shall have a proposal for you in a few days.  Vince  P.S. I want to remind you about the favor I asked you about. We would like to talk (no commitments) to the Prediction Company. Can you refer me to your friend.  Vince 
 Joao,  I shall be traveling Tue and Wed this week. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 on Thursday or Friday.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Krishna,  Please, take a look.  Vince 
 Andy,  Please, give me the number of copies and I can order on your behalf at 15% discount.  Vince 
 Tanya,  Looks good. We  should break it up in 2 parts.  Vince 
 Shawn,  I have met Bogdan a few times socially. He graduated from the same university I went to in Poland.  He seems to be a dynamic and a personable guy. He has experience that may be useful to your group.  Vince 
 Pam,  The term papers arrived at my Internet mailbox. I shall be sending you the information as I make progress reading the papers.  First group of students:  Helen Demianenko Javier Lamas Lynn Nazareth Shauywn Smith Carlos Wheelock Sarah Woody  Grade: A   Please, confirm receipt of this message and please double check that all registered students have been graded (to make sure no student falls through the cracks).   Vince 
 Joe,  I shall probably ask Tanya to attend. It coincides with Parents' Weekend at Stanford. Please, send me the slides anyway.  I shall help Tanya to prepare her presentation.  Vince 
 Steve,  I sold EFS. I think insurance stocks are going up on the hopes of further interest rates cuts.  We bought 100 books.  Yes, please, send me the copy of an article.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Christie,  Shirley reserved room 49C1 for Monday 4:00 p.m.  presentation.  Can you  issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game/dinner details? I don't have all the details regarding the Enron Field box and time. I am out most of the day on Wednesday but we can discuss the details on Thursday.  Hope to see you on Saturday at  the concert.   Vince 
 Niniejszym potwierdzam, ze nastepujacy studenci zlozyli prace dyplomowe:  Jerzy Seremak  PREZENTACJA  INSTRUMENT?W  ANALIZY FINANSOWEJ  JAKO PODSTAWA     OCENY  WYBRANEGO PODMIOTU W  KR?TKIM  I  DLUGIM OKRESIE  CZASU              Ocena: Bardzo dobra   WALDEMAR MR?Z  CONTROLLING W PRZEDSIOBIORSTWIE     Ocena: Bardzo dobra  T. Blach  Analiza wskaznikowa    Ocena: Bardzo dobra   W. Kaminski 
 David,  Please, send me an E-mail with you phone number.  Vince 
 Kristin   This is another member of the Tiger Team I am ready to take as an intern.  We shall have enough work for all of them.  Vince 
 Jennifer,  I cannot attend.  Vince 
 Jeff,  We have video facilities both in Houston and London. We shall invite Howard to visit our office in London again.  Vince 
 Dave,  Both days.  Vince 
 Stuart,  I cannot open your attachment.  Vince Kaminski 
 Chris,  Thanks for the invitation. Yes, I am interested in the training course. I shall call Paul Bristow today. Please, give me some indication  regarding the dates.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 (713) 410 5396 (cell) Fax  :      (713) 646 2503 
 http://www.thewoodlands.com/ 
 Stinson,  Let's talk about it at the meeting.  Vince 
 Jeff,  Thanks. We shall try to arrange a video conference with Houston when Howard is back.  Vince 
 David,  It's even better.  Dinner on the 18th works best for me.  I sent your outline to our CFO with my recommendation. I hope to hear shortly from him.  Vince 
 Jeff,  We shall continue talking to Howard when he comes back from NYC. I shall set up an interview with him.  Vince 
 Jason,  Yes, I cannot open it.  Vince 
 Grzegorz,  Ludmila doniosla mi, ze pracujesz w Kalifornii.  Bede w Berkeley w srode i w Palo Alto w czwartek i piatek.  Czy masz czas, by spotakc sie na obiad/lunch/kawe?  Pozdrowienia  Wicek 
 Marek,  Jestem w trakcie organizacji programu interview w Houston. Musze skoordynowac plany 3 - 4 osob, ktore powinny Cie spotkac.  Wicek 
 FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  FYI  Vince 
 Rick,  We are using  SAS.  I am glad you can speak at our lunch meeting on Feb 15.  Vince 
 Alyse,  2 more names.  Please, let Kristin know we can take all these Wharton students.  Vince 
 http://www.latimes.com/business/reports/power/lat_gas010204.htm 
 Ian,  I shall ask our lawyer to prepare a standard non-disclosure agreement.  As soo as it is executed, I shall send you a copy of the binder.  Please, don't distribute it: It's an internal document.  By the way, when is your trip?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Andy,  I am sending you a draft oof a proposal regarding national forum for top finance practitioners and academics. The idea came from a professor at Rice University who has already received a commitment from a number of most distinguished CFOs.  Please, read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining this forum. I shall be glad to help to arrange  a meeting with Prof. Ikenberry.  Vince 
 John,  HTML version of Enron article:   Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Kristin  Another Tiger.  Vince 
 Vince  One of the tigers  Vince 
 Ken, Tom,  Can you, please, forward the evaluation forms to our guests?  Vince 
 Dan,  I am sending you a resume of one of my compatriots who lives in Houston. I met him socially a few times.  He graduated from the same university I did.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Transmission is my 1st choice.  Vince 
 Mark,  This is the latest draft (Fri afternoon), of the paper by John Martin from Baylor. Please, review the draft from the point of view of our PR policy. I shall read it as well.  Vince 
 Sid,   Please, feel free to call me if you hae any questions.  Vince  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Rick,  I shall ask my assistant  to schedule a meeting early next week.  Vince 
 Elsa,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall be glad to join you. Please, send me the details.   Vince 
 Vasant,  I agree.  Vince 
 Rick,  I think you are sending an encrypted message.  Vince 
 http://www.anderson.ucla.edu/acad_unit/finance/workpaper2.htm#wp_author 
 Stinson,  Option 2 would be acceptable.  Vince 
 Molly,  Kim Watson would like us to bring Jacob for another interview. We can do it later this week.  Vince    Vince 
 Frank,  I have on my laptop. It's easier to send it from home. What is your E-mail address. Please cc to vkaminski@aol.com.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Rick,  It did not work.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Rick,  I could not open the message.  Vince 
 Julie,  I am like the godfather.  I shall ask you to return the favor one day.  The address is:  steven.leppard@enron.com   Vince 
 O:\Research\Common\FROM_WJK\CERA 
 David,  Sounds like a safe bet.  Vince 
 Zimin,  Please, take a look at it. I think we should download the update.  Vince 
 Stinson,  We have to let him know that he should get the update.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Panie Tomaszu,  Prosze poinformowac kolegow, ze przesle moje uwagi do niedzieli.  W. kaminski 
 Yes,  I shall be glad to make a presentation. Thanks for considering me.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Who is handling this software?  Vince 
 Kristin,  Yes, we would like very much to have her as a summer intern. I can take her ino my group.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 John.  I want to ask you for a favor. Can you help this fellow (who is negotiating a contract with John Wiley by giving him some advice?  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanks. I printed the fundamental info last night and will wait for the open.  I negotiated a few contracts for  Enron's contribution to a book (Enron was a sponsor).  It's not the same as negotiating as an author.  You can call a friend of mine, John Martin, and he will be able to help you.  Vince  John D. Martin Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance Baylor University, Finance Department PO Box 98004 Waco, TX 76798 Phone: (254) 710 4473 (o) 4474 (sec) (254) 757 0852 (Home) Fax  : (254) 710 1092 (Fax) J_Martin@Baylor.edu http://hsb.baylor.edu/html/martinj/home.html 
 Stinson,  Any resolution on this one?  Vince 
 Please, put on my schedule.  Vince 
 Steve,  I am glad you feel better.  Please, let Debbie know that she should not hesitate to call on me or Paula (or the rest of he Woodlands crowd if she needs help).   Vince 
 Julie,  There are many employees in London  who would be interested. You can send  an inquiry to Steve Leppard.  I had a presentation last night to GARP in Houston and did a commercial for the book. You should put me on commission.  Vince 
 Scott,  Please, take a look at this resume.   Vince 
 Kim,  I talked to Dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his next trip to Houston when we decide on timing of our project.  Vince 
 Articles 
 No, no updates.  Vince 
 Paula,  I cannot open the attachment.  Vince 
 Ludmila,  Skontaktowalem sie z autorem ksiazki i obiecal mi wyslac  ja na moj adres.  Wicek 
 Rafal,  Dziekuje. Jarek Dybowski, nasz pracownik, przeslal mi Twoj URL.  Wicek 
 Jeff,  Correction. Tom Costantino's  phone number:  Phone: (713) 680 8687 (h)  My previous message had a typo.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, send Johan (address below) the info how to get to the building.   Vince 
 Shalesh,  A good idea.  I shall forward it to the AG traders.  Vince 
 Jason,  You should know what these terms mean.  Let's get both.  Vince 
 Jeff,  It seems that NYMEX will not make a decision any time soon or they rejected Tom. I think the latter is the case.  Tom is looking for a trading or origination job with Enron. I think that we can use his expertise here.  Vince 
 Geoff,  You have very beautiful daughters. You must be a very proud father.  I shall try to attend a few sessions of the CERA conference. You can also call me when you are in Houston and we can meet for dinner and/or drinks.  Vince 
 Jeff,  My associates  are leaving for London tonight (Monday). They can still interview Howard on Tuesday afternoon.  Vince 
 Giselle,   Thanks. We want to send him flowers.  Please, let me know when he is transferred to a regular room: I don't think he can receive flower at the ICU.  Vince 
 Jeff, Greg and John,  Our old friend Tom Costantino is interested in coming back to Enron. It seems that his move to NYMEX either will not happen or will not happen for some time.  You can contact him at home:  Phone: (713) 860 8687 (h)  Vince 
 Li,  Can you forward it to the team.  Vince 
 Ken  A tour would be great (after 10:30, if they can make it).  Please, let Shirley know about the meeting.  Vince 
 Rafal,  Dziekuje za odpowiedz. Bede bardzo wdzieczny za ksiazke:  Wincenty Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands, TX 77381 Phone: (281) 367 5377 Cell : (713) 898 9960  Wicek 
 Mike,  Following request has been made for a number of people.  The access requested is: o:\research\power meteorology\weather temperatures - Read/Write Data Approval  Grant  This is what I wrote, denying the request:  The reason for the rejection has been communicated  several times. The person who requested the access does not want it any more.  Granting both read/write access could threaten the integrity of the data.   Any comments?  Vince 
 Clayton,  No problem. I asked Shirley to reschedule.  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 01/29/2001 12:38 AM 
 Shirley,  Please, rescheduule.  Vince 
 Julie,  We received the shipment of 50 books. Thanks.  The book was an instant hit. We need 50 more books.  Vince  P.S. I understand Paul sent you the check for the remaining 50% 
 FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  We want to invite him for an interview, THU, 1-5. Interviews with KP, SG, VK, GK, BR, Molly, CS, Dan Rack.   Vince 
 What is the top grade at Rice: A?  Vince 
 Johan,  Please, confirm the interview on Thursday next week, 1-5.  Vince 
 Dave,  Did you call Mark Koening?  He expected  your call as of Fri noon when he left a message on my voice mail.  Vince 
 Rabi,  You and Tanya  should go ahead with the course you have already registered for. I have just mentioned it  FYI.  I don't see too many problems  with the  course Stinson may help to arrange. The alternative course can be scheduled on premises, late in the day and distributed over longer  time period.  Vince 
 Stinson,  Makes perfect sense. Per head cost is much lower. We shall have enough candidates.  Vince 
 Pam  Thanks  Yes, please, send me the E-mail addresses.  Vince 
 http://ecthou-webcl1.corp.enron.com/research/Index.html 
 Kevin.  Thanks.  I am working on the distribution list and the cover letters.  Vince 
 Al,  Thanks for the update. I hope that you and Mark will come up with a good plan of attack.  I can only regret that my workload does not allow me to participate in this project.   Vince 
 Rachel,  Vasant Shanbhogue and Tanya Tamarchenko from my group will be in London next week. They can meet Howard.  Vince 
 Frank,  Yes.  Vince 
 Sheridan,  I have just checked with RAC (David Gorte) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project. I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details.  Vince 
 Bryan,  Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you? He looked like a great guy for your group.  Vince 
 David,  A reminder. We discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with Prof. Sheridan Titman from UT. Any feedback from Rick Buy? Please, let me know.  Vince 
 Darrell,  Thanks a lot. A quick question: we haven't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews. Please, make sure that we are billed.  Clewlow/Strickland book is out. I shall send you a copy today.  Vince 
 Al,  I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested. Even if we cannot help you here in Enron, he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town.  Please, call him directly and give my name as a reference. (713) 853-7408  Good luck.  Vince 
 Martin,  No problem. Please, ask Stinson as well.  Vince 
 Johan  My apologies for getting back to you with a delay.  We shall be interested in talking to James. Please, let me know if:  1. You have an umbrella agreement with Enron 2. Can we contact James directly, or should we work through you.  Vince 
 Al,  I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail.  Vince 
 Candice,  Maureen was sick for the last few days. When she comes back, I shall ask her to start the process regarding a formal offer for you.  Vince 
 Dale,  I can reserve 2 to 2:30 time slot  but there  is really not much that I can tell you at this point.  The commercial groups are still interested and are moving towards the test of the package.  As soon as they will decide to move ahead, we (Research) shall be involved, helping to evaluate the product. As I have  said, we are not the decision makers in this case.  I think that we should allow simply the process to run its course.  Vince 
 Neil,  I would like to apologize for the confusion regarding Anshuman. We have floated a number of possible scenarios regarding his trip to Houston and there was a lot of confusion regarding the terms (given that I was talking to Sandeep every few days).  Currently, we expect Anshuman to come   to Houston for one month to work on the DPC  project (at Jeff Shankman's request). The lawyers advised me that we need an L1  visa  for him, irrespective of the duration of  his stay.  Sorry for the confusion.  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361 Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 What about 9:30. I have a dentist appointment at 7:45 but I should get to the office by 9:30.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks for the update. Two points.  Please, let Neil McGregor know that many possible proposals were floated with regard to Anshuman and there was some noise in the system. We need L1 visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it. I shall also write to him and explain the confusion.  Also, if I have the choice between upsetting Neil or Jeffs (Shankman and Skilling), I shall choose Neil.  Vince      Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Soussan,  Thanks. See you at 6:30.  Vince 
 Melinda,  Thanks.  Vince 
 Carrie,  We have invited the team to dinner Thursday, 7:00 p.m. Would you loike to join us?  Vince 
 Molly,  We want to hire this very bright young man as a part-time employee, reporting to Mike Roberts. Mike will be contacting you regarding the details.  Vince 
 Soussan,  Nice to hear from you. Dinner on Wednesday, Jan 31 would be great. Please, let me know where you are going to stay.  Vince 
 Aysu  Please, send the resume to me.  Vince 
 Steve,  What about coffee at 10, Thu?  Vince 
 Christie,  Feb the 20th is the best time for me.  Vince 
 Craig,  This is a resume I have received. He does not fit my group. Any interest?   Vince 
 Steve,  What about Thu?  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Steve,  Sign-off from the Research Group is something that requires defining formal rules going forward.  My concern over the last few years was that we were asked on many occasions to sign - off on partial results of valuation, without the benefits of a full picture. Sometimes, we were asked to sign-off on trade ideas, over which we have no control long-term.  I shall talk to Rick Buy and David Port about setting up more formal rules for the Research sign-off.  Vince 
 Steve,  I was delayed on my wait out. I probably hit the stop at 6:15.  Let me buy you a coffee this afternoon. What about 2:00?  Vince 
 Debbie,  This is an update on the continuing Winston saga. Tanya identified the sections of the code that produce inefficiencies but the rest is in the Winston's hands.  Steve Stock is very cooperative and takes a very rational, Enron-first approach to the problem. Privately, my concern is that the code, based on Tanya's report to me, leaves a lot to be desired. The code tends to be a very mechanical implementation of the algorithm, developed without a series attempt to optimize it.  Let's keep paddling along.  Vince 
 Steve,  Around 6:00 p.m.  Vince 
 David,  I am an adjunct professor at Rice. Can I get access to EMBANET?  Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962 Houston, TX 77002-7361  Phone: (713) 853 3848 Fax  :  (713) 646 2503 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com 
 Francesca,  It was nice meeting you in San Antonio. An article from FT on IPOs in case you missed it.   Vince Kaminski 
 Mike,  We are short manpower in London. We shall try to evaluate the software in Houston.  Vince 
 Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Kathy,  What is EMBANET? Do I have access from the outside?   Vince Kaminski 
 Vasant,  No problem.  Vince 
 Steve,  Please, let  me know when you come back. I have detected a tendency to implement different approaches to valuation in the past.  To some extent, it reflects the absence of formal rules for sign-off on the valuation techniques which, in turn, reflects,  the turf wars and the desire by the originators to control the outcomes.  Vince 
 John,  Thanks for the article. I was off for the last few days and I ma catching up with my mail. I shall call you during the next few days.  Vince 
 Kristin.  Kim is a member of the Tiger Team. She is interested in a summer internship with Enron and I shall be glad to take her.  Vince 
 FYI  The list of the delegates from Petronas.  Vince Kaminski 
 Vasant,  What do you think?  He may be expensive.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Norma,  I am sending you an Excel spreadsheet with proposed merit and equity increases.  I have slightly exceeded the merit quota. The equity increases address two issues: retention and and an error in setting a salary at hiring (I tend to be too stingy).  Please, let me know if there are any questions. I am forwarding a copy of the spreadsheet to my home address so I can work on it tonight, if necessary.  Vince 
 Marc,  Thanks for the invitation. I shall attend.  Vince Kaminski Enron 
 David,  I am  sending you the questions submitted by Petronas for our meeting on Feb 8.  Are you going to invite additional RAC people to the meeting (Bill Bradford would be helpful with credit questions, Bjorn may be interested as well).  Vince 
 Steve,  Thanks.  I got out of my LU positions last week.  What do you think of MOT, NT and TXN? Thinking about jumping in after a big drop.  Vince 
 Anita,  Please, catch me tomorrow to talk about it.  Vince 
 Steve,  I can order the books at 15%  discount. I am sending you 4 copies today and will be glad to order  more on your behalf.  Vince 
 Molly,  Thanks. Let's wait for Sandeep: he comes back Wednesday. Anshuman will work with him.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Norma,  It seems that there is a bug in the system. I made an error  mixing equity and merit raises in one column. The system does not allow me to correct the mistake by moving the entries from one column to another. I can enter the changes, but after I save them the system  reverts to original  designations.  As a result, the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity raises. The column totals are misleading.  I am taking a CSV version home to continue making adjustments. I shall work at home Monday (281 367 5377).   Vince 
 Zimin  What about Paulo?  Vince 
 Iris,  Tom Gros is the person who can  help.  Vince 
 Vasant,  FYI  Vince 
 Stinson,  Can you ask Alex and Tanya to interview this guy? I wan to make a recommendation to Celeste based on an this interview.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Molly,  I shall ask Sandeep to do it when he comes back from India next week. I have just learned that Anshuman has B1 visa and he can start on a project as a person delegated by Dhabol Power Company to Houston. To be absolutely above the line, I would still arrange the L1 visa.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  Let's get L1 for Anshuman, just in case. I am sure he will stay here for a while once  he comes. It is quite obvious Jeff Shankman will have to keep him longer, given the priority of the project.  I assume there are no problems with Sandeep.  Thanks.  Vince     Enron North America Corp. 
 Molly,  This is an update on Anshuman. Please, see below. It seems that his transfer is not an issue for the time being.  We can put it on a back-burner till he gets here.  Vince  P.S. The relevant section.  I also spoke about Anshuman, and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time.  However, I have agreement from folks here to send him to Houston for a shorter stint on DPC budget.  I will try to finalize that before I leave.  I will call you in the evening to just chat. 
 Steve,  No problem. It was a very short meeting (most people were out). Yes, I will be in Houston during the week of the conference. See you in Austin and in Houston.  Vince 
 Dziekuje za szybka  odpowiedz. Czy mozliwa jest platnosc czekiem?  Jako alternatywne rozwiazanie prosze podac mi cene w zlotych i moja rodzina w kraju dokona przelewu.  Prosze o kopie odpowiedzi na adres:  vkaminski@aol.com.  Dziekuje.  W. Kaminski 
 Eugenio,  Done.  Vince 
 Khairuddin,  Yes, it's correct. We have experienced problems replying to a number of messages sent by your organization (not just your E-mail address). I shall send you the list of people who will attend the meeting at a later day. We shall have representatives from the crude and LNG trading desks, research and risk control.  Could you, please, resend me the list of your delegates.  Vince  I have invited a number 
 Clayton,  Great news. I would like to sit down with you, Tom and Stinson and review where we are with  this project. Also, I would like to talk to you about your status (finalizing the transfer to another group).  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 01/18/2001 03:21 PM 
 Bryan  Please, take a look at the resume of Howard Haughton. He looks like an answer to your prayers. It's the first attachment.  Vince  P.S. Jeff, the headhunter, can be reached at (949) 813 2241. Please, set up the interview, if interested, through him. 
 Jeff,  Please, take a look at the resume I got from my friend.  Vince  P.S. what follows is a copy of his message to me:  Dear Vincent,  I very much would like to ask you for a career advice. I am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities. Possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself  at Enron Corporation.  I trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues. Beside of the experience of working under Jacob Goldfield an Paul Jacobson at Goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks, I was a part of research effort of John Meriwether group at Salomon Brothers, I headed the European interest options desk at DKBI in London and I have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with Albert Friedberg.  I hold Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT and I have studied under Nobel Laureate in Economics, Bob Merton.  I very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets, trading and research in the field of energy markets.  With my very best regards and personal wishes,  Mark Kierlanczyk Godel Partners LLC 67 Wall Street, Suite 1901 New York, NY 10005 Tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com 
 John,  This is a resume I received today from  my friend. Please, take a look at it. What follows below is a copy of his message to me:   Dear Vincent,  I very much would like to ask you for a career advice. I am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities. Possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself  at Enron Corporation.  I trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues. Beside of the experience of working under Jacob Goldfield an Paul Jacobson at Goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks, I was a part of research effort of John Meriwether group at Salomon Brothers, I headed the European interest options desk at DKBI in London and I have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with Albert Friedberg.  I hold Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT and I have studied under Nobel Laureate in Economics, Bob Merton.  I very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets, trading and research in the field of energy markets.  With my very best regards and personal wishes,  Mark Kierlanczyk Godel Partners LLC 67 Wall Street, Suite 1901 New York, NY 10005 Tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com 
 Jarek,  Dziekuje za informacje.  Ksiazka wyglada interesujaco. Czy moglbys kupic mi jedna kopie i wyslac to do Houston (FedEx lub DHL)? Mozesz obciazyc moje RC: CO# is 0413, and RC# is 107043.  Jaki jest Twoj numer telefonu? Zadzwonie do Ciebie i mozemy porozmawiac o o tym , co sie dzieje na rynku i w firmie.  Wicek 
 Karen,  I shall attend the conference, both days.  Vince Kaminski 
 Khairuddin,  I am glad you received the fax. I shall send you the list of Enron's participants at a later date. I have invited a numbers of  Enron employees representing our different business units, including LNG and crude trading, risk controls group and research.  Vince Kaminski 
 Celeste,  I am a very good customer of your group.  This is another student (this time from Chicago) I would be glad to take into the group as an intern. The resume is attached at the bottom of this message.  Vince 
 Vasant,  I shall take 2 thin  mints and one apple cinnamon.  Vince 
 JIm,  Yes, I would be very interested.  Vince 
 Pam,  Thanks. The list of E-mail addresses would be useful as well.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Becky,  We proably need to meet for a few minutes to explain the way I estimated charges.  Vince 
 Kristin,  I shall be tied up with the Wharton group all day Friday. I am forwarding the message to some members of the Research Group. I hope some of them will be available.  Vince  P.S. To the Research Group. Can you, please, help Kristin?    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Angela,  Thanks for your message. I shall be glad to attend the conference, both days. I shall call Dr. Ronn to discuss my participation.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Ron,  FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Vincent,  I have forwarded the resume to our Analysts / Associate pool with a recommendation to accept David as a summer intern.  I expressed interest in taking him into my group. He may, of course, work for a different unit of Enron. It's up to him and I shall not be offended if he would like to go into trading or deal origination.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I am sending you the resume of David Gershenson, an MBA student from Wharton. He is interested in a summer internship with Enron and I shall be glad to take him.  Vince 
 Christie,  John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers. Please, send him the location info and conform the time (2:00 p.m.).  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, try the E-mail address below.  Vince   --------------- 
 Hi John,  You have a very attractive family. You must be a very  proud father and husband.  Vince 
 John,  I am sending you an old write-up on the risk management system. This is for "your eyes only", though this info is out already. Some people left the company and also the consultants who audited the model use these ideas.   Vince 
 Richard,  Thanks for the invitation. I have already made another commitment but it's conditional on a few  related events (friends of friends coming to town). If the other event is canceled, I shall be glad to join you. I shall let you know in a few days.   Vince 
 Molly,  Yes, March 1 would work.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Dale,  Please, call me on Tuesday. My morning schedule is full but I am open in the afternoon.  Vince 
 Khairuddin,  Thanks for your message. The fax has been sent.  Vince 
 Steve,  My E-mail is vkamins@enron.com Thanks for the tip.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, invite her for an interview. Myself, Stinson, Maureen.  Vince 
 Hi Kim,  I don't see any problem. For the time being, he can keep his desk on the 19th floor as well ( and the same phone number). It will be helpful when he has to work closely with Krishna under time constraint.  At some point, as we hire more people and run out of space, we can move him completely to your floor.  Please, ask your assistant to call Shirley and arrange the move.   Vince 
 Sally,  Congratulations.  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks.  Also, as a follow up: did you receive the check from Paul Quilkey?   Vince 
 Remove 
 Robert,  Absolutely. This is a critical situation. Vince 
 Seth,  Thanks for the resume. Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290, to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Osman,  Vasant is setting up a meeting to review the credit models with EES. Please, call-in or attend when the meeting is set.  Vince 
 I would like to invite you to a meeting with Jeff Shankman on Tuesday January 16, 3:30 p.m.  at Jeff Shankman's office.  We are meeting to plan the agenda for the Tiger Team, a group of about 20 Wharton School students visiting Enron.  A Wharton  tiger team works through a semester on a special project, proposed by a corporation. The team sponsored by Enron works on project regarding the impact of electronic trading on the energy markets. The semester long project will result in a report that will be submitted to Enron for review and evaluation. I hope that  you will find this report useful.  We have invited our tiger team to visit Enron. The students will arrive on Thursday, January 18, and will spend Friday at Enron. I would appreciate if you could find 30 minutes on Friday to talk to the students.  The meeting with Jeff on Tuesday  should not last longer than 10-15 minutes.  Vince 
 Norma,  Thanks for your help.  My phone numbers are 713 410 5396 (cell, always on)  or 281 367 5377 (home).  Vince 
 Tony,  No problem.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
