you give myself or John a call sometime this morning  Pete 3x7277  John 3x3230 
 Louise,  Thanks for your reply to my email.  The fixes implemented over the weekend appear to have worked extremely well.  I am sure that the changes your team made also contributed to the record  147 external and 263 total trades that I executed today.  Thanks for all your help.  Pete Keavey 
 Louise,  Those numbers are impressive without a doubt.  The success has had the unfortunate consequence of showing the limits of our current internet technology.  The delays in messages from the stacks to the website have gotten worse in recent weeks.  This is only anecdotal evidence but as a trader on the system it has been very frustrating.   Regards,  Pete Keavey 
 I will attend 
 Was this the longest year of your life or what??  Pete 
 Louise,  I received the attached questions from Gas Daily regarding our disaster preparedness.  Jeff Shankman asked me to forward them to you.  I would also be interested to know what disaster plans have been made for EOL .  Thanks  Pete Keavey 
 Gary,  I am interested in the Cincy seats.  Let me know if you still have them 
 8910 Bace Dr Houston, TX 77055  713-827-2271 HM 713-851-0372 MB  Anne 
 Kyle is doing fine. Larry is doing pretty well.  We are actually buying Z6 vol for the first time in years.  As far as the rest of the stuff I am so far outside the loop on these things my desk has a different zip code.  Later 
 https://ecthou-webcl1.ect.enron.com/gas/ 
 Is it possible that the Gas Daily swaps that you set up for the west are not mapped for our other gas dailly locations??  That may be the cause of some of our confusion 
 Dale,  To follow up on our conversation, our only problem is in the short description. We would like to make in simpler.  Possibly  reading  " Gas Daily Index" as the product type  Also it seems that the long description in product manager  that we approve while  copying  a product does not match the long description after the product is created ???  Pete 
 I am interested in the crib ,  please give me a call.  Pete 
 Dale,  Please let me know the status of the creation of Gas Daily index swaps. I believe that you have been talking to Mike Grigsby on this issue.  I created the April Gas Daily swap this morning please approve this product also.  Thanks,  Pete 
 Fuzz  Give me a call if you get a chance  Pete    3x7277 
 Ms. Gonzalez,  For some strange reason I recieved your W2 in the mail yesterday.  I am located at 3148C  or call me at 3x7277 and I wil  arrange to get it to you.  Peter Keavey 
 $100 is waiting on 31 
 US Gas  Liquidity  EOL has allowed Enron to simultaneously provide internal and external customers with realtime  markets in many of the physical and financial products that we trade.  The ability of all customers to execute trades and receive instantaneous confimations has resulted in rapidly growing volumes and growing customer participation.  One of the benefits of this system is to allow all customers access to the market prices rather than being funnelled through third party brokers.  Enron has committed to providing both depth of volume and tight bid/offer spreads. This committment has been main driver of the growth in volume since rollout last Nov.29.   Transparency  The existence of our two way market has removed all doubt about the firmness of bids and offers.  We will trade on the price and volume on our bid and offer.   The growing volumes over our system has lessened our dependance on the sometimes unreliable broker served market.  Many of our customers and competitors now use EOL as an information source as well as a trading vehicle.  EOL is the only service that provides free real time information on as many traded markets in the physical and financial worlds.  We have no competition in this regard.  This aspect of EOL has been helpful to the smaller customers that are not primarily trading operations.  Deal Flow  As the market maker on this system we do derive some tangible trading benefits.  We are collecting the bid/offer spread on our transactions and over time this results in a direct bottom line benefit.    Enron's market share of financial tranactions will also increase overtime as we have become the easiest and most reliable way to transact in the market. 
 The gas group would like to roll out some new products and new locations for existing products in the next few weeks. The new products are Gas Daily and Physical index trades. I know that the Gas Daily products currently exist but the long and short descriptions need some work. I should have a list of new locations shortly.  Please let me know who I need to work with to make each of these things happen.  Thanks,  Pete 
 I forgot to create the Hub swap for 18-31 till today. Please activate it  Thanks 
 Sorry,  He has told me that at least 10 times.  Pete 
 Thanks for the note.  Will I be able to cover the child from the time when we get leal custody? There will be a time lag possibly up to a year until the adoption will be final .  Thanks you,  Pete 
 Bob,  Please activate some new Henry Hub Gas daily swaps that I created this morning.  Thanks 
 http://enaresearch.corp.enron.com/research/framework/default.asp 
 please put Oct 20,2000 and Dec 29, 2000 on the schedule as vacation days  Thanks 
 Jeanie,  I work in the ENA gas trading dept and understand that you are our HR rep.  I would like to speak to you briefly about a benefits issue relating to the legal custody of a child.  Please call me at 3x7277 at your convenience and I will give you the details.  Thanks Pete Keavey 
 oh how the truth hurts. As a Texas resident i can tell you that Bush is by far the worse of these two evils.  Never has a more expensive suit been filled by such cheap intellect (or lack thereof).  But as usual whoever is elected will make no difference anyway. 
 Colleen,  It is AGA day could we change the time? 
