counterparties that we don't plan on settling.  Can you please let me know if you are the right people to do this and how long it would take to get this information together?  Thanks Kam  x3-5781 
  Casey,  Barry Tycholiz, the west originator, has put a project in front of us.  I am working on this for gas, could you help with the power side, if you have any deals with these counterparties?  Thanks  Kam 
 Thanks,  I will forward this to Casey Evans to work on the Power side.  KK 
 Could you please each take a section of this spreadsheet and search tagg for any deals with these counterparties.  I need to know the exact counterparty name and if there are any deals with that counterparty for Nov-01 forward.  Thanks 
  Please let me know if any of this reqeuest can be done through CAS.  Thanks  Kam 
 Kim,  Are these physical or financial, or a combination.  Do you know the termination dates?  If not, I will try to get them from the confirmations group.  Thanks Kam 
 Thanks,  Will they also be doing those additional files that are not in the Netco directory?  KK 
  Sanjeev,  will you be here on Thursday and Friday?  I will need your help again with a dump of data before the weekend.  Thanks 
 This is what we have to look forward to.  We need to get all post-id's, for the live and bankruptcy books, and get those to Sanjeev Gupta to dump into excel.  Then try to tie those MTM values back to the Gross Book Balance we reported on the final NGP&L.  Once that ties, we will format the info to fit schedule B.  You can't wait, right? 
 Here you go. 
 Bob,  The estate DPR is ready and will be run on Wednesday and Monday mornings.  Thomas Underwood will be taking over that task from me.  Kam 
  Since you need this as of the 31st, we will have to get Zhiyong the post-id's after we calc. on Thursday and should have this ready to go early next week.  Is that early enough?  Kam 
 These are the official post-id's from Dec 31st for all live deals. We didn't have a "performance" book until January.   I included Canada and EMW at the bottom if needed.  Kam  Bankruptcy book 1452831 1452832 1452833 1452834 1452835 1452843 1452839 
 try this 
 Zhiyong,  We have decided to take the curve history with us to UBS for the attached curves.  We have changed the names for some of the curves so column J has additional curves that we would like to bring history.  We will not continue publishing those in the future however.   Thanks  Kam 
 Sheet 3 has been updated (highlighted) for all TRV users.  I added the admin names in column H.  Thanks  KK 
 The 7849 are all in-the-money financial counterparties and all physical deals we are performing on.  We have gotten shorter because that is not all positions we are reporting.  To the true DPR we are reporting additional books but we were told for this purpose you only wanted the deals we plan to perform on.  We don't need the East/West for gas.  I will fill in those additional columns for tomorrows report.  Will you be sending out a new form or shall I make the changes?  Do you want an email daily or have you set up a file for these to be saved into? Is Canada doing their part?   Kam 
 Here is the gas DPR for last night.  You will start getting this on Wednesdays and Mondays.  Please tell me if this is what you need.  Thanks  Kam 
 Keith,  We are in the process of making new deal tickets for UBS and I would like to get your input.  Could you look at the attached ticket and delete, add or change anything you want to.  Everyone will be using this format for all non-EOL deals, one ticket per trade.  Thanks  Kam 
 Here is our final list of EOL products.   Thanks  Kam 
 Could you please add Derek Baily (dbailey) to the TDS and sitara access list?  Thanks KK 
 No problem. 
 After speaking with Kim Theriot in confirmations, we will not be using the RiskMantra entity, per the legal department.  All Canada to US deals should be booked ENA to ECC (using the new legal entities of course) rather than RiskMantra.  She is waiting on the final word about our new legal entity names, I will let you know what I hear.  Thanks  Kam 
 I am on the 5th floor.  05156.  See you then. 
 Dawn,  Please see the attached trader matrix template.  There were some changes made on the physical global id's.  Steve South was also added on the west desk.  Thanks  KK 
 Good question,  I think we should have an excel template set up with all imaginable necessary info that all traders should use, one line per trade rather than one sheet per trade.  What do you think?  KK 
 Only inactivate those books that don't have a trader name next to it on the book request.  There are only a about 6 that should be inactivated.  KK 
 How about tomorrow morning at 9:30?  I have a meeting at 10:00 and I'm clear around that.  KK 
 That sounds good.  KK 
 Could you tell me what the new Rac website address will be and when it will be ready to use?  Thanks 
 I left a message with confirms....they should answer this for us. 
 Yes ma'am, same as before.  Thanks 
  There is a file under Netco for all currently unused books, rolls and hedge strips.  O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\unused books.  Rather than deleting these, they will remain here until they are needed.  The NGP&L will link to these, once they are needed we will start saving it to the regions file and the links will be updated.  There is also a hedgestrip saved for each book to the live and unused books files.  We should also start creating a common file for each region to post the P&L to the website.  Let's try to keep these the same format.  East has a good file that shows new deals and     curveshift.  West used a macro to pull in finished P&L's instead of updating links which eliminated some problems, Randy could help with this.  Figure out what format you want and use that for all regions.   I think everyone agrees that we don't want to give them a positions file like in the past, they should use TDS for that.  I believe the TRV website should be ready to go tomorrow so we can set up the users and report #'s then.   KK 
 I created an Inactive Books folder in the Netco file for all currently unused books.   O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\Inactive books  They are Texas2, Texas6, East4, East5, Cent4 and Cent5.  Thanks 
 Let Russ know also so he can break this up for TDS.  Have him create a roll up for South and Northwest and a total west that sums up both. 
 Outstanding!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That's the best news I've heard all day : ) 
 Now that we know which traders will be moving over, or we should, we need to make a second pass at the EOL product list.  Can you confirm with your desk heads that the list of names we have is correct, and then update the product mappings by tomorrow afternoon?   O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\controls\Trader-Book template (US Gas)_EOL new books.xls   Thanks  KK 
 Could we change the gas daily intra-month and index to GDM and GDY, rather than GDL and GDX.  Tell me how much trouble that is to change.  IT also made some changes to the physical org region names.  I will have to get you those changes.  Thanks 
