 little left to carve out. 
 Yes - I think Tycholiz sees less value but definitely worth a look 
 Handouts please  Thanks 
 Diary - I will not attend but remind me 
 approved 
  we need a big party organizing for everyone - please sort.  Thanks 
 The gas contracts we need include the following, can you give us timescales. I understand that we have had issues getting these together and time is now running out.  Mark, I believe, has put you in charge or gas -please could you give us a timescale.  Draft Master Firm Draft Master Swap GTC (physical) GTC (financial)   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I believe so  Fine 
 I take it you are not going to decommission my louise@enron.com as it is the one I have on all business cards and all our potential buyers are using it. 
 Shall we toss for who rings back?  Its going to be a long conversastion. 
 This is our initial proposal.  Please feel free to contact Bill. 
 Today, the Euros are coming and John is going to be running this negotiation - here's the bad news they are not coming until 3:30pm today so we may have to work late.  Barry Tycholiz will be running this team. Barry - talk to Andy on form if you need help - you will also need to think about getting some traders available over week-end.  The Schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions/presentations  and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows:  It may be better to split up earlier but I leave all those decisions to Andy.  4:00		Introduction			John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen 4:45		Financial Overview		Wes Colwell 5:15		Risk Overview			Buy / Port 5:45		Credit				Bradford 6:15		Back Office			Beck/Hall 6:45		Systems (EnronOnline)		Jay Webb 7:15	            Mid/Back Office Systems	Jay Webb Infrastructure			Jenny Rub   Please make yourselves available - the meetings will take place in 2991  Tammie - please organize lunch and refreshments etc on John's card.  Tammie - please check availability.  Thanks for your continued understanding.  Louise 
 Yup 
  Please pass to the appropriate person  The following documents are the two agreements which facilitate the online trading.  These contracts govern the actual transaction process and are accepted the counterparty either in writing or electronically. Password Application	-  In writing Electronic Trading Agreement	- Electronically  These documents do not have any customer specific terms (eg credit etc) as they are not intended to govern the underlying commodity transactions, but simply the utiliszation of the website.  If anyone is unclear of how these documents are included please let me, Dave Forster or Mark Taylor know for further information.  Louise       Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Please pass to the appropriate person  The following documents are the two agreements which facilitate the online trading.  These contracts govern the actual transaction process and are accepted the counterparty either in writing or electronically. Password Application	-  In writing Electronic Trading Agreement	- Electronically  These documents do not have any customer specific terms (eg credit etc) as they are not intended to govern the underlying commodity transactions, but simply the utiliszation of the website.  If anyone is unclear of how these documents are included please let me, Dave Forster or Mark Taylor know for further information.  Louise       Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I am assuming one of you comes initially - you or Bob.  We don't mind someone coming later but do need someone in at the beginning.  What do you think? 
 diary 
 The following documents are the two agreements which facilitate the online trading.  These contracts govern the actual transaction process and are accepted the counterparty either in writing or electronically. Password Application	-  In writing Electronic Trading Agreement	- Electronically  These documents do not have any customer specific terms (eg credit etc) as they are not intended to govern the underlying commodity transactions, but simply the utiliszation of the website.  The General Terms and Conditions will be issued to the known Buyer as they do have credit terms etc.  Please let me, Dave Forster or Mark Taylor know if you would require further information.  Louise 
 No problem  Thanks 
 Did you do anything to it - I can't see. 
 The only contracts out before a bidder is awarded are the PA and ETA.  Essentially the set up agreements for online trading.  The PA is one page and the ETA several.  These are standard and not long.  Let's discuss tomorrow. 
 We will be joining post another meeting so probably will not have time to get back to our offices.  Please feel free to phone in from whereever you like. 
 Rick, The list below is our Top 50 counterparty list.  We intend to send our suggested credit headrooms tomorrow morning. Louise  Aquila AEP Dynegy Duke Reliant Mirant Coral Sempra Cook Inlet Energy Supply L.L.C. El Paso Williams Texaco Natural Gas Inc. TransCanada Entergy-Koch BP Energy Company Cinergy MidAmerican Energy Company El Paso Merchant Energy - Gas, L.P. PG&E Energy Trading-Gas Corporation BP Corporation North America Inc. Tenaska Marketing Ventures Enserco Energy, Inc. Calpine Utilicorp United Inc. Constellation Power Source, Inc. Conectiv Energy Supply, Inc. Tractebel Energy Marketing, Inc. EnergyUSA-TPC Corp. e prime, inc. CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company Koch Energy Trading, Inc. TXU Energy Trading Company J. Aron & Company ONEOK Energy Marketing and Trading Company, L.P. Engage Energy Canada L.P. Nexen Marketing Hess Energy PanCanadian Energy Services Inc. Mieco Inc. Cargill Energy, a division of Cargill, Incorporated Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. Virginia Power Energy Marketing, Inc. OGE Energy Resources, Inc. Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P. IDACORP Energy L.P. PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC Texla Energy Management Inc. Avista Energy, Inc. Coastal Merchant Energy, L.P.   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Can you do on gas and power together. 
 The lawyers have come back and ask if you are including any of your global counterparty or contract admin.  Have we covered this function?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Do we include a 'confirmation' group in the plan - I am unsure where it falls on the front plan.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I think its the same again - can you come over for it 
 I had a conversation with Richard Stuckey at Citi and he is still struggling with how to do teh EES carve out.  Can I make the following suggestion. 
 Top 50 counterparties - can you send me the list?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Duran removed him - why was he not originally included? 
 What happened to Don's salary?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I do not understand the Netco/Newco comments.  Clearly at this point Enron the estate should maintain the space until it is sold to a new buyer.  That would be a Don Miller/Fallon final call - but I think its a no brainer. 
 I have asked one of our deal team lawyers to send you a copy of the document. Her name is Anne Koehler.  Regards  Louise  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Pat - please pass to the appropriate person - thanks   I thought it may be helpful to introduce Dave Forster, Dave is the Vice President in charge of the commercial/operational aspects of EnronOnline (that was!).  We do have a relaunch plan in place which highlights critical timings which need to be met over the next weeks.  I hope this will assist you.  The attached document is a high level outline of what needs to be done between ourselves and the buyer.  Should UBS be the winning bidder, we are currently planning to use the website name "ubsenergy.com".  If you intend to give us one of your own doamine names please let us know.  If you have any questions  on the timetable, please do not hesitate to contact Dave or myself, or on the form of the agreements Mark Taylor.  Dave Forster	713 853 1861 Mark  Taylor	713 853	7459   Thanks  Louise     Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
  Scott  Mark Taylor forwarded me your request, I thought it may be helpful to introduce myself and Dave Forster, Dave is the Vice President in charge of the commercial/operational aspects of EnronOnline (that was!).  We do have a relaunch plan in place which highlights critical timings which need to be met over the next weeks.  I hope this will assist you.  As Mark probably already informed you we are taking the opportunity to update the PA and ETA.  Under the timescale we do plan to have these with you today.  Should Citigroup be the winning bidder, we are currently planning to use the website name "citigroupenergy.com, 'ssmbenergy.com' or 'ssbenergy.com'.  If you intend to give us one of your own doamine names please let us know.  If you have any questions  on the timetable, please do not hesitate to contact Dave or myself, or on the form of the agreements Mark Taylor.  Thanks  Louise  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Scott  Mark Taylor forwarded me your request, I thought it may be helpful to introduce myself and Dave Forster, Dave is the Vice President in charge of the commercial/operational aspects of EnronOnline (that was!).  We do have a relaunch plan in place which highlights critical timings which need to be met over the next weeks.  I hope this will assist you.  As Mark probably already informed you we are taking the opportunity to update the PA and ETA.  Under the timescale we do plan to have these with you today.  Should Citigroup be the winning bidder, we are currently planning to use the website name "citigroupenergy.com, 'ssmbenergy.com' or 'ssbenergy.com'.  If you intend to give us one of your own doamine names please let us know.  If you have any questions  on the timetable, please do not hesitate to contact Dave or myself, or on the form of the agreements Mark Taylor.  Thanks  Louise  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Draft EnronOnline Relaunch timetable    Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Contracts cannot be assigned - its that simple.  They have to be offered ou= t to market under an auction like structure just like everything else.  All agreements remain with the Estate and will be managed by the estate.  I will check with Canada on their status but I presume its the same. 
 Seems Marla is the contact. 
 East Desk???? 
 I definitely had a black mat last time.  I would like a black mat again.  In reality this is a picture for a friend so I will copy to her and she can order it directly based on the fact that it doesn't look like I got any discount for being a returning customer.  So Ellie, this is what you want with a black mat.  MTX233-60 Solitude, Lake McDonald   $1030.00  ($936.36 ex GST  for o/seas orders) FRMM60 Mount and mat $198.10 ($180.09 ex GST) Freight $250.00  Fay, please co-ordinate with Ellie.  Thanks for your help  Louise 
 It's long but good.    http://www.oddtodd.com 
 Barry is in Accounting for now, Jim wants him for the estate.  All of that was before you were in.  I had to plan.  I think Barry is an asset - Wes and I don't know where though.  Any thoughts? 
 No - please carry on.  UBS meeting went OK 
 I'll sort 
 It was someone for David 
 I needed the full list tonight - is this all I get.  We are assuming all pipes that we trade today. 
 Is it coming back?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 But what is her status now? 
 HR gave the list to me - I hope they are still getting paid 
  It might help if I told you the shipping address!  Houston, Texas, USA 
 I would like the Solitude, MT,USA photo. Mounted but not framed. Black mount. 60 inches. I would like in exactly the same format as the one you sent me last Christmas of Field of Rainbows.  If you still have that one on record.  Do I get a discount as a returning customer?  What is the delivered price (including Fedex).  Thanks  Louise Kitchen  aka Louise Nettelton 
 Thanks 
 The following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the Netco list.  Please let Kari know on any changes (Jeanie is out).  I assume there are no problems but if so let me know.  Larry Hunter	- Documentation Deidre McCaffrey - Gas Origination Larry Cash - Gas Settlements Jon Lewis - Risk 
 Is Barry Pearce in the list?  See below for alterations 
 Jim Steffes will be contacting UBS through you.  I did Citigroup (hope that's OK). 
 Does seem a bit of an issue - who is in charge of this?  Robert? 
 Shawn  We have had a lot of discussion on the contractual arrangements we would need to put in place in order to recommence trading as quickly as possible.  I am working on producing a fuller list for you today.  However, there is one particular contract/licence which does require special treatment - Power Marketing Licence to be granted by FERC.  In order to ensure that we start this process as quickly as possible we are looking to complete the filing documentation in advance of the bankruptcy decision on our future.  Our current strategy is as follows (all dates are approximate)  Present - January 10th, 2002        Complete filing documentation January 11th                                Visit with FERC (One of senior executives here plus a senior executive from our buyer) January 13th                                 File and request an expedited process  It would be extremelly helpful if you could identify someone for the Head of our Regulatory Group (Jim Steffes) to co-ordinate with at Citi.  Thanks  Louise 
 Yes - all enabling agreements need to be included 
 No master on EOL.  GTC. 
 FYI 
 No  The Weather group is the Meterologists and the Crude group are the original Fred Lagrasta marketers who were spun off under Randy Maffett - they will be brought back into the fold for gas marketing.  So we don't need mid/back office support. 
 I'm so sorry - hope things go ok 
 Can you talk to the appropriate commercial people and get them to decide? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 What happened to savita -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 It is no probs -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 No surprize there -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Can you get me the Calger letter done? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Oh oh -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Yes still need it -when are you back? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Where's Jeanie? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Can you ask Wes to bring the proforma too (15 copies) -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 The meeting is to try and get portland back in line on timings - we clearly should not be in a position to trade physically immediately but within a month.  I am scared by his approach of 120 days for interconnection and 60 for FERC. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Please ask wes to come over for 9:30 or earlier   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 That may be the same for BR -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Good point - assume for now that we are running identical trading books as it should be easy to cut the ones we do not want.  Obviously we shouldn't bother with bridgeline, peoples or anything like that.  Will that work? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I can't get attachments - please send teXt copy -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 If you are in - please can you come to my office if not Tammie please organize a dial in 
 You mean shouldn't be together - good point 
 Portland Meeting 11:30am  Please could you attend. 
 Tammie - please set up a meeting with Chris (he needs to be in a room in Portland for confidentiality) as soon as possible this morning - hopefully before or not long after the 9:30 (portland time power meeting)  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 No I did mean Duran - he told me he had a whole group of people we could bring in and he knew at what cost. 
 Cool - we are ready. 
 Make sure all these people get to the meeting 
 I'll ask he just came by -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Handouts only. 
  No - this is a serious problem  FERC is just a month and probably will be expediated to less than that.  I want all the transmission and pool agreements to start much earlier - what is the problem with starting the negotiation now.  We really cannot accept these timescales - we have always assumed one month and all of this stuff is in place.  I'll be on the phone call  - let me know times/numbers  Tammie - get Liz Sager to attend 
 ARe you still in?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 East Orig was dessimated - we really need to staff up quickly.  Dave has some ideas of people and costs.  Can you get together on getting some people.  Thanks  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Eric Moon resigned Haedicke	Back in Elbertson	Back in  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I copied this email list and copied Rita Wynne, Stacey White by mistake which obviously I shouldn't have done. 
 No real choice - apparently there was an issue with visas so Jay told them they could say no.  Let's revisit Wednesday. 
 The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.  The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-  (i) 	Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)				To be forwarded to Louise These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible. The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002. (ii)	Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)						To be forwarded to Faith Killen First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) (iii)	Seating Plans								Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building. I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. (iv)	Due Diligence We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.  I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.  Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.  If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.  Happy New Year  Louise 
 On Wednesday morning we will be commencing the Due Diligence process with another counterparty.  Andy Zipper has agreed to lead their team through the process.  The Schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions/presentations  and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows:  It may be better to split up earlier but I leave all those decisions to Andy.  9:00		Introduction			John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen 9:45		Financial Overview		Wes Colwell 10:30		Risk Overview			Buy / Port 11:00		Credit				Bradford 11:30		Back Office			Beck/Hall 12:30		Systems (EnronOnline)		Jay Webb 1pm		Mid/Back Office Systems	Jay Webb 1:30pm		Infrastructure			Jenny Rub 2:00pm		HR				Oxley  Please make yourselves available - the meetings will probably take place on 32.  Tammie - please organize lunch and refreshments etc.  Assume Big Pig will bring 8 people.   Thanks   Louise 
 Happy New Year by the way. 
 Great - no changes 
 Any interest in chatting about a job at UBS? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Ring each of the people on the list to make sure they know they have to produce the plan below by the end of the week.  Let me know who you have problems contacting. 
 Just when you thought it was safe............................  We need to start working on getting everyone together who is in Netco in time for the sale of the company.  The ideal move time would be either this week-end or the next.  The idea is that everyone (856) resides on 5 and 6 in the new building.  HR has the most up to date list of who all of the people are.  But essentially the organisation is just a smaller version of what we have today.  All commercial people on 6, non-commerical on 5.  We would need to plan for an office to be created in the room next to mine (but hold off on implementing that piece).  As the credit group is already here (in the room next to mine) - it would be really good to move them first so they do not have to move back to the old building and then back.  Thanks 
 We just need people to give us a week.  Surely they'll give us that long.  How are the new designs coming?  Did you and Avril have a nice Christmas - I am trying to reconnect my UK cell phone - I have been on the phone for 1 and half hours. 
 Firstly, Dave is not responsible for the initial creation of these numbers which was done by Brad Richter before Dave joined the group.  I presume it was based on Brad's evaluations.  I suggest we wait another week to see the structure of the transaction before moving numbers. 
 No attachment 
 Now you're in! 
 I would assume 30mm for planning purposes 
 Can you co-ordinate weather, reg and structuring.  I have some concerns we have missed out some weather models etc. 
 Redmond 175:175 -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 What is the purpose of this? 
 Groovy thanks 
 Oh oh - I suppose it all went to the other Bob.  I thought you were Robert L Hall Jr 
 We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:-  +	Infrastructure		Jenny Rub +	Development		Jay Webb +	EnronOnline		Webb / Forster +	HR			David Oxley +	Cash Management	Tom Myers +	Credit			Debbie Brackett  The rest will be completed shortly.  We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.  Customer Side +	Customers		Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10) Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50) Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) +	Action Plan		Phase  1 Customers Phase  2 Customers Phase  3 Customers +	Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) +	Customer visit schedule  Product Side +	List of Products	Phase 1 - First Week Phase 2 - First Month Phase 3 - First Quarter  Target Number of Transactions +	Phase 1 +	Phase 2 +	Phase 3  IT transfer  Louise 
 Thank you for all coming in this morning - I think it went very well.   Particular thanks to those of you who were supposed to be on vacation.  Please could you all send a copy of your presentations to Tammie Schoppe.  Thanks again  Louise 
 Got it thanks.  It will be Greg Whalley and I attending.  Greg is President of Enron. John is out but will attend next week should we prrogress.  See you tomorrow. 
 The emails I sent out.  Please discuss the meeting and let me know the way forward. 
 Any news from Redmond? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Have thought of a way around this. - Find out as much as you can on why it happened and lets discuss. 
 He will obviously be finally moving to Houston then - clever move! 
 Thanks. 
 So I never got paid (expenses) for my tickets home.  Surprize!!!!!  So if I cancel - obviously as I didn't go.  Can I then reclaim the economy ones I booked for my parents and brother instead as I did not take my 2001 entitlement.  The tickets were all economy (4 x $1374:74).  A lot cheaper still than three business seats.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 As I never used them - when do they get refunded - we then need to net off on expenses and reclaim the family ones.    Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I have never received any expense in my bank account, probably due to the difference in the names on the systems.  This is a huge issue and I need to know how much money is missing immediately and how this gets resolved.  I would think that we issued them in 'Kitchen' and therefore they were bounced by my account which is in 'Nettelton'.  I may be wrong if this is a common problem.  I may never have been paid any.  Please check all expenses going back all year.  This is a huge number which state they have been paid and have not hit my bank account.  Of the expenses showing up not cleared on my bank account I have received none of the payments which I think adds up as follows:  11/13/01	4,069:72 11/10/01	21,010:15 11/10/01	3,319:40  Plus I have a cheque for a prior expense which bounced which is for about $4000.  In pre- petition expenses this is clearly more than $5000.  In post petition - I also have expenses pending which will bounce if the name on the payee does not correspond to the account holder name.  Tammie - please work on this as our highest priority tomorrow. 
 Let's discuss Thanks  Louise 
 nah! 
 Has Brian had his contract yet? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 This will slow us if we go this route.  I think the idea of an option to purchase is the best choice for us but probably difficult for you. 
 What day does it show I was paid for the flights to the UK?  I can't find the payment in my acco9unt.  Oh Oh  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Its pretty critical as the other one is not.  I need the international bar removed  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 All I get is a white screen  Merry Christmas 
   9 am 		Introduction 9:15 am		Infrastructure 						Rub 9:45am		IT - Development & Ops				Webb 10:15 am 		Mid Office Start-up Overview				Hall 10:45		Credit Start-up Overview				Brackett 11:15 noon		Accounting, cash etc Integration Overview		Colwell/Georges/Meyers  11am 		Tour of the building/infrastructure			Donovan  Happy Holidays 
 Citi 
 One of our potential buyers will be here at 9am on Thursday.  The scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule.  This is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive.	 I tried to put Ops first but it really doesn't make sense.  This really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but I wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover.  9 am 		Introduction 9:15 am		Infrastructure						Rub 10 am		IT - Development & Ops				Webb 11 am 		Mid Office Intergation Overview			Hall 12 noon		Accounting, cash etc Integration Overview		Colwell/Georges/Meyers  11am 		Tour of the building/infrastructure			Donovan  Wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail.  Some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - I am arranging with Bill Donovan.   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I have already registered several domaine names in the interest of getting up and running as soon as possible post sale of the business.  I have experience of delays as we have tried to retrieve domaine names where people have squatted intentionally in order to extract large sums of cash.  Should any of the buyers raise any issues - I do intend to use these for the purposes of our new business. I have a lot of them - spurious and real.  Louise 
     Tammie  They know you are picking up the tickets - you will need a photo id too. You need to be in your seats 30 minutes before the show - get a cocktail to take in - I recommend the 'O'.  You probably should pick up your tickets at an earlier time than the show as the queues are horrible  just before showtime. Louise   Thank you for purchasing your tickets through the Bellagio Web site.  This message confirms your purchase, as follows: Performance: "O" BY CIRQUE DU SOLEIL-MON Venue: "O" THEATRE AT BELLAGIO Date:  February 4, 2002 Time:  7:30 PM Number of tickets: 2 Seat: Level ORCH, Section 202, Row W, Seat 1-2 Your Delivery Choice (see note below): Pick up at the Bellagio Ticket Office Confirmation number: 96-16376  A printed version of this page, along with a photo ID and the credit card used to make this purchase must be presented to obtain your tickets.  Only the credit card holder may pick up tickets.  Third-party billing will not be accepted.   Tickets may be picked up at the Bellagio Ticket Office at your earliest convenience, but no later than one hour prior to showtime.  Otherwise, your reservation is subject to cancellation.   Ticket office hours are 9am to 11pm Friday through Tuesday; 9am to 9pm Wednesday and Thursday.  Theatre doors open one hour prior to showtime.  Please be seated 30 minutes prior to the performance.  Late arrivals will be seated at the proper  interval during the performance.  No cameras or recording devices are permitted inside the Theatre.  If you need more information on your purchase, please contact the Bellagio Ticket Office by calling (888) 488-7111.    Reserve a room online at Bellagio: http://mirage.roomsexpress.com/cgi-bin/ConvHouz.exe?RequestCode=100&VendorFrom=RBG    Explore the world of Cirque du Soleil and take a virtual backstage tour of "O" at http://www.cirquedusoleil.com 
 Did we get from Lisa the appropriate internal account opening form from Lisa yet? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 All gas at least 
 Cheers big ears 
 I really need that email done,  if we can't do it with IT then Tammie can do it in the morning.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 OK  Please check with Don Miller too.  Netco does not want San Francisco going forward and probably not Chicago. 
 Ooops sorry I forgot.    David/Amy  Please send a list of names in Netco to Sally and Bob.  Please remove comp data.  Thanks  Louise 
 Liz  Letter for Greg to send to Sempra asap. 
 This is the wording required for employment contracts for Canada which resolves the tax issue.  Please discuss and include with Buyers  Thanks 
  Apparently so.  If you get a copy let me have a copy too please.  I'll try Mark 
 To be honest you guys need to continue organizing this as we have no idea what is going on in the creditors committee - I didn't even know they were here until Mark rang me.  You can have whichever resources you want although Berney is EES.  I would suggest you continue to lead the effort though. 
 Still seeking response.  Can you help 
 CITY	GISID	EMPLOYEE_NAME Calgary	52	Employees	Office  Chicago	5	Employees	Enovate Joint Venture - discussion pending on fate  Denver	3	Employees	To be discussed  Dublin	1	Employee	At home  Houston	699	Employees	Office    Monterrey	3	Employees	To be discussed  New York City	2	Employees	To be discussed  Norcross	1	Employee	At home  Portland	78	Employees	Office  San Francisco	2	Employees	At home    Toronto	9	Employees	Office  Washington	1	Employee	At home   856	Employees   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Not quite sure where we ended up on this lot but clearly some of the below are Enron Europe's, so we do not need to bother with them. 
 Sorry its all prepetition.  I already claimed the flights, now I will not be using them as I can not go home.  I am using the money to pay for my parents's flights although not all of the money will be used.  The rest of the money I intend to offset against expense checks which bounced.    Should there be an imbalance - I will sort this out with Enron once payments have been completed on expense checks.  OK? 
 I take it I do not need to do this? 
 I read Anne's document - does that not work?  What is John Casaucoumeq's title? 
 As you know I have Business Flights home each year under my contract.  As I will be unable to travel to the UK due to the requirement to be in Houston over the holidays I intend to use them for my parents, borther and sister-in-law.  Any difference in the cost I intend to cover or offset against the cheques from expenses which bounced until we can figure out whether Enron intends to meet expense payments. 
 1. Estate / Buyer pays $12.5mm in 2001 bonus payments to approx 600 people.  To be delivered as retention payments.  2. Retention pool to be established $50mm (75% cash 25% stock).  This money to be provided by the Buyer outside of the established Bonus pool.  3. Cash to be paid 33% on signing 33% in 6 months from signing 33% in 12 months from signing  4. Contracts: (i) 	70% of Top 10 - 2 year (within 3 days of signing) (ii) 	70% of Top 20 - 1 year (within 7 days of signing) (iii) 	70% of Top 50 - 1 year or retention (to be established on average pay for 2001) (within 60 days of signing)  Top 10 to be identified as: Whalley Lavorato Kitchen Colwell Milnthorp Calger Shively Allen Webb Bradford  Top 20 Top 10 plus Belden Arnold Sturm Presto Davis Zufferli Swerzbin Benson Tycholiz Martin 
   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 We now have a structure in place dealing with Enron Americas estate and ensuring that we best maximize all of our contractual and asset positions.  This team will be headed by Don Miller going forward please help him and the team as this is our highest priority.  Some areas of this organization remain blank and will be completed by Don and the head of the appropriate business unit.  There are some areas which will also be dual tasking for a period.   Louise 
 Thanks  Louise 
 finally read it - I thought it was pretty crappy.  I am spending all my days in credit.  Head above water but only just. 
 It never rains when it pours! 
 Do the innocuouss route and send them a letter stating you will change it at the next available/scheduled GTC change would be my suggestion.  Also just to confirm no GTC  changes on anything for the near future.  Thanks  Louise 
 Attachment shows where we ended up.  I really don't think it helps if we have customers read only on EOL. How does that hurt us?  It certainly helps them - I think you have a publicity nightmare too . We should probably talk but I am more of the opinion we'll take anyone's credit now and risk reducing helps them to keep trading potentially.   AEP sent us a very threatening letter.  Way outside of their contractual rights. 
 sorry missing the message  When are the payments and how much are they if we keep moving forward as I am not prepared to write down a 23mm loss.  Payments and payment dates please.  Thanks  Louise  Please say not soon too. 
 ignore the other one 
 New onecoming tomorrow 
 go slow on this - in terms of closing ref money out the door 
 2024247643 is the fax.  Please fax and courier original. 
 Not good really for me as I was finally hoping to get paid this year -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I am all over it -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Is it bad? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Not in the near future -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 In the budget numbers we had a headcount of 638.  I would like a list of all of those employees of Enron North America, with work numbers, home phone numbers, cell phones and pagers.  I would also like the same for EES wholesale.  It may be easy to do this by looking at the floor plans for the new buildings. 
 Please ring Lavo on 37991 
 What arr you up to with Vince -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 is Lisa doing ok on the LC wrap? 
 Greg, Mark and I met with the Estate this morning and Canada did come up in terms of the Transistional Services agreement.  Could you let us see Kyle's request and we'll try and help from this end.  How many people is he asking for to be seconded to the Estate.  I am concerned over IT requirements as we never developed this software in the first place - it was created by Razorfish.  In terms of 5, the person dealing with this is actually Per Dyrvik who is going to set up a conference call for us this morning.  Peter - tried to ring you. Give me a call when you are free. 
 Lisa now has everything.  She Mauy have been told she had people but Nobody had started.  I will be checking up with lisa -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 LC wrap  I need this for Tuesday/Wednesday.  This is a the high priority. I have given Lisa all the resources.  We need this. 
 Mary is working up all the options on severance and furloughs.  She will have all the data and legal perspectives whenever we need to push a botton if we button.  Louise 
     West Power Desk Assuming book outs 	2,208MW of 70,000MW (3.15%) No book outs		44,167MW of 70,000MW (63%)  East Power Desk  West: Gross 1,500,000 MWhs If it all goes physical (if people stop taking us), entire western market would be exposed by  750,000/24 31,250 average megawatts per day or as most of it is on peak 650,000/16 40,000MWs average on peaks / 70,000MWs entire market 100,000/24 4,167MWs of off peak  Total 44,167MWs out of 70,000MWs total market  Assuming book out of 95% 2,208MWs out of 70,000MW market. 
 Having spoken to Brian yesterday we need to redo his plan as most of his stuff is covered by reserves. 
 i didn't leave strong and stable.  I left a unstable but got loads of cash voicemail. 
 How are you doing with sierra pacific - I really need it? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 We need to talk about this month. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I have no idea what this is but don't do anything Fred until I find out 
 I thought we did establish Product Control on Friday  - let's just deal with Dave issues on priorities as we catch them between us.  Did you meet with Kim?  Thanks  Louise 
 How much? 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I called tom at 830 this morning.  I left a message.  Is that enough for this week. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Tyhis is very sensitive please leave it to Brian -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Txu is off everyone else ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Brian is working this are you two talking -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Keep working the deal - I left Tom a voicemail.  Now we have the cash you can work the deals at a b it slower pace - use your judgement.  I still want as much of that money as possible.  Thanks  Louise 
 Brian Redmond is working this 
 We just haven't got time this week - I assume he will understand. 
 I really  do not think this a great week for me time wise - I'll try but I doubt I will manage it. 
 I'm working it - do not worry 
 Delay it for a couple of weeks at least. 
 Mike  I do not think these emails are helpful.  Pleae direct all questions to Chris Calger.  Thanks  Louise 
 Left a voicemail for him. 
 Seems like a great idea 
 Yes please.  Let's discuss how we move forward in the morning 
 See Squawk box 
 thanks 
 Canada appears to be an issue.  We need to make swift progress on this - unlike in the US the contracting entity with our counterparties will not be UBS AG, London Division but UBS Warburg Energy (Canada) Ltd.  With the lack of parental company guarantees forth coming from UBS, this is going to be an issue.  There are two main points, because of our current history our customers will not contract lightly with a subsidiary with no guarantee and secondly the credit group are asking for guarantees from our customers.  Please let me know how we can progress on this.  Louise 
 You are officially my favourite people 
 It is evident that our customers continue to view Enron as a major liquidity provider in global energy markets.  Change 1,399 users to 1,399 counterparties. 
 How's it going? Any news after the revolver  letter went? 
 The question is - with our capital constraints - is he the right guy? 
 Jay has been pulling reports over the last couple of days and so far so good.  Reported attached if you need it. 
 Please give me the ENA individuals then as surely the whole point of ibuyit is forthem to do it themselves. 
 Great background - hope you are well.  Louise 
 Pat O'Donnell mentioned that you guys have an issue with starting on power - what is it? Thanks 
 That's ok - he always has done 
 New numbers for some people, could you please get these done asap including the new wording taking out any contingencies.  We are expecting them to start flowing in one hour.  Louise   Mike Swerzbin	1.50 Tim Belden	1.40 Matt Motley	1.30 Jeff Richter	0.90 Badeer	0.60 Foster	0.20 Total 
 Is the rest of the stuff coming and when?  Particularly I am looking for OTC margin analysis with updates (including all counterparties and with October) and also I want to know the actual Nymex balance as off yesterday - I can see cash flows but not the balance. 
 This meeting will happen this morning at 9:00am.  Tammie is still tring to get a room. 
 Yes - Tammie still trying to find a room - can you let Frank and Laura's group know as they are out. 
 It's really easy to assume that companies are closing positions and that's why there are so many trades. 
 Counterparties logging in:    891  External Users:            4726 
 Cheers 
 I can bring back probably $45-50mm on Friday, by switching to Paribas.  Maybe more, Shankman is working on his margin too. On Peoples -I'll get back to you tomorrow. 
 Thanks for your swift assistance. 
 fine 
 We recognize that we are experiencing a difficult time at Enron now and you are all interfacing with our customers every day.  We are therefore holding a  short meeting at 9:00am tomorrow morning to answer questions from you and your groups.  Tammie to advise on the room.  Please invite all of your groups.  Louise 
 LEt me know if you are planning any of these. 
 I spoke to Chris on this today, we are covering Foster but not going to do anything on the others at this time.  We can review in another month or so. 
 Here's what I have so far (who are we supposed to tell about this??)  (i)	Broker Margins Approx:	 $50mm Availability:	 End of Week Probability:	 85% Current position (initial margin) $60mm out.  John Arnold will tomorrow bring a large portion of this back by moving positions to our Paribas credit line (we have a $75mm line 	which we are only using $15mm of).  I am working on the rest, which is spread across various other EGM books.  (ii)	Peoples JV Approx:	$135mm Availability:	Within month Probability:	50% We have (i) $10mm in the enovate bank account ($20mm in total, 50:50 Enron Peoples), (ii) $40mm storage inventory and (iii) $75mm in a pre-pay.  (iii) 	Emmissions Reductions Credits (held by West Power). Approx:	$25.5mm Availability:	Dependent on whether financing Probability:	50% If the vehicle is rolled, then we could look to use the additional capacity.  The vehicle will be rolled next week.  (iv)	Mariner - Zero ($2mm in bank)  Deffner's group working on EGM's $400mm and Joe Gold is ready to go with his $300mm.  So that's good, we should be able to get some of this off. 
 no 
 WE need to put them in.  Ring me. 
 Don't we need the heads of all the power origination groups too 
 yup 
  Working Ya (as Shankman would say).  It appears they will offer guarantees but I am awaiting confirmation. 
 Does this still have capacity?  Can I put the West Desk's ERCs in this vehicle? How quickly?  How much capacity is left? Respond when you can. 
 Sorry I completely forgot it was Wednesday 
 Thanks  I think they're behind us. 
 Forward to Tim Detmering  Tim, How much money does Mariner have in the bank? Please drop John and I an email. Louise -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Going out tonight 
 I'll talk to Frevert but I really thought the panel session last year was incredibly weak and don't think something of that format should be pursued again.  I would hope for a major change in format. 
 Just what I needed! 
  Our natural gas business continues to benefit from effective account management and resource allocation focused on identifying and responding to the needs of our varied customers.  In order to keep our organization optimally structured and to facilitate additional growth, we are making the following changes:  Producer/Wellhead Group The current mid-market, origination and wellhead pricing activity currently within the Central and Eastern Gas Regions will be consolidated with the Derivatives group under Fred Lagrasta.  This will create a single business unit focused upon the needs of the producing industry within the Eastern U.S.  The producer focus in the Western U.S. and Texas will remain unchanged reporting  to Mark Whitt and Brian Redmond respectively.  Strategic Asset  Development Laura Luce will move from her role in the Central Region to lead an effort focused strictly on identifying and entering into long-term strategic arrangements within the Central and Eastern Regions.  This initiative will focus on a limited number of selected markets that provide strategic opportunities for partnering in asset development, asset management and optimization.  This effort will continue to work very closely with the regional leads.  Central Origination and Mid-Market Frank Vickers will continue his current role in the Eastern Region and will assume the leadership role for Mid-Market and Origination activity in the Central Region.   There will be no changes to the West and Texas Origination groups headed respectively by Barry Tycholiz and Brian Redmond.  Please join us in congratulating Fred, Laura and Frank in their new roles.  Louise & John 
 I think the job may still be open next year. 
 We are going to ask Kim's group to help pull information for credit (public domaine information) in order to help accelerate the credit process as his group is heavily stretched at the moment. 
 Our natural gas business continues to benefit from effective account management and resource allocation focused on identifying and responding to the needs of our varied customers.  In order to keep our organization optimally structured and to facilitate additional growth, we are making the following changes:  Producer/Wellhead Group The current mid-market, origination and wellhead pricing activity currently within the Central and Eastern Gas Regions will be consolidated with the Derivatives group under Fred Lagrasta.  This will create a single business unit focused upon the needs of the producing industry within the Eastern U.S.  The producer focus in the Western U.S. and Texas will remain unchanged reporting  to Mark Whitt and Brian Redmond respectively.  Strategic Asset  Development Laura Luce will move from her role in the Central Region to lead an effort focused strictly on identifying and entering into long-term strategic  arrangements within the Central and Eastern Regions.  This initiative will focus on a limited number of selected markets that provide strategic opportunities for partnering in asset development, asset management and optimization.  This effort will continue to work very closely with the regional leads.  Central Origination and Mid-Market Frank Vickers will continue his current role in the Eastern Region and will assume the leadership role for Mid-Market and Origination activity in the Central Region.  Barry Tycholiz and Brian Redmond continues to respectively run the West Gas and the Texas Gas Origination Groups.  Please join us in congratulating Fred, Laura and Frank in their new roles.  Louise & John 
 Is it me and not Lavo due to him maybe not attending 
 The only thing I have to look forward to.  That'll be fine  Thanks 
 ok 
 ????? 
 I was referring to all cost centers excluding HPL.  Regulatory does not need to  be covered by you.  Here's my cut on Texas - do we need more?  You Director Manager Associate Analyst  Asisstant 
 I can perfectly see which reports I have access to and which ones I do not.  So please explain why all I can't see Enron Americas Position Report for example. 
 all 
 too late 
 I think this is one for you Anne - can you help? 
 venting 
 Don't know I have to go 
 On my way bak -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I am looking forward to the salad. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 They're not having the baby then.  Its still going on - quite boring though. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Let's stay downtown then. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Good idea - let's try for that in their systems.  Its really only a question of my pay checks and expenses bouncing.  Had a crap week-end filling in my SEC background questionnaire - hope yours was better. 
 How far is that (the airport they usually fly too) from downtown.  It is probably a good idea to go and stay downtown -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Are you on the diet with me? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Any Messages? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Would you mind doing the following 1.  Ring Teresa at Jaegar and ask if she can get me another plum top (sleeveless) 2. Could you check on my appointment at Manos y Mas that I have a standing appointment every two weeks. 9:00am every second Saturday with Michelle.  I would like to have a pedicure every 4 weeks at the samr time as my manicure.  So I have an appointment every two weeks going forward for amanicure and a pedicure every 4 weeks.  The pedicure needs to be with someone else so its at the same time. 3.  Could you start working on the Trip to the uk at xMas. I need a chauffeur when we arrive to take us either to Kings Cross to get a train or go all the way home. Depends on price.  Kelly Ferrari will have the name od ac chauffeur company. I also need the name of some apartments in London to stay in from Jill Whitehead - could you try ringing her - she has a web address.  I am not expecting any of this today, but its nice to have things to look forward to.  Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 How's the share price? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Did we get ours back? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Do we have New York sorted out? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Yup he can do it by phone -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Lavo called it, never mind though -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 1. Front Office - We had several I have no idea whether we brought any of them with us as they were never used. Back Office - Global Counterparty Database.  2.  We are planning a seminar for Thursday pm already - credit are sending me their presentation (hopefully tomorrow), I think its a great idea but I would like to see it first so we can decide on the audience.  3. Thanks  4. Great idea.  5. See you tomorrow.  Thanks  Louise 
 Let me know if it goes any lower -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 John Arnold asked me this morning about individuals on EOL.  Apparently,. John was told that I had a problem with this.  I haven't had a conversation on this since 1999,. At that time I sidelined the issue as it was complex, bearing in mind everything else that was going on.  I would suggest you and Mark address tis together. I have no idea who told John this as I haven't had a dizcussion on this issue since 1999. Louise -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Thanks Can you get it from the price screen rather than the internet -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 It seems silly to have all of us going to dave as he is the only EES person attending  Invite Frank, Laura, Tycholiz, Lagrasta, Breslau, Duran, Forster, Calger, Foster,  Just in case we haven't invited any of them. Thanks Louise -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Will do -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 with not being able to access our own reports - this is the second time I have asked.  Please open up the reports to me.  Or is there someone else I should be asking? 
 I would like to allocate the costs on everything going forward.  We need tr= ansparency on these events.  Thanks  Louise 
 Yes - cancel Power origination  Yes - cancel them going forward - John doesn't need them either at the moment 
 Can you invite Breslau and LaGrasta and Luce, 
 How are these items progressing? 
 Hello  Glad you got yourself sorted with a new job.  Things here are getting better - we have nearly closed with UBS, so I hope to have a new job next week.  Still in Houston.  Are you trading - if so what?  Take care  Louise 
 Don't tell me - did you tell his nibs - it's his issue 
 We're getting them back believe it or not!!!  They are ours again.  So its ok.  We got the merchant business back a week, we don't even know who made that decision but its our again. 
 When people request an understanding of gas or power - does this mean you ask people from ENA to give tours or speak or something?  Is there any role we play in hosting the event? 
 This one is searching through expoense reports.  I have no interest.  Can you guys do this for John please. 
 That is awful.  Poor little kid.  Do they think it was just another child? 
 Hard times - but we're all behind you.  Keep going. 
 2002 W. Gray Houston, Texas Tel. 713.526.4700 Lunch Monday thru Friday 11:30-2pm. Dinner Sunday 5:30-10, Monday thru Thursday 5:30-11, Friday and Saturday 5:30-midnight.    Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Heads Up, I spoke to Jonathon this evening.  I confirmed that Dynegy had been speaking to Eric Shaw at length.  I think the only reason Jonathan got the job was that he asked for less money. Speak soon L 
 Zippy trades under Arnold's but if you report to John and Michael you need V@R 
 They have the rights - can you facilitate.  Thanks 
 My contract is in Kitchen and I have done the drugs test, benefits etc in Nettelton.  can you sort - thanks.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I would be - it was an email with Scott on my lap.  John's conversation with you today is what I am talking about.  If so - I have a hole, do I not in Portland.  So I know this chap MS who won't move to Portland but its worht you talking to him.  Should you decide to pursue John's conversation further.  Let's talk tomorrow.  Lousie 
 nope 
 Scott just sent you the message before I'd finished.  So I have a real long shot for you to talk to at some point. Matthew Scrimshaw - I don't think he'll move to Portland but he might.   So an ideas yourself? 
 well - what do you think of that!  I have someone who is a suplong  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 no  - only if specified is my understanding, although on flat panels they are now trying. 
 No problem - the issue is I can never find you on the Address Book, because of the C.  Louise 
 yup 
 Not really enough detail on specific areas where they are crossing territory.  We know they are talking to munis but are they talking to utilities? We need names etc.  Split the list into areas  Industrials in our SIC codes  Utilities  Munis  Thanks 
 Can't wait to see you.  I think its a good choice. 
 Just so you know, I am nearer the bottom of the issue.  A user of ibuyit can select whether they want new equipment or old equipment.  So I surveyed our assistants - obviously more than ours up here, to see if any of them knew that you could order OLD equipment instead of NEW.  None of them did, including TJ Black who has since I have been receiving my weekly reports ordered the most IT equipment.  Jenny's group is to some extent relying upon this selection to buy the equipment.  Don Black's equipment was bought new even though he is about to move but will get used in remote offices where they have no flat panels.  So the buying is done by EA and someone else is benefitting.  As there is no way around ibuyit, I think we need a default where we use old equipment instead of new equipment.  As no-one replied to my previous email - I live in hope.  Thanks  Louise 
 I am trying to fiind out that date I became a member of the IOD and secondly if I still am.  Please could you let me know as soon as possible.  Thanks  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 let me know what he said 
 Please arrange a meeting between ENA and EES asap.  Title: 	Coverage Attendees from ENA:	Frank Vickers, Chris Calger, Louise Kitchen, John Lavorato, David Forster,Dave Duran, Barry Tycholiz Attendees from EES: Ring Kay Chapman to find out.  Early next week or end of this week. 
 We need a back up plan for when you are away because Kim is away too.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Ok - I butt out.  EBS  only has a handful left now and with redundancies over there they are trying real hard to place their people. 
 MAke sure we get at least 15% reduction.  Thanks  Louise 
 Do these match ours? 
 I think we need to include groups with MPR where is was originated this year. 
 is in town?  Are you seeing him - if so are you taking anyone from power? 
 No concerns. We managed to get about $40mm reduction the IT development budget, you are picking up some of the reduced budget (See Lloyd Will's email of earlier today).  Let Lloyd know if you have any problems as we are getting fairly close to sign off.  Thanks  Louise 
 Just so you know 
 done 
 He's 5 months, 19lbs and not rolling over!  90th percentile for weight, 50th height, 50th head circumference.  doesn't sound like it will be long before you have another one! 
 How's Nadine and baby by the way? 
 Fine  - how are you?  Baby not turning over yet because he's big!!!  Lots of people falling out of EBS aren't there. 
 OK 
 Power trading or Origination spring to mind.  Power Trading is interviewing Tim tomorrow, do you want me to set something up for you too.  Forster is  running one of the power origination groups, give hime a ring. 
 Looks like we are making outstanding progress.  This is great news. 
 Here's a little issue.  We have recently needed some screens, pcs etc for new starters.  Obviously this is a bit of a peculiar time to buy something when we are on the point of moving.  My understanding from Don Black (who is hiring these people) is that we have to use ibuyit to request equipment for these people rather than just get IT to give us a temporary (old screens from EGM) until we move.  What is happening behind the scenes on this issue - do you go an buy new ones or is someone substituting ones that are now redundent?  Thanks  Louise 
 Dynegy to run Orig - in Europe working for Cardone. 
 Do you really have someone as capable as Marcello.  This is an outstanding trader who we probably have no chance of getting but could run any desk we have.  Is your SE guy of that quality? 
 Today was the last date I discussed with Piper.  Before 4pm. 
 As I said in the note of yesterday - I have no interest in having the meeting. My assistant is away so its just a  misunderstanding.   See yesterday's note, we are going in on Monday.  I think losing Amita is a  major error.  There are no other candidates in the organisation with her expertise apart from Zipper, Forster and Savita.  Thanks  Louise 
 Before Matt left he deposited a confidentiality agreement on my  desk which dates back to August 6,  2001.  Jaime has it now.  What do you want me to do with it?  Sign it? 
 There are a lot of people who are not Enron Americas - please cut them out? 
  Expenditure verification  You have purchased some new computer screens - any particular reason when we all get in the new building? 
 Did you hear about  Jonathan?  Louise Kitchen 
 Please tell them - that I am cancelling due to the Budget process. 
 Brian Redmond or Jean Mrha will need to approve the budget as your number will be charged directly to them.  Brian or Jean please co-ordinate your response through Faith Killen. 
 Please could you do the following;  Cancel today 3pm	Barry Tycholiz 4pm	Weekly power meeting  Tomorrow 3pm	Lagrasta 4pm 	Frank Vickers  Friday 10am  	Brian Redmond 4pm	Brad Richter  Thanks  Louise 
 Just in case you didn't know yet 
 OK 
 Great photos is that all that's left of EBS's people in London - how many did you have a one point? 
 This is great - two please 
 If you have an issue you need to ring Eric Gonzales.  He shouldn't have had the meeting - there is a lack of integrity on this. 
 we only covered commercial. 
 great - two please 
 I went up to Chicago last week and noticed the lack of flat panels in the office.  We obviously have hundreds of redundent ones in ENA Houston (as the new building has new ones), they are going to redeploy them to you guys - Free (as we have already paid for them).  They are going to start with Calgary and Toronto.  Contact IT if they haven't contacted you.  Steve Harrington or Jenny Rub. 
 We can't wait for another meeting - we are in front of the OOC on Monday with the Enron Americas plan.  Here's my numbers (I got them from etrade!!!!!):  0 - 5000 transactions per day		$  8:00/normal transaction (including internals) > 5,000 transactions			$ 10:00/normal transaction Options					$ 10:00/ per option (using option grid) Take or Pay				Minumum Number of transactions per annum = 1,000,000 Service Interruption (outage)		Reduction in our bill of $100,000		(less than 30 minutes) Reduction in our bill of $500,000		(greater then 30 minutes) Per product type set up 			0		(its in your interest as the number of transactions is high in ENA.  It think this issue is for other groups.) On development 			0		(its in your interest - I think this again an issue for other groups.)  Now we all have the same incentive - grow the number of trades. I think this is pretty close for us.  Only paying once for a sleeve trade.  Let the games begin!  Louise 
 I don't just mean the logon I mean the domaine name too, once you are in EnronOnline you need to stay on www.enrononline.com/xxxxxxxxxxxx. 
 Same thing just prettier and with more details.  Suggest we send to HR for them to implement. 
 Yes 
 Nope 
 Its post earnings so no feeling on a day. 
 Feels better now 
 Thanks 
 Did Howard attend - if so how's he looking? 
 Thanks - I have used it already to Tim.  I mentioned the Beth concept - I'll let you know what he says.  Jeff Richter is too busy  - he runs EES in the West.  Keep thinking though I like the idea of Jeff or Barry. 
 I think we are moving towards this concept. Steve Hotte will take over from Beth Perlman as CIO ENA. Anthony Dayao will remain CIO EES but in addition to Anthony's EES responsibilities, he will also assume responsibilty for creating a combined Wholesale/Retail Power Trading and Risk Management system working closely with Steve Hotte.  On the commercial side, I am thinking Beth.    I have had preliminary discussions with Beth and Mark on her moving over to our side to manage our requirements.  If you have a problem with this - let me know.  I have to say finding someone to do this is a difficult job and all ideas welcome.  I think Beth brings a base understanding of the business and certainly should be able to drill down on IT side.  Its a huge budget and we need someone really responsible for it.  On the operations side, I have asked Sally to take a large portion of the IT development budget into her budget as essentially its things like maintenance.  Sounds like we are thinking the same thing and we have made some progress towards this goal.  Louise 
 Joe Deffner needs to take responsibility for reducing these costs and ensuring that our allocations are appropriate - the ones that really stand out to me are Kelly Boots and Glisan.  Joe needs to get comfortable with their allocation methodology.  Louise     . 
 I am also meeting with Robert on your contract - so we should get that done today.  Thanks 
 Great news 
 Can't remember whether I thanked you for this - if not - thanks for your prompt response. 
 Had a meeting on 50.  How was it?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I think its a good idea.  I thought a lot about it.   Spoken to Jonathan recently. 
 It takes a long time to get around to announcements - congrats anyway 
 Get the specifics we are organizing a meeting - need written examples - could you pleae co-ordinate a full list across gas and power.  Thanks 
 Nope 
 I think we are missing - Generation investments and Mitch Robinson's group. 
 It doesn't look like you were asked to do anything - just notifying you. No is the answer though.  Thanks  Louise 
 Could you let me know probabilities on your deals on the hotlist.  No rush.  Thanks  Louise 
 You need to give yourself some! 
 Just give us a time.  Thanks  Louise 
 I found the meeting which was when I was in Chicago - please let me know when I am missing such meetings just for my information.  In this case  I needed to know as I have a follow up meeting with John tomorrow  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Please move (when you get in tomorrow)  Move Geof and Steve til Wednesday Move Hotte until end of week Move Calger to Thursday  Thanks  Louise 
 Cris  Bit of an issue here.  I had thought we were marking purely the intrinsic value of the options due to their illiquid nature.  I really think we need to mark these down to real values unless we can prove out the value by selling a proportion of the warrants into the market.  We also clearly have a write down from the number on the balance sheet which is way too high.  Please could you evaluate the warrants and come up with a proposal of how we deal with them.  Thanks  Louise 
 No to both. Let's discuss. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I will Thanks -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Have you done any deals yet? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Thanks for your work on this.  I can't wait for the UBS discussion on WSPP!!!!! 
 As I want to go to the Cantor memorial service.  Louise -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Can you resend me the doyle email from last week -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Yes - good guy.  I think he is moving with Marcello into their new cross commodity group.  But he's bright, agressive and worth trying to get. 
 For diary  By th eway was I invited to a PRC committee meeting last week.  I don't seem to have heard of it but LAvo said it was on WEdnesday or Thursday 
 hi  I don't have any - Jay Fitzgerald managed all of that for me and we closed the group down last year.  Sorry  Louise 
 Ok I thought it was in Washington state. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 The only comment  on the structures transaction slide is that  (i) They are not from this quarter (ii) the Rockies Power - prebuild, I am not entirely sure what this deal is - but there was one in Washington. (iii) REmove MidWest Gas Utility Outsourcing as we haven't completed this yet - hopefully you can have it for Q4. (iv) Price Risk Management is your call - its really just trading.  Louise 
 we are struggling through we have elp from a lady Loretta.  Please help Dave tomorrow (if you are well enough to come back) 
 I'm fine - don't worry.  Can you send a note out to all assistants making sure they all get the money back from AStros playoff tickets.  Tina very ill in St Lukes Emergency Room with possible heart attack. 
 Sorry Abigail  - wrong person  Trying to get Liz Taylor 
 is outstanding (I think anyway)- can we hire him?  Maybe in Reg? 
 Why can't I consume alcohol on Atkins? You should not drink alcohol during Induction, but you can drink moderate amounts of alcohol during the Ongoing Weight Loss, Pre-maintenance and Maintenance phases of the Atkins Nutritional Approach. When given the choice, your body will burn alcohol for energy before it burns fat. But alcohol does not act as a carbohydrate so it will not interfere with burning fat in the same way that sugars and other carbohydrates do. Alcohol consumption may also increase yeast-related symptoms, such as bloating, gas and cravings for sweets, and can therefore interfere with weight loss. Beer, which contains yeast, probably has the most yeast-forming components of any alcohol. An occasional glass of wine or vodka is the best choice. Scotch and other grain-based spirits are more likely to promote yeast problems. Note: Use only mixers that contain no sugar or fruit juices. Even tonic water contains carbs and regular soda is made with sugar. Seltzer, club soda, mineral water and non-aspartame diet sodas are better alternatives.   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 thanks 
 Could you please get Marcus Nettelton added to this. 
 Probably not  Hey Dave, can I have an update on originator track. 
 I'm fine.  Still laughing about co-president! 
 Fine 
  yes to this i discussed with don 
 Jean is still pushing to run wellhead desk, she may come and see you.  I have pushed back stating that we are much better placed to evaluate her outsourcing business as it is and that we will review this when we have seen sime dealflow. 
 I wouldn't mind seeing your sofa if you still have it.  If you give me a time, I'll pop over.  Thanks  Louise 
 Stop working weekends again See you tomorrow -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Can you redraft in light of how I redrafted the other one - removing Enron's name from the first paragraph.  And resend to me  Thanks 
 Can you check on my flight reimbursement?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 That works. 
 With Calger leading the likes of Parquet etc they can make $100mm plus - without him no chance.  I think it's sort of indirect p&l.  I think we are close enough I'd put our top 20 above any group - our final ten are really strong too.  Harry, Orlando and Zipper as the last people on our list really does show we have some major talent.  Let's not stick to 30 - let's do 33 putting Miller,Deffner, Foster, Zipper, Ermis and Aucoin in.  Daliney's note shows he is giving a lot to people we have in our second half of the list. 
   I see what you mean. 
 I didn't get a copy of Dave's email but a few comments and I attach a compromise ordering.  I added to your file schoolyard.  Our differences are: Me - Don Miller, Joe Deffner,Chris Foster You - Zipper, Ermis, Aucoin  I would put them all ahead of Bernie however I have no data points apart from p&l on nothing with Frank so I can't comment on him..  Not huge differences in order, apart from your slant on Canadians!  The main issue with yours is Calger behind Benson and Zufferli (and even maybe Dana), he's a future leader of this organisation.  Your ordering is very P&L based.  Are we supposed to cover Wes or will Causey?  I added to your file schoolyard.  Speak to you later.  Louise Belden Arnold Presto Shively Sturm Swerzbin Calger Davis, Dana Benson Milnthorp Zufferli Herndon Motley Davies martin grigsby Tycholiz Richter Black Luce Allen Devries Wiggs Duran Storey Arora Zipper Foster Ermis or Miller Gonzales 
 Thanks 
 Here's my first pass on our 1-30.  Spreadsheet at bottom.  Number 1	Belden Number 2	Arnold Number 3	Swerzbin Number 4	Calger Number 5	Presto Number 6	Sturm Number 7	Shively Number 8	Milnthorp Number 9	Motley Number 10	Davis Number 11	Benson Number 12	Zufferli Number 13	Duran Number 14	Martin Number 15	Allen Number 16	Gonzales Number 17	Devries Number 18	Richter Number 19	Davies Number 20	Black Number 21	Herndon Number 22	Miler Number 23	Tycholiz Number 24	Deffner Number 25	Wiggs Number 26	Arora Number 27	Luce Number 28	Storey Number 29	Foster Number 30	Grigsby 
 Q3 now over, you will each be receiving in the internal mail a copy of the origination numbers associated with each of your groups.  Please could you ensure the numbers are both;  (i) Correct, and (ii) Correctly allocated  Should employees have left the group or company please do not allocate the amount to another originator as this will distort the numbers, just leave the name of the employee and number in place although they have left.   These numbers will be used as a (obviously only one component) component of performance review.  As you know we also monitor the soft targets so please ensure these are correct too.   If you want to check your progress on soft targets - these are available from Faith.  Please send all alterations to Faith Killen or call her on 30352.  Thanks  Louise 
 Please set up a meeting with me, Geof and Steve Stock  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 thanks - stupid though isn't it! 
 Dave  Are you unwinding it? 
 ARe you in the office? 
 I agree - thanks for this. it will have slow death...................................... 
 Is that what ECR want to do with it? 
 well done I think even I would have given up before now 
 About time -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Wahey on runway -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 In chicago I'm fine with that see you monday -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I hope you went of course not -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 On the people - we are planning for a group to start Mopnday pm as it is not as urgent as teh credit wording for this Monday.  Let me know if I can help. 
 Dave I thought you needed him to carry two people.  Tammie please forward to Duran -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 OK thanks.  I'll presume its dead until I hear otherwise.   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 See you in Enron House when I get back.  I am sure you'll be back working in EEL before me.  Happy travelling.  Louise -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Sorry missed this earlier - I'm in Chicago.  Comments on BE - probably too late .  Sorry 
 BNY - times change eh 
 Could you confirm that you are covering our non-Houston based offices inclu= ding but not limited to Portland, Chicago, San Francisco, Denver, New York.  Thanks  Louise 
 has a lunch tomorrow with the Chairman of British Energy.  Is there anything you want to get from that or should he just bluff his way through.  Let me know  Thanks  Louise 
 Hope you hire him  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Currently interviewing a guy from Pacificorp - fingers crossed.  Keep it quiet though. 
 Those guys will do the full horizontals too wherever possible - I'll do the others 
 Marcello is coming to Houston tomorrow to interview for a position trading financial gas.  I really think if we have any spare trading slots we should talk to him.  Kevin - what about South East power?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I don't think so 
 In tomorrow morning - leaving at lunch 
 Sorry make that a pedicure 
 Manicure too please 
 thanks 
 Yuup 
 fine 
 OK - I'll be there 
 FIne 
 not yet 
 Please send John and I a copy of our final presentation.  Thanks Louise 
 Preview party - sounds great I hope it comes in.  Thanks 
 You need to kick some butt here 
 I mean make the move to the US. Unless you teally believe that you can pull off Richard's project which sounds huge. -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Make the move -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 All ok -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 What are the units. I want per mmbtu -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 I think you need to push Wasaff -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Gross margin per mmbtu for 2001 -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Friday unfortunately  - I asked for earlier.  Lavo asked the same question 
 Where's the answer 
 Marcello is getting very frustrated.  Only Matthew is talking to him (all second hand). 
 Please register  Talk to Liz/Nicki to see if they want you to attend to help - only if you want to 
 I need a description of each of these assets asap - no more than one sentance on each.  Before 9:15am if possible on email so I can pick it up on Blackberry.  Thanks  Louise 
 So far I have spoken to both Bill and Rick Buy, both of whom recognized the issue and said they would try to address it.  I have also just completed their budget for next year and increased the number to allow for incremental staff.  I left a message for Bill this morning to see if he had made further progress. 
 Please do 
 ATS is not new origination and shows through the MPR.  All the rest were too small.  Louise 
 great news 
 Their current capital markets stuff is going well - maybe we're wrong about them.  In your previous email by the way - did you mean we pay them or they pay us.  I read they pay us but Carl tells me it was the other way. 
 We have unsuccessfully attempted to find sponsors for the project list you gave to me in our meeting.  I would therefore like to start the game again but starting from zero and working our way up. Assuming we are starting with no budget for IT development, please could you sit down with each of our Business Sponsors and agree a number with them.  They are:  Tim Belden (or his appointed person) for West Power Lloyd Will for East Power Geof Storey for Gas Laura Luce for Peoples and Global Net Chris Gaskill for Gas Fundys Rob Milnthorp (or his appointed person) for Canada. Mark Haedicke/Greenberg (or his appointed person) for Legal.  Each of the above will be allocated their charge for IT development and capital (apart from Geof who will allocate across the desks) and therefore is the best person/people to decide on the costs.  Please could you arrange a short meeting/discussion with each and agree a budget as the process so far is not working.  I am assuming its zero at the moment.   Thanks  Louise 
  Woops  Another coming in 5 minutes. 
 Thanks 
  diary 
 Seems we missed a circulation - this wasn't the last one circulated on Friday.  I will send you the final one at 12. 
 Duran to run it 
 Not prizes for that title. 
 George,  We are pretty sure DealBench is the cheapest in the market place -  we are way below others for costs.  Do GSS use DealBench for all our sourcing now?  Louise 
 Been there, done that.  This doesn't allow us to you have to be based in London!!! 
 I do need to alter one slide and also I am keen to see the financial slide whenever it is done.  Hope you had a good week-end. 
 If you pursue the overtime issue, coul dyou please let me know.  Thanks  Hope you had a good wek-end. 
 Hello - hope you had a good week-end.  Two things - PIPs are still not done and I still have never had my pay reconciled.  Thanks  Louise 
 Hello Pat,  We would like you to price:  Chairs (2) The chairs (476) in 19-502 (Grade 18) with double welt trim as described.  SOFA The sofa (6386-80) in 48-137 (Grade 26).  PILLOWS 3 square additional pillows (2 in chair material and 1 in sofa material).  Would the wood be the same in the sofa as used on the chairs?  Please could you let me know the prices.  Thanks  Louise Nettelton 
 When is that lunch with the Board we got invited to?  What time are John & I presenting at the Board?  Why do I have meetings on Wed - I thought Chicago was Wednesday? 
 I am hope I haven't just refused this for no reason but if my diary is right - Marcus is away. 
 I can't do these dates.  I will be on my way back from Chicago (Peoples meeting).  Sorry  Louise 
 Not entirely sure - John requested this on Friday I 'll check 
 WAHEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 When is it - I can't miss that if its the budget meeting?  It appears to be every day.  I am a bit worried now about next week - I appear to have some real scheduling difficulties. 
 When is it as Marcus is away on Thursday - I presume Chicago is Wed and obviously I can't do Philadephia as Marcus is away.  I presume you know all this - am I looking at the wrong week - is Chicago next week? 
 Could you put together  a list of all the Enron Corp employees who have Enron (non-Dell) equipment at home. 
 You have two problems  (i) Unwind of interest rate swap ($2.3mm) (ii) Mismatch of money from swap versus interest rate swap. (approximately ($9mm) is not offset)  Louise 
 and the current slides you have on display I'll then do the updates to our slides and correct the errors.  Thanks 
 On my way down.  Where do I go for lunch? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Did you get this? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 Did we take the money against this from the nymex swap? -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 No reason I can see 
 I know that's why I am hoping/assuming we are not going that way.  I'll assume we are off standards unless you tell me otherwise. 
 OK 
 Like to me with you today. 
 Duran has to okay it 
 At least she will not keep quiet. 
 Amita is now free 
 I think I have your replacement for Savita. 
 Was down $10mm in Q3 - did you know? 
 Hope you saw the funny side and it cheered you up! 
 Yes 
 One pc - 3 screens  Thanks 
 Its non specific - the trades are there but with no counterparty names. 
  Thanks - appreciated 
 We'll guarantee a minimum of $200,000 for 2002 based on current price of $25,000 per data room.  We will not agree to an allocation though.  Thanks  Louise 
  See photo http://www.fortune.com/indexw.jhtml?channel=list.jhtml&list_frag=list_5columns_powerwomen.jhtml&list=22&_requestid=8742 
 We are pushing back heavily on several budgets and instead of cutting costs, they are just planning to hold more of the allocation up at Corp.  Some areas are better than others but essentially, the overview is moving the wrong way (UP!).  We have no jurisdication over the Corp numbers.  As an aside, the technology budget is up dramatically from last year, the numbers coming from IT are huge ($735mm this year (excluding Europe) versus $600mm last year for the whole of Enron Corp).  We are all over this one but progress is slow.  If you want more details - let us know. 
 ok 
 Itss crap - almost all of our own websites.  I've read it - probably have a copy somewhere if you want it. 
 "What happened to this guy? 
 Thanks 
 is speaking to Mike McConnell today 
 Where are we with www.enrononline.com? 
 No fine thanks 
 I really want it in Q4 - not Q3 
 Yes and Yes 
 Broadcast voicemail - sounded good! 
 Cheers Big Ears 
 Surreal experience really.  I was hoping no-one noticed.  PR did it and as you can imagine - without asking. 
 I rang Jeff - he's out 
 Funny though isn't it! 
 Ha bloody ha 
 No absolutely not 
 Can you ring these guys and tell them to deliver immediately  (at their cost as it is late) whatever they can of the order. 
 Hideous isn't it - I'm 9 months pregnant in it. 
 I'm planning to go see Greg with Wes for 10 minutes on Friday to let him know how far we have got with the budgets.  (IT budget for this year is $735mm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - I'm still working on this one obviously) 
 Trying to keep it quiet too - sems to be working - Lavo didn't even see it 
 Good idea to prepare a list - we shouldn't distribute but push the discussion to cover them all.  But definitely put a list together.  Thanks 
 I can't tomorrow - how about next time she is in town.  Or in New York? 
 Give her 13 
 I'm ok 
 Both interruptible and firm.  Thanks 
  http://www.fortune.com/indexw.jhtml?channel=list.jhtml&list_frag=list_5columns_powerwomen.jhtml&list=22&_requestid=8742 
 Wellhead Desk  Can you please send Jean a list of the 9 people. 
 yes 
 0Knew as usual nothing about this until it was too late. Enron nominated 5 people.  I'm trying to keep it quiet. 
 me 
 Geoff  This cannot be right - its millions I thought we were about $5mm all in including the secret Zhei project 
 I'm still here too 
  Great thanks 
 Just a quick question  - 23 years for PGT? 
 I concur with your view .  No to all of them  Louise 
 What's wrong? 
 Oh - never mind - haven't they heard of a fax?  It'll happen 
 nearly time to go 
 Let's try and keep this quiet. 
 We passed each other .  This answers all my questions  Thanks 
 Just to check have you ever done anything other than gas and zinc.  If so, when and how much? 
  Don't worry orig is what I wanted 
 Thanks very much - perfect. 
 Funny. 
 I am a bit confused I thought we had agreed to the following last week.  Expand to show approver and only include those things which have been approved.  Issues:  Why are there so many repeat lines, each request is  issuing 3 times in some cases.  Will this mean we order three by accident? I have no idea what has been ordered - last week I could see this time its all in code.  Please resend with descriptors.  Thanks  Louise 
 Need to include Saguoro 
 Not for Canada -- for the US 
 thanks - I await the next update 
 P&L 
 Haha - definitely not! 
 Hideous photo - couldn't we have given them a better one! 
 Let's hope no-one else notices.  Let's make sure no-one does anything internally so people notice it.  Thanks 
 Obviously it is not what we want - we are assuming Anthony has power Beth has gas. 
 Why is the CA dated August 6th - have we been sitting on it since then? 
  Is it written yet? 
 Forgot Saguoro (sold it last week) 
 but here is where we got to. 
 and mtm 
 Can you please email me a list of the development sites we have sold this year, what our basis was and what p7l we expect of have from each site.  Please include Onondaga and Doyle, AES site etc.  I need it asap.  Thanks  Louise 
 We still have toadstools/mushrooms and holwa in need of new turf on the lawn.  Any news? 
 Price/Earnings ratio of each investment 
 Another good question 
 On the phone 
 http://www.skihomerental.com/index.htm  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Hello again  There is a gentleman here at work looking for a place for 10 in Beaver Creek.  The website (Sales) has disappeared , so I can't show him the pictures - do you have another set  of the pictures you could email me as I might have another customer for you.  Thanks  Louise 
 I am assuming that's it for this trip.  Please confirm there is nothing else like a restaurant reservatio or something? 
  -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
 no - just Arnold and Hunter 
 Look at the length of this meeting 
 Any sign?  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 I want to talk to him - but see if he gets past you guys first  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 That's ok, it was nice to see/meet Emma too 
 diary 
 None exists today. 
 Maybe running Mexico replacing Max Yzaguirre - but it really comes down to cost. 
 Joe Deffner but what about the credit implications? 
 Can we have all PIPS signed and on my desk by end of play tomorrow.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Great news - it'll be great for you 
 So did you move to Rebecca's job? 
 Just got your message.  Give me a ring to discuss. Its a great idea - I am thinking Power origination but let me know if you'd prefer gas.   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 How good I am at responding - suffice to say I have stuck in budget meetings for the entire week.  Have you gone yet?  Are you free for lunch? 
 They report into Greg Curran a VP who works for Eric Gonzales in EGM.  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308 
 Yup 
 Tammy  Can you add these 5 temp slots on 5  Thanks 
 Are you working on the new Contracts? 
  Ted,  The people included in the cc: are those people we nominate to interview on the below mentioned days.  We have not checked their availability and should you not find enough people from the list above please revert to John or I, but I think you have enough.  Louise 
 It worked 
 Both John Llodra and Don Miller have had discussions with regard to pursuing these assets over the last week.  Essentially, these plants may be the first distress sales we see in the market place.  John/Don - can you let everyone know how you plan to move forward. 
 Thanks very much.  Louise 
 You won - it was a convincing argument 
 Could you fill in all the other assets  Thanks 
 What about the actual small video tape in the video camera? 
 Mr Haedicke instructed destruction of the videos.  As we couldn't tell which was which - they all went.  I would assume Calgary has a copy. 
   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308   <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 Any volunteers to take on this project? 
