 FAVORITE PERFUME?  cant wear traditional perfume so i like bath & body works cucumber melon > > > > > ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY HAPPY?  yes> > > > > > SAY ONE NICE THING ABOUT THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO > >YOU: rachel - you are my oldest and truest friend.  thanks for always being there. > > > PERSON YOU SENT THIS TO WHO IS MOST LIKELY TO > >RESPOND: > WHO IS LEAST LIKELY TO RESPOND: > > > >  > DID YOU SAY THE WHOLE TRUTH? yes > > > > > > 
 i think pat and i have decided to wait until he can be listed on the loan before we actually lock this thing up.  we are still going to do it, but we both feel better about having both names on the documents.  can you tell me exactly how long we will ahve to wait after he starts working? 
 still on for lunch today?? 
 Hello , my name is Tori Kuykendall (One Pass BJ927934).  My husband, Patrick( One Pass VF751282), and I have been One Pass members for a few years now as well as elite members on several occasions.  We also use Chase Continental Visa exclusively, and my husband is a President's Club member.  I have made Continental my airline of choice for as long as I can remember booking my own travel arrangements and have been a very satisfied customer in the past. This morning, however, I had a very bad experience.  I booked tickets for a vacation back on September 4th for a trip from Houston to New York on December 1.  Since I booked the ticket, I became pregnant and found out from my doctor last week that I will still be unable to travel on December 1st due to complications with my pregnancy.  My doctor indicated to me that I may not be able to fly at all during my pregnancy, which is due to end in June.  I spoke to Leroy Peterson this morning to explain the situation, and he indicated that all he could do was give me credit that would expire on September 5th, 2001 and that a $75 service would be charged to me next time I book a ticket for me or my husband.  I understand that this is the same policy that you would have given me if I had just decided that I didn't feel like taking a vacation this weekend.  In my opinion, this is an unacceptable policy in the event of medical complications.  As you can see with my situation, it is unlikely that my husband and I will be able to plan a vacation by September of 2001 considering we will hopefully have a 2 month old child.  I repeatedly asked Leroy if there was anyone else who could help me or anyone I could talk to in order to get some kind of exception to your policy.  I indicated that I could provide a doctor's note if necessary.  He was very rude to me, stating "You don't have to ask me 7 different times for the same thing - I already told you NO!"  I had to cancel a flight for work about a month ago on Southwest airlines for the same reason, but I was hoping that I would be able to fly again by now.  For your information, your competitor was very helpful.  They accepted my doctor's note, gave me a credit good for one year, and will allow me to change the ticket to another person's name if I am still unable to use it.  That ticket was also booked as a non-refundable fare.  Although I have always used Continental  for my personal travel, the treatment I have had in this difficult time has definitely made me second-guess my future choices.  If there is anything you can do to help, I would greatly appreciate it. 
 oh - ok --  she hasnt said anything but that doesnt surprise me -- she is actually the manager of the group and she usually doesnt talk much about her interviews -- i'll see what i can find out. 
 i talked to steve and he liked you alot -- who else did you talk to?? 
 thanks so much - i am going to write her in addition to sending the invitation since it looks like she wont be in town anyway. 
 hey there.  i was wondering if you have nicole's address.  i wanted to get terra to send her a baby shower invitation just in case she might be coming into town, or at least it will serve as an announcement anyway.  thanks. 
 test 
 http://rachel.haygood.wasarrested.com/NY/New+York/F 
 do you not have instant messenger at work anymore?? 
 river trip sounded like a blast!  the pool is going well - next step is the deck and they are starting this week -- realistically they could be done in 3 weeks.  pat got a job  - thank goodness - he starts next thursday -- he'll be working downtown at waste management.  it was a pretty good offer -- good benefits -- good company -- he's going to be working for the old boss that he had at bank united.  we will be able to carpool now - no more bussing it for me -- also, we just found out today that we got into the new enron child care center -- that was a big relief.  so -- things continue to fall into place -- we're keeping our fingers crossed that it continues... 
 hey there - i was just talking about you with my mom - she said she talked to you again today and i was laughing that she's talked to you alot more than i have lately!  dinner friday sounds great.  what else have you been up to?? did you already have the river trip??  we havent been out at all -- just too tiring for me to do anything but dinner right now.  we're just trying to get everything ready -- it's pretty exhausting.  well - i better get back to work -- talk to you soon and see you friday! 
 for deal 694859 -- it should be 4.48  for deal 697646 -- for the 30-31 it should be 4.50 
 we all have the same address but different work station locations - let me get them for you --  our street address is 1400 Smith Houston, TX 77002  here are the work locations:  Tori  EB3208C Randy  EB3208D Patti  EB3208E Kelli  EB3235B  Hope that helps. 
 thursday sounds great -- and around 1130 would be good if you can make it -- we can go to bourays, ny pizzeria, allen center -- whatever you want. 
 just seeing if you were back from your trip.  maybe we can go for lunch sometime this week. let me know when you're free. 
 looks good 
 we will agree to cancel these trades and reconfirm new ones.         Tori,  Please disregard my prior email - I mispelled Socal's email address.  Their address is now correct.  As we discussed, Astra incorrectly confirmed the two imbalance trades detailed below.   Tony at SoCalGas said he can cancel the trades if Astra and Enron send him an email requesting the trades be cancelled.   Trades to Cancel: ----------------- Confirm Date  Agent Buyer Agent Seller Therms ------- ----- ----- ---- ------ ------- 4/25/01 2640 A116 2527 2527  445,730 4/25/01 2640 A116 2587 2587  444,270    To confirm that you agree to cancel, then please forward this to him at gtcalendar@socalgas.com and indicate that you agree.   (You can also hit "REPLY ALL" since I cc'd on this email).   I will call you and let you know what the new downstream contract will be.   Thanks  Parks Wesson Astra Power, LLC pwesson@astraoil.com 
 hey there.  just wanted to see how the bike ride went.  also wanted to let you know that pat got a job. thank goodness.  anyway, write back or call when you get a chance. 
 hey there.  just wanted to see how the bike ride went.  also wanted to let you know that pat got a job. thank goodness.  anyway, write back or call when you get a chance. 
 We need to get something for Ina for Admin Asst's Day - it is tomorrow.  I will take a collection of $10 from each person and get a gift certificate from Foley's if that is okay with everyone.  I will probably have to go get the gift certificate tonight - so please dont stick me with more than my share of the bill. ( Thats what happened last time)  Thanks. 
 lets start on the 30th -- monday -- that way we can start it for may 1st trades. 
 the trader over there is JB Smith.  if you would like - you can send me a copy of the invoice, and we will send them a letter with the invoice attached - and tell them to stop sending invoices to you because we consider the issure to be resolved. 
 wow - thats awesome - have a great time -- bring pictures to the baby shower -- you should be getting an invitation soon -- i think my friend jennifer is sending them out early next week.  i cant believe i only have 7 weeks left! 
 damn  - we eat really early here - they bring lunch at 11 oclock if you can believe it.  maybe i will come meet you anyway and not eat - it's dead here today.  when and where were you planning on going?? 
 i am not in risk - can you get with anne bike and explain what you need her to do?  thanks. 
 Hi.  I am an employee at Enron and I have applied for an infant spot in the new day care center.  I was wondering when we would be notified as to whether or not we have been accepted.  I know the center doesn't open until September, but for me it will be first time child care and I need to line something up if I do not get in.  Also , do you know an exact date for the scheduled opening?  Thanks for your help. 
 i need to send jennifer a shower invitation and i have your address but i lost the zip code - duh.  can you forward me your zip code?? 
 hey melba -- guess what -- we have come to the point where we no longer need to make blanco a restricted product.  can we go ahead and change these ep blanco avg products - both the fixed and index - back to normal unrestricted products?  let me know... 
 can you just let me know one way or the other if his background would be compatible with anything that might come up?  thanks. 
 thanks 
 hey dan - it's tori from the good ole west gas desk.  i was talking to the klapper the other day and he said that i might be able to forward my hubby's resume to you to see if you knew of any good fits for his experience in your arena.  his background is in ecommerce account management/development and other IT consulting and auditing.  i'm gonna go ahead and attach his resume. please let me know if you think there's anything here for him - i would greatly appreciate the help.    thanks,  tori 
 hope everyone is okay with this -- i talked to the people that were here and we all agreed. 
 not to be inconsiderate, but we did get him a gift last year and it seemed like nobody was really that interested in doing it.  we think it's dangerous to start buying birthday presents for some people and not others and the group thinks it's best if we dont start the trend.  we definitely want to do something for boss's day every year, but we think it's best to keep the birthdays simple. 
 hey - thats funny about john - he definitely remembers him - i'll call pat and let him know - we are coming on saturday - i just havent had a chance to call you guys back --  looking forward to it -- i probably need the directions again though 
 i will be here all this week and really any time after about 10 am is fine to stop by 
 Looks good but we need to talk about the index product because the decsription is too long as it stands now and we need to rename the current product and create a new one also 
 Hello - I was the one who asked about your high chair covers at Fuzzy's pizza the other night.  I was wondering if i could get more information on patterns and cost.  Thank you. 
 i never heard back on this request -- was it done?? 
 you are so sweet to think of me.  i dont know why you would ever be in houston, but if you are, we definitely need to get together.  talk to you soon. 
 what we decided is that we are all bringing something and i provide the drinks.  i havent heard back from everyone yet but my gut instinct is that we will need at least one extra person.  it looks like everyone that was there last time is coming again and also kristi said she would be there, but that still leaves us short.  i hope the pool construction doesnt disrupt y'all too much.  the good thing is that my dad is overseeing it and he is being really hard on the guys, making sure they are as clean and quick as they can possibly be.  kim already said that jeffrey cant wait to come swimming. we'll have to get a water basketball goal - pat will love playing with all the kids. 
 hey there!  hope everything is going great with you.  things are still going pretty smoothly with me - thank goodness.  my actual due date is 6/11 so i only have about 2 months left.  i'm starting to realize why people are always miserable in the last couple of months.  anyway - my address is 4419 Stackstone Ln.     Katy, TX 77450.  Talk to you soon. 
 hey beverly -- do you have phone numbers for any of the people that werent there last time?? 
 This is just to remind everyone that bunko is at my house on Monday April 9th.  Please let me know as soon as you can if you are not going to be able to make it.  Thanks and I look forward to seeing all of you there. 
 scott and i talked and we cannot say definitively that triad called us first every single day -- there may have been some days when we called them.  we can call you if you need further explanation. 
