in Montreal, but perhaps some marketers.  Paul Devries in Toronto runs our Eastern Canada operation if you would like to talk to him.  John 
 Hi my name is Joooohhhn Lavorato from Tarona Canada.  How the hell are you guys? Where the hell are you guys?  Call me, I'm still an Enron hack.  713-853-7991 
 Cliff  Good luck and more importantly, have fun!!!  Thanks again for bringing me down here to compete with the big dogs.  I think I've survived so far.  Lavo 
 Seemed to want to trade equities. 
 I told you that Pope and Milly wouldn't last. 
 good 
 Accounting lists the high prob. q2 deals for my budget meeting with Whalley.  Currently you have one deal on it that is DWR and it says 10 Million. Could you please make sure the commication with Accounting is taking place. John 
 Maybe you can have a diesal position.  If you can justify it to me and Rick Buy.  Talk to Shankman and see who in his organization runs that product. 
 I'm not sure that we have enough candidates to bother. 
 Are you guys okay with this.  Lavo 
 Ask Milnthorp 
 I don't care as long as I see them 
 rams -3.5 wash -7 raiders -9 1/2 balt -5 bears lions over 37 eagles bengals under 35 1/2 pats +4 vikings +5.5 
 I guess they have signed quite a few deals. 
 On separate sheets. 
 I don't need to see him. 
 We should have room on 6.  Check and see if Arnold has redone the floor plan.  You need to keep this away from Fred's group.  I would suggest locating near Gas Structuring.  Ed McMichael, the head of gas structuring can be a big help. 
 talk to Don on the EES stuff 
 It's more related to the size of this transaction and the fact that the transport model apparently doesn't calc var.  I have no fundamental concerns but this one hit me from left field.  On our other issue, I working on getting something in front of you this week. 
 ok 
 ok 
  Kim can you set up a phone interview with this guy next week. 
 those were all 250 
 Just use mids on the day they were pulled. 
 Stacey  Assuming this P/L is going to stay at 0, get the line item off the DPR. 
 Just go ahead and talk to Dave about the other industries. 
 My thoughts are the same.  You should stay in Canterra.  We can squeeze way more desks on that floor and I'm sure you can boot someone out below or above over the next couple of years.  Given the experience with the walls I would stick to your day job.  Lavo 
 Your employees will be upset to leave Canterra.  Lavo 
  Fun Fun Fun 
  1.  How much is Reuters paying us. 2.  What is you decorators number. 
 Dave  Thanks  What happened to the new trader graphs.  Lavo 
 Liquidity feeds on itself.  PJM Cinergy and Entergy were not liquid until we made them liquid. 
 You need to arrage this yourself.  The key is that the top companies on this list who don't trade with us neeed to.  Lavo 
 hey guys  I know my limit goes done on Wednesday night.  I saw some memo a while ago that said it goes to 70 until Jan 2 and then 60.  Is this correct or does is go to 60 immediately.  John 
  Print and put in my inbox 
 wow 
 yes 
  This goes in the second coverless binder we created.  Get you not me on the distribution list. 
 I'm confused by this one. Who in ENA is bidding this stuff and did we know about the balancing. 
 Rob is the deal actually signed. 
 Hunter  Did you know that the Extrinsic value of the Northern Border Trasport from Ventura to Chicago has increase from 4.7 Million to 7 Million over two months.  Lavo 
  Phil  Are we allowed to attend?  Can we send an Analyst? 
 Call me about the dynegy thing I have an idea. 
 I would like to talk about Dana.  Can you a Oxley recommend a contract to me.  Do not mention it to Dana. 
 thanks h 
  This is bizzare.  Global Markets promised Jean this money and won't seem to write her a check.  It was also a low number relative to what was created for GM.  John 
 this one is from john - and should say from john 
 IGNORE FRANK. I DON'T WANT YOU GUYS TRADING POWER RIGHT NOW BUT THAT MIGHT CHANGE SOON. 
 I wasn't aware of schedule B. What is it. 
  Kim  Print this out for my trip. 
 Jeff  Sorry it took so long to respond.  I talked to our EOL guys and they keep this stuff very close to their vest.  People are talking to us about buying the code but this would cost tens of millions of dollars.  So I don't think I can help.  Sorry  John 
 Neil I got the resumes.  Come and see me. 
 Kim  Can you print this stuff for me. 
 I would like to do a phone interview and then I will bring him in if I like him.  Send me a resume and then I'll set him up. 
 I look forward to the updated supply demand analysis.  John 
 Rob  What's the deal on Deregulation in Ontario. 
 Just let me know how I can help. 
  This person hasn't found a violation in a year.  I find that hard to believe. 
 Peggy  I may be in Vegas that weekend.  I'll let you know it that changes. 
 Dave  Oxley is coming.  Me you and Ox on Friday.  Tych joins us on Friday.  The golf reservations are below.  Me and you share rooms at the Bellaggio and Tych and Ox need to sort their rooms out.  We'll leave anytime you want on Thursday afternoon.  Earlier the better of course.  John 
 Done 7:20 at the Houstonian.  See you there. 
 I met with Shea in Houston.  Didn't broach the issue on working in Canada for us.  He always puts on a good face about TC but I'm not sure he loves it.  Until recently I was happy with Lambie.  Call me.  We should think about it. 
 it wasn't outrageous.  Call me if he is interested and we will talk about dollars.  Because he will be a VP candidate he will have to interview in Houston. 
  I take back my dog comment.  john 
 i talked to him last week and we are going to schedule something for next week. 
 Thanks Peter  Hey did Mungo or Mongo are whatever the hell it is buy my house.  Lavo 
 let's stay away 
 Christina and Joe  Congrats.  I'm very happy for you guys.  We have been out of touch for way too long.  John 
 Set up a time with Mike. 
 I would love to meet with you and I'm sure Louise would too.  I would also like to take you to dinner.  Let me know. 
 Bob,  Please increase Kim Hillis' (my assistant) email file.  Kim often receives mail files on my behalf and needs the additional space to receive this mail. 
 Clay  How did you calc the w2 amount of 487,856.  I assume this is the portion of the stock option exerecise that occured after I moved.  If so can I get the calculation for my records.  John 
 I think we are going to pass. 
  I would like to thank everyone for taking the time to interview Greg Shea.  I've known Greg for a long time and tried to hire him on several occasions.  Jon McKay has indicated that he would like to return to Houston for personal reasons later this year and we will need more senior talent in Calgary.  John 
 its sounds like cats are no longer sleeping with dogs and the world is starting to make sense again. 
 What is this? 
 Can't make it.  Thanks anyway. 
 No Problem  Lavo 
 Kim  Can you set up the meeting with my people that John Sherriff requires. 
 Ed  I think Dave talked to you about this deal.  Can you get on my schedule tommorow to discuss the process for all these deals.  John 
 Milly  This looks good especially if you get Harris.  What do they want me to be part of if anything.  I was assuming the Breakfast and the Lunch and hopefully the meeting with Harris. Can you let me know so I can set up my schedule. I would like to go see the Toronto office and also get some personal time in.  Thanks  John 
 Thanks for your help on this. 
 We absolutely should do this.  We shouldn't necessarily not get paid.  There are many different type of outsourcing structures that we have used.  PetroCanada/Suncor - Milnthorp  Brooklyn Union  Peoples - Laura Luce  Enerconnect - Devries  My experience have been only positive when we have been able to get very close with a customer.  Money will show up.  However, if we do operations/accounting stuff for them we should get paid. 
 Just talked to Shapiro.  He wants Lay, Alex and me in the meeting.  I of course was fighting Alex.  I'm okay with Lay meeting other people while he is in town.  Shapiro said he would get Alex working on the talking points.  You and Devries should spend time on them before they come to me. 
 How's that for VAR management.  Lavo 
 This is pretty sensitive stuff.  We should talk about whether we need to distribute it at all and if so who should get it.  I have no ideal why Heizenrader is getting it. 
 Kim  Same deal as the legal memo stuff. 
 Wayne  If Michael Moutlon wishes to pay for this I'm O.K. with it.  The memory business was never sponsored by North America.  Please get Michael to send me an e-mail acknowleding that he well pay.  Thanks  John 
 You should use 30 c1 with that many people. 
 Wait until Louise gets back.  These should not be big.  ie 50 and 125 at most.  I'm not even sure that Irvine is the right guy in the end. 
 No one needed for the PRC.  Jaime Williams and Steve Irwin are co leads. 
 NO 
 Tim  -  It doesn't need to hit the dpr. -  Mike's job is not to respond to rfp's -  If this isn't working then it means that there wouldn't have been agreement over money at the end of year - which is another problem -  Finally, I could of paid Mike half of what I paid him and he would still be sitting in his seat. He needs to figure out a way to be a team player and build the business.  We're not trying to build Stat Oil here. -  If we don't reward our originators properly, we won't have any.  Having said all that.  If your marketers want to go back to the old system and risk getting underpaid, maybe that's the best answer.  Call me. 
 Do not book anything related to Arcor until I say so. 
 Thanks  Aint Technology great. 
 Tych  Can you look into this.  Don't waste too much time on it. 
 john j. lavorato President and Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas 1400 Smith Street Houston, TX 77002  713-853-7991 
 I agree  - having some trouble because dave wants ees on your floor giving you no room to grow and I'm fighting that.  Anyhow - soon. 
 rock on 
 First, congrats on buying a great house for free.  Need to put up a fence in the back because Bob is a pain and somehow convinced me to take done the fence.  We never did figure out the combo for the back door.  john 
 no 
 I don't want mark to market I want accrual. 
 I put it on my schedule for July 10th.  Please call me the week before.  My schedule is a little crazy. 
 Your going to be upset but we are playing Desert Inn on Friday.  Saturday TPC Canyons and some course on Sunday Morning.  Corporate jet home on Sunday Afternoon.  Call Me.  Oxley is coming to round out our Foursome.  You and Ox need to sort out rooms. 
 If we didn't sell any ELP shares over 7 yet I'm taking over the execution. 
 I'm working on it. 
 Also need storage balances and the daily flows for everyday over the last 12 months. 
 If the gas isn't going into Jackson, where is it going. 
 Can you get me Julie's presentation.  I'm in Toronto on April 4th and may be able to come to N.Y. However I would want to know how many meeting you would want me to attend and the message you would want sent if any.  Unfortunately, my time is unbelievably tight.  I can't assure you yet that I can make it, but I would like to try. 
 This could be very dangerous.  OPG controls all the megawatts.  They could set the price high and we wouldn't have the ability to do anything about it.  If you could use British energy and get some deal done with OPG to hedge us maybe we would for a few months. 
 Or did he leave me with the 2 Billion budget to get a 30 Million Budget.  Lavo 
 Thanks  Does Louise get to review me next year too. 
  Are we missing one. 
 They forgot one. 
 20 Million !!!!!!  Is this back money or forward money.  Why did the volumes change so much. 
 Management sucks. 
 john arnold if fixing 
 WES  Can you call Milly and explain the facts of life to him  Lavo 
 I guess I must stop calling you master Dorland. 
 So are you in or out. 
 You and Chris already have your own room.  That was an old memo.  Lavo  P.S.  We have always known that you didn't play well with others. 
 NO but we need to solve this quick because a lot divided by three is more than a lot divided by four.  Another math tip from Lavo 
 Louise  I'm in Toronto with Lay on April 4th.  You should attempt to go to this.  John 
 I working on it.  Scott Tholan reports to Greg Whalley.  I got the rest covered. 
 I need you to leave me alone for a week. 
 It would be helpful to have the cases below 50. 
  Greg  How about you being the Portland General risk manager.  My plate is full.  Lavo 
 Rob  You simply can't negotiate on a choice market.  Are your owed past fees for management? Let me know.  I don't run industrial markets and Greg would have to settle this dispute.  You would lose. 
 John  Greg has been looking into Portland's commodity position.  Apparently they are slightly long. 
 Chris  You should meet with Louise.  She is focused on the Power Business.  I will sit in if I'm available. 
 ok on both.  Please get Robert to sign a 3 month evergreen non compete. 
 Dave  Can you follow up on this. 
 Tim  Give me a call on this I don't understand.  John 
 Sounds fine.  I haven't seen the latest agenda for Ken. 
 john  have you sold anymore 
 Thought you would find this funny. 
 YES 
 yes 
 They are working quite a complex tax structure in Canada.  I'm not sure wha= t role I should play.  Should I just assume that they know what they are do= ing and let them do whatever they want sort of like the finance guys do wit= h our balance sheet or should I get involved.  My first take was that this = was way too good to be true.  John 
 I need driving lessons. 
  Mark  Make sure you are allocating these expenses to EES.  Lavo 
 I just need numbers. 
 ok I've added them, forward the email's for me. 
 Yes - Sorry 
 Sounds great  Lavo 
 I wonder if we should give a special pay to Kim and Kay almost as an overtime payment.  They both work about 12 hours a day.  John 
 Paul Fornataro  8009344448x8x81247 
 I'll work up some paper.  John 
 Your buddy Beau invited me.  How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday. 
 Done 
 Dave  That sounds reasonable, however, I am looking at taking a different tract (ie.  going without orders and being a merchant company rather than an engineering company).  This has several issues especially capital but we are evaluating it over the next 2 weeks.  I will keep you posted.  Lavo  PS  That's the longest email I've ever written. 
 EES and EBS are going to cut commercial staff as well as non-commercial. 
 Is this because you are focusing all you attention on the Diversity Committee.? 
 do you people have jobs? 
 This is clearly an Associate.  He just left business school didn't he. 
 so did I.  Are we going to make him rotate.  He should probably rotate for 6 to 12 months. 
 I didn't get it and I still don't have it.  Just in case.  Lavorato@enron.com 
  Kim  Print this guys resume and then hand it to me. 
 yes 
 JEAN  WHY ARE WE STILL SLEEVING DEALS FOR BRIDGELINE.  UNLESS WE ARE GETTING COMPENSATED FOR THIS I DON'T WANT TO DO IT. 
 Chris  Presto got some info the Calpine got a great price on their power sale to California.  Are we negotiating with California and will they agree to credit terms that we like.  It seems like we are going to sell to someone who is going to sell the California.  If this is true we should evaluate the margin vs the credit and legal risks.  Lavo 
 I keep hearing that we will resolve the tape issue soon.  Can we go over to the broker's office and listen to the tapes. 
 My question is where do I find the graphs. 
 I ask again. Who in ENA did the deal. 
 Is the paper done?  Still don't know what project Maple Leaf is. 
 tease colts +4 under 48 250  tease colts +4 over 36 250  tease miami +8 under 48 250  tease miami +8 over 36 250   st louis minus 6 1/2 250 
  After a great deal of work the Canadian team has renewed our outsourcing arrangement with PetroCanada for another 5 years.  This was a great accomplishment for Enron Canada.  The Logistics, Accounting and Commercial execution over the last 3 and 1/2 years played a key role in extending this deal.  John 
 Where are you?  I hear your already living the new life.  Sick last week.  Vacation this week.  Buying land in Colorado next week?   Lavo 
 yadayadayada 
 When are you and Laura coming down for a Golf game. 
 I thought you would find this funny. 
 Tammy   Check into this.  If these were index trades they should be in our physical volumes not financial. 
 I remember that we talked about him.  Can you please give me a call. 
 sounds good 
  This 250K came from about 3 MW. 
 Call me on this. 
 Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday. I was robbed  Denver +3 350 Phili +3 350 
 Possibly April 5th Morning and Lunch, leaving sometime late afternoon to Houston. 
 Kim  Print Julie's report for me. 
 ya 
 wow 
 FYI 
 I'm talking to Dave about Hughes reporting to Sally. They don't need to even check the bill.  They can have a customer service g= roup and if the customer calls the customer service group can deal with our= guys.   JOHN 
 Tycholiz 
 I'm I still banned from Hockey pools because I always win? 
 Thank God math pays more than grammer. 
 If I can't participate, can I bet on how many times everyone yells at Squid about taking too much time. 
 Fred  First of all I'm going to kill you.  Belfor asked me to advise him on his portfolio.  I'll do it once.  I have a call with him on Tuesday at 2:00.  Can you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us.  Regards  John  P.S.  I'll never call one of your customers again. 
 wow! 
 blow me 
 It's up to you but I might sell a little more 03-10 
 not that I know of. 
 Print them out I will do them by hand. 
 There seems to be a lot of folks at Enron involved with Sithe.  Currently Donahue and Detmering are the most senior people negotiating with them.  Start with them and ask who should we contact and who should do it from our side.  Let me know if you need me to call.  John 
 Pete  You might want to spend more time on Cuiaba.  I assume your aware that we are putting all aspects of the project into the accrual bucket including the stuff we once marked.  John 
 I mentioned it to Jeff breifly and I will re-mention it on the plane.  I think it is higher than 67 Million.  Kent Castleman knows the details.  John 
 ok 
 ok 
 current including tb -500 equals 4170 
 Stan  Please read the attachments.  He has met with several people on the Executi= ve Committee.  I just want to proceed before the meeting next monday.  Let me know.  John 
 Along with all the questions that Louise asked, can I please see the resume. 
 no 
 Talk to Louise 
 ya 
 I thought Rogers signed a long time ago but check with Oxley 
  PLEASE PRINT THIS FOR ME. I'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO PRINT. 
 Jim  Of course I agree.  Not playing any hockey and it's killing me.  Hopefully I'll see you next time.  John 
 Allow I signed the stuff you sent me.  I really stopped being an Enron Employee early last year.  John 
 Kevin  I'm meeting with Dick and Mike at 9 and 10 this morning.  I'll let yoy know if there are any problems. 
 When you sober up give me a call. 
 I thought Eric was gas.  Depending on the cost profile we would probably still do this.  The question is do you buy options on sites, buy sites, and whether or not you pursue permits. 
 pRINT 
 no 
 You don't need Presto. It's administrative and has nothing to do with him. 
 Sorry  I didn't realize it was Good Friday.  I took the day off.  Let's hook up in the next couple of weeks. 
 How about friday afternoon. 
 do you have an extra raquet 
 I would offer him the initial contract assuming its what I think it is.  I know that we have base salary issues that we would have to deal with.  I basically told everyone to drop it when Mike proposed his numbers.  Again, the offer to you and him were not meant to be insulting but meant to offer something a year early as we did with a handful of other folks.  We naively thought that these would be accepted quickly.  For everyone else that got offered a re-up a year early, they did exactlty that.  Let me know if you want to discuss it further. 
 Can send me Tim's home adress and wife's name. 
 Tych told me Lucci was done. Hunter told me that Lewis was done. Witt implies to me he was done. 
 Try Ed McMichael and Barry Tycholiz 
 Looks Good  Make sure they execute. 
 YOU CAN PICK 
 Go ahead and schedule the meeting. 
 We're in. 
 Wes  It's groundhog day again.  How many times are we going to have this discussion.  Give them the cost if they want the drift. 
 Greg  Why is EES's var being put in my 60 Million limit.  Lavo 
 I'm definately not going to support you on this.       Just Kidding 
 Comp 
 Is this in Nevis? 
 Joe  I once again asked about the committee.  I think Skilling, Delainey and Kean set up the committee and I'm told that there are going to be no changes.  You and I will need to go over your Vice Presidents prior to the meeting.  John 
 Vlady  Thanks for the update.  Come and see me Tuesday, I ned some help on South America.  John 
  Tim  You will get stopped out.  I talked to David Port today because last year we spent a lot of time cleaning up gas var and now we must spend the time fixing power var.  However, until its fixed I have no choice but to use the reported numbers. 
 love dceg 
 Unfortunately I can't make it. 
 Take the gloves off. 
 4-5 
 8-4 540-260=280 current 
 tenn+3 200 
 Janet  Communication is always a problem around here.  I have no problem with you having access to all pricing reports and origination schedules. 
 give me a couple of days please 
 Stan  I haven't heard from the fellow from El Paso 
 Yes  I want to move next weekend.  If we can start at 2 PM on Friday it would be fine. 
 big commission 
  Kevin  Can you settle this guy down.  As well as always whining about his fake trading account, he wants to accellerate out of real time early.  Tell him to do his time and learn.  Also he wanted to go to Harry's group next which is a mistake. He needs to learn the business not the derivatives.  John 
 chapter 1 - public relations.  Go down the employee list from highest to lowest paid.  When you get to someone that makes under 60 K per year make them Enron Americas Public Relations person. 
 Please keep this to yourself.  Sally Beck will meet with you guys this week about having logistic leads for your respective regions reporting to you'all.  Let me know how it goes.  Lavo 
 Greg  This list is virtually final.  Any changes will not be material.  I think you should add Louise in the 2-3 level.  I'll call you later. 
 I guess our confirm group shouldn't be worried 
 Thanks for your help Dorie. 
 Do we need to talk about VP and MD nominations. 
 I met with El Paso.  The just got a $1 Billion financing in Brazil and I think they really want to buy Electrobolt.  Working It. 
 Does this sound right bill. 
 tych  -  we are not below bbb 
  Can your respond to me so I can respond to Clayton 
  I just noticed this.  I would support Gorte.  He is a reasonable guy despite what you guys think of RAC.  Can we do this in conjunction with Rick. 
 Stan  I met with El Paso yesterday.  They seem very interested.  Thanks 
 thanks Laura 
 thanks kyle 
 Probably a fraud get the id #'s!  k 
 I'm hoping that port can't find me in the new building. 
 5 day or 7 day for hub cash 
 Can you actually desribe in detail the book out trade.  Term/price/location.  Just send me an email.  Include your phone number.  Thanks john 
 Also  Can you just highlight which curve and term you think is wrong. 
 Reserve the empty seat for someone that I can name later. 
 I need you to call me today 
 just charge them 10 k.  It will add up. 
 get me everyone's extentions so I can phone each tt person. 
 We can find seats for them. 
 Mark  Brett Wiggs is taking El Paso through the motions this week on Electrobolt.  They seem keen on showing us a bid by next week.  Let me know if you need anything else.  John 
 Charlene,  Thank you for the invitiation, however, I wanted to let you know that John is currently scheduled to be out of the country on January 11.  I have added it to his schedule incase his plans change.  Kim 
 ouch 
 me, brad mckay, tych and 3 others would like to take on 6 power hacks in football on Thursday morning.  Touch. 
 call me in the morning 
 YES YAHOO ONLY - CLAYTON VERNON 
  Since Hiring Greg Wolfe and another marketer, AEP has been going after a lot of people in our Portland office. 
 great 
  i thought you had pull 
 1 just had a baby and I'm playing. 
 your welcome  great work mike 
 yes  I have a time on Sunday and the rates are down to 95 at the Houstonian.  Let me know. 
 Kevin  Help out with Reliant.  John 
 I've bought 5800 contracts non pv'd.  I think Zufferli has bought 3000 non pv'd.. 
 hurry hurry 
 tb + 9.5 for 250 
 Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096 
 Kori  I figured you were bored so I did a Cole trade. 
 I'm getting really really tired.  If the company's intent is for me to just run a trading operation let me know. 
 Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of the 2001 DPR. 
 Greg  Don't forget to ask some option questions. 
 current 5170  tenn -6 200 ny -4 200 
 Ken  I hereby resign from the management committee.  John Lavorato 
 I received my letter of resignation from the management committee back from you.  I'm a little confused.  You ripped it up and sent it back.  My letter was not a joke and your response confuses me.  John 
 RAC: Bill Bradford, Debbie Brackett  Top analysts and associates - we have started ranking and will be finished today.  What is Beck's list and does it include IT or is it the list we did?  Power Scheduling too. 
 we bought 15000 contracts and our VAR didn't fall.  Something is wrong with the model 
 Mark  Todd Esse of Sempra is in the building and wanting to buy the metals business.  I told him to call you. 
 203-850-2126 
 Greg,  1.  We can include the sithe agreement in the master netting agreement although we do not believe that this will work for Dynegy as it is not a forward contract but an annuity stream which cannot be accelerated, however if they think it works - fine.  We would not want the margin calculated net (it needs to be exclusive of this transaction).  If they were to convert to two swaps in order to allow for acceleration in the master netting agreement, there is an accounting issue for us.  2.  In the East we are long physical power from them in the markets which are not pools.  We are short to them in the pools which clear financially and we have no issues in the pools.  So we do not need to do anything.  I'll have the west soon.  3.  We will have our physical gas position by point soon.  We will agree to prepay for all of Dec but we should only pay day by day. 
 i didn't see 80 million of p/l on Friday. Did we book the deal? 
 I wonder with Joe Sutton gone if they can cancel the worldwide Analyst and = Associate PRC.  It take a lot of time away from our people and we are ranki= ng them ourselves anyway.  John 
 I will not accept Amerex having the ability to execute over the phone.  Take this out of the deal or kill the deal.  John 
 Rob  Give me a call sometime about this trade. 
 I have no interest.  Thanks 
 I want all the extra VAR you can give me for the next few weeks.  Please let me know if and how much that is.  Regards  John 
 I'm a strong yes on these issues. 
 So I didn't violate yesterday. 
 Delainey and I started initial discussions reguarding EES and the customers and products they plan to market.  These were initial discussions.   Dave is writing something up to send to me.  Before I agree on anything I will talk to all of you.  Some of the meeting that are happening may be a little premature.  John 
 Bob keeps trying to stack and roll his date for leaving.  Don't let him.  John 
 Mike  I'm coming down this week.  We'll talk about it then.  John 
 At some point when you less busy, I would like you to look into one of the Compressor service deals. 
 John said yes - call me if you have questions.  k 
 Please move the names_jlavora.nsf and jorunal_jlavora.nsf files to the appropriate locations on his mail server (nahou-lnmai16).  You can either hit me on the Nextel (56517)  or page me (713-327-9348) when this is ready, so I can complete his iPAQ installation.  Thanks -Mike Hernandez 
 yes  I will follow up.  Lavo 
 Quick someone call Owen. 
 I'm getting closer.  Can you resend me the initial memo. 
 I just read this email now.  It might be too late. 
 current 5110 big one coming on the superbowl. 
 There should be an appetite for increasing overall risk at Enron. 
 check with Oxley 
 Good Job  Does EES have any exposure. 
 Add Wes to these notes.  Thanks John 
 no 
 Kelly  Unfortunately Enron moved me to Houston.  I will not be able to participate in Enviros this year.  Regards  John Lavorato 
 I've got my financing covered.  Cash and Enron.  However I did enjoy the e-mail.  Regards  Lavo 
 If we post Canada Power, post Canada Gas. 
 It's fine.  We don't need to meet. 
 Contact Rob Milnthorp and tell him that I strongly recommend that he give a donation.  Also, Rob might be a great addition to your team.  John 
 This is what we executed yesterday, 
 Ione can you please cc. me when Lavo or Milly have meetings to attend  like these as Lavo reads his e-mails about once a week twice if he's feeling fresky.  Thanks  Angela 
 Sure thing!  I will give it to her in the morning.  k     Susan Skarness @ ECT 05/22/2000 06:31 PM 
 Donald,  Could you please include my name on the distribution of this report?  Thanks  Kimberly Hillis 713-853-0681 
 Rob  I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Unfortunately I have decided to take another route.  Thanks 
 David  I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Unfortunately I have decided to take another route. 
 Dave   The weather group should show this P/L today 
 Thanks for the update and good job in handling this. 
 Ed  Let me know when you will be ready to have a meeting with Dave and I to discuss your model and specific needs for expanding the middle market group. 
 You might want to file this.  Lavo 
 I need you guys to confirm that you are available June 3rd (Saturday) for the ENA super saturday.  P.S.  you need to say yes. 
 Jeff, I don't know any of the Houston guys and I don't think the Calgary guys are important enough.  Lavo 
 Call me when you get back. 
 Mark  I like the route of Thor runnig Europe out of Oslo.  Why don't you make that happen and pass on the guy from Aquila for now.  Give me a call if you agree.  Lavo 
 John,  For confirmation, I have this meeting scheduled at 4:30 on June 2, 2000. Please let me know if you have something different.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 I hear you.  However, this big a difference doesn't make sense to me.  Are the scalers and the vol marked correctly. 
 yes 
 If Beth is our Systems person why is she in London.  Lavo 
 Here are our picks for the incoming class.   Gas  Analysts:  Gabrial Chavez Nate Blackburn Phillip Berry (Maybe for Sally Beck or Beth Perlman) Sachin Gandhi Miguel Nasser James Wininger  Associates  Dustin Collins Vikas Dwivedi Li Sun  Power  Analysts:  Elizabeth Johnston Possey Martinez Gary Justice  Associates:  Doug Seaworth Dustin Collins Eduardo Gil Pearce Hammond David Maskel Michael Kelly  Please confirm how many of these we can lock up.  Lavo 
 Mark  I know I promised you a weekly trading update.  I got a little distracted this week.  I will get it done.  John 
 Angela, make sure I buy Chris's gift on Monday.  Set up a Meeting, Milly, Kyle, Derek and Eric with Hemstock re. regulatory. 
 Thank you Sue!  I will remove it from John's calendar.  Let me know if you make a change.  Kim x30681    Enron North America Corp. 
 Call me 
 Looks good. 
 As discussed.  Gary give me a call before you call Gavin. 
 Dave  I was told that I was changed over on June 1st.  Please make sure it is June 15th or I have tax problems.  Lavo 
 Sure 
 I am working with CIBC on another credit mitigation deal.  They are interested but they have said nothing yet on pricing levels.  I am sending them something on Monday that will propose a Enron payment on Friday December 17th of approximately $16 MM CAD.   Again, this payment would come from the U.S. office so if there are any administrative things that need to get done I suggest we get on it quickly.  I assume Juanita needs to deal with funding and Louie needs to secure a letter from CIBC re credit mitigation.  I'm in Houston part of the week but you can track me done through my secretary.  Regards   John Lavorato 
 If I remeber correctly, you were writing a time-table for the Ontario Peaker deal. 
 Kyle there in nothing on this message. 
 John, we did a deal with Peoples the co-manage some of there assets.  We are actually setting up a Chicago office with them and sending some people to it.  You should call Jean Mrha and find out the structure.  If might help us with a structure with Unical. 
 Cliff, lease the EOTT space. 
 Please stop sending me this report. John. 
 Dave:  I gave a copy of my Canadian bonus levels to Whalley.  Please give me a call when you start getting down the road on levels as I would like to talk about options and equity for some of my people.  Regards,    John Lavorato 
 I have contacted HR and the changes were made on Friday.  Please make sure that the system reflects John Lavorato's Houston number and that his Canada number is not dialed.  Call me if you have questions at 713-853-0681.  Kim Hillis    Tycie Magee  06/09/2000 04:03 PM 
 Angela - tasks  1.  Ask Iris how fast she can get more clocks, I would like to send some to my brokers.  Also get me a list of who our marketers are sending gifts to.  2.  Tell Milly I'm requesting 3000 for the Order of Good Cheer and that I will make a 1000 dollar donation personally that I will not as Enron to match.  3. 
 Hello again everyone.  One last structure pre-christmas.  I'm am working on an option structure with TD bank that would see 20,000,000 CAD go out the door on Wednesday December 22nd or Thursday December 23rd.  There will be no special documentation necessary, only standard option confirmations.  The money will return equally over the 12 months of 2000.  TD is charging us a fee of 50K CAD for the idea but since it is different than the deals we have already done I'm OK with it.  What I need is the following.  1 -  If there are any questions or concerns please call me early Monday morning.  2 - Jordon - Please call me and give me your OK.  3.  Juanita - Let me know if you can handle the payment in time.  4.  Joe - How's are Line of Credit coming - we're running out of time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 As you know we were trying to do some funding deals prior to the end of the year.  We executed a total of $65 Million CAD with 4 different companies (TD, CIBC, Bank Paribas, and BMO).  Everyone who I cc'd this note to did a great job of helping us execute.  Regards  John Lavorato 
 Cliff I want to add a seat between Chad and the window.  Can you check it out.  John. 
 David  I'm going to extend and offer to someone who currently works at Koch.  I will extend the offer at the Director level but this person could easily pass as a Vice President.  I think I need to add some stock or options to the offer. Can you please advise me on how I can accomplish this.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Dawn, call me on Lambie and Brodeur. 
 John, I thought I would send you a note to outline our conversation re. David Redmond.  Dave will return to the London office in late May.  In late February we will pinpoint the group/job that will best suit Dave and Enron. All efforts will be made to get Dave an option trading related position.  Regards,   John Lavorato 
 Rob  How good is that credit report from Bradford.  Can I use it or do we need Lon to update something monthly.  John 
 Dave  The PPA schedule was pushed back two weeks.  I would like to keep our meeting with Skilling because I heard he was going to Africa for 3 weeks.  Lavo 
 Rob, Paul is scheduled to come to Calgary early next week.  He should have a good idea of how Enerconnect went then.  I'm assuming your in, if you are not please call Paul and reschedule.  I'm in Houston for the rest of the week. 
 Laurie  As Discussed. 
 TIM  Now that we have so much time on our hands.......Please send me a list of products, terms and bid/offer spreads that we can negotiate for EOL. 
 Jane  Sorry I was very busy last week.  The ammendment is no rush.  I will call you when I get a chance.  John 
 Dave  I wouldn't mind waiting a few weeks to go to Portland.  PRC is going to eat up a lot of time in the next few weeks and it would be nice if Mike Swerzman was in town when we went.  However, whatever you want "I will follow"(U2).  Lavo 
 Give me a call. 
 Jeff  Can you set up a meetin with you and your desk heads and me for 1 hour this week to talk about EOL and product offerings. 
 Jane,  I have printed off these forms, had John sign the employee one and have passed this information on to Dave Delainey.  After receiving the information, please let me know if you have any questions or require any additional information.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 All of a sudden Mark Frevert asks me everyday about when we'll know about hedging re PPA's and if we can delay the auction 2 weeks.  The dream is still alive.  Let's see my boys come through.  Lavo 
 We need the hourly data.  If they do not release it OPG has a significant advantage in a deregulating market.  Please push the issue.  John 
 The Emmisions book under Kevin McGowan will take a one time $4 Million hit today.  This is to move the curves to better reflect the current market. This hit will stay in the Coal group but will be removed from its P/L from a performance measurement standpoint.  Now that the curves are corrected I expect a focus on building our emmisions trading business in the following ways:  1.  Understanding the fundamentals. 2.  Taking advantage of structural shifts that we forecast. 3.  Building more liquidity and being the primary market maker. 4.  Developing new traders.  Thanks  John 
 Ron  Thanks for your help with my house purchase.  Please forwad an bill to me at Enron (location eb3324). 
 Kim  No more salary changes without my approval. 
 Lavorato Self Evaluation/Accomplishments  I'm just simply better than everyone else. 
 I think we should restrict Peter's memo's to 50 words or less.  Please advise.  Lavo. 
 Kori,  John is out of the office today.  I will convey your message to him when he phones.  If there are any changes, I will alert you.  Have a great day and wonderful weekend.  Kim 
 Please excuse Kim Hillis and Kay Chapman from SAP timekeeping class and provide them with the necessary tools to learn this at their desks.  I understand that with this dismissal that they will be required to learn it on their own.  Kim Hillis is currently registered for the class on Thursday, June 29 and Kay Chapman had Beverly Stephens attend on her behalf.  Please provide them with a contact name in the event that they have any questions. 
 This memo follows up on our discussion this morning.  With respect to the 15 million of increased VAR that the Board allocated to Rick Buy and Jeff Skilling I propose the following:  1.  5 Million be allocated to EES and therefore remove EES's positions from the Wholesale gas and power groups (This has already been done).  2.  Move the control and decision making of 5 Million of VAR each to the trading heads of North America (Lavorato) and Europe (Sherriff).  3.  With respect to North America I intend to create a group called the "Cross Commodity Trading Group" which will warehouse the 5 Million of VAR and use it as it sees fit (I will run this group and currently be the only employee).  This will start out as an administrative structure to use if we need to throw more VAR at certain positions (I see the individual trading groups staying within their VAR limits).  However, I do see the need for a true cross commodity group that would search for low risk / high probability trades accross the commodities that we trade.  This structure may help to start us down this path.  Please let me know what you think.  John 
 We're back baby. 
 Rick  I wasn't double counting.  My 5 Million was the Cross commodity group.  I'm fine with your comments re. Sherriff. 
 Dan, we need to talk about cancelling some of our Telerate feeds.  John 
 Rob  Just to clear on our conversation.  I'm fine with the Sunoco transaction. 
 How is our internal trading of PJM demand going. 
 Dennis  Thanks for your memo outlining your positions and strategies.  It was very helpful for me to understand your thought process which seems very sound.  I hope to spend more time with you guys in the future.  I am also working on the human resource issues you mentioned.  John Lavorato. 
 Dave  It sounds like the urgency on the Wind Power decision wasn't a reality. Kevin says that they are working on it.  If you need me to do anything let me know.  Lavo 
 Looks good to me. 
 Please do not send me these charts. 
 Chris  I know I have to sign this stuff. I don't think I need the e-mails. 
 Your getting way to complicated.   This product may not trade much and until it does we can do most things manually. 
 Joe  A couple of questions.  1.  Where did the Gas Trading P/L derive from this month.  2.  How are you coming on the position reports we discussed.  Talk to you soon.  John Lavorato 
 Sorry Vince I have been out of town.  Please give me a call tomorrow. 
 I've told Presto to relax 17 times.  Just deal with me on this one. 
 Kathryn  Although we are a qualified bidder, we still have not made the decision to bid.  I would try to avoid discussing but if you need to give me a call. 
 I have a 1:10 meeting so I can't attend your marketing meeting.  I thought it might be a good idea to grab Lambie at noon and get him to attend your whole meeting.  He might have some insights into Alliance among other things.  Lavo 
 Beth  Please respond with a plan to solve these problems.  Thanks John 
 Let me know if she doesn't solve your problems. 
 Brad  Can you get me a copy of the final PRC results for all employees in ENA. 
 Ed  As well as Dave's suggestions, I would like to see value per transaction which I'm told you keep track of. 
 Oxley  Change it to 150 and 100 on Long term comp and ignore the bonus target and send it back to me.  I will forward it to Belden with a note.   Thanks 
 Dave  Following up on our summit.  I wrote down that you would follow up on the synergies or lack there of between the research group and the group run by Scott Tholen.   I would be happy to coordinate this myself.  Please write back and let me know if this is okay. 
 I have asked the crude group to give a presentation on fuel oil supply and demand which will take place Wednesday July 12 at 2:15 in the big boardroom on the 30th floor. I would encourage everyone to come and bring any traders that you think would benefit from it. 
 This is to confirm a meeting for tomorrow, Tuesday, July 11 at 2:00 pm. Please reference the meeting as Systems Meeting and also note that there will be a follow up meeting.   The meeting will be held in EB3321.  Call Kim Hillis at x30681 if you have any questions.  k 
 Call me Lavo. 
 Dave  It looks like we hit a home run. 
 I have a meeting at 1:15, I assume in my office, with some Houston folks. The topic a potential purchase of Westcoast.  I would like both of you to attend. 
 I would like to request a temporary increase of the Natural Gas var limit for the next 10 business days.  I suggest Natural Gas Trading's limit increase to 45 Million limit from the current 40 Million limit.  The floor is very bullish and we don't want to take off our West Basis positions which are eating up a lot of var.  Please advise. 
 Can we do it without the bonus target. 
 This is the most bizarre resume I've seen in a long time. 
 Put all these dates on my calander. 
 Oxley and I will come up with a first stab at the option grants.  John 
 I guess we were wrong.  We were totally surprised by the a.g.a. number.  We need to work on are ability to predict it.  Therefore, we probably net sold contracts today and will be under our 40 Million limit.   I don't think there is any reason to change what we did today.  We will keep it in our pocket for 10 days unless you disagree.  John 
 Now I have three places to be on December 1st.  Super Saturday, Portland Christmas Party and Brazil.  I working on the cloning process. 
 Change the rating.  John Lavorato 
 I would love to see more detail. 
 Dave  Can you get one of your people to handle this.  Lavo 
 Jana,  Gas is Jeff Shankman and Kevin Presto is Power.  Get it contact with Jeff or Kevin to find out their information.  Call me or Ted Bland if you have any questions.  k     Enron North America Corp. 
 OK 
 John, I think they have to do something to improve the customize pages.  At a minimum, they need to build something so you don't have to re add day gas everyday. 
 Rick  Can you include me on your distribution list re. Nepool and the ICAP product.  Thanks 
 Dave  I agree with all your points.  There had to be a first time. I've been blowing Ted off because of the markets last week. Let's get together this week with Ted and discuss the future.  Kim please set up meeting with Ox and Bland and me. 
 Jeff  Why don't you take a stab at the disaster plan.  John 
 Sheila  Can take the current spreadsheet attached and add the origination prc resuslts under the proposed cash bonus categy.  The vp commercial page is the only relevant page.  Please send that back when your done. 
 The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.   *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:  2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65  *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power.  *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.  *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $2.00/MW hour for varialbe o&m.  *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.  *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. 
 The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.   *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:  2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65  *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power.  *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.  *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $1.05/MW hour for varialbe o&m.  *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.  *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. 
 Ed  How are you doing on these reports. 
 Yes 
 Figure out how to print this file on one or two pages that is readable. 
 Dave,  We had a meeting today with Mark Frevert, Rick Buy, Greg Whalley, Ted Murphy, Bill Bradford, Mark Haedicke, Julia Murray, Tim Belden, Elliot Mainzer, Derek Davies, Rob Milnthorp, and Peter Keohane regarding Alberta PPA.  Attached please find a copy of the presentation that was given at the meeting.  Call me so that we can discuss.     John 713-853-7991 
 Put this in my binder and tell him to start sending it to you. 
 Let's get this done quickly.  You should tell everyone what they need to do to accomplish this.  John. 
 Sorry Jim but I left you a voicemail saying that there was no material loss in trading. 
 Ed  Set up a meeting with me and you to discuss this report. 
 Laura  I just want to make sure we are paying ngx a twentieth not a tenth. 
 Fifty dollars. 
 It sounds like I need to clafify my plans for trading and risk management of power in Ontario.  1.  Garrett is in Toronto and should be doing everything possible to try to understand all the ins and outs of the Ontario Power Market including building forward curves.  He has dual reporting to Paul Devries (head of the Enron's Toronto operation) and Dana Davies (head of ENA power trading for the Northeast U.S.).  Dana has ultimate risk management responsibility for Ontario.  2.  My current opinion is that we should trade Ontario out of the Toronto office with risk management responsibilities rolling into Dana.  This could always change in the future if it doesn't make sense.  3.  John Mckay, although he has been helping Bill out, will ultimately have no power trading responsibilities.  4.  Tom May is the cash trader in N.Y. reporting to Dana.  I expect us to use Tom's expertise with respect to Ontario to build up our competency there, however, Toms' main role will be N.Y.  5.  Garrett should spend some time (probably soon) in Houston getting to know the people and the technical resources available to him.  If anyone has any questions concerns please give me a call.  John 
 When we have made some inroads into SO2 analysis please set up another meeting with me. 
 No hurry.  You guys just peeked my interest last time and I would like to continue discussions.  John 
 I thought I would try to summarize our meeting this week and document a list of agreed apon tasks.  1.  The Unify system is on the brink of disaster and everyone agrees that we have huge business risk if it blows up.  -->  Sally and Beth are going to document the steps we are taking to maintain the system and minimize the chances of a failure. (everyone understands that this is a difficult task but it sounds like it should be a high priority)  2.  The database to run the gas books takes way too long and is leading to long hours on the part of our back office staff.  -->  Beth is moving from Sun-O-S to Sun-Sularis which should allow us to address the problem.  We have 4 contractors working on this and we are expecting it to take 6 weeks.  Once this project is complete we can add hardware and reduce the time problems.  3.   The traders need better real time management tools that ultimately combine their physical and financial trades together and identify their real time risk. TDS was a system that was built to help this however it does not meet all the traders needs.  This ultimately needs to be a system that is commissioned by the               traders to meet their needs.  -->  Phillip Allen is going to prepare a list of trader needs in consultation with all the gas desks heads.   After this Beth should try to come up with a plan to get a system that meets all the traders needs.  4.  The power system is unstable and fails on a regular basis.  This is leading to long hours on the part of our back office staff.  Beth has made progress in this area and we are going to monitor the improvements over the next 4 to 6 weeks to see if the improvements prove to be working.  5.  Steve Natt  is going to put a plan together that meets with Kevin Presto's approval that addresses our needs with respect to all-requirements deals and volume management deals in the east.  6.  There will be no more business trips to London (somewhat kidding).  7.  Portland has issues with speed do to the fact that we still run their books through an interface with Houston.  -->  John Lavorato will talk to Tim Beldon and Beth to determine whether its worthwile to put servers in Portland.  -->  Since Tim was not in the meeting, John will make sure we are covering all his needs. 
 Where did you ever get the idea for this? 
 Jeff  Please confirm that the assistants are going to the Houstonian to learn how to read the screens. 
 Please order John an ISDN line with the understanding that he would still like to receive DSL.  Kim   Circuit Provisioning                07/21/2000 07:57 AM 
 You can set it up.  I'm am overrulling Greg in the future.  John McKay can set up products. 
 jill  Lon puts a bunch of reports together for me, you don't have to e-mail me.  Thanks 
 Dave  Give me a call on the weekend if you get a chance.  I talked to Shankman and he talks about more groups going to Global than I thought.  Like to discuss.  Lavo  Home 713-61-6096 Cell 713-417-3074 
 Tony  Wow I don't think so.   I thought I would rewrite yours and correct some of the factual errors.  If you disagree please write me back.  I moved from our Houston office in 1994 to Calgary and in 1999 was named President of the Canadian operation.  We went from a small gas marketing shop to the dominant natural gas trader and originator in Canada.  It was absolutely awesome.  I had the time of my life.  We built the business with very little supervision from Houston into a major contributor to Enron Corp's bottom line.  These days, as many people know, we are using the same trading and risk management skills that we learned in the energy business to create liquid tradable markets in bandwidth, pulp and paper, coal, and many others. So our newer people still have the chance to do what I did in Canada and help build revolutionary new businesses.  What a lot of people don't realize is how dominant our trading and risk management presence is in Natural Gas and Power.  The opportunities our outstanding and the challenges will test the best minds out there.  These businesses are interesting and very complicated with a million different variables to figure out ranging from the weather to the levels of gas storage in Montana to how to move power from New York to South Caralina.  You can't put gas and power on a truck or store them in a warehouse like other commodities.  Its not like trading bonds, where you sit around and try to figure out what the Fed is going to do.  It has much more complexity, and if you like trying to solve complex problems and your good at it.....get down here! .... we need you!  John's callout quote  Enron's not a place where you can hide.  If you can't get it done you won't fit in.  But if you can, and you work hard, you'll get noticed, you'll excell, you'll get paid, and we're going to love you. 
 I think we should play on Wabamun - assume we are. 
 I was right on the legal question Jeff asked.  Julia was wrong.  She is dropping a note to Skilling. 
 You didn't attach anything. 
 I've been assured about funding before.  I would like to know what Canadian vehicle they are going to use. 
 Dave  What is the status:  Have they seen them.  If they haven't I would to talk to you about it. 
 print this in color. 
 Greg here is our info:  John,Dina and Michael Lavorato 6437 Mercer 77005 Phone Home 713-661-6096 Work 713-853-7991 
 Chris  I just get Greg's reports on the intranet page. You don't have to e-mail me. 
 What type of industrial.  ie Chemical, Fertilizer etc. 
 Please see the attached Alberta PPA presenation.  Please make review and if you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Ed  This stuff looks good.  Why don't you combine all your stuff, maybe include the org chart also and see if we can get a 3 or 4 page report.  Send it to me and I'll run if by Dave. 
 John  I asked about loss limits a couple months ago and Ted said that they no longer report these numbers to the board. However, I think we should get rid of the whole concept.  VAR is the relevant concept.  Please advise. 
 I am not on side with a contract for Per.  Please give me a call. 
 i'm ok with this Brad McSherry|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 12:48 pm:  John,  Hunter Shively needs Doyle Baughman to monitor the construction of a pipeline in the U.S.  Doyle has done this for us in the past.  The terms of the agreement are as follows:  1st month $10,000 + expenses 2nd+ months $  9,000 + expenses  Hunter anticipates that we will use Doyle for several months.  We can terminate our agreement at anytime.  Regards, Brad 
 Telephone:  713-853-7991 Fax:  713-646-3227 Work Addy: 1400 Smith Street, EB3322 Email:  lavorato@enron.com Assistant: Kim Hillis - 713-853-0681/EB3324  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.  Thanks  Kim Hillis   Rachael Adams @ ECT                07/31/2000 04:00 AM 
 Rachael,  Could you also send me yours and Drew's information?  Thanks  Kim   Rachael Adams @ ECT                07/31/2000 04:00 AM 
 Thanks Dave  Hope everything is well in London.  Lavo 
 You can call Sherrif. If you need my help let me know. 
 Put a rush on the Fletcher Challenge 7 year deal.  We just signed a master with them.  In addition, I originally put last day in the book and it should be last 3 days. 
 Let's leave it for now.  John 
 Natural Gas Risk Management requests and increase to 45 Million from 40 Million  to increase our gas fixed price position (long) until Tuesday morning (August 8th).  Thanks  John 
 This looks good.  Don't worry I will definately call if I want something. 
 No storms in sight. 
 Thomas,  Please do not email this to John.  I believe that I have been receiving a copy of this from Gabriel in the morning with the other gas information.  In the event that this is an update or different information, always direct it to my email address.  Thank you for all and call me if you have any questions.  Kim Hillis x30681    Enron Energy Services 
 So do we have emmisions. 
 Brian  Sorry I didn't get back quickly.  You need to tell me what the premium translates into from a dayrate perspective.  In addition, I thought you were going to write an outline of what they would try to do in the next little while. (ie how much one way exposure)  This way I don't have to get involved in every deal until they prove to me that is big enough to allocate a risk manager to the market. 
 Sorry  -  A hurricane off Africa - I think you will have a good tail wind when you are leaving.  Lavo 
 Julie please call me. 
 Andre,  I gave John the Round 5 information and told him the time restraints.  Please let me know if you need anything further.  Kim 
 Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule. 
 Thanks for the update and keep up the good work. 
 EES is trading them up.  Give me a call. 
 Fine. 
 I think Shankman wants me to go to this.  If this is true please put it on my schedule. 
 Kevin  Is this the guy you are interviewing. 
 I haven't seen an e-mail. 
 Make sure this is on my schedule. 
 Same a mid year  I'm smarter than everyone else.  Just in Case  *  Managed a Trading group that is up 2 Billion (more if you included hits taken) - probably not due to me. *  Left a lot of money in Canada - some is still there. *  Led the PPA deal - which I will resign and buy personally if you want to turn it back. *  Created the Gas Fundamentals Group which every business unit is copying. * Came up with LTP which everybody hates but will fix our trader shortage in the future and every company is copying. *  Trained many great young kids in Calgary that are now key players in Houston. *  Created structure and communication around our system strategy - brought traders, IT, and back office together to create a plan that everyone has bought into.  The future success is unclear but the exercise was very worthwhile. *  Had very few VAR violations and helped improve our understanding and reporting of VAR.  Completed mended the relationship between gas trading and the risk group. *  Should get most credit for the increase in power trades on EOL and the continuation of the increase in Gas. *  Turned the East Power group into a focused trading group not a think tank that bets on July-Aug power price - Still nowhere near completion. *  Put a halt on the hiring of unqualified people - Have spent many hours devising a plan to bring in qualified - experience people.  You will see this implemented in 2001. *  Experimented with the "Pay PRC"  which I think was very successful.  I think this will start our organization to think a little differently and hopefully in a way that will benefit us. *  Possibly the best accomplishment is "Killing the Dragon".  I'm glad you made me write this list down because for the first time in months I realized that I was smiling while I was writing.  Regards  John 
 Hey Greg.  If you ever are in Houston again give me a call.  I want to talk to you about the order stuff in the second version of EOL. 
 We can adjust the salary if he get promoted.  Leave it for now. 
 I can't seem to print this.  Can you try. 
 Please give me a call this week I need some info. 
 David  When you get back, hopefully in one peice.  Can you take care of my moving expenses and the gross up issue. 
 Thought you would find this funny. 
 I wonder if we should give a special pay to Kim and Kay almost as an overtime payment.  They both work about 12 hours a day.  John 
 Thanks for the increased VAR.  We got it right this time. 
 Rick  I would like to request an extension of the 45 million limit until Friday. We like gas and we would like to maximize this move. 
 The PPA auction is going along well I think.  We are leading on Sundance B and have been for 3 rounds now.  Some weird things are occuring so it is too early to tell what will utimately happen.  The government has said that it will move to the third and final stage of the auction in the morning.  We would be estatic if people continue to leave us alone on Sundance B. Currently we are bid  $112,000,000 Canadian and a swap price of 33.5 CAD. But again its too early to get our hopes up. 
 Does this mean that we have no VAR limit during this time. 
 We should be getting gas fax. 
 Dave  I don't think I can follow up with 90 people.  Please advise me if I should be handling this or your group is hadling.  John 
 That's great.  Please don't let Len delay. 
 I wonder with Joe Sutton gone if they can cancel the worldwide Analyst and Associate PRC.  It take a lot of time away from our people and we are ranking them ourselves anyway.  John 
 Joe  Thanks for taking the time to meet with the Canadian ministers.  If you would like me to be present when they come to Houston please let me know.  John Lavorato 
 Dave  Is there a round 2 of raptor and is Beau Canada going into it. 
 Veronica,  In the future, please send this information to me so that I can print it off and make sure that it gets signed.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Just to be clear.  There will be no re-allocations of analysts and associates from ENA to Global Products. 
 Please call me at x30681 prior to installation.  Kim 
 Thank you Donnie.  I was having server problems yesturday so you did the right thing!  Thanks again and have a wonderful day.  Kim 
 What have you been smoking. 
 Make sure we don't lose these two to Jeff.  Call Celeste and tell them that we have place them in gas. 
 I talked to Whalley about it a little bit.  The one issue is that when we liquidate a bad position they get out first.  Think about it. 
 Mark  We can make this even simpler.  All broker trades are confirmed the next day.  We would only need to record trader deals when they deal direct which is rare and all marketer deals.  If we do this we might consider keeping the tapes for a longer period because only the confirming part would be on tape.  Please advise. 
 I really think we can do this more systematically.  Give me a little time. ie.  Trust me I'm the Godfather. 
 Dave  I hate to make the management committee too big but how about Scott Tholen. He is very high quality. 
 Can you please help Greg get this info.  I have to think that we have this info somewhere. 
 Jessica,  I have resent the information to you with the requested signatures.  Could you please provide me with the exact address so that I can send this overnight to your attention.  Thank you  Kim Hillis assistant to John Lavorato 713-853-0681 kimberly.hillis@enron.com 
 A couple questions.  Do I need to do anything next Wednesday or will money just hit my accout?  Will you pay the contractor and if so why is Len Wong involved?  John 
 Chris ask Dave he is still the king of your world in my mind. 
 I need to do my reviews before I go to Hawaii.  Please write out instructions on how I can do them on the computer. 
 Tim  Given the tight schedule, lets try to find a half and hour for me to sit in front of all of the traders at once.  John 
 OK  I think 3 days a year is fair. 
 Per  I misplaced your emain on the funds.  Can you resend it please.  Thanks John 
 Beth  I'm wondering if you are done are close on the systems plan.  I am getting on a plane early monday afternoon.  I would love something to review even if it is not complete.  Thanks  John 
 Get Chris Abel on my schedule early Monday. Also can you make sure that I have a computer set up for me in Portland and Calgary and that it gets me into my network.  I especially need to be able to get into the executive reports. 
 Dave  We need to think about trying to get more VAR for the gas floor before all these other commodities go to the Board and scare the hell out of them.  I have several reasons for this so lets discuss.  Lavo 
 10 Million - Pan Nat gas purchase from Duke - Contract allows for price determination.  10 Million - Tolls Risk associated with PGT transport that expires in 2023.  10 Million  - Index Risk at Chicago as a result of the Peoples transaction  I'll call you later today. 
 We won a PPA in Alberta.  We will know for sure on Thursday when the government declares the auctin a success or not.  It is highly like that it will be a success.  Please direct all detailed questions through Derek Davies in Canada (403-974-6793) 
 XXXX XXX 
 Eric  Can you re submit me the utilities in Alberta including gas. 
 Given our current views of the natural gas markets, we are requesting an increase in our VAR limits from 40 million to 45 million until next Tuesday.  John 
 If this is OK with you its OK with me. 
 Paul  The fellow in Andea Reed's group is all yours.  P.S.  How is our trade coming along. 
 Phillip Allen will put 50 Million in Schedule C reserve on August 23rd and Mike Grigsby and Kieth Holst will put 25 Million each on August 24th. 
 Change Holst and Grigsby to 35 Million and 35 Million. 
 I am writing to inform you that John Lavorato has left for vacation however should be checking emails throughout the next week.  If you believe this matter requires his immediate response, please call and let me know or leave John a voicemail.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Help 
 Dave  Try to make sure that my assigned guys get significant roles.  Make sure they are interviewing on campus.  PS  Herdon is a director not VP 
 That's fine by me. 
 Your killing me.  Lavo.  I'm going to start calling you Delainey. 
 I think I know what this E-mail is about. 
 Looks good to me.  John Lavorato 
 I would like to see the resumes. 
 Should the cap affect the marginal price of power in Ontario.  Lavo 
 This e-mail is kind of funny. 
 Can I please see the resumes. 
 I keep hearing that Mcsherry is gone yet his xxxxxx name keeps coming up.  Lavo 
 The commercial support people that you and Hunter want to make commercial managers. 
 I'm in Vegas this weekend, want to come.  P.S.  We should play soon I have averaged 94 in my last 5 rounds. 
 Good Job! 
 John, I thought I would send you a note to outline our conversation re. David Redmond.  Dave will return to the London office in late May.  In late February we will pinpoint the group/job that will best suit Dave and Enron. All  efforts will be made to get Dave an option trading related position.  Regards   John Lavorato 
 i'm in 
 Wes  Are we allocating people like research out to the various wholesale groups.  John 
 Fletch  Make sure they also set up the fixed price vs. daily term swaps at Henry the Hub. 
 FYI - see below.  Belden is the King! 
 Looks great.  I think we should have a least 1 or 2 real time traders in Calgary. 
 Dave  As part of the info you should put together I thought it would be good to have the historic head count (for 1-2 years) by month and by level to try to get a sense of how many people we hire.  Might even need the number of hires and fires/resignations.  My thought is to try to figure out how difficult it would be to have a few committees to interview candidates before offers would be made. 
 Beth  Get me that new list as soon a possible.  John 
 Why is Milnthorp doing a U.S. school and I thought I was doing MIT 
 Aslo where all my traders that I assigned. 
 Was Greg onside with this stuff?  Give me a call. 
 This is Ok as per John Lavorato.  Please proceed with giving access to Chris Lambie. 
 Rick  I thought I would give you an update on what I am doing from a systems perspective.  I'm trying to get a systems plan together from Beth.  We simple do not have one.  From there I will coordinate with traders and back office to try to create a plan that everyone can by off on.  My new motto is "Systems will be fixed or people will die".  I will keep you informed.  John 
 Can I also get a copy of his resume. 
 I know you are screwing with me.  If you are not.  NO! 
 Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book until the Board meeting on October 11th. 
 My opinion is that you need a budget.  Lavo 
 Eric the contact names are listed at the bottom of this message.  Please call if you have questions. 
 Just say that I said that you did a great job.  Lavo 
 no 
 Mike  Can you live with the gas position reports.  John 
 Thanks Tim 
 No 
 hi nana its micael 
 No changes 
 No to Nelson and I'm ok with Scott but I would like to hear the figures. 
 Make sure the Benson's of the world who don't read their E-mails read this 
 Please give Mike Grigsby access to the basis position reports and the fixed price position reports for gas. 
 Becky,  Who instructed you to send out this form?  Kim    Enron North America Corp. 
 Let me sit on that because Scott's performance has not been as strong as Hunter and Fletch's. 
 Rick Buy  I'm expecting more details from Bill re. Perry Gas but I'm quite pissed about this.  I will deal with my traders when I have the details.  On the Retail side, I think this is the problem in trying to set up a separate Wholesale trading group in retail which is clearly happening.  This wouldn't of happened it they were trading through us. 
 Call me about this. 
 Peter  Deal with Joe Deffner directly.  I threatened his life if we don't pay them in time. 
 Rob  Can you make sure that the Toronto Office is not blowing their minds on costs. 
 Fine  Do it quickly. 
 Talk to Fletch about progress. 
 Get me info on this. 
 Good job on this. 
 Tim  There is absolutely a spot for John.  Maybe he should give me a call or even come an see me.  Why don't you talk to him and also I would love your thoughts on what the best role for him would be. 
 Can you send the contract to me.  I guess this one went out before me. 
 ok 
 Hoyt   Did you get me response on Martin. 
 I don't but I need a golf shirt.  Just kidding. 
 Tina,  In the future, if you have a message regarding John Lavorato's schedule, could you please send it to me instead of sending it to John.  Also, you did not provide the time, however, Kay Chapman indicated that the meeting will take place at 2:00 p.m.  John is not available at 2:00 p.m.  Thank you  Kim 
 We got it covered.  It was my fault. 
 You should include VP's and also you should make it a little clearer that I don't want to be on the schedule unless they have made a decision. 
 You missed logistics as a rotaion.  Also - Let's leave out where they graduate to.  This might be an issue with the AA program if we say that they are going to re-enter the program. 
 David  I quess this whole Nelson Ferries contract thing started before me.  However, I can't imagine that we can retract on it.  Please advise. 
 noooooo!!!  Gas Var. Gas Var. Futures accounts. 
 Can you type up thank you letters for me.   Dear xxxx  I would like to thank you for your generous donation to The Order of Good Cheer fundraising effort.  Our organization raised over $200,000 for the Enviros Program.  The money was much needed and will allow this wonderful program to continue to improve the lives of young Calgarians who have experienced hardship.  Yours Truly      John Lavorato. 
 Hoyt  The Zufferli stuff seems like it is getting a little confused in Canada. They might need to change his Contract to Canadian language but none of the terms should change including the end date except for his agreed upon Canadian $ pay. 
 So I guess Dave doesn't want to send this out. 
 I hope the data on these performance reviews is wrong.  I think we need 100% of reviews done.  Do you agree. 
 Yes Call me. 
 Colleen  I have no idea what my intent is.  I was trying to get more info so that I could evaulate things.  This may mean that I do nothing from a valuation perspective. 
 Get on my schedule. 
 Just wondering if I am going to take the same fate as Keith. 
 Kim  Have you called Nigel and told him about the interviews. 
 Set up a quick 15 minute meeting with Lon and Laura Scott with respect to the income statement.  On Tuesday. 
 Greg  Thanks for taking the time to interview Nigel.  If you like him please sell him hard on 
 I having second thoughts about raising South American limits.  If its not too late and if I have a vote give me a call. 
 Did you get me the performance review forms. 
 Beth  Can you get me an updated list of projects by October 9th. 
 Can we put something into our trading system where it would stop us from entering a counterparty in if we were full on credit.  This could help the communication problem that currently exists on companies like Perry Gas. Please advise. 
 I know that you'll give me hell for this but I'm out of town for my Sister-in-Law's wedding that weekend.  John. 
 I guess I'll let this one slip through.  Lavo 
 Charlene  Just a comment.  I would love to facilitate a couple decision meetings when I'm in town. 
 Liz,  Let me know when they send out the web address and I will make sure that John fills out the forms.  k 
 Angela.  Please move the reviews that I did to a directory that cannot be accessed by anyone but you. 
 I not sure I know who David Jallits is, 
 I hope you are talking to Phillip to get you system needs as part of this project. 
 I guess we will just go without a contract. 
 Bill  Scott Neal talked to someone who said that we could do this. Please call Scott. 
 I thought you hated getting involved.  Just kidding. Congrats.  Lavo 
 I'm sensing that you don't have much to do during the day.  I'm thinking about inviting Mark Waldren down at the same time.  Please advise. 
 This is what I mean aout miscommunication. 
 If you bring Dina some cheesey (spelling) 80's movie on DVD like "16 Candles" she would be in heaven.  We got a crazy cold spell last week but it should be gone when you come.  In case you guys want to go to a nice place to eat you might want to bring some casual pants but for the most part jeans should be fine. 
 I'm okay with this. 
 I do not run EES trading.  I would contact Marty Sunde with respect to big costs that EES wants to spend.  Marty runs EES North America.  I agree with you however that they should't go crazy on spending. 
 Louise.  I would love to come but I'm on holiday.  I do have some thoughts and would love to share them with you. 
 Saturday 10 my course.  Sunday 8 Tour 18.  Friday - Working you. 
 Every golf course in Houston has a golf tournament next friday.  What do you think about mini-putt. 
 James might have a chance in putt-putt. 
 I would be happy to do a phone interview with this guy.  But I won't pay for him to fly down. 
 Call me on this I am a little confused. 
 This crazy.  Sooner or later they will win.  We need to do something radical to make them realize they are insane.  I don't know what that is. 
 So I'm working some magic for Friday.  I think we are going to play a private men only club for free (except for caddie fees).  I figure the downside is that we get pummled and left for dead.  I'll let you know. 
 Set  me up on this. 
 Peter, I never said I would incur any costs. 
 Correction I never suggested this. 
 6437 Mercer St  In West University.  2 1/2 blocks from University Avevue between University Avenue and Holcombe.  713-661-6096. 
 Ted  Call me.  I told Charlene that I would do a super saturday and be a moderator for the decision process.  I forgot which one.  Helllllpppp. 
 I think he reports to Jeff Shankman.  I forwarded you e-mail to Jeff.  Let me know. 
 John  I'm out of town at a wedding that weekend but thanks for the invite. 
 Kevin Presto is on it. 
 Thanks I'll take care of it. 
 Book the  Cenral Trasport Deals and give me a report every month.  The new format looks fine.  John 
 Reminder, John will be flying to the  Portland Office. and Milly in in Toronto    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 Why are you congradulating me, I work for Delainey. 
 No problem bensen 
 I think everybody is scared of us. 
 no interest 
 I think we are making great progress on the systems side.  I would like to set a deadline of November 10th to have a plan on all North American projects (I'm ok if fundementals groups are excluded) that is signed off on by commercial, Sally's world, and Beth's world.  When I say signed off I mean that I want signitures on a piece of paper that everyone is onside with the plan for each project.  If you don't agree don't sign. If certain projects (ie. the gas plan) are not done yet then lay out a timeframe that the plan will be complete.  I want much more in the way of specifics about objectives and timeframe.  Thanks for everyone's hard work on this.  John 
 Bob  I talked to Kevin about these two guys and he feels they are critical to our business.  Broadband has taken 5 guys out of East Power and left us short.  Sorry 
 We should get 9 Million of Prudency tonight. 
 Sounds great. 
 What if they have there current postions but bigger getting them to their limits.  What would the agg var be. 
 Apparently not eh. 
 I've never heard of them. Sorry. 
 I'm sorry but I think its my only child syndrome. 
 Kevin  I know its tough but your groups need to be involved in recruiting as much as possible to keep uplifting the talent in your group. 
 As requested. 
 don't you love the ok method of communicating. 
 John Lavorato  Joined Enron in August 93 as an Associate.  Moved to Calgary and built Canadian business.  Made President of Canada in Early 99.  Moved back to Houston Early in 2000 to run North American Trading.  Named COO Enron North America in August.  Undergrad in Canada - University of Western Ontario.  MBA - Northwestern.  CFA.  If You need anything else give me a call  John 
 It's strarting. 
 Dave is going to call you. 
 John  If you get a chance give me a call I would like to talk about this product. 
 Working you 
 What's a dealerboard. 
 John Lavorato  Amex 371385129301004 Exp 06/03  Dave Delainey Rob Milnthorp Barry Tycholiz   Book us 3 rooms and make sure that we can have 2 beds in one of the rooms.  Thanks  John 
 ocean view 
 Sticking to Motocross eh. 
 I have a meeting tomorrow.  Can you tell me what total power demand in in the East and the West and what Enron's volumes are. 
 The two cheap guys -  Tycholiz and Lavorato  Change Milnthorp to Calger. 
 Yes  6437 Mercer St. Houston Tx 77005  P.S.  I hate golf. 
 I didn't think that you ever officially reported to me.  Let me know.  I didn't think I needed to do your review. 
 Can you get me his undergrad grades. 
 So your overrulling me again. 
 Sarah I trust you.  Just tell her what we need. 
 Enjoy 
 This person seems confused.  Please advise. 
 Chris,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Jacob Thomas  VP Frank Vickers  Director David Parquet  VP Michael McDonald VP Douglas Dyer  Director Jeffrey Shields  Director Terry Donovan  Manager Jeffton Slaughter Director Mark Fillinger  Director David Kates  Manager James Gilbert  Director David Fuller  Manager Ron Coker  Manager Jonalan Page  Director Laura Wente  Manager Elliot Mainzer  Manager Michael Etringer Manager James Buerkle  Manager Todd Perry  Manager Saji John  Manager Stephen Thome Manager Paul Choi  Manager 
 Tim,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Michael Swerzbin VP Sean Crandall  VP Mark Fischer  Manager Matthew Motley  Manager Timothy Heizenrader Director Thomas Alonso  Manager John Forney  Manager Holli Krebs  Director Christopher Foster Director Jeffrey Richter  Manager Gregory Wolfe  VP Diana Scholtes  Manager Robert Badeer  Manager Kimberly Ward  Manager John Malowney  Manager Stewart Rosman Director David Ellis  Manager 
 Rob,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681  Derek Davies  Director Barry Tycholiz  Director Paul Devries  Director Jeff Borg  Director Eric Le Dain  Director Cyntia Di Stefano Manager Kyle Kitagawa  VP Duncan Croasdale Manager William Greenizan Manager Dean Drodziak  Manager Howard Sangwine Manager Garrett Tripp  Manager Jan Wilson  Manager 
 Max,  John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.  The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you.  They are Steven Irvin, Manager and Matthew Duffy, Manager.  Could you please respond to this email and confirm this information.  Your prompt response would be appreciated.  Thank you,  Kim x30681 
 Just keep pushing forward.  We'll figure this out as we go.  Lavo 
 I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.  Give me a call when you get a chance. 
 let's talk in person 
 Do you think Janet wants to apply. 
 Janet  Call me. 
 Kyle is working on the PPA.  However, Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty (in otherwords that it is truly non recourse) we are not interested.  Let me know if we are missing something. 
 If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator" 
 Congrats  John 
 Give me a call.  These look fine I just have a few questions. 
 I'll spend 30 minutes myself. 
 Set up an interview with me. 
 Andy,  I show he is to attend.  Please let me know if there is anyone further that you would like to attend.  k 
 Jeff  My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive viewer.  Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer. 
 Use Paul Devries in the Toronto office. 
 I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader for a while.  I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader in Canada.  Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done.  John 
 Football bets 200 each  Minn -9.5 Buff +2.5 Phil -7 Indi -4.5 Cinnci +7 Det +6 clev +16 Den +9.5 Dall +7.5 Jack +3.5 
 Sounds good. 
 250 per  New England +6 Over 37 1/2 NE/DET Minn -7 1/2 Buff +3 1/2 Miami +5 1/2 Phil +6 1/2 Clev +16 Chic +7 Oak +11 Jack +3 1/2 Den -3 KC -2 Giants/Ariz over 38  Current 3730 
 I think I sold it.  Sorry 
 Kevin  Give me a call on this one. 
 Mike  Thanks for the info. 
 Billy What has this recent rally done to our exposures.  CNR must be huge.  Lavo 
 Action Items.  It looks like my calender is not Mountain time again. Please fix.  Set up meeting on Monday.  15 Minutes - Grant Oh  30 Minutes - Andre  30 Minutes - Bill 
 Stinson  The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up. Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day.  So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day. Please change that if you can.  John 
 That's cheap 
 Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years.  Canada used to do this for me. 
 l.a. but I'll kill it.  1 went 6-4 with two pushes.  up 400 makes a balance of 4130. 
 Mike  The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the spreadsheet data.  The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your presentation shows almost that many every month.  Same comment for the gas side. 
 Please reset my password.  My SAP P# is P00509247. 
 15500 
 A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard to the new Trading Track program.  The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  If you have a conflict, please contact Kim Hillis at x30681. 
 Beth  Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and leave lots of time for everyone to grill you (I mean ask questions). 
 Derek Davies 
 Also Tuesday, Kyle and Eric 1/2 hour. 
 Yes dear 
 Isn't this our world.  John 
 I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an upscale place that caters to young children. 
 mid to late feb and 7 days 
 Ken  I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats.  My family and I had a wonderful time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Close  Monthly Basis Swap Daily Basis Swap Daily for Monthly Index Swap Fixed Price Physical Physical Index Fixed Price Swap 
 no attachment 
 Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend.  I posted it at 15500. 
 Greg  Have a great time with the $100 Million Club  Lavo and Dave 
 Have we rented our office space yet. 
 Fred  Can you please take care of this.  John 
 Seems like a fair trade  Lavo. 
 Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,  John 
 Dave give me a call. Some of the data looks odd.  Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included.  John 
 Rich  Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't perform very well.  I think we are going to have to pass on him.  Thanks for the cooperation. 
 No  I think Forster has me covered.  Lavo 
 My vote is to kill it. 
 Chris  Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA, 
 Julie  I'm looking into this. 
 Mark  Still waiting for my car keys.  In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household.  Lavo 
 Milly it looks like your head of parking and you may need to lease our office space too. 
 Bruce  I had quite a crazy week.  Give me a call the next time you are in town or if you are still in town.  I would love to get together.  John 
 Kevin  Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something. 
 Dave  I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report.  Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the futures trades.  Thanks 
 Kim  Did you ever get hold of my accountant? 
 http://ersys.corp.enron.com/dpr/index.asp  http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp 
 Giants +6 Carolina +7 1/2 Cinci -4 Denver +1 1/2 Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2 Seattle Pickm Phil +3 SF -2 1/2 Indi-jets over 44 Jack -14 1/2  All 250  I have the balance at work. 
 green bay and chic under 39 
 Shiela,  Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreciate it.  Also, could you please add me to your distribution list?  Thank you for all your efforts.  Kim Hillis x30681 
 current 6300  over 39 1/2 400 
 that was for chiefs and newengland.  just to be clear. 
 Angela  Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week. 
 Rob, that's good information, keep digging. 
 ssss 
 Tammy  Come and see me first thing.  The gas section is way long and complicated. 
 I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas.  Prices have exploded and I'm working on it. 
 I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year end in conjunction with the PRC process. 
 Mario 
 minn +3 1/2 jack -16 1/2 tenn-cinnci under35 gb-det under 39 1/2 tb +2 1/2 new england +2 1/2 pitt +3 1/2 phil-clev under 33 1/2 seattle +10 jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease  as discussed. 
 Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.  Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set  up a conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon.  Also, did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered. 
 Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week. Also, what happen to Manu. 
 Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I want to distribute them to me head traders. 
 Dan  I'm leaving for a couple of weeks.  I'll get you my computer when I come back.  John 
 vp ranking - call if I missed anyone.  Allen - Superior Arnold - Strong Presto - Excellent Wolfe - Strong Lagrasta - Strong Baughman  - Strong Shively - Superior Sturm - Superior Neal - Excellent Martin- Excellent Schweiger - Excellent Belden - Superior Swerzman- Superior 
 Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him. I need this for tomorrow. 
 I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company  by 8:00 AM tommorrow morning. 
 Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work,  John  Tuesday may work -  check with Kim Hilis. 
 NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th.  Please send me an  email when we receive it.  Thanks  John 
 Dave  I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal.  He has Per on the road working on it.  We probable should tell him that we don't have anymore unless New Albany is enough. 
 Book this deal very conservatively.  ie.  set the curve so you pay credit reserve but show no income.  We will discuss in 2001.  John 
 That would be outsanding. 
 Charlene  My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well with the current strategic direction of Enron (Although I'm sure they are very high quality individuals).  If its not too late, I wonder if we should slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire. I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on International business.  Regards  John 
 Wes  Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA (American Gas Association).  The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us.  But I wonder if some of our other piplelines are members. 
 Bill.  I've taken a look at your resume and pulled your internal reviews.  We have decided to go another route.  Sorry.  I'll be in Houston for the next three weeks if you want to talk to me.  John. 
 Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the National Bank in Monteal. 
 Anthony  Thanks for the email, however, that was the last thing that I received.  I think some credit intermediation would be helpful. 
 Print all these resumes for me. 
 Kim  Please print all these resumes for me. 
 Can't seem to find this.  John 
 Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader. 
 sounds good tim 
 We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions. We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length. 
 I have no interest in this person.  John 
 The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis. 
 I don't know him that well, however, I don't think he is a superstar.  Rob Milnthorp in Calgary might have a better read. 
 Kim  Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me. 
 I have no interest in these two employees. 
 Tim  If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this topic.  John 
 I take it back, I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting this done with them.  This is a great first step in our ultimate goal. 
 For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.  Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly.  Thanks  John' 
 Through the course of the year 22 people have been identified by east power as the key to their real time group.  No request will be granted on an emergency basis but will go through the usual process of getting facts and checking with me.  Another thing is that I don't know why we are not doing these things in conjunction with PRC so late in the year. 
 I thought I was very clear that we are not publishing anything internally about California gas prices. 
 The pain will stop soon. 
 I wanted to thank you guys for all your support over the last painful week. Although I am definately not getting brave, I would like to request an extra 15 Million for gas for the next week.  The price levels are making it hard to eliminate risk.  I can give you my assurance that any increase in VAR day to day will come from price movement, not increase in position.  Let me know  John 
 Thanks 
 Your the King. 
 Despite my veto eBiz decided to publish something on California energy prices.  I think Palmer overrulled me.  He said that the article was harmless but I still think it is stupid for us to be writing articles about this.  John 
 You goated me into it,  Here goes  400/per  Minn -8 New Orleans -10 Denver -3 Denver-KC under 48 Jack -10 Clev +16 Chic +6 1/2 Indi-Mia under 42 Balt -15   John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me. I'm very serious about covering you when your out in January.  I would like to get a sense of what its like dealing with your EOL madness.  Let me know.  Lavo 
 Jeff  Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million. 
 Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts. 
 Kevin  Can you get our new reports- ie. off peak prices and positions and heat rates put on the executive viewer.  Thanks  Lavo 
 Mark  Can you tell me if this is a legal document.  This is personal so only if you have 2 free minutes.  Thanks John 
 giants -7 giants - dallas minus 37  both 400 
 Kim  Can you print these in color. 
 Can we take one of your wonderchildren in fundementals and let them spend 1-2 hours a day on VAR.  If yes, talk to Frank. 
 I'm a bachelor next week and would love to go to dinner.  Anywhere you want. John 
 No interest 
 Does EES still get to buy PC's for their employees' spouses.  I guess we are paying for that too. 
 Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter.  Glad we could help. 
 Stinson  Thanks  P.S.  At the end of the term of each simulation do we assume that we close the position on that date and take a hit or do we leave the simulation with an open positon. 
 Kim  Can you print me two copies in color.  John 
 Lets grap 5 minutes on this  John 
 These assumptions are correct for now. 
 Per  Give me a call in January on this.  John  P.S.  Happy Holidays. 
 FYI 
 Try to grab me today on this stuff.  John 
 Dave  Should we invite Presto and Beldon to this meeting.  I think so. 
 Sally  We need to talk about the 26th. 
 Rick  Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th. 
 Please Print. 
 Patience is a virtue.  East Power has hire several traders in a rush.  There down in aggregate 15 Million.  I have a very qualified individual coming in to interview in early January. I will put you on the schedule.  Merry Christmas  John 
 john   I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.  bills +3 250 denver -7 250 jack +3 1/2 250 
 rams -3.5 wash -7 raiders -9 1/2 balt -5 bears lions over 37 eagles bengals under 35 1/2 pats +4 vikings +5.5 
 those were all 250 
 hey guys  I know my limit goes done on Wednesday night.  I saw some memo a while ago that said it goes to 70 until Jan 2 and then 60.  Is this correct or does is go to 60 immediately.  John 
 Wednesday at Rainbow lodge.  Can you book it and let me know. 
 thanks h 
 I would like to do a phone interview and then I will bring him in if I like him.  Send me a resume and then I'll set him up. 
 i talked to him last week and we are going to schedule something for next week. 
 its sounds like cats are no longer sleeping with dogs and the world is starting to make sense again. 
 How's that for VAR management.  Lavo 
 I'm working on it. 
 john arnold if fixing 
 Jane  I finished my reseme and most of the form you gave me.  The only thing I'm currently missing is the copy of the passports for my wife and child. Give me a call on Monday. 
 tease colts +4 under 48 250  tease colts +4 over 36 250  tease miami +8 under 48 250  tease miami +8 over 36 250   st louis minus 6 1/2 250 
 Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday. I was robbed  Denver +3 350 Phili +3 350 
 Fred  First of all I'm going to kill you.  Belfor asked me to advise him on his portfolio.  I'll do it once.  I have a call with him on Tuesday at 2:00.  Can you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us.  Regards  John  P.S.  I'll never call one of your customers again. 
 current including tb -500 equals 4170 
 When you sober up give me a call. 
 Can send me Tim's home adress and wife's name. 
 Comp 
 Janet  Communication is always a problem around here.  I have no problem with you having access to all pricing reports and origination schedules. 
 Do we need to talk about VP and MD nominations. 
 Probably a fraud get the id #'s!  k 
 Tim  I assume you know that you have to make a presentation at the offsite.  Can you send me a copy by Monday.  If not let me know.  Thanks John 
 Charlene,  Thank you for the invitiation, however, I wanted to let you know that John is currently scheduled to be out of the country on January 11.  I have added it to his schedule incase his plans change.  Kim 
 yes  I have a time on Sunday and the rates are down to 95 at the Houstonian.  Let me know. 
 Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096 
 Kori  I figured you were bored so I did a Cole trade. 
 Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of the 2001 DPR. 
 Greg  Don't forget to ask some option questions. 
 current 4570  minn -8 1/2 oakland -9 tease minn-2 1/2 over 43 1/2  all 200 
 current 5170  tenn -6 200 ny -4 200 
 i didn't see 80 million of p/l on Friday. Did we book the deal? 
 I will not accept Amerex having the ability to execute over the phone.  Take this out of the deal or kill the deal.  John 
 Jim  This information on Ontario nukes is similar to our information. The only difference is that our regulatory lawyer feels that only one of the four Pickering units (500 mw each) would come back in 2001 (although optimistic) followed by one each year after that.  Your report says that all Pickering units would come back in 2001.  Even in your report, however, they seem doubtful that this is realistic.  The Bruce Units (3000 mw) appear to be dead for a long time if not for good.  Regards,  John  P.S.  I'll call you soon on are project, currently on hold until 2001 if we decide to build in Ontario. 
 Kevin  I assume you know that you need a presentation for next week's offsite.  Can I see a copy ahead of time.  Thanks  John Lavorato 
 Rob  Give me a call sometime about this trade. 
 I have no interest.  Thanks 
 I want all the extra VAR you can give me for the next few weeks.  Please let me know if and how much that is.  Regards  John 
 I'm a strong yes on these issues. 
 So I didn't violate yesterday. 
 Bob keeps trying to stack and roll his date for leaving.  Don't let him.  John 
 Mike  I'm coming down this week.  We'll talk about it then.  John 
 At some point when you less busy, I would like you to look into one of the Compressor service deals. 
 John said yes - call me if you have questions.  k 
 Please move the names_jlavora.nsf and jorunal_jlavora.nsf files to the appropriate locations on his mail server (nahou-lnmai16).  You can either hit me on the Nextel (56517)  or page me (713-327-9348) when this is ready, so I can complete his iPAQ installation.  Thanks -Mike Hernandez 
 Dave  I'm thinking of hiring Kim Hillis.  I would like your opinion.  Lavo  713-853-7991 
 yes  I will follow up.  Lavo 
 Quick someone call Owen. 
 I'm getting closer.  Can you resend me the initial memo. 
 I just read this email now.  It might be too late. 
 current 5110 big one coming on the superbowl. 
 check with Oxley 
 Good Job  Does EES have any exposure.    William S Bradford@ECT 01/17/2001 08:11 AM 
 Add Wes to these notes.  Thanks John 
 Kelly  Unfortunately Enron moved me to Houston.  I will not be able to participate in Enviros this year.  Regards  John Lavorato 
 Emmisions Trading will go from Kevin Presto  (Greg Wolfe) to George McClellan under the following  conditions.  1 -  Volumes will not fall.  In fact they will increase.  2 - Wolfe will retain 1 Million of the 3 Million VAR for six months and then East Power will have no Emmisions Positions,  3 -  Janel Guerrero (middle marketer) will follow the book to coal.  4 - East Power and Coal will get together and (hopefully) agree on a transfer pricing mechanism for existing positions if there are any that Greg is not keeping.  Give me a call if there are any issues. 
 I've got my financing covered.  Cash and Enron.  However I did enjoy the e-mail.  Regards  Lavo 
 If we post Canada Power, post Canada Gas. 
 It's fine.  We don't need to meet. 
 Contact Rob Milnthorp and tell him that I strongly recommend that he give a donation.  Also, Rob might be a great addition to your team.  John 
 This is what we executed yesterday, 
 That's why we love you. 
 Vlady  Don't change correlations until we discuss.  Lavo 
 Is there anything in my current role that I won't have to champion. 
 Billy  We need to hedge funds. 
 Orlando  On Ed Graham.  I pushed the issue with Cliff and Kevin Hannon.  Kevin, Cliff and Jeff Donanue (current head of M&A for Broadband) met on the issue after I talked to them.  They have decided to give him 6 months to perform or he will be let go.  His bonus for 2000 will be 0.  I know you wanted a different outcome but this is the best I could do.  John 
 Mike,  Tonight John and I are going to be migrated to Outlook.  Please note that John has a laptop computer that is at his home.  I have spoken with Randy about this and he is to be following up with you.  I would like for you to accompany Greg out to the Lavorato home to complete the migration on to his computer.  Also, please note that I gave my and John's passwords to a lady that stopped by my desk today (she is with the migration group).  Could you please confirm for me tomorrow that they have been shreaded.  Thanks  k 
 Were not hiring him 
 The reason I called you today is to tell you that I noticed your EOL performance.  Not bad for a cunuck. 
 Shank  It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation.  Can you talk to him,  Thanks Lavo  P.S.  Great job of minimizing the p/l hit late last week. 
 Howard  Can you remove me from this distribution list - my life is a little complicated. 
 1.  I didn't know much about ag products but Ted Murphy is trying to include me in the loop.  2. Chris Calger says that he has aggregated his CPI positions for the west. Can check if Dave Duran has done this for the east and try to aggregate the position.  If you need help let me know.  John 
 Tim  Can you get someone (perhaps a marketer) to give me a one pager on the WAPA deal. 
 Mark  Send me an e-mail decribing how the quote process went.  If you need my help let me know. 
 Angela.  How is Thursday the 16th of May.  Call me John. 713-853-7991 
 Yes Thursday may 18th. 
 Chris,  I'll figure this out,  Please stop sending me this email. 
 I just sent an email to Chris telling him to stop sending me this email.  I guess he needs to send it. 
 GOOD 
 I think the list is OK.  Can you fedex me one of the deal entry books. 
 Ignore Shankman - I think that was a bit of joke. 
 THIS IS NO JOKE PLEASE SENDTHIS TO ALL OF CALGARY.  THANKS ANGELA   TODAY IS NATIONAL FUN DAY AT WORK (so get to work!)  THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK!   JOHN LAVORATO 
 aPPROVED 
 Jon  Ignore expenses.  We just split the whole office in half to split the trading and marketing.  You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses. So please ignore them. 
 Approved 
 I assume your working on this.  You owe me on the web page.  1.  Pricing - Lon's sheet.  2. Power Sheets  3. Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet. 
 Milly .  If you're going to sell the warrants yourself. (It sounds like you should if your getting $2 in time value) let me know and I'll call off the equity group. 
 Call me on Beau.  A couple thoughts.  If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees.  Also, remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the credit group. 
 The genco was rolled into the East Trading.  Can we get rid of the Genco on the DPR. 
 Tim  Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L. 
 Mark  Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we deal at the end of last year.  A short summary to supplement the contract would be great.  Thanks  John 
 APPROVED 
 approved 
 Kevin  I agree.  If we ultimately trade out of Toronto, the P/L responsibility will probably role into you.  It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp (Associate) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff.  If he is going, you should meet with him before he goes. 
 Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder. 
 test 
 Hector,  Thank you for the installation, however, do you know who I should contact in regards to the monitors?  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website.  I do not want to get an e-mail everyday.  Thanks 
 Susan,  I have $50 for you from John.  Would you like for me to have it delivered to you or would you like to come by and pick it up?  If you would like it delivered, please let me know what your new EB location is.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681     Susan Skarness @ ECT 05/16/2000 08:06 AM 
