lay@enron.com  Dear Stuart:  I appreciate the e-mail concerning the Board of Trustees for The Institute for Advanced Study in Musical Theatre.  You do indeed have a very impressive board.  I am still thinking about the possibility of serving on your board.  But at the earliest, it would be late this year before I could entertain any involvement.  With your indulgence, I will keep you advised.  Warm regards,  Ken 
 Thanks Marilou, but Ken Lay cannot attend.  We are having the Enron Board meeting that day and Mr. Lay has a meeting scheduled all afternoon.  Rosalee 
 Beau, Ken would like to do this if we can arrange it.  He has a video to receive the United Way Kneebone Award from Gerald Smith at 2:30 on Monday, May 7.  I'm thinking that maybe we could do this video at 2:00 p.m.  That is a lot to do two videos back to back, I guess, but there is very limited time available and I think the United Way one will be pretty easy.  Will 30 minutes be sufficient?  Rosie 
 The proposal is totally satisfactory to Ken Lay.  Rosalee 
 Sorry, Simone.  I don't believe we received it. 
 Hi Dr. Pershing -  Will you please verify the dates again with me?  Is the 3:00 p.m. panel on Monday or Tuesday?  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Ken Lay said to let you know he does sign off on this draft.  Rosalee 
 Mr. Lay will not be available to meet with Mr. Thompson.  Rosalee 
 Perfect!! 
 Barbara, I think I let you know that Ken will not be able to participate.  Rosie 
 Good morning, Liz -  I left a message at your home this morning that your Dad would like to speak with you when you have a chance to call.  Rosie  p.s. - P. L. and I did early voting the first Saturday available!!  It was such a good feeling as Tuesdays are tough with trying to get to the office and leave in time to vote!! 
 Terrie, nevermind.  He will be in town.  Let me check with him, so the timing may not work.  Thanks. 
 Oh, Terrie, Ken won't be in town.  Otherwise, I'm sure he'd love to. 
 Hi Barbara -  Ken said that he will be on the plane, so unable to participate in the call.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Thank you, but no interest at this time. 
 Good morning, Shea -  Ken Lay will be able to do this Thursday afternoon.  Rosie 
 Ken Lay wrote:  Mr. Bryce:  I have no suggestions at this time.  Ken Lay 
 Mr. Kaplan -  Mr. Lay would like to title his speech "Energy and Climate Realism in a Political World"  . We look forward to receiving additional information.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Hi Pierre -  My e-mail address is rosalee.fleming@enron.com.  The last name has a g on it. 
 Hi Shea -  Ken Lay will not be able to attend this meeting.  That is the Enron Board day and Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Will you please do it, Colin?  Ken is in Japan.  Rosie 
 Dear Jason -  I'm sure that Mr. Lay would love to do this, but his travel schedule is suc= h=20 now that it is very difficult.  Would you be interested in meeting with=20 someone from Enron Energy Services?  Rosalee 
 Eric, sorry for the delay.  It's a busy morning. 
 Hi Mr. Reed -  I left a message on Thursday evening for Rosemarie, but was out Friday, so was too busy to follow up today, but having said all that, Ken Lay wanted me to let you know that he would like to have the TFA board meeting at the Enron building.  Please let me know if that will be possible.  Rosalee 
 Thanks, Lisa.  I appreciate it.  John was asking me to call you and Aleck.  Rosalee 
 Hi Mr. Kapavik -  Please attach info. 
 Sorry, Ken Lay will be leaving town directly after giving a speech at 10:00 a.m.  Rosie 
 Hi Anne -  Why don't you send an e-mail to Jeff's assistant, Sherri Sera.  Her e-mail address is:  sherri.sera@enron.com.  My e-mail address is rosalee.fleming@enron.com.  Thanks!!  Rosie 
 Anne, Ken will be out of town.  Rosie 
 Hi Colin -  Ken Lay asked me to advise you that this is fine with him.  Rosie 
 Hi Carolyn -  Please let Mr. Vaughan know that Mr. Lay will be on vacation on April 19.  Re the other 2 meetings, he has a conflict also - an outside board.  I will show him Mr. Vaughan's letter.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Hi Jeanine -  I have checked with Jeff Skilling's office and he is not available on June 26.  May we go back to the drawing board?  We can offer some time in the afternoon of August 7, 8 or 9 - possibly 2:00 p.m. on one of those days. Those dates are currently good for Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling and Dave Delainey. Please advise at your earliest convenience.  Rosalee 
 Kenneth Lay will not be able to attend. 
 Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report. 
 Mr. Sikes, please refresh my memory what the TF report is.  Rosalee 
 Ken Lay will attend. 
 Mr. Stelzer, Steve Kean is out of town until Wednesday, but in regard to your question about Rupert, Ken said that our people are already talking to Fox. He said he'll get back with you if we need a meeting with Rupert.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Unfortunately, Ken Lay will not be able to attend.  Rosie 
 Hi Philippe -  Ken asked me to request that you call the above referenced gentleman.  He was referred by a friend of Ken's.  He wants to see if his oil on-line business is a fit for us.  Ken said he has no idea whether it will work or not, but please give him a courtesy call.  Steve Hellman at 212-628-7191 or cell phone 917-623-9730.  Thanks.  Rosie 
 Hi Shea -  Ken Lay will not be able to join this as he is on a cruise vacation.  Rosie 
 Thanks, Barbara! 
 Hi Jonathan -  E-mail is great.  I have copied Tori Wells on this also, as she works diligently on Dr. Lay's itineraries and Rob Bradley, who works on Dr. Lay's speeches.  We have virtually no information about the OECD Forum or the IEA Ministerial session except dates - May 15-16.  We have made reservations for Dr. & Mrs. Lay at the Bristol Hotel.  We look forward to hearing from you.  Rosalee 
 Hi Barbara -  does Ken Lay need to be on these e-mails?  Rosie 
 Good morning, Michelle -  Ken Lay said that he would be happy to be the opening keynote speaker at the kick off luncheon on Wednesday, April 25, 2001.  Sorry for the delay, but at least we are sure he wants to do it.  Rosalee 
 Dear Nicolas:  I am pleased that you found the Cancun meeting to be a good experience.  My wife and I also thought if was a very enjoyable couple of days.  With reference to contacting the appropriate people representing Enron in Mexico, you should contact either Jaime Alatorre or Max Yzaguirre.  Either one of these individuals could entertain a discussion of how we might be able to work together.  Best regards,  Ken  Jaime Alatorre Av. V. Quiroga 2121-PH/505 Corporativo Piramide, Santa Fe 01210 Mexico, D.F. 525-257-4401  Max Yzaguirre Edifico Alestra Av. Lazaro Cardenas 2321, Ste. 601 Col. Residencial San Agustin Garza Garcia, N.L.  66260  Mexico 528-12-2400/05 
 Hi Mr. Stelzer l-  I don't believe Ken has had an opportunity to review the suggestions in your outline.  He has a huge stack of mail he hasn't gotten to yet.  Hopefully, by tomorrow, he will have seen it.  Thanks.  Rosalee 
 Thanks, Anabella, as I couldn't figure out why Mr. Lay received it.  Rosalee 
 Hi Tom - this would be good as Ken Lay will not be able to attend next week. He will be out of the country.  Rosalee 
 I am disappointed that Joe Grundfest will not be able to join us at our next Advisory Council meeting.  However Tom Campbell sounds like an excellent alternative.  Would you please contact him and see if he might be willing to join us for the next meeting and talk about the subjects you suggested. Incidentally, we're happy to pay an honorarium to any of our guest speakers.  I think I should pass at this time on inviting Spence Abraham to join us for dinner.  First, I believe it would be virtually impossible for him to do that at this point in time.  But second, many people are already blaming me for being the real energy policy maker in the new Administration and I would just as soon not feed that speculation.  Look forward to seeing you.  Warm regards,  Ken 
 Ken Lay will not be able to attend.  Rosalee 
 You may have meant to say Enron, but please note you reference that you'd like a career within Dynegy.  Rosalee for Ken Lay 
 Thanks, Michelle.  This will help, I think.  Rosalee 
 Per Barb's request, here is her resume.  Rosie 
 Kenneth L. Lay Chairman of the Board ENRON 
 Hi - it worked.  It's kenneth.lay@enron.com. 
 Ken Lay with Enron will not attend the meetings. 
 Ken Lay will attend. 
 Mr. Lay will not be attending. 
 Hi Maria -  To my knowledge, Mr. Lay has not received his locker assignment.  Thanks.  Rosalee Fleming for Ken Lay. 
 Please delete Kenneth.Lay@enron.com from this communication. 
 Jim: It was a pleasure speaking with you on Wednesday.  Based on our conversatio= n,=20 this email includes the following:  An Enron contact to discuss developing small-scale generation on Tribal lan= ds.  Our views on the impediments to distributed generation and suggestions on h= ow=20 to remove those impediments.  A description of the credit issues that continue to impede DWR=01,s ability= to=20 sign contracts with power suppliers, and options to resolve them. Two=20 possible options for addressing the credit issue are 1) a California PUC=20 order clarifying that DWR will recover its power purchase costs through=20 rates, and 2) an amendment to AB1X designed to accomplish the same goal.  I= =20 have attached talking points regarding the California PUC order and propose= d=20 amendments to AB1X.  We believe that an amendment to AB1X is the preferable= =20 option.  Our assessment of the supply/demand picture in California.  Our suggestions for a legislative package designed to solve both the near-= =20 and long-term electricity crisis in California.  We will deliver to your=20 office today detailed legislative language.  In those materials we will als= o=20 identify existing bills that we believe can easily accommodate our proposed= =20 language.  I hope that the information is useful.  Please do not hesitate to contact m= e=20 if you would like to discuss these materials further, or if there is anythi= ng=20 else that I can do to assist you.  Regards, Ken Lay    Contact Information to Discuss Interest Expressed by Native American Tribes= =20 in Installing Small-scale Generation on Tribal Lands  David Parquet, Vice-President Enron No