get him a ticket.  let him come even if nobody back out anyway.  it doesn't matter squeezing 1 more person into the room. 
 i can probably meet up with you guys around 7:30ish.  will you guys still be there at that time?  call me on my cell at (713)853-7176 if you guys go somewhere else. 
 i will drive if it doesn't rain.  my windshield wipers don't work. 
 hoskins car is too small 
 the girl i was going to talk to in this group is out today.  i will talk to her.  she is always asking me if i know any analyst who need work.  i am gonna be a rock star sat night. 
 this isn't porn is it 
 i will try to meet you there 
 did you open an account on world sports exchange?  if you open one use me as the referral and i will split the $50 with you and we can make a bet.  i might go meet jill and them for drinks around 730 if you want to go. 
 call the cell 
 queen 
 thanks for sending me another chain letter.  i am very superstitious. 
 how was last night?  sorry i didn't make it.  i was planning on going but i got home late.  i did check out woody's.  it was ok.  when do you leave for okla? 
 where did you guys go after cadillac? 
 have you signed up with world sports exchange?  refer me.  my user name is mlenhart.  we can split the $50 that they will put into my account and place a parlay bet. 
 sammy marcos and wayne gonz want to come 
 you have too much time on your hands. 
 when you do it give me a call on my cell and i will call in a bet. 
 i think we might go to someones place and then go out afterwards 
 i know someone else who wants to play coed softball if there are space available for guys. 
 try to find out where club monkey is going sat and we will front run them to the bar. 
 here it is 
 i have a good idea for that business.  there are all these gov't forclosure properties that we should buy up cheap.  we can discuss it more next time we get drunk. 
 i heard langley is out for the year.  who will fill that gap? 
 no subject = ebonics?  that makes no sense. 
 i heard it is 8.5.  i will try to talk to someone today. 
 it was ok.  i went to austin fri night and watched the ut game on sat.  how was that wedding?  was it worth going up to neckville, oklahoma? are you hitting the town this week?  let me know if you want to go get a drink. 
 do you have your resume to email me again.  i can't remember where i saved it. 
 i can get you on that team if you can get that girl to play.  i guess they need girls on the team 
 i am worried about them dropping like flies.  i thought last year we were injury prone but this year is worse.  i am still skeptical about the defense.  next week will tell a lot. 
 i want to do it.  it will be fun to be your boss. 
 not you please.  she can wear one.  i think it is on tues. 
 rules of attraction less than zero glamorama  read in that order. 
 i heard from the girl you beat up.  she told me you said "what are you looking at bitch?"  and then you told her "this is central fool, you'd betta recognize!".  sounded like you really took it to her.  i am going to the tenn game.  i am probably going to woodrows for the next game. 
 they told me to send in the resume to h.r. 
 i tried but they have to go through it anyway.  i told them to inquire about your resume. 
 it was just those three.  you have to read them in that order. 
 we should go to n.o. over the first weekend in december and catch the broncos at the saints 
 we can do that or go when we planned and hit the lsu game 
 mike-  here are some of the ops sheets.  let me know if you need some of the others.  the cali power sheet is down so i cannot send it. 
 what did the sluts look like 
 i lost your number in austin.  i tried to give you a call last night and clear up our argument  from saturday.  that got way out of hand and i apologize for that.  there is no reason for me to be such a hot head about that.  give me a call when you get a chance and we can clear up that mess. your parents got your stuff yesterday.  let me know what you want to do with that tv.  talk to you later.  matt 
 see about scheduling that weekend then.  it is the weekend of dec. 3rd. 
 i won 3 of 4 sunday afternoon, lost 50 sunday night and lost 80 last night. struggled at the end.  going out thurs? 
 is that nov. 30?  i probably cannot get there until fri.  i can get tickets 
 that is really classy 
 i am making money taking the other side of the boys.  they suck this year. worst part is that they don't have 1st round picks next year.  call chris gaskill.  he should be able to send you a file of those gas dailies.  later. 
 i cannot go. 
 Cooper-  Here is the list of the hour ahead scheduled flows:  Generation: Load:  Imp/Exp: Humb  Humb  COI_BG NP15  NP15  El Dorado SF  SF  Mead SP15  SP15  PV ZP26  ZP26  Path 15   If we can get the data starting 9/1/2000 that would be great.  Thanks again for your help.  I hope this isn't too much trouble.  Matt 
 i sent your stuff into to someone else in h.r.  i haven't heard anything yet.  you might hear something before i do.  if i hear anything i will let you know.  woody's tomorrow? 
 i've got a great haircut 
 saban should tell him don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. 
 i am having the weekend kickoff tonight at woody's.  sat i think i am going to hit woodrows  to catch the lsu game.  what are you doing?  did you go to dave matthews? 
 do you want to go up to dallas the weekend of oct 7th and catch the ou-tex game.  i heard it is wild up there around that time.  all ou and tx chicks. we can stay at emmitts or something. 
 sorry about last night.  dinner took a while at el tiempo.  i was dead after eating. 
 are you going out tonight?  we are going to woodrow's for the game tomorrow. 
 yeah call me tonight.  i might try to go get a drink and just hang out tonight.  game is at 6.30.; 
 how about the broncos?  they looked good.  defense is still suspect. 
 you missed a hell of a saturday night.  all these hot chi-o's were a woodrows watching the lsu game.  they were all in from out of town and we met up with them later to go out.  there were about 12 of them and i would say 7 were hotties. 
 what about football 
 yeah.  didn't you get it already? 
 what is up with cu?  they suck.  i'm not going to run my mouth about the broncos b/c i don't want to jinx them.  defense will get better as they play more. 
 call me back.  i accidently hit a button on the phone to disconnect. 
 i am in.  do you need anyone else to play b/c chad wants to play if we have room.  we could always use another pass rusher. 
 are the softball games tues nights?  when do they start? where are they?  i need to tell that chick. 
 you can play football.  we play tomorrow night at 7pm. 
 yeah.  both of you can go.  just show up. 
 looks like we are going to have to find a couple of loser fijis who can't find dates for the tennessee game and lift their tickets.  i am so fired up for that game.  tim just told me it is the 6:30 game on espn. 
 Cooper-  The sheet that you sent me earlier doesn't refresh anymore.  It is  saying that a rollback transaction is missing.  Let me know if I need to do anything to fix it.  Thanks for your help.  Matt 
 what happened to griese? 
 here is the info.  let that chick know. 
 just let me know 
 no.  tell her it is off of buffalo spwy. 
 so you are going to just stay in and tame the shrue all night 
 sounds like you would be calculating a book each day.  it might be a good entry into trading, but i would check with them on how they have their program set up to get people into trading positions.  let me check with h.r. today.  they move slow.  i would ask some questions on that posting to find out where it would put you eventually.  trading is the way to go.  more money in trading and your opportunities would open up throughout the industry. 
 i think she is in.  i would stay away from scheduling.  you definately don't want to do that.  we might go out tonight to sierra.  i will let you know. 
 Pat-  I am bidding $5 for nedney (kicker-denver) 
 where you been bra? 
 i just spoke to someone who said they would make sure you get in for an interview.  i will know more in a couple of days. 
 i still owe you $30 right? 
 it is good.  it isn't his best.  wait until you get to glamorama.  so you have us set up for the 30th. 
 we got one more girl to play 
 is this on mon or tues 
 she is the one who is going to play 
 off of i-10 
 give me a call at work when you get a chance 
 Sara-  I am sending the resume of a friend of mine who I think is a good candidate for the associate program.  Please get back to me and let me know what else I need to do to get him in for an interview.  Thank you for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 what does mmmcchhhaaa mean?  is that the scary sound from friday the 13th? things have been good.  just been working a lot and living it up a little. that is great that you started teaching 4th grade.  i watched florida play last week.  they got lucky.  we will have to make a bet on the lsu-flor game.  i will take the points of course.  i will let you think of the bet since you are into that stuff.  i went out with jen & max in denver.  i guess they are back together.  what is a good smaller town in florida to live in. one with golf courses right on the ocean. 
 anne-  any luck with those np & sp/ on-off peak curves?  let me know when you get  a chance.  thanks, matt 
 Toni-  Here is a copy of my friends resume again.  Let me know if you can get him in for an interview.  Thanks,  Matt Lenhart 
 i am not moving there any time soon.  i need to get rich and then one day i might. 
 lisa gillette kendra something bryan hull 
 kendra dromgoole lisa gillette bryan hull   each one is like matthew.lenhart@enron.com.  they are all firstname.lastname@enron.com 
 lsu is only a 10 point dog.  it is hard not to want to take tenn.  i might take tenn and call it a "hedge". 
 your resume is out and about.  that lady is moving it to people who need some folks. 
 did she reply?  make sure they still aren't in high school. 
 not if i know i am 
 i will take minnesota -2 
 sorry i didn't call.  i was at work and i couldn't.  fri was a bad day. 
 plauche said that he was definately in.  did you get the rooms yet?  if you can get two since they are so cheap.  that way we can get girls back easier. 
 call me b/c i will forget.  i will even pay for the call.  just call and then i will call you back.  i forget at night.  i have a lot on my mind. 
 where did you find that 
 there was a school shooting in new orleans 
 sure i do.  give me a ring when you can. i can't wait to talk to you 
 do we need more people.  i can try to get more.  let me know 
 i want to bid 10 on jeff feagles. 
 don't call that late.  call before then.  i need my beauty sleep. 
 kayci-  what is going on?  the address for the place we are staying at is 931 st. peter.  it is on the same block as the gold mine and runs perpendicuar to bourbon st.  i will have my cell on me fri and that number is (713)825-8410. i arrive in new orleans aroudn 5:30 fri night so we can meet up whenever you guys want.  if you guys need a place to stay there is plenty of space in this house.  be ready to party.  don't wear your camoflauge when we go out.  i don't want to be embarrassed.  just kidding. 
 that is b/c that pussy knows he wont play 
 7 
 do we need any more people (chicks) on our team? 
 that is totally cory 
 i am glad you reminded me b/c i completely forgot.  this couldn't come at a better time b/c i am fucking broke.  i haven't been this since school.  send it to:  1212 fairview #a houston, tx 77006  wait until you get to glamorama.  it is the best except for 1 nasty chapter. you will know when you get to it.  lsu is on espn this sat night.  look for me tied on to some 19 year old hottie  drunk off my ass.  i will have some pledges tie around my head and bourbon all over the front of my shirt.  just go ahead and over night that check. 
 they figured it out.  it was their mistake.  how is everything.  i am going to baton rouge this weekend for the lsu game.  i should be fun.  i will call sunday. 
 i think that i am going to take it easy tonight.  i am going to br tomorrow so i need my rest.  are you going to the lsu game?  i cannot wait to get back in town.  where are you guys going out afterwards? 
 we have a softball game chief 
 i don't know but the field is located off of i-10 
 so i will take minn (1.5).  you want that? 
 san antonio and vidor 
 did you get in  touch with kim 
 you must be bad luck for the tigers.  was it fun last weekend?  i havent heard of lz's.  what do you guys  have 8 happy hours a week? 
 i was just in town over labor day weekend.  my hoodlum friends and i didn't get into too much trouble.  so do you have to learn new "internet terms"  in your new job.  you need do be able to talk the talk with those it folks. well the job sounds good if you are going to retire in one year.  i think i am going to work until i am 40 then i am moving to florida to live on the beach.  so how is denver?  i miss the good weather.  have you guys been partying?  did you have any good gossip for me.  you need to fill me in b/c i am way out of the loop.  good luck with your new job and email me back when you get a chance.  matt 
 is this going to be the buying op for apple? 
 i couldn't believe it when i heard it.  i would just hold it.  i am going to baton rouge this weekend.  hope all is well.  take care. 
 we are playing tenn.  they are going to hammer us.  i am going in.  it should be on at 530 espn your time.  griese and davis starting sunday? 
 do you have an extra glove?  also let me know where the game is at tues. what is the next game you are going in for? 
 i am in if our football game is at 9 
 i got min -1.5 for $30 
 bama is a definate.  just call me tomorrow and we can go out there.  i hope there is a hottie working 1st.  i will hit singles all day. 
 i am in. 
 the lsu game rocked.  davey hasn't been playing b/c he has been hurt.  if he would have played last week we would have beat uab.  denver defense sucks. that game made me sick.  i can do can cun for sure.  just let me know the dates.  what happened to cu?  i heard marcus houston hurt his hip. 
 it was awesome.  i didn't get your message until last night.  i didn't have my phone with me there.  it was so much fun.  that was one of the greatest games that i went to.  where did you watch it?  it sounded like you were partying some. 
 i will be in for cancun for sure. 
 i guess that means we need to go back to some more games.  i cant believe we didn't go. 
 when are we going to go get drinks with celeste's friend that is the hottie? 
 how about that game?  did you get to see it?  tell celeste to set it up for thurs.  we will go hit some cool place for drinks. 
 i went.  it was incredible.  one of the best games i have seen there.  rohan is the man.  we would be 4-1 if he could have played last week.  big game sat.  we need to do something for the game. 
 what do you mean i wasn't doing so hot saturday night?  i thought i was in great shape.  i was dancing better than menudo.  i was hurting when we left sat.  i almost puked in my car when i was driving back to houston.  going back to football games is so much fun, but the drinking kills you.  i haven't drank that much for that long in a while.  it was worth it.  i am tired today, but it is nice for everyone to say how we kicked ass this weekend.  i still can't believe you didn't get tickets.  i had extras.  i could have hooked you up.  i heard brittney spears was at fred's on sat night.  did you hear that.  not that i am a fan of hers, i just heard that.  shoot me another email when you get a chance.  matt 
 yeah.  you?  we have an extra day also.  i want to go out sat. 
 sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i went to bed.  i will try to call you tonight or tomorrow. 
 sounds good.  how long would we stay in cancun?  i don't think i can take 2 weeks again this year.  i could meet you in n.o. and we could fly from there or if you have to go to cancun through houston i can meet you here.  i will try to call tonight after my softball game.  hope all is well. 
 have you ever been to monterey, cali?  i get to go there in two weeks for a pipeline meeting.  it looks gorgeous.  is grandma still staying in town with you? 
 you said some embarrassing things on the message.  just kidding.   this weekend will probably be low key.  i am sure i will go out sat.  what are you doing? 
 i am down in the crowd somewhere. 
 i dont remember monterey.  i think i missed it when i was curled in a ball in the back seat freezing my ass off.  i cant wait.  i looks awesome. 
 i am playing golf one day.  i am going to fly into sf and drive down the coast to monterey.  should be nice. 
 i ran on the field.  it looked awesome.  i had a blast.  it was one of the top 3 games  i saw at tiger stadium. 
 it is okay if i am getting old b/c i age really well.  anyway, men get distinguished as they age.  i don't care how old i get just as long as i keep my hair.  i can't believe you don't like freds when it is packed.  that is the best time to be at that place.  i do feel better at work today.  i found out i get to go to monterey, cali in two weeks for a boondoggle.  it is all paid for and all i will do is booze and golf.  i look foward shit like that now.    you should be going out every night while you can.  one day you will hit the real world and you can't do that.  lsu is not the real world.  you can still party a lot while you work, you just have to be in pain at work and pretend like you are not hung over so they don't think you have a problem.  i usually go out 2-3 nights a week.  i try to live like a rock star (like britney spears).  email me back when you get a chance. 
 what is up?  i didn't have your email.  anyway, i think you called last night and i answered and i could hear you talking to somebody, but you couldn't hear me saying hello.  dirty george does some sick shit.  he lost his hand up his ass the other day.  how is the new job? 
 we need to book a trip to club med can cun.  i heard it is just like that show temtation island. 
 are we on for drinks with the hottie? 
 cool bra.  what is up for the game this weekend? 
 do you get to go to ny ever?  sounds good.  are you going to start working 100hrs/wk? 
 i have a joke for you.  Q:  what two words clear out a men's bathroom faster than anything?       A: nice dick 
 i don't listen to nsync.  i like color me bad more.  they are more my speed. they have a more mature sound.  you don't know what a boondoggle is?  a boondoggle is where another company takes you on trip to discuss business over golf and booze.  they pay for it all and it is usually fairly extravagant.  they make this job worth it.  i am having a shitty day.  i am losing a shit load of money.  do you go out every night or something?  you are living the wild life.  what are you taking the gre for?  what the fuck is the gre for anyway?  is that the grad school test?  what is your major?  i can't remember what you told me.  speech something?  where are you going to grad school? lsu?  talk to you later. 
 you must be a hoodoo for the tigers.  i went in for the tenn game.  it was awesome.  you dont realize how good we had it at school until you leave. check out md anderson.  it is the top cancer research hospital in the country.  how is everything going there?  i talked to our babe kelsey walker a couple of weeks ago.  she was in houston for a bachelorette party.  she is still hot.   i also saw  brooke and emily last weekend.  brooke looked good. i am planning on going to jacques wedding.  when is it?  what lsu games are you going back in for?  i am definately hitting the bama game and possibly miss st.   talk to you later. 
 i spoke to her yesterday.  if she doesn't get you an interview with that guy she is going to get you one later.  game at tim or val's. 
 sounds good. 
 we can bring some shit.  is this girl from the same town as celeste?  i am trusting you that she is hot.  i don't want to show up for some drinks and have to sit next to some troll.  well just let me know.  we can get drinks any night next week. 
 i think mitch is going to come over also. 
 i have your juvenille cd & i might not give it back.  you in town this weekend. 
 i just got a 46.  my mom is so proud she raised a good boy. 
 see how you do on this test.  let me know your score. 
 how did you lose 26 points from the last time you took the test.   you cannot pretend some of that stuff didn't happen. 
 i actually scored a 96.  that is respectable.  it doesn't make me a dope addict or dog lover so i am comfortable with it. 
 i didn't cheat like you did.  there is no way your score can go down on this.  i think you need to retake it and be honest with the test and be honest with yourself.  let me know what you really score. 
 did you see the debate last night?  i was impressed with cheney.  i thought he was more impressive than either presidential candidate. 
 wade might show up if that is ok 
 i tell him to bring some food 
 i am not going fucking ice skating.  that fag might be.  i think there is a power trader named rogers herndon.  why?  so what are you doing this weekend? 
 we should go get some beers after work at that new place near tim called the station or something.  let me know if you are in. 
 i am staying in town for the weekend.  what are you doing?  i think that i am going out sat.  give me a call if you are going out. 
 whenever.  i am ready to go now. 
 you won't be able to throw me when you are on ice skates boitano. 
 give me a call at work or at home when you can go. 
 i didn't bet with her.  she still owes me $50.  we came back to reality. 
 you didn't miss shit on saturday.  merc room was full of nothing but cougars.  it was a waste.  we need to hit this place called toc.  i heard that it is great. 
 texas sucks huh?  how was your weekend? 
 do you guys want to play golf sat morning?  let me know and i will get a tee time before the game. 
 somewhere decent.  if you want in i will get a tee time today. 
 damn!  you got a 112?  did you answer yes to the animal sex question?  i scored lower than you.  i scored a 96.  my mother would be proud.  i am just an angel.    you should move to the french riviera.  i think i am going to do something similar.  i need to go anna nicole and marry a rich old woman and move to the carribean.  i think i could quit work and become some old blue hair's boy toy.  i would only be a couple of years.  i would probably be able to get a girlfriend on the side who is more my age.  all i would really have to do is get on a different sleeping schedule than her and i could totally avoid her.  fuck working.  i don't want to use my mind.  i think that is what i am going to work on this weekend.  i can go volunteer at some old person place and find a honey.  sounds like a plan.  talk to you later. 
 is excel (psco) going bankrupt?  have you heard anything about that? 
 she lies 
 i don't think i can make it b/c we have a west desk dinner that night. 
 there was nothing but blue hairs there.  all the chicks were lying about their age.  i needed to escape that place.  my hair looks great today. 
 they are getting tighter.  my new diet seems to be working.  i need to drink more water so my skin will get smoother. 
 thanks.  i might check it  out. 
 Here are the prices.  Let me know if you need any other points. 
 sure. i will give you a call before i pick you up. 
 how much does the league cost for softball 
 i don't know what time i will be back.  i need to do cardio after work and then eat.  you still up for golf sat?  i will get the tee time tomorrow. 
 i have a tee time for 5 on sat @ 12:07 if you want to play.  the tee time is at herman golf course.  let me know today if you want in. 
 i don't think we bet, but i will give you the benefit of the doubt.  since florida won that makes us even.  here is the math:  you owe me 50 i owe you 50 net = 0  florida's math dept. must not have been that stellar.  so you and max are buying a house together?  that is good to hear.  i don't know what i am doing for thanksgiving.  one of my buddies from school is getting married that weekend and i might just go to that.  what else is new in denver?  you still selling drugs?  so who is going to be the bread winner, you or max?  i have been meeting some girls.  a lot of cougars.  cougars make me laugh b/c they think they are a hot commodity or something.  where are you and max going to buy?  does he still like the 5 points area?  that isn't exactly mayberry. well practice your math and keep in touch. 
 i have a dinner to go to 
 i was having my toenails buffed, but i watched it.  i am heading downtown sat 
 are you in love?  what is his last name? claven? 
 well i am glad you are happy.  how is work.  i have been getting my ass kicked lately. 
 i work out at the met.  i am trying to turn into an adonous.  i need to do more sit ups, eat more chicken, and drink more water. 
 you guys want to do this?  i will play. 
 i wanna be a gooder speller. 
 i got a tee time sat at 10 am.  the course is cypresswood.  let me know if you are in or out. 
 how is everything going?  did you have fun in denver?  how about the cornhuskers.  they seem to be getting by barely.  it should be interesting as they play better teams.  have you been golfing?  i haven't golfed in a long time, but  i am going saturday.  i am also going to california next week and will golf there.  give me a call this weekend if you get a chance. 
 i thought i heard something but i wasn't sure.  i just didn't buy it.  how is everything going? 
 let's try that new place main station tomorrow night instead of kinneally's. it is a block from the dog house. 
 i have to work through the 26th of dec.  i can start vacation on the 27th.  i think that is the day you said you wanted to head to cancun.  let me know when you get a chance. 
 here is a good excuse to get out of that concert:  lsu football game at 7. you don't need to mention to them that we are going to tear up downtown afterwards.  no holds barred is the motto this weekend. 
 i have to be here on the 26th.  i don't think we get that day off.  if we do have the day off  i can do whatever.  they guy i trade the northwest is going to be out of town, that is why i have to be here. 
 i will check the vacation schedule.  i don't know if i have the 26th or the 24th off.  i will find out today. 
 you got to make her forget that dude.  your money 
 we went out too late.  there were enormous lines to get into each place.  it sucked.  we need to get there earlier.   i might not be able to play tomorrow night. 
 she cannot play on the team now.  she coaches or something like that.  i don't think bryan will be at the game either.  lisa should be there. 
 i might be able to make it.  i will know tomorrow.  are you in town this weekend. 
 why?  doesn't soy clean the pipes? 
 are you in if it doesn't? 
 are you staying in town this weekend? 
 so are you going to get that car? 
 that is scary. 
 that is just gross 
 i should be at the game tomorrow night. 
 looks like she is going to play 
 i am in for the happy hour 
 check this out.  it is a beau rivage special 
 double or nothing means  if  i win you pay me 100  and if i lose we are flat.  do you remember you lost $50 to me on jan 1?  your math is bad.  our bet isn't if i win you owe me $100 and if you win i owe you $100.  that doesn't make sense.    you need to stop sniffing the glue.  how is the house hunting going?  so are you and max going 50/50?  i haven't met all cougars. i met a little hottie who is an education major.  she is still in school.  i am going young so when i get married i wont have to turn her in as early. cougars don't have a long marriage expectancy if you marry someone who wants to trade you in when you are really old for a younger model.  geaux tigers. 
 sounds good. 
 what is up party girl?  i heard you are quite the dirty dancer. 
 are you playing softball tonight? 
 what field are we on tonight? 
 i will just meet you there 
 good one 
 1212 fairview #a houston 77006 
 check this out it is pretty funny 
 do you get in on it? 
 jeff skilling was walking by when i opened it 
 12:05 at herman 
 why did they cancel it 
 how does this work 
 do you know who the winner is?  i bet you want to go out with him b/c he has a new truck & boat. 
 yeah.  nothing turns me on like a woman in a truck.  does she have rebel flag stickers on the truck and calvin peeing on a ford symbol sticker? 
 there is chinese food up here.  i think i am going to run down to the delivery van and free the dogs out of the back. 
 i heard you were throwing a huge halloween party. 
 i don't understand your rationale in this bet.  i was up $50 going into our bet, you were down $50.  for me to now be down $100 is a $150 swing.  why would i risk $150 vs. you risking $50?  florida's math dept. is lousy.  when are you and max going to vegas?  i just got back in town from monterrey, ca. it was another boondoggle for work.  here is a stock tip for you: pxlw. check it out.  also ene.  very strong long term. 
 we need to figure out something to do for halloween on sat night. 
 30-40 
 he is going to get hurt.  your forgot that the saints are cursed. 
 it is a 2:30 game.  if we win i am at fred's right after.  fuck eating. 
 what time the game tomorrow? 
 we need you back for softball.  we need a catcher. 
 texas did go to a bowl last year and get run by an arkansas team (sec) that was blanked 35-0 in their last regular season game against lsu.  big 12 can say they are up this year, but the fact is there are only two teams playing football in that conference, ou/nu.  the other teams in the big 12 attribute their loses to a competitive conference from top to bottom.  i think they should change the name of the conference to the big 2.  at least the sec is full of good teams.  "the big 12 - you can't shine shit!" 
 are we hitting sierra tomorrow? 
 we do need a rivalry.  we can get a new rivalry and write a fight song about that team.  that will take us over the top. 
 i have no plans for halloween.  what are you going to do?  i was thinking about just throwing a pre-party and then hitting the bars.  let me know what you think. 
 Mr. Jacoby-  I wanted to see when was a good time to meet with you regarding the PRC process.  Any day next week during the afternoon would be best for Phillip and I.  Get back to me when you can and we will set up a date and time.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 i haven't thought about what i should be.  i need to think about it.  i will let you know.  what did you have planned for saturday? 
 you going out tonight? 
 i didn't go to br.  i was in monterrey, cali and didn't get back until late fri.  what are you doing sat night for halloween?  i haven't seen you in a long time what has been going on?  i need to think of a good costume.  maybe i will be another mullet, just a different kind.  how is the job? 
 you hate gollata huh?  fights are a waste of money b/c they are never good. i made my mullet wig.  it is a work of art.  i look like such a tool with it on, but my legs are still great.  i like my ankles too.  so you are just going to hit that party sat?  what else have you heard that might be going on?  i love halloween.  it is a lot of fun dressing up and getting drunk. let me know what you hear of. 
 i don't shave my legs, but honestly - i like those op shorts.  if you know where i can get some let me know.  i don't have an alchohol problem you do. what is aa like? 
 you have to be creative.  didn't you take arts and crafts?  i thought women were good at that. 
 if you are going to the one in the village i think you should try another place.  there is this place called chipotle on kirby two blocks down from bissonet.  it is the best.  they are out of denver.  it is much better than texadelphia. 
 i might have to be another form of mullet.  i will think of something for sat and let you know. 
 these are not like mission burrito.  i hate mission burrito too.  these are healthy. 
 you cant go off of what coulon says.  that guy cant eat anything. 
 i wish i could go every day.  i could live on it.  we will go some time. 
 no.  i am up for having people over and then heading out on sat.  if we get a big group together and go out it could be a good night. 
 you getting out early?  you going out tonight? 
 i am going to take that friday off and come in to br.  maybe we should set up a tee time around 2 or 3 pm. 
 i didn't say we were having a party, i said you were having a party.  i will spread the word at the analyst happy hour tonight.  i will let them knwo that you will provide drinks and food.  does susan know about your party? 
 we lost.  i hate playing softball.  it is no fun.  people are going to be upset with you if you plan a party and then bail out on it.  susan won't like the fact that you didn't tell her about it.  how is nyc?  have you hit the clubs yet? 
 what is going on?  i have missed some good games.  i wanted to go in last week, but i was out of town and didn't get in until late fri night.  i think i will be in for the bama game.  how old is your friend that is getting married?  a lot of my friends are starting to get engaged.  i can't believe everyone gets hitched so young.  what else is new? 
 sounds like your working hard. 
 lets get it on! 
 ditto 
 i get free lunch every day 
 what two words clear out a men's bathroom?          scroll down                                 nice dick 
 we are playing liars poker right now if you want in.  give me a call later if not. 
 stop the bad joke respnses and the fag 'miss you much' , 'love you much' messages please. 
 you're the seat saver 
 i will buy 2 for sure. 
 i got two tickets on the 50 
 you cant lose 30 points from the last time you took it.  you have to be honest. you are just lying to yourself 
 they better not lose to the fucking aints.  i don't want to be emabarrassed. 
 i just got a 28 
 i got an 86. 
 we need to think of something for halloween.  have you heard of anything? 
 , 
 we went to scudieros. 
 we all got laid by a gang of hot cougars.  i had to take your portion since you weren't there. 
 i was a man whore 
 it was pretty cool.  just some 70's shit.  lot of gold. 
 bob shiring got canned 
 i am an independent contractor. 
 how was dallas?  any good stories?  did you get married to your babe? 
 i think you see the writing on the wall that we are going to dominate.  who cares about the last two years, it is about now.  we are going to rope-a-dope ya. 
 are you going to ride in with us fri?  let me knwo.  we are going to leave at 12.  this is going to be a party weekend.  i am going to live on red bull. give tim a shout at 853-4755.  i cannot make the game tomorrow night.  i will be at the rest of them. 
 i will not be able to make it this week.  i will be at the rest of them. 
 is this in response to the unfunny email responses 
 i'm flakin 
 i will try to do that tomorrow 
 i can't go to the game tonight.  i have other plans. 
 yeah.  i am throwin a rager that starts at 6:30 
 mitch needs to know if you guys and that other girl are playing tonight.  let me know & i will email him. 
 the team needs you.  do it for the team. 
 lisa said she would play if she gets out of work on time.  i haven't been able to get ahold of bryan.  i would doubt the other chick would play, but if she does let me know what she looks like. 
 tell him to keep checking his mail and it might be there in a couple of weeks. 
 i suck at softball and i hate playing it.  i have a ' team building' thing at the rockets game. 
 Mr. Skilling-  Here are a few questions I would like to submit before your floor meeting on the 32nd floor  Wednesday.  1.)  Enron seems to be taking a new approach to their business by taking assets off the books and looking for new opportunities as a market maker in new markets.  Is Enron going to be just a trading company?  2.)  If Enron is just a trading company our earnings could be quite volatile.  How could this affect our stock price?  Will Wall Street be prepared to accept more volatile earnings?  3.)  Volume on EOL seems to be decreasing since the middle of the year and new platforms are being introduced into the market place.  Is this going to have a negative effect on Enron's stock price?  4.) What are some of the new markets Enron plans to explore in the near future?  5.)  Is Broadband coming along as quickly as Wall St. expects and how much of our stock price is based on broadband?  I hope these questions are in line with some of the issues you wish to discuss and I look foward to hearing you speak tomorrow.  Sincerely,  Matt Lenhart 
 i thought it was a funny comeback larry 
 tonight?  i am going to a basketball game.  i heard people go out and trick or treat on this night or egg kids. 
 lame reply 
 lame reply #2 
 thanks.  have fun egging the neighborhood kids 
 lame response #3 
 did kendra play 
 if your responses are witty then that tells me wit means retarded and unfunny responses.  are you going to sit ryan and i down and tells us how to give stupid responses to every email that comes out? 
 soy is discusting 
 the gas daily pricing is the correct one. 
 those guys can party 
 did you guys win 
 bobby shiring in the newest member of ees 
 do you still like apple?  looks pretty safe down here.  p/e is only 9.  what do you think? 
 bob was canned last week.  not suprisingly.  i will try to call you guys this weekend. 
 ou was impressive.  crouch sucked after the 1st quarter.  i think they told bob " don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. "  he was a nice guy, but didn't produce.  he once said to me " if i didn't have this goddam kid i could retire".  his kid less than 1 year old.  talk to you later. 
 it said if you do that it is bad luck 
 i told you he would.  it wont be easy, but for a year you would learn a lot. 
 i will try to line up a pig for you 
 lets meet tonight at 8 
 how was sat night?  i tried to call your house but the number isn't in service. 
 done. see you there 
 no.  it just means someone has a lot of ammo.  it isn't from that movie. 
 hey mom,  i will check on dates today.  i can probably come home the 23rd or 24th.  how was your weekend?  i went to baton rouge and watched lsu play.  i couldn't find cros anywhere. 
 i looked for cros but i couldn't find him.  i told him where i would be and i  was there the whole time.  my cell wasn't working on campus.  i gave him a call today to find out how we missed eachother. 
 i will check on whether or not i am going to go to new orleans or not.  i might go to dallas for new years if lsu goes to the cotton bowl.  i will find out soon.  best thing might be for me to fly back to houston on the 28th or 29th and if i go to new orleans i can just drive in. 
 broncos will roll the aints. 
 broncos just need to keep griese out of the french quarter on saturday night 
 how about them tigers?  6 wins with 2 games to go.  let me know when you want to pay off that bet. 
 it was fun.  i am tired now.  josh was wearing a ut shirt.  i think we are going to end up playing texas in the cotton bowl.  i think i would be an ass-whoopin' like texas never had.  what did you do this weekend? 
 how is dean's.  looks like a cool place.  how great would it be to party in dallas on new years eve and then begin the year by kicking texas' ass again. that would all major sports.  what is up for this weekend? 
 no.  i was dead on sat night.  i was out late on fri.  it was fun.  you should have stayed out. 
 you lost to stanford and haven't beat any good teams.  texas has no running game.  they are too easy to defend. 
 what is bounce? 
 i would rather throw myself off the enron building and bounce on the cement 
 give me a call again.  i lost your work number 
 i can't open these dirty porn cartoons at work.  how is everything going?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  max and jen just bought a house from my brother.  what are you guys doing for xmas?  or chanuka?  lsu might end up playing florida in the sec championship.  look out.  let me know  how things are going. 
 i can make it if we are the 7:30 game. 
 cros-  just wanted to shoot you an email.  let me know if you are going to get down to new orleans.  also, lets keep in touch on some of these real estate deals.  i am very interested in getting into some of these projects.  good to talk to you again.  matt 
 Cooper-  I wanted to know if you could send down the foward curves for SP, NP & PV.  I also wanted to know if I can access these curves daily here in Houston.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Thanks for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 could you send me a copy of those current curves. 
 i thought i got a copy from you last time.  i will check with ricter. 
 if you sign up on msn messenger brian hoskins is on there as "mr. right".  he was signed up as that on the trading floor msn list.  i couldn't believe it. 
 bring the money by whenever you want.  i should be at my desk all day. 
 call 853-0661 and say his name and you will get connected to his ext.  if it rains will the game get cancelled? 
 you lost, you need to pay me.  part of losing the bet my man.  where are you working now? 
 is there still a game or a number we can call? 
 let me know when you can meet in the lobby and i will go down there 
 i can't get down there by the end of the year.  so you are finally going to get a job?  that is good.  why cant your state get all their votes in?  if they don't vote for bush i am going to be so pissed.  sounds like max and jen bought a big house.  we might need to make a bet on the lsu-flor game in the sec championship. 
 When do you want to reschedule this meeting? 
 way to show up for the game.  we had to get a ringer, but she was pretty good.  she is one of those softball freaks that goes out every tues night looking to pick up games. 
 call me before you go down  3-7176 
 we lost by 1 i think.  i can't wait until softball is over.  i cant stand the two older guys on the team.  one of them got mad and was kicking a trash can and throwing his glove around.  don't leave me hanging out there again with some of those freaks.  i can't take it. 
 can i reserve 2 tickets? 
 thanks. 
 i think i will go with the cheaper tickets.  thanks for offering up those tickets.  it  is going to be an expensive weekend.  how about this election? 
 larry's uncle had some but they are like $50. 
 you need to send a warning with that 
 Jeff-  can you send down a foward curve for sp, np, and pv?  also, where can i get these curves daily? 
 lsu +3.5 
 i have to meet with h.r. today. 
 i think that we might go to two rows to watch the game b/c they have better food.  why don't you guys meet us there.  where did you end up in b.r.?  i went to fred's and bogies.  it was pretty fun. 
 hey grandma-  how is everything going?  is it cold in neb?  it really got cold here last night.  my windows frosted over.  how is neb going to do against ksu this weekend?  i think that they will roll them.  ksu isn't that good.  give me a call when you get a chance.  love matt 
 how was saturday?  you didn't miss anything at uropa. 
 how could you vote for gore?  especially if you want to become a teacher.  i am not scared to go to florida, i just haven't done it.  lsu might play florida in the sec championship which would be in dec.  we wont know that for two more weeks.  how else is everything going?  i am just keeping busy with work and partying.  get back to me when you get a chance. 
 i am just kidding.  those people were huge huh?  what has been going on with you?  are you hitting the town tonight or is it too hard to do that with your new job? 
 definately let me know when you come into houston.  there are a lot of fun bars around town here.  what happened to you on sat?  i was hurting on suday driving back.  that is the worst part of going back.  i heard oxford is fun to party at, but the fans there are assholes.  have a good time and keep in touch.  matt 
 i love saban.  he is the best coach in college.  i just said i like rohan better than booty.  you guys partying this weekend? 
 that is the saddest response i have heard.  teachers should be continually tested.  i had some idiot teachers that should have been fired b/c of their incompetence.  you shouldn't be scared to be tested if you are good at your job and half way competent.  democrats are so lazy.  how could you vote democrat?  al gore makes me sick.  enough of my ranting and raving.  what are you doing this weekend?  i am tired today b/c i went out last night.  this is a good scene.  probably not as good as miami but there is a lot going on now and our downtown is booming.    name some small towns that are cool to live in near south florida.  i heard naples is great.  i need to live on the ocean. 
 i am painting purple and gold tiger stripes all over my body. 
 bush.  dick & bush - it is just natural.  what are you doing this weekend? lsu is on espn2 at 7 your time on sat night.  how much snow did the mountains get?  get ready for n.o. 
 i am up for going out wherever.  ricky hasn't been producing too many 100 yard games lately.  our bet could go either way.  give me a call on my cell @ 713-825-8410 
 i doubt cros will end up going.  sat night is val's engagement party.  i just want to stay there for maybe an hour.  where are you watching the game tonight? 
 cooper-  are you guys having trouble pulling the hourly iso data?  if not, let me know so i can get this query fixed.  it is missing data for certain days and data for imports/exports.  thanks for your help.  matt 
 julie-  is that product updating daily for you?  if it isn't we have some term products for calendar year 2002 or 2003 that wouldn't have to be updated. let me know if you need those products on your site.  matt 
 fla- be proud! 
 griese was great, but it looks like he will be out for awhile.  ian gold is a stud. 
 , 
 i might be up for that.  i might have to go to a super saturday dinner, but if not i will definately do this. 
 i love natural gas 
 i cannot make it tonight.  i have a customer dinner. 
 not that type of gas- i love the natty 
 pretty good.  who is going out sat night? 
 dean's is cool.  i went there thurs.  i went to prague not to long ago.  it was pretty cool, but not somewhere i would hang out every sat.  i didn't do anything this past weekend b/c i think that i am getting a cold.  if we don't do dinner sat night let's definately meet out somewhere.  we need to explore downtown some.  how is the new job?  are you working 100 hours/wk? 
 this is so funny    ><http://www.mediatrip.com/shows/phone_flash.html >http://www.mediatrip.com/shows/phone_flash.html 
 please send the deal number again. 
 no.  yours? 
 i am going to shreveport.  one of my buddies is getting married.  you? 
 i want to stop by longview and meet the woman who won the truck 
 anyone up for woodys tonight 
 around 9.30 
 just me and you big guy! 
 we gonna get some bitches 
 no order there.  we will probably head over there around 9.30 
 i will have to remember those for when i go out next time. 
 i will give you a call later and we can meet up there or something. 
 do you still get worth magazine?  there is an article on enron and they use a photo from the gas trading floor.  you can see me in the photo.  i am at the top under the second flat screen on the right.  i am blurred so you can't really tell it is me. 
 we are going to hit woody's tonight if you are interested 
 i wish i could come up too, but i am going to head to that wedding.  i need to leave fri morning.  it is going to stay cold there until next week.  check out that article.  i haven't read it yet.  i will call this weekend b/c i will not be home tonight. 
 the one across from the pink pussycat.  hull and i are meeting there around 9.30.  i think there should be a lot of folks there.  give me a call on my cell and we can meet up there. 
 9.30.  it is gonna be tha bomb 
 get in touch with me if you guys come in on saturday.  we are planning on going out downtown most likely.  you can call me on my cell at 713-8258410 or at home at 713-807-1699.  should be a good weekend to be here.  i think there is a lot going on.  email me back. 
 this is that hottie from fred's 
 she is probably ugly 
 grandma-  nebraska sure got lucky.  cu choked at the end.  looks like lsu could end up playing nebraska in the cotton bowl. 
 did i spell disgusting wrong?  at least i didn't put it in a book for the world to see.  i have never had any of that stuff. 
 i went in and changed it. 
 i told her i was busy and don't call me.  i gave her my digits and told her to call. 
 and some oil 
 did you make it to woody's?  it was all poles and no holes when i was there. we are going to hit kennelleys after work if you are up for it. 
 i didn't get your message until i got home.  we will probably head over there around 5 or earlier.  i will give you a call before we head out. 
 we will be there around 5 
 what is going on?  i figured that you wouldn't be coming to houston due to the weather on saturday.  just let me know if you want to come in and we can hit the town.  i won't be in houston over thanksgiving or the following weekend.  actually, the following weekend i will be in new orleans.  my brother is coming in town and we are staying at my family's place in the quarter.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 that was epic.  i was so pissed i almost left the sports bar where i was watching the game.  we need griese back.  you ready for new orleans?  should be fun.  when are you getting there and what day do you leave? 
 our defense is holding us back.  they make me sick.  if we had a defense like baltimore we would be superbowl favorites.  i will try to fly in on that friday.  i am going to take fri and mon off. 
 i got the message.  i didn't think you guys would make it.  i am going to new orleans to meet my brother and just go out.  we are just going to party in the french quarter.  my parents own a place down there so we have a free place to stay.  one of my friends is also having an engagement party that saturday that i have to go to.  if you guys want to party in new orleans give me a call b/c we will be down there from that fri through that monday.  i haven't gone out in the quarter in such a long time.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 hey-  chevys are nice, that is what i drive.  so tom came up to north dakota to steal your car and didn't even buy you guys dinner?  that kid has no class.  things are going well here.  i have been seeing some girl for awhile now.  other than that nothing is new.  enron is getting all its employees new computers so let me know what billie wants to do with the laptop that you guys gave me.  if you guys want it i can send it up, if not i will keep it still.  it is a very good cpu.  i think you guys should buy a new lincoln ls.  they are very nice cars and i don't think that they are too expensive. has grandma set a date for our vacation this summer?  any time is really ok. give me a call when you get a chance.  i will be home all weekend.  love matt 
 this doesn't have an attachment.  how about them seminoles! 
 i will be out of town for the game 
 i think i am going to fly in fri afternoon.  i am going to work in the morning and then leave.  call me here at work and i will give you the fax number. 
 i don't have that many roomates.  they just tell you that b/c you will believe anything.  did you call me last night?  if you did i will get back to you soon.  that is odd that your friend from la. is jewish.  you don't see that too often.  i will visit....sometime.  don't pressure me on that. 
 i will give you a call.  things are going nuts here right now. 
 after work there is a eol happy hour at the state bar.  hull said we could all go, so if you want in let me know.   i am heading there straight after work. 
 he's got room.  i will give you a call before i leave. 
 i am actually going to fly into new orleans next friday.  i arrive around 6pm.  we can meet up at our place in the quarter when you guys want to come down.  i will try to give you a call next week.  i have to go to shreveport for thanksgiving.  one of my friends is getting married to a divorced lady with a kid.  the wedding should be fun except for the shreveport part.  i hate that place.  have a good time in lake chuck. 
 i got an email from that chick and she and her roomate want to meet us out. we will be set up. 
 no thanks.  superbowl sunday is a big day for me.  i will go out this weekend so give me a call. 
 i got all our bills in.  i will write checks for all of them and you can just write me a check for your portion which is $138.38. 
 i have the tickets for them that go in the envelopes, but i don't  have copies.  our bills our higher b/c our electric bill was up $25.  but i didn't keep copies. 
 i don't think i have the detail.  i am not adding uneccessary charges to your phone bill.  i tallied it up as i always do. 
 i am up for it 
 you never used to check it.  i always threw it away after i tallied it. 
 those are fucking funny 
 anyone up for going out tonight?  let me know. 
 i don't think we will get killed.  we aren't as bad as we played this week. actually i have tried sushi and those beans are good but i hate the sushi. 
 we are going to meet some sluts 
 ditto 
 i don't need another cpu.  the lap top that you guys gave me is very fast and i still use it all the time.  i will be home all weekend so give me a call when you get the chance. 
 did you get martha and billie's car?  did you give them something extra for hooking you up?  go to the web site www.adcritic.com and look at the fox sport commercials for the basketball promo.  there is one for the jazz, spurs, lakers and knicks.  they are hillarious. 
 did you see those commercials 
 they are so funny 
 I made a few changes from on the Socal forecast:  1.)  Put in the updated PV, NP, & SP power curves - now the generators are running at peak levels 2.) Increased Ehrenberg from 1.2 to 1.25 3.) Took off the weather adjustments when the new SP generation begins  The new forecast brings Socal storage to a max of 86 Bcf before Q3.  We can discuss this further on Monday.  Matt 
 did you guys play football yesterday 
 played paintball with people in risk.  it was a blast.  did you go out?  i had a date on fri but i didn't do shit on sat. 
 i hear you.  i was a nerd this weekend. 
 my number is (713)807-1699 
 i cannot make this tonight 
 got plans with this girl who's bday is today 
 daddy has got to get laid 
 happy birthday.  is everyone there being nice to you today?  get a to go box of cake so i can eat some.  the website with the funny commercials is www.adcritic.com.  go to "syncronized slammin".  that is funny.  also check out the top 100 and look at "spoof- '88 aries" and "blind date".  let me know what you think. 
 it probably is coastal.  they merged not too long ago. 
 go to www.amihotornot.com.  this is funny. 
 you have got to get a computer that is out of the 80's to see the cool stuff i see 
 did they buy you guys new "used" computers?  when i got my car it was new to me even though it was used.  we are just a much more advanced company. 
 want to play liars? 
 my dad could beat up your dad 
 give me a call when you get a chance.  i got your message this morning.  i don't think i will get to austin for at least a few weeks so it would be best if you just mailed the check. 
 just send one check and i will write the check for all three.  i will try to get the detail sent today. 
 do this test and let me know your score 
 i don't know.  i only have 40 bucks. 
 wow!  i got a 15. 
 i will play.  i just need some booty from her.  i am working like a dog on it. 
 what are you saying?  that i am a skank? 
 i know people who want to play 
 i got an 89.  i am a good boy. 
 why would you think i would have a high score? 
 i am just a little puppy dog 
 we hav e a tee time sat at herman for 11:40. 
 11 
 hells yeah 
 you up for golf sat? 
 playing sat @ 11:30.  you want to play liars poker later? 
 what is your ext. i will call you 
 get the key for the extra slave quarter so some of the girls coming fri have a place to stay. 
 we will play around 5 or 530 
 is this safe to open b/c i don't have a private office 
 rank and yank 
 i would but i am going to ruggles with that girl.  let s hit it hard on sat after golf. 
 i got your message last night this morning.  i was already asleep when you called.  did you go out last night?  i thought you were drinking and dialing me.  just kidding.  i will pick you up at 8:30 tonight. 
 fuck fri.  go out sat. 
 mci is mailing the bill so i will fax it to you when i get it.  just send that check this weekend b/c i am going to send in the bills.  also think of a good weekend for us to go up and party in austin.  mid feb is probaly the best. 
 is this safe to  open.  i don't want anymore of your porn 
 for someone who isn't into their birthday you sure are stretching out this celebration.  it is about as long as mardi gras.  830 isn't too late for me. i will be there with bells on.  when you become an adult, as i am, sometimes you get a little more tired.  and if you have to be at work at 7 am rather than 9 you get a little more tired.  where did your brother take you? 
 did you bring money 
 hopefully some can stay with us in the nice place and if any of them are ugly they can stay in the other place. 
 i don't get it 
 i gots to get PAAIID 
 i get it 
 what are you doing this weekend? 
 it is probably the second or third most important day of the year behind jesus's birthday and maybe superbowl sunday.  i had to throw a football reference in there.   my bad, 830 is a lot earlier than 9.  i think it is still dark at that hour.  well i would love to continue this fascinating dicussion but i need to get ready to play liar's poker.  i need to win some money so we don't have to wash dishes after we eat tonight.  see you at 830. 
 what are you writing thank you notes for? 
 i am sorry to hear that.  i had no idea.  i knew you told me he was ill.  are you ok? 
 i didn't know shirley's father died. 
 if you ever need to talk just give me a call.  i can't imagine it would ever be easy even if you were expecting it. 
 www.adcritic.com.  go to syncronized slammin then check out coppertone burn, artificial butter, can of picante.  those are on the right of the first commercial.  then go to top 100 and see number 17, and blind date. 
 there is more than enough room.  there is parking just in the street somewhere.  you might be able to get rock star parking in the front of the place.  if not, just find some place out on the street.  no camo or bright orange and dont make duck calls all night.  i will be there at 6pm.  should be a good weekend.  see you soon.  matt 
 patty sullivan gets the numbers each day.  i think her report is out on the web each day.  check with her and you can get the numbers each day. 
 are you a superfan of football after that game?  that game was brutal.  i think you birthday was more important than yesterday.  how was your party? 
 oh yeah- i forgot we covered that the other night.  there is no question about your birthday and the superbowl unless denver plays.  i went to a buddy's house to watch the game and left at halftime b/c i had no interest in the game.  your favorite band was on at halftime.  i know you were excited about that.  so why don't you come over this week and watch 9 1/2 weeks. 
 damn baby chill!   did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?  9 1/2 weeks isn't a dirty movie, it's a classic.  you will see.  so why don't you come over tomorrow.  but don't come too late b/c i can't stay up that long.  did you cry tears of joy when nsync was on?  i couldn't have made it in that band b/c i am too rugged.  those guys are little sallys. 
 how can you call those nerds beautiful.  the guy with the beard and the one with the dreadlocks are eye sores.  and those litte mos aren't more rugged than me.  i could kick all their asses.  anyway, why don't you come over between 7 and 8.  that will give me time to work out for the 8th time of the day tomorrow. 
 i owe you some money huh.  i forgot.  just send me you address again and i will mail the check tomorrow. 
 i was thinking about that earlier.  i could have used the money.  i couldn't even stay for the second half.  i ate all that papa john's and my stomach almost exploded.  i will play you one hand of liars for it. 
 come on shooter 
 is the one with the curly hair the one that supposedly dates britney?  there is no way she would go out with a geek like that.  you can come over whenever.   you wont ruin my workout routine. 
 try this.  it is pretty cool to see your baby pic. 
 nice stride by 
 i'll do curls for the girls 
 you're cocky 
 tell slim pickins i sent his check today 
 if that's what you call it 
 is your sister-in-law melissa richardson? 
 she is taking two guys i work with to the game tonight 
 i think so.  one of the guys seems to know her. 
 paul lucci.  he is the old guy i hang out with sometimes. 
 like 35 or something 
 go to aimr.com 
 no.  he is divorced though.  the other guy going is the one from a&m i told you about.  the old guy is hilarious.  he is the funniest person i know. 
 by the way, i never said anyone cheated 
 no.  i just don't want your sister in law telling these guys that i said that.  could ruin my rep.  you coming over at 730? 
 did you not go out sat? 
 you guys still suck 
 you guys suck 
 we went to tim's but it was pretty lame.  i felt like crap.  i am glad i didn't make that party, but i heard susan was russian dancing again. 
 i bet you are dying to see this movie 
 you got to be 100% to go out 
 you know i can't leave early and skip my workout.  how am i gonna stay such a stud if i stop working out?  plus, i am having a fat day b/c i only worked out once yesterday. 
 i cannot go tues night. 
 never heard it but i like the sound of it.  this weekend i am going to new orleans and my brother is meeting me down there. 
 are you tired?  will you do me a favor and at noon think of me touching you? 
 can't make it 
 a new site for lsu i heard about.  it might not be new to you, but if it is it is the most complete lsu recruiting page.  http://www.dandydon.com/index.html 
 i was tired, but don't worry i still had a good work out.  my legs are looking great.  you coming over again tonight? 
 did you ask that girl out?  if not go ahead and ask her out and we will make plans.  we can take them for margaritas then to galant night. 
 this is pretty cool.  see if you can find your picture. 
 your sister in law was looking out for you last night by asking all these questions about me. 
 that website is funny.  it just returns a picture of a baboon.  i totally forgot grandma's and tom's birthday.  i will call her tonight. 
 i called her again and left a message.  i might need to go through someone else. 
 i need your ssn# for this form 
 Mr. Jacoby-  I wanted to see if we could set up a time to meet next week concerning my PRC review.  Let me know what your schedule looks like and we will try to meet when it is convenient.  Thanks for your time.  Matt Lenhart 
 she was just asking what i do at enron and if i am nice or an asshole.  she is just looking out for you.  hopefully these guys didn't bury me to bad. you know you loved that movie so don't pretend that you didn't.  it sounded like it was the 7th or 8th time you saw it. 
 hey grandma-  sorry i didn't call you on your birthday.  i hope you had a good one.  what else is going on?  i have just been working and hanging out with this girl. i will call soon.  dad said we have our reservations for the family vacation this summer.  i will call you tonight or tomorrow.  love matt 
 i am heading to new orleans this weekend to do some partying.  no uropa, just sluts in the quarter. 
 happy belated birthday.  sorry i didn't give you a call.  what all did you get?  i will try to call you  tonight or something. 
 i don't want to know about you and any other guys.  i don't need to think about that kind of bad stuff.  those guys just told her i was money. 
 you spoke with your sister?  what did they say? 
 things are going well here.  nothing much is new in houston.  my life just seems to be work.  actually it is a lot of fun here.  mitch, val, and tim are here so we golf and go out a lot.  what are you doing at your new job?  did you change into a new field or just jump companies.  is natalie working? shoot me back an email when you get a chance.  matt 
 she will say that i am so money 
 they didn't say i was the coolest person they know at work? 
 i doubt that.  give me a call later. 
 did you go and sign up on that website?  there are a lot of people from our class on there.  what is going on?  how is san francisco?  can you pay your gas bill.  i trade energy in that area.  how is the nightlife?  are you dating at all?  life here is hectic.  i have just been working and going out.  when are you going home again?  i don't know when i will get back there, but i wish i was going back to ski.  shoot me an email when you get a chance. 
 let me know when you want to play liars.  next time i won't be as tardy.  i usually pay up quick.  glad you got your money. 
 where did you go last night?  is wednesday a happening night in denver?  did you pick up any talent? 
 i remember you.  you're not that old.  i am mature. 
 go to www.dandydan.com  or dandydon.  it is the most comprehensive lsu football recruiting site there is. 
 did you ask that ckick out for sat or not 
 let's do our bet tomorrow night.  i will give you 2 strokes. 
 i don't know.  what are you doing tonight?  call me later b/c i need to go film something for enron.  i am a movie star. 
 how is everything going?  what are you and al doing this weekend?  that is pretty funny.  i am glad you didn't put me in to the pic. 
 yes.  you need to come over more. 
 you need to b/c i can't have too many days like today.  you ready for an ass kicking like you've never had?  brink a jacket b/c i don't want to hear you complaining on the golf course. 
 i won't be in a bad mood.  i will be excited to see you . 
 around 7:30 
 i never see sammy.  i ran into him on a thursday night about 2 months ago, but i have not seen him since.  the girl situation is good.  i have just been dating this girl from texas a&m, but she is not a die hard a&m freak so it is cool.  do you hang out with bert?  i can't believe he is getting married. talk to you soon. 
 i bet you could teach me something huh? 
 i don't think you are really good.  i think a little luck fell into your lap.  any time you want a shot at the title let me know.  i will leave work right now to go kick your ass at that game. 
 somebody posted a 2000 bmw for sale on the enron message board for $30k.   i think you should get it. 
 how much longer are you president of the board of realtors?  did you hear about aunt martha?  she is pretty sick.  she was in i.c., but i think that she is doing much better. 
 i might travel the country looking for games 
 told you she would get back to you today 
 did you ever send that check 
 i will give you a shot at the title when you get back 
 golf sat at longwood.  micha got a tee time and needs three people.  let me know if you are in today. 
 $65 
 in or out? 
 your so money.  you won't have any problems.  you should have hit sierra last wednes- it was loaded. 
 do you want to play golf sat afternoon at longwood?  i will get a tee time late in the afternoon so we can party on friday.  let me know when you get this. 
 i think i am going to go on fri night.  i can only take that atmosphere for about one night.  when are you going? 
 i haven't been up to much.  what about you?  are you going to the rodeo thing this weekend?  i think i am going to head out there on fri.    let me know when you want to go get a drink. 
 i need to get some tickets too.  there are a lot of people heading there on fri so we can all meet up some where.  we can figure it out towards the end of the week. 
 lets meet up at the rodeo.  i know enron has a booth and one of my buddies is bartending so we can get free drinks.  you can drink your cpa sorrows away fri.  it should be fun there.  i will get in touch with you on thurs or something to let you know what is going on. 
 you in for the rodeo on fri night 
 it is gonna be the bomb dog.  i will try to get you and celeste a ticket 
 friday at the rodeo and sat who knows 
 i think they are here in a couple of weeks 
 what are you doing?  are you coming to hang out tonight?  i need some good luck. 
 d-i-r-t-y 
 no it was a good day.  i was nervous at lunch but i hadn't looked at all the info.  where did you go run errands at? the galleria? 
 did you get me a card or something there? 
 let's go ms jackson 
 i forgot.  i even put it out 
 what time is the game 
 i will be home by 6.  come pick up the jersey early so you can get your ass kicked at madden. 
 we have a tee time for noon on sat at longwood. 
 i have seen you play and i don't need to worry about shit 
 is this porn 
 no 
 you didn't think that was funny chief? 
 that sister comment was gross.  i didn't have a good day yesterday, but you can come over again tonight and try to give me some good luck for tomorrow. i am net up for the two times you have stayed over so i think we should keep it up.  did you watch your favorite show last night? 
 i got extra tickets to the bbq.  i say we start drinking around 6. 
 bet 
 micha will pick us up at my place saturday @ 10:30am.   it is a long drive out there. 
 what is going on in denver?  are you and max finishing the details on your wedding plans?  i need to get everyone's email who is going to attend the bachelor party if you have them.  let me know if you have them and how everything is going. 
 what is going on?  how are things in denver?  have you and max finished planning your wedding?  i need to know if you have everyone's email address that will be attending the bachelor party.  i have got to get the plans for the party together.  don't worry about it though b/c it will be clean fun. let me know if you have them and how everything is going.  matt 
 what kind of inside info? 
 okay i will answer your questions.  i made more money the first time you stayed over than i lost the second time you stayed over so i am net up.  here is a simple equation to explain:   2x -1x = x.    x is still positive.    i watched the show and i can't believe that i am that in to it.  so what are your rumors?  you have to tell now. 
 enron has been a piece.  looks like every company that deals in broadband is getting killed.  it is like they forgot we also do energy. 
 we will be there for about 1/2 hour to 45 min before tee off. 
 these videos are pretty good.  i saw the texas video the last two years. 
 go to www.mrfebruary.com.  i am not sure what it means, but i think that is the nickname for mack brown "mr. february". 
 it is such a sleazy show though.  and it is cheesy.  i am not cheesy, but i do enjoy it.   i thought you had some good rumors.  the equation was helpful?  sometimes it is easier to understand if you see the numbers.  come over tonight around 730ish or after friends since you don't want to miss that show. 
 this is kind of gross, but it is real funny.  i don't think this is your type of humor, but girls here at work thought that it was funny so hopefully you will too. 
 i laughed until i cried 
 totally serious 
 did you get my email yesterday?  i emailed you to see if you could get me the numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys.  go ahead and send them to me if you have them.  i would love to go to miami on april 6th but i might have a wedding in new orleans.  if i don't have to go to this wedding i will go to your engagement party.  things are good here.  i am still dating this girl that i was dating when i was home over xmas.  i guess we are boyfriend/girlfriend b/c she gave me the business last night on how she wanted to be treated and crap like that.  i like her though.  so how does that work for your wedding?  what all is the wedding party expected to pay for?  work is good.  i have just been working and partying.  email me back or i will call you and max this weekend.  take care matt   i really want to go to miami 
 what is going on?  are you  tired today.  i think we are going to meet at my place around 6:30 to go to the rodeo thing tonight.  let me know if you are going to come.  email me back  matt   ps-  hi jenn 
 it was so good to hear from you last night.  it made me feel so much better that you are home and ok.  hopefully everything goes well and we can see eachother in the black hills.  i will try to call this weekend.  tell everyone hello.  love matt 
 number is 504-598-1737.  he is in.  call if you want to go out b/c there will be 4 girls who want to party. 
 so we are going to meet at my place at 630? 
 today is very good.  you brought me the luck today 
 are you going to go out with me on valentines day? 
 i will ride with you 
 we are going to be at the enron booth around 7 tonight?  are you guys still going? 
 when is your bachelor party? 
 one of my friends is picking me up. i guess we will see you there around 7. 
 you had better not have another date.  you are a player though.  call me when you get home so i know if you are going to the rodeo tonight.  hopefully you can make it.  talk to you later. 
 you have to give me a second to reply.  so you are going to meet me there?  i can leave you tickets for the booth at my place or you can call me on my cell when you get there.    i will put your name on the list at the enron booth. my cell phone is 7138258410.  if i dont hear it call again.  if i don't hear it after the second time check the booth and i will try to put your name on the list.  did your friends say it was fun last night?  i will be drinking a lot tonight so don't give me grief like last time.  i am real sensitive. 
 what time are you going to go? 
 it was fun.  i am still dead.  way too much partying.  how was your weekend? 
 you can go whenever.  just let me know so if you meet me there i can look out for you around then.  i am going at 630 if you guys want to meet up then. 
 my place.  so you can meet us there or i can get your name on the list.  i can definately get you in no matter what so if you don't want to go that early you dont have to.  let me know.  i am going to wear my cowboy hat and my bolla tie. 
 are you going to the rodeo tonight? 
 around there 
 .sounds good 
 yeah.  we will be at the enron booth. 
 i don't know what it is about having a girlfriend, but it is the best way to meet other girls.  is she hot?  maybe we could meet up one night or something like that.  how was your weekend?  i went to the cook off both nights and had a blast.  how old is this girl? 
 ask them when would be a good time for them to go to phoenix one weekend.  i would love to go visit them in phoenix and golf for 4 days.  just see when they can go and i will coordinate the trip.   i will call them tonight.  love matt 
 i will let you know.  if i play lets up the money to $10/hole.  you are so bad i don't think i can lose to you. 
 did he go out on sat?  that would make him a real champ. 
 it was ok.  i spent a lot of time at the casino.  did you stay home or go to austin?  texas looked pretty good on friday.  how is your dad? 
 that is pretty bad since you suck so bad at golf 
 what is cheaper and when is the concert 
 do we need to wear disguises so we don't get killed?  lets get seat so we can sneak in booze. 
 lets get tickets 
 i don't think i will play on sat 
 i am just seeing this girl.  i has only been a couple of months.  lets all meet up one night and party. 
 it is only worth it for $10/hole.  you shouldn't even waste your money on a nice course.  you need lessons.  stop losing money to me and wasting your money at a nice course.  lessons will help. 
 i won $14 
 trying to get a head count on who wants to go to def leppard.   everyone knows they love def leppard so i don't want any replies making fun of me b/c i am going to the concert.  it is march 1st and it is gonna rock.   the whole thing is gonna be mullets and cougars so it should be fun.  let me know if you want to go. 
 i think i wrote down the wrong number.  call again. 
 i am in 
 everyone wants to go.  we will get a huge group to go. 
 you guys looked like you were discussing lots of interesting things.  i bet your boyfriend was upset. 
 when do we need to get tickets?  here is a list of people who want to go: tim bryan eric shana lisa susan 
 i am just teasing you, but you did introduce us to some guy you went out with who is an analyst here.  i had so much fun on sat night.  it was crazy. 
 you said " this is my sweet baby" 
 saturday is better for me.  just let me know. 
 depends on the year.  generally around 10,000 miles a year.   don't get anything with more miles than that.  and if you are looking for something aroung 98 or 97 see if it is still under warranty.  you are such a shooter! 
 my address is  1212 fairview unit A houston, tx 77006  i think my mom's address is  340 filmore denver 80206   but i am not sure  i will try to call this week. 
 just whenever.  i would rather go out as a group. 
 is anyone from denver going?  let me know what the guest list looks like.  i would love to go, but i need to check flights and all that stuff. 
 is that supposed to be funny? 
 i wanted to stay for a few weeks.  just kidding.  i am thinking 3-4 days. they is robbie and becky.  let me know what they say. 
 everyone wants to go 
 johnny cash is so  cool 
 lets buy 8.  i can put them on a credit card or whatever. 
 i was just kidding.  you are easy to tease. 
 looks like a deal.  i think i am going to go to your bachelor party and not miami.  i bet you are real excited about that.  lets set up golf for fri or sat.  you missed a good night on sat. 
 don't they have one every hour 
 that is good 
 lisa found this to pump us up 
 mo 
 looks bleek.  we need to buy.  these brokers suck. 
 hold up on that 
 i might have tickets 
 if you feel lucky 
 how are finals going?  what day are you going to come to houston?  any time is fine, just let me know.  should be a fun weekend.  we can head out downtown afterwards and hit some of the wierd clubs.  good luck with the rest of you finals.  matt 
 i got 6 tickets to the concert.  they are club level seats and should be pretty good.  we still need two and i can work on those b/t now and the concert. 
 club level 
 did you tell  her i have great ankles 
 i won't know until the tickets are delivered. 
 we might need 3 or 4.  i will get bass to get them 
 no.  i hate live music.  is this girl hot?  i don't want to meet her and get that dissappointed look on my face. 
 i didn't get them through the big e.  some punk broker. 
 that is secondary.  i am more of a face man.  just kidding.  kind of. 
 i will take your word for it. 
 happy valentines day.  i will see you tonight. 
 nice email.  anyway, congratulations on your recent engagement.  max saved you from becoming a major cougar like your buddy stacey.  just kidding.  i was really happy for both of you.  as far a my responsibilities as the best man, i need to make sure that we send max out of the single life in style. don't worry, there will not be anything crazy going on with hired entertainment or anything.  how is work going for you?  must be going well since you and max just bought a big house.  i will be in town on dec 22nd so be ready to go out. 
 hey annie!   good to hear from you.  how is everything going?  do you have a valentine?  i have one.  it is a girl i have been seen for a few months.  you are so lucky you get to go skiing.  i wish i could hit the slopes.  i haven't skiied in over a year.  you do need a rich guy to support you in san fran. it is so expensive there.  you could just go anna nicole and get some guy who is almost dead and inherit all his cash.  you're not that type of girl though which is good.  who else lives up there.  i thought erin and her sister lived there also.  i can't remember.  keep in touch and stay warm there.  matt 
 nice 
 can you record temptation island tonight? 
 you memorized the tv guide?  you really know your stuff. 
 there is a 1997 bmw 318 for sale here.  the price is $15k and i has 40K miles on it.  looks like it is loaded. 
 sluts? 
 told you i was sweet.  i will give it to you tonight. 
 it says velvet metallic blue.  i have no idea what kind of blue that is.  it also says that it is still under warranty. 
 sorry about leaving last night.  i know that was selfish.  you always stay over when it isn't convienient for you and i should have stayed.  i don't want you to think that i am trying to just walk all over you b/c i am not.  i did have a good time last night and i am sorry i ruined it at the end. hopefully you are not too mad.  email me later. 
 i will check today.  i received 6 yesterday. 
 here is a marriage video for you to enjoy 
 i would be comfortable around stacey.  she is cool.  i took my girlfriend out to dinner and all i got her was a card.  we had a good time until i ruined it at the end of the night and now she is pissed at me.  i didn't stay over last night so she was pissed.  i understand though.  i don't think i can make it to miami.  i want to go but i have to attend a wedding of a friend from college.  actually, i am going to caymen the last weekend in march with my group from work so if you want me to check anything out let me know.  i will scout the island for you and max.  i will give you guys a call this weekend. take care. 
 i am in on another tee time for monday.  i would love to take all your money and some aggies's money, but i can't.  we will play again another time. 
 i was just being an idiot.  i was just thinking that i needed to be at work really early and that i needed to be at home.  it was stupid and selfish.  i feel really bad today b/c that is not the way to treat you.  i promise i will make it up to you. 
 i am going to get a tee time for monday if you guys are interested. 
 i will get one for sun 
 you want in on sunday 
 we're done for sunday @ 12:30 at cypress lakes.  do you know anyone else who will play? 
 cool 
 wait for a little bit b/c i might have it filled. 
 0768 
 can you get me the rent check today? 
 your in 
 golf on sunday @ 12:30 cypress lakes. 
 there is no water.  just makes the name sound nice. 
 how do you want me to make it up to you? 
 you hate decisions 
 you are going to work me over for this aren't you? 
 i will take you out tomorrow night.  is that good with you? 
 so we are set to play golf at cypress lakes on sunday at 12:30.  we can meet up at 11:15 and get out there early to hit balls.  it is a pretty fun course to play and it has a lot of water on the front 9.  the back 9 is kind of dry.  should be fun. 
 i didn't piss her off at dinner.  i pissed her off b/c i didn't stay over that night after everything.  she was pissed and now i have to make it up to her.  that is ok.  so no one from denver is going to miami for your engagement party?  i wish i was going.  i would love to get to miami.  i will call you guys this weekend. 
 are we going out for your b day this weekend 
 anyone up for woody's tonight around 9:30? 
 that was hilarious.  i can't believe peta did that. 
 i was hung over yesterday.  i had a good time on sun.  i think you shot a 126.  you would have had to shoot a 53 on the back and i think you shot a 60. 
 Elizabeth-  Do you still send confirms to counterparties for physical deals done day to day?  AEP has a problem with one of the confirms on a deal done Jan. 31. They sold us two packages of 5000 at PGE Citygate for 12.30 and 12.40.  I entered this as one deal for 10000 at 12.35.  They need the confirm to match their records for each deal.  If you could send another confirm I would appreciate it.  Thanks for your help.  Matt Lenhart 
 did that teresa lady call you yesterday?  she wouldn't talk to me at all yesterday.  her secretary said she spoke with you and she wouldn't take my call.  sorry i didn't call you to watch a movie last night.  i was dead from going out sunday and playing golf yesterday. 
 how is everything going?  did you eat with robbie and becky?  i mentioned to grandma and grandpa a trip to phoenix some time this spring.  they also said that they were going to come to denver in may so i think i will come home for a little bit in may also.  call me when you get a chance. 
 that is fine. 
 Cooper-  I am having trouble running the database with the scheduled power info.  Let me know if you are having problems collecting the data.  Thanks,  Matt Lenhart 
 thanks for your help. 
 Maria-   I work on the West Gas Desk in Houston.  Cooper said that you might be able to help me with a link we have to one of your databases that is not working. This link pulls the scheduled California loads, generation, and imports. This link has not worked since this morning.  Please let me know if you could help.  Thank you,  Matt Lenhart 
 give him one of these " i dont love you whore, i'm out tha door".  just kidding.  that is bad.  that would make him feel cheap and used.  i just wouldn't respond.  he will get the point.  i was in pain on monday.  i couldn't believe i felt that bad.  it was a good time at that joint though so it was worth it. 
 i think that is tomorrow 
 Maria-  I just checked it and it worked perfect.  Thanks for your help.  Matt 
 did you go  out and party? 
 let's go party.   we can get a group and go get some food and then hit the bars.  tim was supposed to send an email out, but i don't think he has yet. i am up for whatever. 
 did you and carolyn have a grammy party?   temptation island was dumb. everyone went on their dates and hooked up.  next week looks good. 
 go ahead and take charge. 
 i am not gettting old, i am getting distinguished.  what is wrong with her roomate? 
 let's hit el tiempo or something 
 at 730 or 8 
 luis mena and anyone who is cool 
 double click on the underlined website at the bottom 
 you up for woody's tonight? 
 why would you guys have a party to cheer her up?  that could make you  sick. it doesn't matter that i am getting older b/c  i age well. 
 strep throat is contagious.  you don't need to share a coke to get it.  germs travel through the air.  am i really losing my hair?  don't freak me out. 
 cassie would be fun to hang out with.  i don't know if you want to invite her pal though.  i am sure bryan doesnt' 
 i wish i was that guy from nsync 
 i know you're kidding.  i have healthy, vibrant, thick, flowing hair.    call me later. 
 what is up fellas?  don't worry we will be set up for the big party.  rooms and entertainment will be first class.  i need to know when everyone wants to go and how much everyone wants to spend.  i was thinking we could get a big suite and then we could have the party there.  we can hit vegas in august or sept.  let me know what your schedules look like and i will get the ball rolling.  matt 
 cool bra!  we will light it up tonight.  call boone dog. 
 i can't believe merlin has a girlfriend.  last time he had a girlfriend the other bush was president.  i will get us something nice.  we can get the rainman suite.  i won't let tom take a finders fee. 
 she blew me up 
 who all is going for sure:  merlin peder ryan scott tom me max's bro in law matt battaglia?? ( someone should get in touch with him) anyone else? 
 lets just have the party at the royal king motel on colfax and colorado blvd.  we will get that hooker scott hooked up with in high school to provide the entertainment.   it will be real fun. 
 he might be a mole.  no moles.  we can golf, bungee jump or do something wild like that.  is that the kind of memorable thing you want to do? 
 thanks.  today really sucks so far. 
 i'm busy 
 golf at a good course 
 what time?  i will be up for some boozing 
 which el tiempo are we going to tonight?  did gillette send out an email? 
 we can go downtown or uropa or whatever.   just whatever everyone wants to do.  what time are we meeting at el tiempo? 
 no.  go out after you're done at work 
 how is sept 7-9.  we will arrive the 7th(fri) and leave sunday.  let me know if those dates aren't good. 
 i don't think there is much going on there, but that would be a good time also.  could be cheaper.  what does everyone think about the big sleazy? 
 how about before that date? 
 how can we get that girl cassie to go?  do i need to invite her roomate? hull could keep her occupied. 
 lets figure a date and a location.  i know max wants vegas so i think we should go there.  if we need to do october that is cool too. 
 its all good 
 just drive down richmond and you will see it next to the pink pussycat. 
 how much does everyone want to pay?  remember we are picking up max's flight, room, and the bachelor party.  thurs-sun sounds good to me.  how does everyone feel about that?  merlin- what is the best date for you to go? 
 will do.  i will let you guys know monday what we've got. 
 i thought you said you didn't know where it is. 
 i am going out tonight 
 1996.  it had 65k.  $18k. 
 so what date do you want 
 9/21-9/23? 
 let's do the week before.  i think that works better.  actually i will check rates on both weekends and if one is cheaper than the other i will take that. 
 do you want to hit sherlocks around  6-630 
 no way.  nice. 
 sounds good 
 i called her 8 times when i got home last night 
 i got a room for sept.6th - sept. 9th.  it is the rainman suite at the mirage.  there are 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, and a huge living room.  with the room we get limo service to and from the hotel.  if there are 7 of us paying it will cost roughly $225 for each of us.  that is pretty cheap.  this way we don't need to get another room.  i also reseved a room at the luxor that can sleep 4 and a suite with 1 bedroom and a living room.  this will cost us $200 per night.  tell me which one you prefer.  we also neet to make sure everyone goes b/c if someone drops out it will cost us a lot more.  merlin, the suite at the mirage wasn't available for the 13th-16th.  get back to me soon.  you can email me back or call me at 713-807-1699.  later 
 i think i can go in that weekend.  do you want to go fri sat sun or just sat sun? 
 one room is going to have 2 queen size beds and then one will have a king size.  there is also couches in the living room and we can get rollaway beds to the room.  location is better at the mirage, but the luxor is really nice too.  let me know what you guys want today and if the dates are ok. 
 thanks for the money.  i received it on saturday.  i really needed it.  i would definately go to phoenix.  just let me know. 
 i think we will get better strippers with the shooter room at the mirage. 
 just give me a call and let me know what this in regards to.    853-7176 
 daddy got the rainman suite baby 
 $225 is for 3 nights.  i can cut it down to fri night and sat night and that will drop our costs to about 145/night.  if we do that we can golf sat morning and then hang by the pool and pick up sluts.  let me know if you guys want to drop the trip down to 2 nights. 
 we are in for 3 nights.  i haven't heard from merlin yet so he is the only one who hasn't committed to that weekend.  i also need to check with max. 
 that is funny shit 
 thanks for the email.  i can't believe i am 25.  i woke up saturday from a hard night of partying  and thought when dad was 25 i was born and now i am 25 and i still go out and party like an idiot.  oh well, it was fun.  how are you feeling?  i hope the dialasys is going well.  let me know.  love matt 
 none.  i will check again later b/c i would like to go. 
 i think we can get this girl for the party.  we will just have to tell her that we are big shooters with the rainman suite.        ? - salsa1.mpe 
 is sept 6th-9th good for you? 
 i think they call her "maddog murdock" 
 you can see the room we have on www.mirage.com.  go to suites and look at the floor plans.  the room we have is the hospitality suite.  it looks like the room on the movie "very bad things".    it doesn't show photos. 
 i got 6 and bass has 2.  tell him to just go b/c at worst we can get the tickets at the dome.  enron might have some floating around. 
 i went ahead and put a deposit down on the room.  with tax it will be $517.75/night.  if we have 7 people paying that will be $222/person.  if max's bro in law doesn't go it is about $260/person.  the deposit i put down is for one night so if anyone wants to cover some of their costs they can pay me.   so IT IS ON now.  sept 6th-sept9th.  i say we get some air brushed t-shirts that say "class of '94 - still partyin'".  just tell your girlfriends we are going to lake dillon to camp or something. 
 here is the list  max ryan merlin scott peder tom me max's bro in law (possibly)   i think we should pay for max's room and airfare.  i don't know how that usually works, but i think we cover that and the entertainment. 
 go to adcritic.com and go to the john werner bear fight. 
 sorry i didn't get back to you last night.  i didn't get your message until this morning. 
 i did a deal with someone on my desk so there is no brokerage involved. 
 i didn't go.  i stayed here.  how is work going?  have you been going out at all?  i havent seen you since sherlocks.  are you going to def leppard tomorrow night?  it is gonna rock.  let me know what is going on for the weekend.  i am definately going out on sat night. 
 you can't shine shit.  whoever drafts him in the second is wasting a pick.  i hope it isn't denver. 
 i can't get off for lunch but we should party before the concert.  we might go to tortucas or something to drink before hand.  where are your tickets? we are club level.  let me know. 
 hey lucky fuck.  i just gave you $20 instead of $15 for the $20 you gave me. so you still owe me $5.  i can't believe you didn't tell me i was making a mistake and stole $5 from me.  i am gonna have to regulate. 
 it is on thurs night for def leppard.  bass said that there is a tortuca near the dome where we can eat and drink some ritas before hand.  i think we should meet around 630-7.  let me know by tomorrow so we can figure it out. 
 i have heard the rodeo opens at 6:45 for rodeo activities, but the concert won't start until about 8:30.  someone up here went to duran duran last night and it said the same thing on the schedule.  i will call tomorrow and double check, but i really don't think they would start a concert that late, def leppard isn't that old. 
 i am glad nobody got back to me on putting in for the deposit.  i will hold $500. 
 yeah and we are going out tonight.  shawn is actually in town.  we should meet up. 
 does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no tequilla shots) or cabos downtown tonight.  let's meet around 6-6:30. 
 i heard you have extra def leppard tickets?  i could use a couple if you have extras.  let me know please. 
 i vote for ruggles at enron field. 
 can i have it 
 i  would go into relapse after one shot.  i would probably pass out at ruggles. 
 that is safe 
 thanks for trying 
 hoskins has no extra.  i heard it isn't sold out and we can pick one up easy.  tell him we are at club level. 
 ruggles it is.  let's meet there b/t 6-6:30.  i will definately be there at 6.  i'm not FOOLIN.  i want to party like an ANIMAL.    it is gonna be HYSTERIA tonight.  enought of the bad jokes. 
 here is the forecast.  thanks for taking the time to look over it.  i just want to go over production real quick with you.   i will call in about a half hour. 
 hopefully downtown baby! 
 that is real nice.  you hate fat people huh? 
 i will give you a chance to get out when we play again or i will have to regulate.  you don't want a shot at the title. 
 more cushion for the pushin 
 what the fuck is tome?  bring it old man.  you will be winded by hand 17. 
 thanks fellas.  i will cover the $510. 
 last night was so cool.  def leppard rocks.  i am going to a dinner tonight but i am going to party tomorrow night.  you? 
 some broker dinner.  it is just a freebie. 
 fri was fun.  i went to a broker deal and the wine was unlimited.  we were crushing $180 bottles for about 4 hours.  i will take it easy this weekend. i have a date with cassie fri, but that is all i will do. 
 how was dinner last night? 
 where are we drinking tonight 
 which question?  i don't know what i am going to do yet?  what do you think? 
 everyone up here loved that 
 i have spoke with her a few times for quite a while.  i would rather go some place that is loud and fun like el tiempo.  is there a place like that around? 
 pretty good.  i went to a broker dinner on fri and we ran a mean tab b/c of the wine.  what did you do? 
 i haven't opened it.  i didn't show anyone. 
 i want to get some ritas.  maybe i could go to el tiempo if they would let us back in. 
 well i am not going to take her there so i won't worry about that place this weekend.  you never said how dinner was last night. 
 what did you do this weekend? 
 you didn't think it was funny. 
 i won at the casino.  it was a profitable trip. 
 how much did you hate that brit 
 did you like his supply bag?  that killed me. 
 by the time you sent this i was already gone.  maybe we can do it again later this week. 
 daddy bought a big bertha and was stroking it last night 
 i bought a big bertha and i was stroking it last night straight and deep. 
 let me know b/c i want to go back out there. this club goes "bling"  when i hit it. 
 bout $250 with a new viser 
 i didn't do anything exciting at all this weekend.  i did play rugby on saturday.  that was fun.  sat night i went to the hub.  that place is so cool. 
 i love living alone.  it has been great.  i think he like austin. 
 Mr. Ponce-  I just wanted to get back with you on some of your customers.  Gas in California really came off and I just wanted to get the feeling of the industrials after the one day drop.  Give me a call when you get a chance @ (713)853-7176.  Matt Lenhart 
 i need to go work out first.  so let's plan for 7. 
 is 7 ok?  i can meet you at my place then or at the range then. 
 no dout boo n0 doubt 
 http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/inside_game/ivan_maisel/news/2001/03/06/maise l_insider/ 
 is telas on sheppard a pretty cool joint to go to on fri? 
 don juan lenharto 
 i don't think she has.  they never hung out in high school and just started living together in jan.  they were more friendly rather than friends. hopefully it will be fun.  she seems really nice. 
 i don't kiss and tell 
 just kidding.  we will probably just get drinks. 
 did you get invited to the wedding? 
 just thought i would let you fellas know that brooke burke, from E! wild on, is posing in playboy next month.  that is all that is keeping me going. 
 yeah.  you and your friends could just send one drink over after another to make me look like a stud.  sounds good. 
 just break your necks when i walk by to the bathroom or something.  i probably won't be able to keep her off of me after that. 
 give me a call when you get a chance.  i lost your number again. 
 between 1030 an 11 would be the best time to install the monitor. 
 send em 
 that is correct 
 they are with reliant canada. 
 pi phi chick from baylor 
 i can go to vegas either the weekend of the 14th of april or the 21st.  just let me know which is the better weekend. 
 ene sucks 
 i think tom, robbie and i should still try to get down to phoenix for a weekend.  talk to those two and see when a good weekend is for them.  i am going to come home in may also for about a week. 
 that date sound good to me.  we can stay at the mirage, treasure island, the alladin, mgm, ect.  there should be some websites like expedia.com which can find hotel rooms easily.  i can arrive thurs evening after probably around 6.  i will check flights.  it shouldn't be a busy weekend.  i can't wait. should be a great weekend. 
 p love has one. 
 let's go with dad in april.  you can go with those guys anytime.  plus you will probably want to go again after we get back. 
 i don't know any of the courses, but it should be easy to find one. 
 what was the name of that chop house restaurant on sheppard? 
 i can't go in that weekend b/c a good friend of mine is getting married.  we could do the following weekend if that is better. 
 that isn't normal? 
 maybe we  should try it for lunch when we are hung over. 
 i changed it 
 possibly around 3.  i would definately get 9 in 
 enron's stock has been getting punished.  a lot of my stock options are worthless.  it is so dark here right now.  it is going to pour.  i think i am going to head to denver for a week in may.  i am not sure which week, but i think that would be a good time to go home.  tell martha and billie hello and i will try to call you guys this week. 
 we should probably get tickets tonight.  i will call keneally's today to make sure they are selling tickets.  who all is going? 
 it is like $10/ticket so i am going to need some cash b/c i am not that big of a shooter yet.  let me call a little later. 
 kenneally's sat afternoon.  you in? 
 who is your new woman? 
 may sounds better actually.  let's try the first week. 
 great. 
 getting married to your sister in law 
 yeah.  i definately want to play.  if we get out there by 4 we can get nine in for sure. 
 don't quit your job at the handy helper.  i don't think you will make it as a comedian with those. 
 he is in now 
 i will try to leave at 3. 
 i say we get there around 2. 
 hull isn't going to make it.  his grandma passed away.  so you have to wait for me. 
 should we eat before we come over 
 i met your friend andrea this weekend 
 i met her at kenneally's on sat.  she was cute.  i am supposed to take her out on fri. 
 call me at 7138537176 
 i just heard about it 
 any time in may is fine.  i think i would go home at the end of may so if you want to go at the end of may that could work.  i am checking today to find out when grandma and grandpa will come into town.  i will let you know this week. 
 not this weekend but the following weekend.  you missed a great st. patty's day.  i have a date with some hot kappa from ut on fri. 
 A very successful energy trader parked his brand-new Mercedes in front of his office, ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out, a truck passed too close and completely tore off the door on the driver's side. The trader immediately grabbed his cell phone, dialed 911, and within minutes a policeman pulled up.  Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the energy trading icon started screaming hysterically. His Mercedes, which he had just picked up the day before, was now completely ruined and would never be the same, no matter what the body shop did to it.  When he finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief. "I can't believe how materialistic you energy traders are," he said. "You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else."  "How can you say such a thing?" asked the trader.  The cop replied, "Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down? It must have been torn off when the truck hit you."  "My God!" screamed the master trader. "Where's my Rolex?" 
 i will be out of town 
 so who wants to send me some money for this deposit.  max also left me a message that he wants to add two people to the party, does anyone know who they are? 
 i went to kenneally's.  it was a blast.  what did you do?  what have you been up to?  i haven't seen you in a while. 
 i am just giving you guys a hard time.  we can square everything in sept. 
 i didn't know she was married again.  good for her.  wednes i will be at a broker party.  this week is gas fair so i will be partying and golfing.  we need to  go out when you get in town. 
 we can square up in sept. 
 i hate this job 
 that is him 
 i hope it isn't his crack addict driver who was arrested over xmas. 
 damn.  she is fertile.  does your brother work at reliant also? 
 yeah.  i am trading gas.   i see your brother in law out in the market from time to time.  this week is going to be busy with dinners and golf.  tough life. 
 runs or robs? 
 sure. 
 free your mind and the rest will follow 
 met some girl from your hometown named ivana or something.  she works at dynegy. 
 golf lesson saturday.  she said she knew you.  black hair, short. 
 last week was ubeliveable and in two days it is all gone   my bonus will suck 
 yeah i know them.  dinner was fun. 
 what about those two? 
 i just know her from school and through you and i knew him at school.  i don't know them that well.  you going out this weekend? 
 we have been playing phone tag.  i will call her today.  i am still planning on taking her out tonight. 
 i think i told her i have great ankles and beautiful muscle definition in my thighs.  where should i go?  i was thinking el tiempo to drink some ritas. 
 what is lz's? 
 is that a good place to go for drinks afterwards or should i go somewhere else? 
 did you call me from your car while you were jamming or something?  i heard this music going and you were howling.  it is on my voicemail at work. 
 i shouldn't have erased it.  i heard that dude say your name. 
 congrats.  i hate my job. 
 you sounded like a mexican in a marriache (sp?) band.  you were rolling your r's.  i was just sitting there thinking "what the fuck?" .  you are a wild woman. 
 that is what i was thinking. 
 i don't know.  work pays for it. 
 sorry i didn't call you back on sat.  i had a date that night. 
 i downloaded some good shit off of napster.  you have got to see my list. 
 it went well.  i had a real good time.  she likes to party so we got along great. 
 please stop sending these to me.  it is embarrassing. 
 i got my new cpu and created the greatest rap mix ever.  you definately need to copy this one.  how was fishing? 
 i liked her much better than cassie.  i have 0 interest in cassie. 
 cassie is nice, but i have no interest in her.  i am taking this girl out again this week before i hit caymen. 
 no time for lunch dr. jones 
 why did you guys get all that stuff already?  you still have over a year.  is it still going to be in the caymens?  what are you doing for christmas?  i mean chuanaka? 
 i went to chili's.  i also let her have two drinks there ( i usually tell them to drink it slow b/c they are not going to get another).  then we went to 7-11, picked up some 40's and hung out in the parking lot.  it was pretty cool. 
 the dude changed my swing completely.  i am going to the range tonight if you want to go. 
 right back at you 
 is that wierd to break in to women's homes and watch them sleep?  if that is wrong i don't want to be right. 
 nothing is going on here.  i am actually going to grand cayman tomorrow for the weekend.  it should be an ok weekend.  did you go out on saturday?  i was hurting when i woke up sat morning. 
 i went to tilas and then downtown.  it was fun. 
 yeah.  a lot more.  i didn't feel like i needed to carry the conversation. who is getting married in b.r.?  michelle? 
 i didn't mean to be snippy.  i am just stressed.  how is everything going?  i am going home for a week.  i am looking foward to it. 
 are all the older people going to ask you why you aren't married yet? 
 just tell them you don't have a husband you have a "life partner" 
 how late are you working?  i have a reservation for 8:30. 
 what is going on?  i call your husband about two weeks ago and he never called me back.  i am leaving for cayman today so i will scope out the scene this weekend.  tell max to give me a call. 
 this is funny.  i just wanted to send it off to you guys before i leave to cayman.  i hope the weather is good in houston for you guys this weekend.  it is supposed to be a low of 77 and high of like 87 in cayman.  rough life. 
 i will be bumpin' to rosa parks at the beach tomorrow. 
 did you like "no asian men"? 
 i will let you know when i rub oil on her back this weekend. 
 i will try to find out this weekend when we are jet skiing. 
 mediatrip.com 
 i will have him sign the cocktail napkin. 
 let's save some money for vegas and just get him a george foreman grill. that will be about $3.50 each. 
 let me know the dates and i will come home around that.  how is everything going?  call me tonight.  i just got back from caymen yesterday. 
 just wanted to let you know i got back from cayman yesterday and it was low 77 hi 85.  it is going to rock. 
 yeah.  i will get there fri evening.  i think i am going to stay in the quarter. 
 i got the palace in n.o. for the weekend.  this is the big place w/ 2bdr and 2 bath. 
 why don't you just give him the sunglasses you kept after i let you borrow them over new years 2000. 
 i think ed sardella does that bit. 
 that shit was funny.  i even rated you on that site.  do you log in every 30 min to check your ratings. 
 no.  i had it in my back pocket and it might have dialed you.  i was at the u2 concert.  what has been going on? 
 cayman rocked.   it is such a nice place and everything was on the big e. 
 i haven't talked to her in about a week.  she bagged our date last week and we were supposed to reschedule it to this week, but i haven't heard from her.  i went to u2 w/ dynegy and sat in a luxury box.  it was so nice. 
 what is going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  are you still heading to phoenix this weekend? 
 i just went with some traders.  you have to love the gravy. 
 i know that.  i haven't had a chance to call b/c i haven't even been home.  i want to take her out again.  shhe is a lot of fun. 
 that is you dancing at sierra. 
 " i know i'm pretty but i ain't as pretty as a pair of titties" - the pimp in true romance 
 how much would i make working for a real estate developer? 
 it was great.  the weather was awesome and we did whatever we wanted and it was all on the big e.  i will give you a shout next week and we can get together then.  who are you going to phoenix with? 
 trading? located? 
 christopher walken was the guinea 
 are you going to outkast wednes?  they still have tickets at ticketmaster.com 
 it was really cool.  i am a little burned now.  what is going on? 
 those weren't my picks that were submitted. 
 looks like outkast has been cancelled tonight 
 i am going to new orleans for my friend val's bachelor party and an engagement party on sat.  what are you going to do? 
 i think i am driving.  i am going to leave fri afternoon. 
 looks like your boy gore finally bowed out.  it is about time that guy conceded the election.  why are you so stressed?  i bet that you are a stess hound.  how nice is it in florida? 
 i don't know.  i am kind of tired.  i sound like a lil bitch. 
 what happened? 
 do you know where to buy x b/c i heard she digs that.  what happened to her boyfriend. 
 is it on or not? 
 no problem. 
 that looks like my dog 
 what girl?  andrea?  we will probably get together next week. 
 i emailed her.  i will call her this weekend.  i think she left town yesterday and i haven't been home at all this week.  i have a very active social life. 
 no but i do have great legs 
 what is your ext?  i have a question about global markets.  just give me a call. 
 do you have any more funny stories 
 i think peder has a bright future if he gets drunk at work functions and drops his pants. 
 that's why we play the game 
 is your roomate sleeping one off? 
 what went on this weekend?  i am still tired from this weekend. 
 the party was fun.  it was good to see a lot of people i haven't seen in a long time.  i am just wiped out today.  i need a nap. 
 i will try.  is that wednes or thurs that you guys are going out?  i heard of a new cool place called the drink that  is near downtown. 
 i never take my stress out on other people.  new years will be great.  i think i am going to new orleans.  you will be missing me over new years. 
 i have no plans this week. 
 does everyone at work think you are gay?  i have 4 monitors and that blasted across them all and everyone was just looking at me. 
 i have no news, but we are gonna rock.  we have the rainman suite and we will have the hottest entertainment up there.  i was at a bachelor party this weekend and it was fun, but it won't compare to the one we are gonna throw for max. 
 peder was a virgin.  merlin got more? 
 let's get him all loaded and send him out on the strip naked. 
 i already read that shit 
 is this safe to open 
 is that it? 
 i think sept 6-9.  i am coming to denver in either may or july so we will iron out the final details then.  i will get the entertainment lined up for us.  i am going to vegas in two weeks and i will scout for some other shit to do. 
 i don't think they do that.  you don't want to pay someone to do that shit for you.  did your house really burn down? 
 it was no trouble.  let me know if you need anything else. 
 what about the angry dragon or the houdini? 
 i love the houdini and angry dragon. 
 you can borrow it whenever.  are you in town this weekend? 
 nothing going on here.  i went to new orleans this weekend for a bachelor party.  i am still dead.  so phoenix was nice?  i had a massage in cayman and i thought it was the best thing.  i couldn't figure out why a spa would be a good vacation until i had my massage.  give me a call when you get a chance. i will be home tonight. 
 you just sent a reply to all to everyone at enron. 
 nope 
 i need to book a jan trip to new orleans. 
 you guys win one wild card game and all of the sudden the saints are superbowl contenders. 
 no.  you are really on there. 
 we have improved our defense and our starting qb, who is better than yours, was out.  plus we will have two more stud rb's back and some new defensive personnel. 
 are you still partying tonight?  i think i am going to stay in, but i am definately up for going out tomorrow night. 
 i would love to play the saints.  as i recall we ran right through that great defense. 
 it was someone who looked like him who was acting as him.  his dad had him shipped away so he wouldn't ruin his chance at becoming the president.  i love that book except that one chapter.  i thought the book was hilarious. 
 will do.  thanks for sending these.  i appreciate it. 
 is everyone still up for going out tonight?  i am going to party like a rock star tonight.  let's hit downtown.  we don't have to try that place the drink.  how about silante's or something. 
 i think you need to do some bartender training tonight. 
 from indiana jones when the chinese kid says "no time for love dr. jones" 
 that is gonna be me this weekend 
 there is an offer to join a golf club called the houston oaks for $145/mo. there are 36 holes.  i heard it is a good couse.  it is up near 290 and hwy 6.  the only thing you pay for is a cart.  sounds like a good deal.  i heard it is a nice course.  i am thinking of getting in if anyone else is interested.  let me know today what you think. 
 the website is houstonoaksgolfclub.com.  it doesn't look that great online. check it out or ask anyone if they have played there. 
 this place is like a 45 minute drive so i am out. 
  this is a funny video.  hopefully you can open it up.  i have some other good stuff also.  are you going to go out tonight?  i think i am heading to silantes.  send me some funny stuff and i will give you a call later.  - FingerPig.avi 
 the real victor was the one in europe not the law student.  the law student was the replacement victor.  that is the guy they got to act as victor so he wouldn't ruin his dad's chances at pres.  great book.  what is going on for easter? 
 check out chad's name in this thing 
 i almost sent you that one.  that is hilarious.  that is what i dressed up as one year for halloween. 
 look harder.  it is a funny picture.  i think you had a 4.7 avg. 
 no thanks.  what aabout the happy hour with the hottie? 
 the law student was the replacement b/c the real one was such a fuck up. sorry i didn't call you guys back last  night.  i didn't get home until 8 and the sopranos was on. 
 i will be in vegas.  send her my regards. 
 i felt fine.  i was just tired but i didn't feel bad.  my golf game sucks but that is b/c i have a new golf swing after my lesson a couple of weeks ago. this swing is going to take me  to the next level.  i think if trading doesn't work out i will have something to fall back on. 
 you didn't think that was funny?  do i need to explain that one? 
 that was great.  that is as funny as i get. 
 you weren't on there. if you were i am sure you would be a 10. 
 congrats.  that is good news.  what else is going on. 
 ditto.  work is it.  i am going to vegas this weekend, so i got that going for me. 
 why not?  you don't like those things?  you get penis straws and everything. 
 i am going with work.  another boondoggle. 
 i am at the venitian.  i am going to stay in the rainman suite.  should be a good time.  i can load up and get some hookers and just have an old fashioned good time.  it is a good stress relief. 
 i am just kidding.  i wouldn't ever pay for it.  anyway i am going with people from work so it woulnd't look to good if i was bringing hookers into my room. 
 just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me. 
 i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon" 
 did you take his v-card?  i don't think i ever dated one.  i like my women fast. 
 why are you staying with her parents?  won't that kill some of your fun?  how good was the deal? 
 got to work dude 
 oh yeah.  he doesn't sound like a lot of fun - if you catch my drift.  what are you guys doing for the bachelorette party?  if you need entertainment i might be for hire.  i would totally give those chicks a thrill. 
 if i could get a guaranteed contract plus tips i would skip the trip. remember how great my legs would look dancing all over the chicks. 
 i thought that you said you were sharing a suite with them.  thanks for the pics. 
 1400 smith st. houston, tx 77002-7361 
 i have to hold off until vegas.  my liver is sore from this past weekend.  i have to go home and nurse it at night. 
 shooters. 
 are you going out tonight or something?  i think chad has a good opp in austin.  now i have somewhere to stay when i go to austin every other weekend.  i did have a good date the other night.  i haven't spoke with her since so i don't know if i am going out with her or not tonight. 
 for easter i just stayed in town and golfed all weekend?  what did you do? did you go to central and regulate some punks.  what are you doing this weekend?  i am going to vegas.  i haven't been home at all this month except for last weekend.  i have to go to buttfuck mississippi next weekend for a wedding. 
 val is getting married there.  his fiance, celeste, is from there. mississippi is so cool. 
 i got your jacket from bass 
 means you got a lot of ammo 
 nevermind 
 i haven't watched them at all.  every time i try to watch hockey they are not on.   i am gonna watch their next series.  who are they gonna play? 
 i don't remember the bet 
 are you hurting this morning?  my lifestyle has to change within the next 5 years or i will be dead. 
 i feel like a champ today 
 your past few months have been just as bad.  at least i didn't close uropa b/c i was puking in the bathroom. 
 is your dad ok?  what is hines?  is that a development firm?  i just didn't call her last night.  you can't call them the next night.  that looks pathetic if you do.  this way she can sit around and think about me for a day.  she is a cool chick.  nice, cute sorority chick.  well let me know if you go out. 
 i don't remember half of that night, but i do remember you in the bathroom. sierra is fun on wednesdays isn't it? 
 by the way, my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday. 
 who is better for the avs to play?  what has been going on in denver? 
 should be 7.20. 
 i hate notre dame.  tim, i need to get down to your office today. 
 maybe i will come home the 16th of may.  let me see and i will get back to you. 
 i can't come the last week b/c of work.  that is when prices get set for next month gas.  it is a very busy week and there is no way for me to get out of it.  when are grandma and grandpa coming? 
 are you on crutches 
 i don't understand that last email 
 if it is real estate development i would like to look into it.  let me know. i want to see what type of work it is. 
 i think the best guy to contact is a guy named ted bland or karen buckley.  i think he heads up the trading track program.  this is the best way to get into trading now.  you have to do 3 6mo. rotations in different trading support roles.  contact him and he should be able to get you more info.  hope that helps you out. 
 it is so good to finally get one of these state of the unions again.  i don't know if i can speak for everyone, but i sure have missed it.    it is just good to read all the smart, witty humor again.  i especially thought the part about screaming "who let the dogs out" was quite funny.  it makes it especially funny b/c the employees play along instead of yelling out "shut up nerd".   as most of you know chad and i no longer live together.  it was real tough to see him go b/c we are pretty close, but not as close as maziarz and i evidently are.  but every now and then i still get reminders that i used to live with chad  like the other day when i was vacuming.  i decided to vacum behind the couch b/c i had never cleand back there.  when i looked behind the couch the floor was littered with about 50 toenails.    at first i was pretty freaked out and i was thinking how could these toenails possibly get here? but then i remembered i use to live with chad and he had a nasty habit of pulling off his toenails.  i should have figured that he didn't dispose of them properly.  it is good to see that chad has figured out how to use the email system again.  last week enron sent out a company wide email and our boy chad replied back to the whole company.  i felt pretty embarrassed for him after he sent the first reply, but went he replied to the whole company a second time i just thought that he was an idiot.  now he will be known as the guy who replied not once but twice to a company wide email.  well, i sure am looking foward to the next state of the union.  i know i will since i am going to vegas to spend all my money at the strip clubs.   MFL 
 nope.  we talked a couple of times and tenatively planned to go out, but last time i called she didn't call back.  she sounded like she has a situation w/ her ex or she just might not like me.  that is hard to belive though. 
 how was mitch's bday? 
 i didn't get thrown out of a casino.  i had to leave this bar b/c they over charged us by $300 so i argued w/ the manager and he said i had to leave.  i was pissed, but i didn't get physically removed or anything.  these guys at this club tried to rip us off and i was pissed.   i didn't out do my birthday either.  we drank a lot but it was over long periods of time.  it wasn't like on my birthday when we just slammed everything as fast as we could. 
 did you talk to her recently or something?  i have been out of time a lot this month.  i went to vegas this weekend and i feel like shit now.  i had fun with her, but i really didn't hear too much from her so i  just took it as an indication. 
 did you get a stripper? 
 that is nasty 
 i got a few of them.  i have a rash now in my lap. 
 you should see the rash 
 ho w have you been?  i haven't been up to much just going out and stuff.  are you going home for the holidays?  i am heading to denver this weekend and will be there through next week.  what are you doing over new years? 
 it isn't oozing, just itching.  it was worth every penny.  i think this hooker really liked me. 
 thanks.  i heard boone was in rare form though.  i am dead tired right now. 
 i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi.  i am not looking foward to that but don't tell val.  the following weekend i will be ready to rock. 
 i don't know but i don't want to make it.  i just want to stay home. 
 tim should have it.  so are you getting nervous.  vegas rocked.  what time does the wedding start and how long of a drive is it?  i bet you're nervous. let me know if we need to keep  a car running out front. 
 i am glad to hear it.  it is  ok, it isn't like i need the money or anything.  how was your date? 
 did you get her to sign a service contract?  i won about $700 
 thanks for that email.  i just opened it and everyone say that shoot across all 4 screens of mine.  i will talk to you later b/c i have to go up to hr now. 
 no. i like the rockets a lot, but not as much as the nuggets.  i will be home on fri. 
 oops i did it again 
 what time are you going to get into town? 
 what happened to the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again this year? 
 we might go get some food and spirits after work if you are interested.  i am going to butt-fuck mississippi for val's wedding.  i will be in town the rest of the month so i am ready to start tearing up houston again.  let me know if you are up for drinks after work. 
 just call me on my cell phone.  i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink. 
 there is a band?  what is going on this weekend? 
 let me know when you want to go out.  i can go out any night. 
 did they look lazy?  they always seem over-confident. 
 sounds fun.  i think i am going to go out there at lunch and get some dancing in. 
 i am heading to new orleans for new years.  chad actually went home for the holidays and is moving to austin at the beginning of the year for a govt rotation for enron. 
 i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch. 
 what is your cell number again 
 you didn't send the number.  just call me on mine @ 7138258410.  i am thinking tealas and sitting out on the porch. 
 that is disgusting.  watch for me i will be the one dancing like a maniac. 
 430 is good 
 what are you going to dc for? 
 do you know those girls? 
 i was going to come home this weekend if you knew them.  we would have to set up a service contract with those chicks. 
 you just know b/c you saw the movie.   didn't you ever see indiana jones? 
 i will try to talk with mike later this week.  is he in development or accounting?  thanks for calling him for me. 
 what is shawn's cell phone number?  he was supposed to stay at my place last night and he didn't show up. 
 yeah baby.  i was there two weeks ago and there were hotties everywhere.  i am going to come home in the early part of july and we will figure out the final details. 
 i found a bunch of tickets to fargo.  most run through minneapolis.  the cheapest is $432.  the earliest arrives at 12:30 and they have one at 2, 3, 5.  let me know what you guys have and i will coordinate the times accordingly. 
 those were pretty good.  how is everything in phoenix?  it looks hot. 
 it was supposed to have some pics 
 i am going to try to rent out my place and get another hopefully. 
 did you like the blond with the white sweater? 
 shawn is in town tonight and wants to get a bite to eat if you are up for it. 
 i will let you know.  i need to run after work. 
 email me back or just give me a call tonight. 
 what are you doing at work so early?  i am already pumped to go out this weekend.  fri was bad for susan and eric.  they were the only one doing shots.  everyone else was fairly sober and just hanging out.  it was pretty discusting.  let's hit the town this weekend.  maybe even thurs.  how was dc?  i heard that place is a blast. 
 i heard dc is fun.  i don't care what we do.  we were talking about going to boone's sat and hang out on his porch and drink before we go out.  i think he has a patio in his backyard. 
 what is it.  i got to know.  i need some new chicks.  i need the weekend. today totally sucks.  what are some good books to read? 
 no, but i saw that they won tonight.  it was close.  is sakic going to be ok? 
 i thought you were going to say you thought of the witty comeback the next morning when you both woke up. 
 this is for mom  i just want some clothes from polo.  or some colonge from polo - called polo sport.  what do you want? 
 i bought my ticket.  i arrive on that saturday @ 12:20pm.  i will email grandma. 
 hey grandma.  how is it going?  i just purchased my ticket for grand forks today.   i get in on saturday the 9th @ 12:20pm.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone.  love matt 
 what is grandma's email address? 
 i just ordered my ticket about 5 minutes ago.  i arrive in fargo on the 9th at 12:20 pm.  the ticket was $430.  i am looking foward to seeing everyone. i think it will be fun.  i am going to bring my clubs.  i have a new golf swing after a lesson i took a few weeks ago.  hope all is well.  thanks for picking up the bill for my ticket.  i really appreciate it.  love matt 
 i hope this isn't a pic of a naked old man again.  what has been going on?  i haven't heard from you in a while. 
 you didn't have fun at the small town wedding?    i had to go to one in mississippi this weekend.  it was actually fun.   vegas was two weekends ago.  that was a blast.  work covered everything so i lived like a rock star that weekend.  where are you moving?  maybe we can get drinks or something this week. 
 did they look good or lucky to win?  how is roy playing? 
 you said the line worked well and when i first started reading that i was like "hey now!".  you never know.  you could be a wild woman on vacation if you never have to see those people again. 
 why would you shoot yourself?  chicks go home with guys all the time. 
 how long do you have your lease at midtown? 
 how was your wedding? 
 i went to val's wedding.  it was a blast.  how did a wedding get busted by the cops?  what type of people went to this thing? 
 next week is good for me.  let 's just go get a drink after work or something.  who is your new roommate going to be? that sucks you have to waste a saturday moving. 
 this is still my email.  what is going on?  how is your business doing? 
 i think i met a few of your friends that night, but i don't remember who is who.  it seems like such a long time ago. any time is good for me next week. let's get together on tuesday?  let me know if that is good for you. 
 nice.  i knew that would be a better choice.  saturday night is on dog.  we are going to golf sat also if you are in.  let me know.  tee time is at 11. 
 745 sucks.  we will hit it sat night. 
 that was a mistake.  i don't know what i was thinking.  i need to stay home. 
 i cannot go to denver the last week of may b/c i have to be here for work. the last week is when we set gas prices for the next month.  i think the best thing for me to do is come to phoenix one weekend.  i have been golfing lately.  i got a lesson and the teacher gave me a new swing.  i am kind of struggling with it now.  i think it will take me to the next level.  i will try to call you and grandma this weekend.  matt 
 you staying warm up there?  looks like the wind chill is sub 30.  what do you and billie have planned for the holidays?  i am heading home on friday.  i am looking foward to getting home.  hopefully the weather wont be too cold. well i just wanted to say hello.  talk to you soon.  matt 
 he went home already.  we went to dinner mon & tues.  i am just going to chill this week and party on saturday, maybe even friday a little.  are you going out tomorrow? 
 enron would probably do something like this, but i think you need to contact that charity group.  they might already have a team.  it is good to see that you are such a philanthropist. 
 you going to golf or go play ultimate dork frisbee? 
 i have a tee time for sat @ 11.  let me know if you think you can play today.  the course is sienna plantation. 
 saturday is definately on.  fri i am up for whatever.  maybe happy hour and turn in before 2am for once. 
 Coach Jim Haslett had put together the perfect New Orleans Saints team. The only thing he was missing was a good quarterback.  He had scouted all the colleges, and even the high schools, but he couldn't find a ringer quarterback who could ensure a Super Bowl win.  Then one night, while watching CNN, he saw a war-zone scene in Bosnia. In one corner of the screen, he spotted a young Bosnian soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand grenade straight into a 15th-story window 200 yards away --ka-boom!  "I've got to get this guy!"  Haslett said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings the kid to the New Orleans and teaches him the great game of football, and the Saints go on to win the Super Bowl for the first time in history.  The young Bosnian is "canonized" as the Great Hero of football, and when Haslett asks him what he wants, all the young man wants to do is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl." "I don't want to talk to you," the old woman says. "You deserted us.  You are not my son." "I don't think you understand, Mother!" the young man pleads. "I just won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No, let me tell you," the mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives yesterday, and today your sister was kidnapped in broad daylight." The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says " ...I'll never forgive you for making us move to New Orleans." 
 > Two buddies, Tony and Steve, are getting very drunk  > at a bar  > when suddenly Steve throws up all over himself. "Oh,  > no. Now Jane will  > kill me!"  Steve says.  >  >  Tony says, "Don't worry, pal. Just tuck a twenty in  > your breast  >  pocket, tell Jane that someone threw up on you and  > gave you twenty dollars  > for the dry cleaning bill."  >  >  So they stay for another couple of hours and get  > even drunker.  >  >  Eventually Steve rolls into home and his Jane  > starts to give him  > a bad time. "You reek of alcohol and you've puked  > all over yourself! My  > God, you're disgusting!"  >  >  Speaking very carefully so as not to slur, Steve  > says,  >  "Nowainaminit,  >  I can e'splain everything! Itsh not what you think.  > I only had a  > couple drinks. But this other guy got sick on me...  > he'd had one too many  > and he just couldn't hold his liquor. He said he was  > very sorry an' gave  > me twenty bucks for the cleaning bill!"  >  >  Jane looks in the breast pocket and says, "But this  > is forty bucks."  >  > "Oh, yeah... I almos' forgot, he shit in my pants,  > too." 
 he is a winner.  kansas might turn into a 6 win a year program with cooper there. 
 yeah.  i think they will go to the rose bowl. 
 look for some gifts i sent home for lori, mckenna and grandma.  they should get there before friday.  if not let me know.  i got mckenna something from etoys and i heard they are having some problems.  their stock dropped to $0.28 yesterday from $82 last year so i don't know if they even care anymore.  see you this weekend. 
 the joke reminds everyone of suzy b/c she drinks a lot. 
 rohan davey 
 you better be able to golf tomorrow. 
 you obviously haven't seen my new swing.  you need to be on your best game to take my title. 
 totally 
 i bet your teeth are on strike too b/c all the bile in your stomach is eating them up after you threw up for 2 hours 
 all i know is we can never go back to teala's.  i don't want to get banned at front porch also SUSAN! 
 especially since boone bought some weed from the waiter 
 susan forgot to reply to all.  i think this was directed at you bass.   susan said: why the heck am I getting all the crap on this one....I'm not the one who came back to the table with puke on myself. 
 tell grandma i can't wait to hear her sing. 
 what about when he was gargaling puke trying to say " i am a trader at enron" 
 i think we should wait in line at the grasshopper next time so we don't waste our night.  we will know for next weekend. 
 what is up with the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again? 
 how was moving this weekend?  did you still want to get a drink after work tomorrow? 
 this is their last hope 
 how was happy hour?  i was golfing when you called and i didn't get the message until late. 
 if they don't win i read that they are going to break up the team 
 they have to be worried about you in ebs if you come in to work hung over on mondays 
 it is a good work out for you to move up 3 flights of stairs.  did you move it all yourself or pay someone to do it?   mi luna is good for me tomorrow. i love their ritas.  how about we go around 7.  i can pick you up or just meet you there if you are going straight from work. 
 we have diff # for jp.  as of 12/17 we have a bal of 11.346 in jp. 
 6:30 is fine with me.  i will meet you at the bar. 
 have you guys reserved a room for caymen yet?   i heard the comfort suites is where everyone is staying.  let me know if you guys just want to load everyone up in one room like back in high school. 
 comfort suites is like $800 total for 4 nights.  cheap as it gets down there.  i was just thinking we would all pile in and save some money.  only condition is that ryan doesn't go on a booze cruise and piss on himself. 
 i think they sell tickets for that dude's concert at the hollywood food store around the corner from my house. 
 that actually works out better for me.  i will meet you at mi luna at 7. that is the place in the village correct? 
 that is right.  i was looking at our operations group numbers which are incorrect. 
 i think they have two rooms with two double beds in each.  jen knows the details, but i heard we need to make reservations within the next week. 
 7:30 is good. 
 let me know what is up after you speak with her 
 did you call my cell last night? 
 he is a mo 
 i don't have it, but shoot him an email and he will give you a call. 
 i spoke with him this weekend and the place he mentioned was comfort suites. it would be $200/each for the whole week if 4 were in a room.  a condo would most likely be more expensive. 
 jen has a lot of cougar friends who will be ready to party. 
 we sold this gas for these volumes to ees for index +0.16. 
 hell yeah dog!  they betta be ready to get up on deez nuts. 
 oy vey 
 i was going to talk about all the dope he used to do and how he used to wear make up in middle school. 
 >"You Were an Accident!" > > > > > >"Strangers Have the Best Candy" > > > > > >"The Little Sissy Who Snitched" > > > > > >"Some Kittens Can Fly!" > > > > > >"Getting More Chocolate on Your Face" > > > > > >"Where Would You Like to Be Buried?" > > > > > >"Kathy Was So Bad Her Mom Stopped Loving Her" > > > > > >"The Attention Deficit Disorder Association's Book of Wild Animals of > > >North Amer... Hey!  Let's Go Ride Our Bikes!" > > > > > >"All Dogs Go to Hell!" > > > > > >"The Kids' Guide to Hitchhiking" > > > > > >"When Mommy and Daddy Don't Know the Answer They Say 'God Did It'" > > > > > >"Garfield Gets Feline Leukemia" > > > > > >"What Is That Dog Doing to That Other Dog?" > > > > > >"Why Can't Mr. Fork and Ms. Electrical Outlet Be Friends?" > > > > > >"Bi-Curious George" > > > > > >"Daddy Drinks Because You Cry" > > > > > >"Mister Policeman Eats His Service Revolver" > > > > > >"You Are Different and That's Bad" > > > > > >"Dad's New Wife... Timothy" > > > > > >"Pop!  Goes The Hamster (and Other Great Microwave Games)" > > > > > >"Testing Homemade Parachutes With Nothing At All But Your Household > > Pets" > > > > > >"The Hardy Boys, the Barbie Twins and the Vice Squad" > > > > > >"The Tickling Babysitter" > > > > > >"Babar Meets the Taxidermist" > > > > > >"Curious George and the High-Voltage Fence" > > > > > >"The Boy Who Died from Eating All His Vegetables" > > > > > >"Start a Real-Estate Empire With the Change From Your Mom's Purse" > > > > > >"The Pop-up Book of Human Anatomy" > > > > > >"Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will!" > > > > > >"The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and are Shot Dead" > > > > > >"How to Become The Dominant Military Power In Your Elementary School" > > > > > >"Controlling the playground: Respect through Fear" > > > 
 thanks for the thank you note  asshole 
 i heard there are a lot of hot cougars at changs 
 remember that shirley sent this to me.  it is funny but gross. 
 how was hawaii dog?  did you leave the room? 
 are you guys going to send something special?  how about some stripper's panties from the bachelor party?  any news on caymen rooms? 
