live in an apartment (almost all recent college graduates).  Considering the intentions of the program were to bring high technology into every employee's household, neglecting those that live in an apartment would make the program a failure in my opinion.  I would appreciate a more detailed response.  Thank you,  Andy 
 To whom it may concern:  I am disappointed by the lack of internet options.  For someone like myself that lives in an apartment, it looks like it will be impossible to get high speed internet access.  Perhaps you would consider cutting a deal with OpTel, since they provide high speed internet access to every apartment in Houston.  Thank you for time,  Andy 
 Diem,  I am forwarding this website to you before it gets purged from my e-mail again.  Let me know what you think about it.  Andy 
 To whom it may concern:  First, why does the Dell public website have more choices for upgrades then the Enron website?  For example, the website available to the public has a 19" monitor (M991) for an extra $140.  Second, why is Dell charging Enron employees more for the same products it offers to the general public?  For example, the website available to the public allows an upgrade from the E770 monitor to the P991 monitor for $290. The Enron website allows an upgrade from the E770 monitor to the P991 monitor for $400.  Therefore, Enron employees are being charged an extra $110 for the same upgrade.  I look forward to your response.  Andy 3-6278 
 Hey,  How was your Christmas?  Did you guys get hammered with snow and ice?  My vacation was very relaxing, and I managed to leave just before the real cold weather set in.  It also looks like I'm going to miss the biggest snow storm of the winter by about five days.  I'm still not sure what I am going to do for New Year's eve.  It's been so busy this week that I haven't had time to talk to any of my friends.  If you hear of anything let me know.  Anyway, since the Nymex closed at Noon, I think I am going to get the heck outta here.  Talk to you later.  Andy 
 Hey Eva,  Sorry for the delay, but it has been absolutely nuts lately.  I think the smallest move we have had in the last 2 weeks was 30 cents.  Not to mention 8 of the days were close to or more than $1.00.  Luckily, most of us have been on the right side through all this.  And lest I forget about basis.  Demarc, Vent, Chicago all up 70 cents.  And PEPL basis trading as high as plus 25 cents.  Anyway, I am taking a much deserved vacation.  I will be flying to Boston tomorrow and coming back on Christmas.  I am looking forward to just hanging out with the family and spending time with my nephew.  Let me know if you are going to be in Boston during this time. My cell phone number is 713-306-0760.  On a completely different note, we finally got your postcard from Peru. Sorry to hear about the backpack fiasco, but it sounds like you had an incredible. time.  Looks like its about time to get outta here.  Lots of laundry and packing to do.   - Big Lew 
 I received an e-mail earlier stating that I was to be included in the second pilot along with Martin Cuilla and several other members of the Central Desk.  Recently, Martin received a second e-mail asking him to accept an invitation to the program.  Since the deadline for this application is tomorrow, and I have yet to receive this e-mail, I would appreciate you contacting me by phone in order to verify my inclusion.  Andy 3-6278 
 We finally got your postcards this week.  Sandra was excited to receive them. It sounds like your having a blast in Asia.  I have always wanted to visit that part of the world.  I have some friends that are moving to London in January, so I guess that will have to be the first trip I take.  On a different note, this wednesday was a bit like a stick in the eye. However, there's always next week.  Robin's last name is now Zivic, so her new handle is Rhonda Zivic (Honda Civic).  That's it for now.  E.B. 
 Hey Eva,  We got two postcards so far. Sandra was pretty excited.  She said to tell you that she looks forward to the next batch. It sounds like your having a great time in Asia.  I have always wanted to visit that part of the world. 
 Hey Eva,  Got your message, was waiting for you to write more.  I'll have to check with Sandra, but I haven't heard her say if she got your postcards.  Robin came back from her honeymoon and you can't tell when she's blushing she's so red.  The last two AGA's have been great.  One was a 40 cent move and the other was 20 cents (what's better than Wednesdays?).  That's it for now.  Must go see Suey.  - Big Lew 
 What do you mean we're not working hard enough?  You're the one that is never in the office when I call.  Not to mention all those stories Nicole told me about you partying it up in San Francisco.  You know what they say:  All play and no work out west makes the stock price go south.   Andy 
 Hey,  It has been awfully busy now that I'm managing both Gas Daily and Mid-continent Basis.  Luckily, the market has settled down and given me a chance to get up to speed.  Needless to say, I haven't been to any happy hours either.  I did get to go to an Astros game with Natsource a few weeks ago, however.  If I hear of anything I will let you know.  Anyway, looks like it's about quitting time.   - Andy  P.S.  Feel free to call me direct anytime for quotes. 
