million gross margin.  Two other examples for 11 months each will generate an additional combined $1.5 million.  Hopefully this will justify our need for this system.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
 FYI... 
 I will be taking Vacation this afternoon.  Thanks. 
 Count me in for either Monday or Tuesday.  Thanks! 
 Icon Names:  Quick Reference, Training, Support Services, T&E Guidelines, Contact Us.  Thanks. 
 Please review and approve.  Thanks! 
 EOG interconnect is finishing this week and will be in service by this weekend.  It will initially flow 8-10000/day and will increase to over 15000. 
 In an effort to bring incremental revenue for our pipeline, I researched outstanding invoices generated from facility interconnects, etc. Transwestern currently has no outstanding dollars to collect.  However, there appears to be $600,000 that can be collected on Northern Natural in addition to $250,000 that was written off.  Attached are the spreadsheets from Accounts Receivable. 
 Do you know  about the variable costs?  I don't think any of the Park and Rides have ever been analyzed in Deal Profitability?!?! 
 Please approve. 
 Key bullets for 2000 accomplishments and 2001 goals:  Executed firm transport contract with Oneok at maximum rate for California deliveries.  Contract also includes provision for Marketing Fee if contract is ever released above max rate. Completed new interconnect with EOG for additional 15,000/day.  Potential opportunity for future transport agreement. Settled dispute with Burlington involving volume commitments under various pipeline pressures. Working with SPS and ePrime on potential power plant interconnect. Working as liaison with programmers to enhance Deal Profitability system. Working with Accounts Receivable to resolve outstanding reimbursable projects. 
 See below.... 
 FYI...since you guys weren't on the distribution list. 
 Conoco, Burlington, and Oneok have all expressed an interest in participating in the Open Season... 
 FYI...we did it!  Over the first 6 days, they averaged over 25,000. 
 I'm sorry!  I was out of the office for a memorial service on Friday, November 10.  How do I write that off?  FYI, I will be in all this week (Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday).   Thanks. 
 FYI. 
 I am free any of these days...my preference is either Thursday or Friday! 
 Market Services are the schedulers (Cynthia, Amy, Burt, Linda Ward, Terry, etc.)...how about Contract Administration (Elizabeth Brown, Dale Eldridge)? 
 Got them.  They're beautiful...thanks! 
 If you're ordering from Corporate Express, this might help you.   Weekly #AAG21952, Monthly #AAG21904.  I couldn't tell from the picture if they were blue, though.  Can you verify? 
 OK.  Mine is updated...FYI, I had to still use the U versus N drive! 
 Revenue Generating: Executed firm transport contract with Oneok at max tariff rate for California deliveries; generating $2.7 million in revenue.  Included was a sharing mechanism providing an opportunity to generate market based transport. Completed new facility interconnect with EOG for additional 35,000/day of supply on east end of system. Executed pooling agreement with Cima Energy to become a new customer on Transwestern, providing 5-10,000/day of incremental supply on TW's system.  Non-Revenue: Settled dispute with Burlington that could have cost $3 million dollars; negotiated potential damages down to $100,000 and eliminating future potential dollar exposure. Worked with Accounts Receivable to identify outstanding facility invoices. Located over $600,000 on Northern. Worked as liaison with programmers to enhance Deal Profitability system. System now is also linked with the Risk Management System with weekly basis quote feed to ensure more real time data. 
 Count me in... 
 The numbers look good! 
 I was out the afternoon of Tuesday, November 28.  Thanks. 
 Sure, let's talk. 
 Two contract's ROFR notification expired this week (11/30/2000).  These contracts will terminate next year 11/30/2001.  Burlington with 15000 Ignacio to Blanco and PG&E with 20000 Blanco to EOT. Eprime signed a 50000/day park and ride agreement effective 12/01/2000. Current posted rates are at max of .3883. Invoices are going out next week.  Included is the Burlington credit of $83000 in prior period adjustments. 
 Sorry I wasn't here for your email last Friday...I try to leave by 4:30!!! Yes, let's allget together soon...call me!  Jim and I did see some movies lately:  Men of Honor with Cuba Wadding Jr was a good tear jerker, Charlie's Angel was humorous because we weren't expecting much, and Bedazzled brought us back down to earth.  I would recommend all three!  Meghan got some DVD's and her two favorite that she watches every night are Toy Story 2 and Little Mermaid 2...have your girls seen either one? 
 What do you think?  If we forward this, I think this needs to be cleaned up. 
 FYI... 
 Holiday Party at The Museum of Fine Arts Houston invites all Enron employees to the 14th Annual Corporate Partners Holiday the MFA! Party to celebrate the partnership of business and the arts.  Stroll through exhibitions, sample a selection of delicious desserts, and enjoy festive holiday entertainment with your family.  Create your own holiday craft and have a keepsake photograph taken of you and your family!  RSVP at 713-639-7585 and mark your calendars for:  Tuesday, December 12 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. The Museum of Fine Arts - Caroline Wiess Law Building 1001 Bissonnet 
 Offered ePrime FT.....5 cents East to East (ie, Tumbleweed and Oasis) with alternate firm to Needles at Permian-SoCal Gas Daily differential less fuel, then splitting profits TW 75% and ePrime 25%. Working with Bob Burleson with SPS power plant connection.  Offered ePrime (the gas managers and affiliate of SPS) a .03 cent transport rate from Oasis to the new proposed interconnect (Panhandle leg) in exchange for volume commitment of 3 bcfs over 5 years.  ePrime is planning on using the transport for loads during the 4 peaking summer months. Analyzed West flow transport contracts for future expiration dates without ROFR extentions.  Putting together list of details for solicitation, allowing us to sell and hedge higher transport rates and taking advantage of current market spreads 
