 knew these amendments would be required.  Also,  I don't know whether all of the Red Rock contracts require the receipt point amendments or only some of the agreements.  My  thoughts would be to amend as little as necessary.  -  Teb 
 At a meeting held 2-3 weeks ago, it was decided that the P&C Agreements modified the terms of the base contracts and that separate rate amendments were not required.  I believe this was the consensus of the attendees in both Omaha and Houston.  Steve, Greg and others attended via videoconference in Omaha. 
 We must be able at all times to fulfill our firm obligations through Station 6.  We do not have the option of reducing our certificated capacity without filing an abandonment at the FERC in which we would have to demonstrate that the abandonment would not impair our abilities to meet our firm obligations. 
 I am not good at filing out forms online but please add my name to those supporting Alice for the Chairman's Award. 
 Thanks!  I haven't seen this yet.  -  Teb 
 The imbalance becomes part of thecumulative imbalance subject to book-out/cash-out.  The alert day imbalances are treated differently - the alert day imbalances are settled at 200% of the high (weekly) index for overburns on an overage alert day and 50% of the low ( weekly) index for underburns on an underage alert day. 
 Is the intent that this will be a negotiated rate?  If not,  do we need to add language that the discounted rate will be between max and min rates?  All else looks fine. --  Teb 
 I will bring you changes to the attachment. 
 Lisa-  Insert at end of action plan in second block:  The ability to provide PNR services is contingent on FGT's operating conditions at the time (current line pack,  OBA imbalances and fuel retention) and the price received is a function of market conditions at the time.  Thanks,  Teb 
 Regulatory approval for ordering of materials and preliminary activities only.  Not approved for any ground disturbing activities. 
 Looks fine to me. 
 I have your shirt and will deliver it tomorrow morning.  Thanks! 
 I will attend.  Thanks,  Teb 
 I got your telephone and e-mail.  I think 3% is the right amount. Gotta run - have a great day! Talk to you tonite.  Love,  Teb 
 This is the Texas Monthly article on Enron. 
 OK 
 ECS is technically part of the bankruptcy filing.  We are looking at our options in case ECS can't perform. 
 I agree. 
 Please add Blair Lichtenwalter to all Sun Devil distribution lists.  Thanks,  Teb 
 Kim gave this e-mail address to Debbie who forwarded it to me.  Just checking in to let you know you and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.  We are happy you have arrived - things must be going fairly smoothly.  I'm thinking that its a good thing that you got all of the negative experiences out of the way before your trip.  Everything can go well from now on.  I'm sure Kim and Chad will be glad when their ladies return from their adventure and things can get back to just the usual crises.  Rob, Steve, Blair, Christi, and Zelda all send their prayers and best wishes - I'm assuming Debbie will send you an e-mail also (she is off today).  Stay warm and safe  and come back soon!  --  Teb 
 I'm doing fine.  We can't control all events external to ourselves but we can control our responses to the external events.  We all - especially those who still have jobs - have much to be thankful for and I truly am thankful for all my blessings.  Merry Christmas to you and your family.  -  Teb 
 Just talked to Debbie and she told me about the 2 week waiting period after the proceeding you are trying to get waived.  However it turns out, the end is in sight.  Everyone is still keeping you, Alina, Kim and Chad in their thoughts and prayers.  We can't wait to meet Alina in person, hopefully sometime shortly after the first of the year you can bring her up.  If she needs time to get acclimated before encountering downtown Houston and meeting new people we will understand.  I hope your various ailments are healed, or at least getting better.  Debbie talks to your Mom and Kim periodically, but we enjoy your e-mails when you get a chance.  Hang in there and you will soon be back telling many stories of your adventure.  --  Teb 
 Got it. 
 I do not believe we can make a single point a division in this case.  There is a definition of division on sheet no. 102B which seems to say a point must be interconnected with other points to be a division.  I know we treat single points as divisions in certain other contracts, but I believe these were set up prior to 11/2/92 and are "grandfathered". I also don't believe we are obligated - or able - to extend Sec. 11 rights to new points.  Frazier, what's your reading of this? 
 He can net imbalances together by "booking out" the imbalance of one entity with the imbalance of the other entity.  In other words,  do a book-out with himself.  This can be done without adding the single point as a division to an existing divisional contract. 
 Rob - What format should this be in? 
 A backhaul capacity lease was proposed in the multi-party Mobile Bay projects and FERC did not seem to have any philosophical problems with the concept.  I will defer the second question to the real lawyers. 
 I cannot see a Time Approval on the screen I get when I log on.  I thought I had approved all time reports for Jeanette Doll.  Please advise. 
 We will never negotiate with toaster terrorists!  We will eat raw bread forever rather than turn over a single sheet of paper - or even a single chad - to those who would resort to such extortion.  If we give in now, we will only encourage such acts in the future.  First our microwaves, then our filtered water dispenser, then our refrigerators will become targets of these evil doers.  Rather, we will hunt down those responsible for this dastardly act, and bring them to justice or justice to them.  We will also go after any department supporting the evil doers as well as anyone who partakes of bread (or Eggos or pop tarts) toasted in the purloined appliance!  EPLF -- you're TOAST!!!!!   Small Appliance Defenders In Support of Toasters  (SADIST) 
 Are these codes still ok?  If so, please respond to Liz Legros.  I will respond re end date. 
 Jeanette is still on assignment and will remain so indefinitely.  Debbie Thompson will respond regarding the coding.  -  Teb 
 Our plans are to continue to use Jeanette as long as we are authorized to do so.  We recently sent a justification for keeping her indefinitely, but, as yet, have not heard anything back.  I can not give an end date because I have no plans to end the arrangement.  If we are forced to terminate this arrangement with Jeanette, we would have to add at least 1 full time position and the quality of our service would suffer greatly.  Please advise Rob Kilmer and myself of the steps we need to take to continue to use Jeanette indefinitely.  Her assignment is not related to a specific project but is to provide ongoing regulatory support to the Transwestern pipeline. 
 To EPLF and its sympathizers:   Unless the toaster is returned immediately,= SADIST will commence an escalating series of  actions designed to bring al= l such terrorists to their knees.  We realize there may be some collateral = damage, and for this we are truly sorry.  But we must end toaster terror fo= rever.  Beginning at 0900 hours on 10 January 2002, SADIST will commence th= e following series of actions (each subsequent action will commence 2 hours= after the preceeding sanction): 1. All deliveries of new business cards will be suspended 2. Napkins and paper towels will be removed from the kitchens 3. Post-it notes will be confiscated from all locations 4. Paper towels will be removed from all bathrooms 5. Toilet paper will be removed from all bathrooms ( Enron stock certificat= es will be issued for humanitarian reasons)  If the toaster still has not been returned, SADIST will be forced to remove= all COFFEE FILTERS from the building, including the Energizer and Plaza Ja= va.  Do not doubt our will to use this ultimate weapon, after all we are SA= DIST. =20 
 Amen! 
 Amy & Julie - I have sold my house and will be moving to an apt. near Kirby & W. Alabama before the end of the month.  I  am in the process of packing up my house and have several other obligations this weekend so I will not be able to arrange for the newsletter distribution.  I believe I gave Amy a list of the distributors - Deanna will not be able to continue and Martha and Pat have indicated they would like some relief also.  On the positive side, Lorraine(?) in the 300 block of Welch (with the new baby) has said she would like to help.  I can't remember the new officers so could you all arrange for a transition to a new distributor?  Thanks,  Teb 
 No regulatory problems. 
