ut I'd go if that's a big thing for you.  Or, we can come up with other ideas, I'm wide open. I'll eat anything except for Thai.  The lady I'm dealing with at Petrogulf is clueless.  The guy I used to deal with is gone and she is new to this area of the business.  Since I'm so nice and receptive to her feelings, I decided to help.  But I'm sure you already know this about my personality.  I'm really not trying to BS you with my emotional side.  I will tell her I can buy the gas into Questar, if you believe that to be the case. All those other delivery points need processing arrangements.  Don't tell Richard Stewart anything about this conversation or YOUR buying dinner! 
 I will call her.  I need to give my hair about two weeks to grow out.  Has she started to date again.  I thought she had given up on men after her divorce?  When are you going to get your hair cut?  I've got a date with Karen this week, well at least I think I do.  Have you talked to Larry about Friday? 
 Bob,  What about me picking two winning teams last weekend.  Can you send me the latest updated version of the pool.  Also what about lunch later this week so I can get you your money.  Tell Larry we are going to party Friday, so he better go along.  Paul 
 Paul,  I do not know where Dead Horse is but as far as Glen Rock is concerned, I believe the Index market to be around CIG Index minus $.05.  We are currently trying to do these sort of Index deals for the winter and one year time periods.  Anything after that is anyone's guess.  If you need anything else don't hesitate to ask.  Hope all is well, and watch out for CU!  Paul 
 The deal was done with Field Services and we should change our deal ticket "counter party" to reflect that.  Thanks Paul 
 Hello,  I'm back in the office today.  Well I see you have to eat crow!  I didn't get a chance to watch the game but I saw CU play Kansas St. and CU looked good. I even think CU has a good chance of beating UT in Austin this weekend.  As far as Petrogulf goes, in the mean time before the great expansion, do they have the right to go to Questar or any other interstate pipeline delivery points.  I think they can take their gas in kind at Questar/Bird Canyon, but I'm not sure.  And finally, are you still available for dinner Wednesday night.  I just got paid so I'm looking to take you some place nice.  Yes, I am bribing you!  Paul 
 I would like to shut it down.  So send me my pro rata share.  How was your party?  And hot chicks? 
 When I first saw the picture I did think it had a chance of being real, until everyone else said it was a knock off.  I was a little puzzled as to how anyone found the camera.  So at least I had my doubts.  So you want to stay in Calgary another year? 
  Bill,  Look this diagram over it may be a little confusing so if you have any questions give me a call.  Paul 
   My pick for this week is the Vikings.  When are you setting me up with your hair dresser? 
 We buy San Juan. But we do not have any gathering. 
 That's funny I saw that original picture and was wondering what the hell was ging on.  We thought it was BS.  Now I know.  What have you been up to? 
 Steve & Frnak  I'm sure you guys know about Clay Basin.  Anyway Kitchen just called and said we have 30 days to get all the gas out of the interruptible storage account about 36,000.  So get your F@%&*+ing gas out of the ground.  Paul 
 And you know at that age those girls put out.  Unfortunately it's their hip that puts out, or should I say "gives out." 
 My mom is having a party.  She has this party every year, the average age of the party goers is about 60.  At least I can get drunk on my mom nickel. 
 I totally agree, I was extremely stupid.  I'm not kidding, I already have a funny sensation just like I used to get when I was back in OKC.  What was I thinking? 
 You can use it if I can find it.  I may have lost it on Saturday night.  I was very drunk. 
 Updated Hot List; 
 I think that chick gave me something!   I serious. 
  Here is the updated version. 
 What weekend?  I will be in San Antonio, TX from 10/12-10/15.  So if it's this weekend I'll be out of town.  But, if not let's party! 
 Hello you guys,  Well I hope you have Dad doing some of the cleaning!  You know how he always has an opinion but yet no participation.  Anyway I hope you're doing fine.  I'm fine and about to depart to Dallas TX for the weekend.  I'm meeting some of my old military friends for a big party this weekend.  I'm really looking forward to this party, it's due to a college football game (Oklahoma University vs the University of Texas) and has been going on for about six years now.  The guy throwing the party is working hard to make it a tradition and so far he has done a very good job.  The party gets bigger every year and I think this year will be the biggest.  There are people flying in from all over the country.  Flying now after everything that has happened isn't scary to me but now the waiting period for both check in and security has increased substantially.  It's a big pain but obliviously needed.  I'll talk to you guys soon.  Go UT!  Paul  PS  We haven't found a place in Vail, but we are still looking! 
     Paul   Enron North America would like to bid the following for gas supplies delivered to Utilicorp under the following conditions:    PACKAGE 1  Volume:	2,500 MMBtu/d.  Term:		November 1, 2001 through March 31, 2002.  Delivery Point:	Mainline CIG supply points (excluding Wind River Lateral)  Pricing:	Inside FERC CIG Index plus $.03, with the right to trigger to lock a fixed price in part or in total.   Please call me at (303) 575-6474 if this bid is successful or you would like to discuss this proposal further.  ENA reserves the right to adjust this bid to reflect market movements and makes this bid contingent on ENA upper management approval.   Sincerely,  Paul Lucci 
 Jealous, you shouldn't be jealous.  I'm about to hit the road from Friday through Monday the 15th (11 straight days), when I get back let's look to get together.  By the way you looked great Monday night. 
   Hey,  Put on your web site that I will take all OU/UT action at even money, for all you OU bitches.  So BRING IT!!!!!   Paul "This year I will win" Lucci 
   Bob,  Here are the picks for week 4:   Joey Brewer - Miami Paul "going all the way" Lucci - New York (Giants)    Paul 
   Paul & Stan  Here is our purchase proposal we have been sending out for renewal on our purchase agreements.  We have left it somewhat open ended to account for differences in the individual gas packages.  Please review this proposal, as I will be calling you shortly to discuss any changes or questions you have to the proposal.  You can reach me at (303) 575-6474.   Sincerely,  Paul Lucci 
 Wyoming was great and it was good to see YOU at the game.  What do you mean about odds? 
 Jay,  We are looking to transact with this customer on a two year index purchase.  I need to discuss the details with you, but in the mean time here are the financials that they have provided.  Take a close look at them and realize this is a very rich man and he can have very bad things done to you.  So, let's keep that in mind when we are working through all the credit requirements.  Paul 
 Hey have you eaten lunch yet?  And when do I get Stacy Mack? 
 I'll give you my first round pick next year, you give me Trent Green. 
 What do you mean draft picks? 
 We can cover the airport so you don't have too.  Just tell everyone we will be at the airport between 1:00 and 5:00ish. 
 Looks like you and I will hang out and wait for Will.  I told Mike we will be at the airport so we can pick everyone up who comes in around these times.  Are you getting these emails? 
 Ok, and yes!  Send me a picture of you so I can remember what you look like.  I mean what you really look like! 
   I called the airline there has been a change of schedule:  New Flight Information: Airline:  Same (United) Flt #:	1670 Airport:	DFW Time:	1:00 pm (arrive DFW)  Make note, if there are any screw ups heads will roll.  Paul   PS  Don't make me wait, NO ONE MAKES ME WAIT!!! 
 Barry,  Here is a list and the status of the customers I'm dealing with concerning the El Paso Transportation;    Texaco-I have sent the presentation to my rep (Mike Duval) he is trying to arrange a telephone conversation with the appropriate parties within Texaco Devon-I have sent the presentation to Devon and have had discussions on the subject.  They seem to be somewhat interested but will be slow to move.  They have committed all their San Juan production until April 2002. Amoco- Talked to my rep who referred me on to the San Juan trader, these two are not very interested, however Dave Fuller has a contact at Amoco who seems to like the theory. Reliant-I have had multiple conversations with these guys they are not very interested in this capacity.   I will continue to work with Dave on Amoco, as well as Devon and Texaco.  As new information develops I will pass it on.  Paul 
 Once again, HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 I will talk to Theresa and Gerald.  I'm sorry for all the confusion and will get back to you ASAP.  Paul 
 What do you mean bummer, didn't you pick Oakland?  How was Teddy's? 
 What's up you two losers, and I mean losers!  Anyway, since I have to take time out of my busy schedule and lower myself to your standards here is my itinerary so pay close attention.  I arrive Friday October 5th Airline:  United Flight:	1478 Airport:  DFW Time:	2:21 pm (arrive Dallas)  I leave Sunday at 12:50 pm  I booked two rooms at the Holiday Inn Express, they are in my name but are not paid for yet.  I'll give them a credit card when I get there.  One of the rooms has a King only and the other room has two beds but it's a smoking room, that's all they had.  So smoke um if you got um!  Both rooms have an additional pull out bed, FYI.  I'm looking forward to this weekend, go UT!!!!!!!!!!   Your Master  Paul   PS  I haven't been going to the gym since I started getting laid by this girl. 
 No, Mark is going to Portland, and he just left.  You got our picks on Friday right?  I also need Karen Taylor's phone number, she's hot for me again.  I rally like her little assistant Laura. 
 Hey what's up?  How many people picked the Colts this weekend?  I talked to Todd Gilcrease I guess he's back.  And this time without Kimery. 
