couple of questions.  Do your numbers assume $7500 down (in addition to the tax etc), and is the term 36 months or 48?  Both time frames are mentioned in your explanation.  Have we heard anything on the remarketing of my Lexus?  Does the cost include the tax trade on the Lexus?  Thanks for your help,  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  We can discuss these comments, if you want, or just incorporate them. Electricities shouldn't mind.  Kay 
 Carolyn,  I believe the commercial operations terminology is appropriate, not takeover.  Please verify with the LV CoGen documents which I forwarded just a few moments ago. The changes I made to the definitions in the prototype letter were a result of the fact that the Blue Dog contract with GE uses slightly different terminology than the LM 6000 contracts.  We need to revert to the appropriate underlying contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It is an hour and a half west of Memphis.  No where.  You can smell the meat processing plant.  Hey, you would probably like that! 
 Opps. 
 900 central, so you should be in decent shape.  Kay 
 Jeff,  Are you up-to-speed on this one?  Kay 
 This was supposed to be to Jeff and Barbara, but the phone rang.  I can't recall who knows what.  Kay 
 I hadn't heard the 2 1/2 hour deal, but then again, I wasn't on the call. I'll check on pushing the meeting back to 930 to give you a chance to get downtown before it starts.  Sheila, what do you think?  Kay 
 Please call Jake Thomas and Steve Thome in Portland and see if we can have a conference call at 500 Houston time.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  In addition to my comments regarding the definitions, here are some other thoughts:  Letter agreement:  I would bracket [Spawn], since we don't have it formed yet and we probably haven't checked on availability.  2. Closing date should be at least five but no more than 10 business days.  2 (a)  Facility Agreement is probably the more appropriate concept than Turbine Contract.  Not a big issue if anyone disagrees with this terminology.  3. Make the guaranty for this agreement and the LLC agreement.  5 (d)  change 1st "shall" to "'may".  7 (b) does this make sense?  Should we also have the right to specific performance?  9.  (iii) consents won't necessarily be obtained at the time of the signing of the letter agreement.  Should say by closing such will have been obtained.  I haven't done a reg evaluation, so I would delete the reg rep unless you are comfortable.  I want the HSR risk to be with them, so I don't want to contradict it with the rep.  I'll review the LLC agreement next.  Kay 
 Good.  I hadn't heard back from them. 
 Hi Sheila,  I don't recall seeing a bill from Bracewell on the VECPCO deal.  Did you ever see one come in?  Thanks,  Kay 
 In case I forget to mention it, when the next round of Panda docs are ready, you might want to send them to Herman and Matt.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Cindy,  How long would we have until we need to release the rooms to avoid the charge?  I  think your suggestion will work.  Kay 
 We will be in Bay City on Saturday,  but I don't know if it will be overnight.  Mom 
 Ben and I can make it.  Kay 
 I'll be available, and will let you know how it goes.  Kay 
 Before you send out the next draft we need to talk briefly. 
 Please put on my schedule. 
 I don't believe I forwarded this to you.  Kay 
 Dale,  Has GE initialled all the pages of the break out contract?  If so, it would be very helpful if you could ship me the originals.  That way, we only have to change the names, which will make it easier for Lee when we have to ask him to sign.  Also, has someone from the Enron side initialled all the pages?  That helps, too!  Kay 
 no headaches 
 I don't know who started the initialling kick, and I don't know if I care if it continues.  I don't know if Lee cares.  It is probably an EECC artifact. If GE doesn't care, then I don't care.  ( I hear strains of a show tune "I don't care, I don't care").  I think I've lost my mind.  Kay 
 Carolyn,  Please use NewCo instead of Spawn.  Also, please give them only one business day to review the final facility agreement.  Also, we need the duplicate forms for Sunlaw Energy Corporation.  Will we be getting the drafts tonight?  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kay 
 No big deal.  I'm just trying to tie up loose ends when I can.  I suspect they must have gotten paid, or else someone would be complaining. 
 I made a couple of minor revisions.  Jake has given us until when he gets in tomorrow.    I changed Turbine Agreement to Turbine Contract (one place in the LOI), and added responsibility for filing fees in the llc agreement.  Perhaps it it redundant.  I'm not sure I'm on top of the LLC agreement.  Maybe we can discuss in the am. 
 Sorry to hear about Bobby's wreck.  I hope he feels ok tomorrow.  Neil's number at work is 713 596 8716, and  his email is nmann@erac.com.  I know you probably checked this, but are you sure you don't have car rental insurance under your auto policy?  Always good to check.  Paige got a kick out of seeing Bobby.  I'm sure he enjoyed the fine cuisine.  I feel the same about going up next week.  There will probably be a more appropriate time later.  Paige is coming home for SB next week.  I suspect she'll come Friday or Saturday, but don't know for sure.  We are probably going to the Matagorda livestock show and auction this weekend, and maybe the rodeo.  It must be good - like the Belton rodeo.  Hi and hugs to all!  Love,  Kay 
 I like this one. 
 I know you wouldn't forget, but Ms. Bills will need to be advised.  See you tomorrow.  Kay 
 We are in the process of refining the form in connection with the left coast transaction, and it will be easy to "de-westify" it.  Kay 
 Geriann,  I didn't ask for the conference call, but I wil make time in my schedule to participate. 
 It is the last two weeks of school, I believe. 
 You have correctly identified my financial advisor, although I figured this one out by myself.  I think I'll join the credit union! 
 Chris,  Global Finance (Lisa Bills) needs to be kept in the loop on this, since this is in TurboPark.  Kay 
 Here's the latest drafts:    Kay 
 Hi there,  I think a good next step while the counterparties are reviewing the docs is the creation of a closing checklist, since we have a good starting point with the Intergen closing list.  We can get organized on putting together a package of the next traunche of docs, such as the parent guaranty, escrow agreement, etc.  Thanks,  Kay  PS.  You might want to check the docs I sent out to Jake to make sure I didn't put a Panda in a Delta doc.  I checked, but I need to be double checked.  Another good reason to use XYZ's until the finalist is selected. 
 I think what I will do is send out an email today to have people call you directly and reserve a room.  We can then see how many short we are, and deal with the deposit.  I will tell them to inform you that they are with the Enron group.  Names of the individuals should be as follows;  Kay Mann (I'll call with my card soon - I want the Premier) Heather Kroll Barbara Gray Peggy Banczak Lisa Bills Rose Engeldorf Nora Roberts Anne Koehler Lisa Mellencamp Christi Nicolay Gail Brownfeld  Maybe this will help identify those who are REALLY in.  There may be a couple of new ones also.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks good to me.  Is it ready for me to print and give to Ben?  Kathy, how many originals do you think we should have signed? 4 or 5? Or some other number?  Kay 
 I've made a couple of changes, including changes suggested by Jeff Blumenthal.  Main difference is title/risk of loss language and definition of "the Agreement" since we don't have an MOU.   Kay 
 I'm not sure why this came to me, but I thought I would share it anyway. 
 Thanks so much for your help. 
 Lv Co Gen deal. 
 100 to dan 
 funny, she didn't ask me!  $25 never hurts. 
 Atta girl.  You should have heard Ben complementing you to Jeff.  Ben said he wished you worked for him so that he could participate more in your PRC review.  The point was not lost on me! 
 Neither have us have spoken to GE.  I think Sheila spoke to Lee, but I don't know the substance of the conversation.  We asked his permission  on the Intergen deal, I believe.  I told Jake last night that there are arguments which can be made on both sides as to whether GE needed too consent to having the contract distributed to a potential partner.  He said he wanted to talk to you about it.  My suggestion would be that someone on the commercial side discuss the general status, and ask if it is ok to send out a redacted contract.  That is the most conservative approach.  Kay 
 Time for a battle field promotion.  I'll be Tanto, you can be him that sabes. 
 Well, that's one reason why I don't think there's a lot of risk to it.  I know in previous deals the GE frame guys have agreed that we could give three redacted copies to suitors, and the real one to THE ONE.  I think a casual conversation will work.  The guarantees are nothing special, although the LD ramp rates sometimes matter.  Lastly is delivery, but again, I don't think it will be a big issue.  Maybe if Jake knows that he probably won't have to tell Lee who the suitors are, that might help.  Kay 
 Thanks for your help.  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I spoke to John N, and I think I understand what's up.  I'm in a conference call, but will holler later.  Kay 
 This confirms our agreement we reached today that we will start the meeting at 930am Central.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Aren't you something.  From now on, you are Mr. PSA. 
 He did go out of his way to sing your praises, so job well done. 
 Scott stopped me on 31 to tell me what a good job Carlos did. Thought I would pass it along.  Kay 
 Please put the Friday GE call on my calendar, as well as a 200 call tomorrow on Northwestern.  Thanks! 
 Nothing from Leatha.  Any news there?  Kay 
 Hi Jeff,  I need more in-depth information than what I could get from King & Spalding, so I asked around for a Mississippi firm.  Sheila suggested this firm, and Stuart said he thought they were an ok group.  As you can guess, it is a short list in Mississippi to chose from.  Please let me know what you think.  Kay 
 An email only a fellow turbine czarina could appreciate... 
 The document on the bottom is the one you are looking for.  I will send one of the exhibits separately.  Kay 
 Thome, Sole - hey, that rhymes... 
 home 713 973 6325 cell 713 304 8716 pager 888 710 7935 
 You can run but you can't hide!  Kay 
 Here's more for you to enjoy.  We need to make this into an XYZ form to match up with the letter agreement.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This is the turbine contract to print and put on your desk.  Kay 
 Having fun yet? 
 I am attaching the final form LOI between ENA and CRRA, as well as the current working draft of the Fuel Cell purchase agreement.  Please let me know if you have any comments or questions.    Kay Mann 713 345 7566 
 To tell you the truth, this stuff is difficult for me to retain, so I could be completely off base. I would like to have Herman walk through it again. 
 He doesn't know that Sheila undermined his authority with his client, and intervened.  Remember her saying she wasing going to stay out of it?  Just shoot me if I do that to you.  Or at least kick me.  Kay 
 It has now clicked that  you were looking for a letter in addition to the settlement letter.  That didn't sink in before. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 Here tis 
 Frightening roster. 
 No action required, fyi re:  Blue Dog (the East deal) and Project Salmon (the West deal). 
 And a tough crowd it is.  I'm up for it. He seems genuinely happy for you. 
 You are destined for political greatness. 
 Please print the clean version below.  My computer won't let  me print - I tried two different printers. 
 tomorrow is probably better than Wednesday 
 Attached is the Blue Dog LLC agreement: 
 This time I mean it: 
 Please print the form agreement.  I think it is the fourth one below. 
 I had coconut cream  pie for lunch (also tuna).  I feel so guilty.  Light dinner for me.  And maybe a vodka (NO WINE).  If I can get time to call Nathaniel, I will.  I'm in a conference call now.  I feel guilty about being gone Sat. night if Paige is home for SB.  It does sound like a good weekend weatherwise.  I can check with her to see her preference.  Kay 
 I need staples and the stiff green folders.  I forget what these are called.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think you'll find there isn't that much to a site sale.  Witness Plano/Pontiac as compared to the Peakers. 
 Don't forget that Herman reads everything, and to ask Fred if this deal will be DASH'ed.  (I don't know if it should, but probably so.) 
 I would want to make sure that the structure of the deal goes through Herman.  There may be a tweak or a change which can have an impact on what gets booked on mark to market basis, etc.  He may have absolutely nothing to add, but I wouldn't take the chance. 
 Do not take this too seriously until we talk tomorrow.  Look forward to meeting you,  Kay  PS.  Hope it isn't too inconvenient for you to come.  Sheila really wanted you there. 
 Attached is a clean and red lined version of the loi.  I'm expecting a call from David Hunt,  so I haven't dealt with the limit of liability stuff yet. The Beck comments are good comments which we need to discuss internally, but since we haven't, I'm happy to take the position that the comments seem to fit better in the drafting of the definitive ageements.     Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Due to some internal comments we have made some revisions to the land option agreement.  The most significant change is that it is clear that the option payment is not refundable, and will not be applied against the purchase price.  There is also a clarification in paragraph 9 (re assignment) that the assignee remains responsible for any liability arising prior to assignment.  I believe we are ready to go forward with signature when you are.  Please advise if this version is acceptable.  Also, please let me know if you would like for me to have a redline version prepared.  Kay 
 Hi Marisa,  Please send the forms to Carlos also since for 2, 3, and 4 we will use the same forms. Obviously, we want the economy of doing this once for both transactions.  Also, please bill the time for these forms to Carlos' deal, since Blue Dog is paying for some of the development of the letter agreement and the llc forms.  It sure sounds like we won't be tendering a facility agreement, but until the structure is agreed I would keep the letters in as place holders.  Once the LLC is formed you will get the complete corporate books which will have the certificates.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi John,  I asked to have ONE guaranty prepared and ONE escrow agreement for Carlos and I to review the forms.  Now I've got two sets of docs sent by two K & S attorneys.  Additionally, we are drafting against ourselves.  The letter agreement and the LLC have been given to the counterparty.  Seems to make more sense to wait for comments.  HELP!!!  Kay 
 Please print. 
 fax  for car loan 713 345 3555  My contact is Ms. Sammy Marroquin.   Borrower is cynthia kay mann. 
 We have an agreement which resides in TurboPark.  Kathy Clark did the contract. 
  This was the emergency. 
 The outside lawyer for Northwestern, Marguerite Kahn, would like to speak with you concerning the structure of the LLC, specifically including the promissory notes.  Guess I didn't explain it all that well. I asked her just to call you directly, and gave her your number.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Turbine Team,  For future reference we should add in the put/call language (similiar to the language in 6.2 (c) of the Intergen deal) which allows Enron to put the equity to the buyer at any time GE consents.  We should soften the approval rights of the purchaser.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please don't.  I enjoy the laughter!  I was just jealous. 
 Ann Elizabeth,  Can you handle this?  This is another Florida lobby deal.  Kay 
 This is on the horizon, so I thought I would let you know.  Kay 
 Jake mentioned Delta but not Panda.  I'm with you - go Delta.  Who wants to mess with the broker issue?  Ciao,  Kay 
 I am selling my Bayou II kayak by Dagger.  It is a two person, enclosed style, kayak perfect for enjoyable kayaking with a special friend or family member.  Especially good for fishing because one person can paddle and position the boat while the other fishes. 
 Hi.  I'm interested in joining.  What do I need to do to join?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please check the cancellation policy for next week's seminar.  I may not be going.  Thanks,  Kay 
 OK.  I'll let you know tomorrow.  I'm leaving at 330 to take Michael for a check up.  Routine.  Kay 
 Any idea what will be on the agenda?  It would be very nice if they would respond to the drafts we've sent them.  Kay 
 We need a name for the LLC for this transaction.  Any suggestions?  Kay 
 I'm calling in (conference call) for this one. 
 Hi Ed,  I can't find (or recall) that I received the subsequent email referenced in this email.  Can you direct me to the right place?  I looked under Administrator and Legal Net X, and all my emails from 3/8.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mike,  I'll try to figure out the conversion.  In the meanwhile, if you can email me your fax number I'll send it that way.  Kay 
 I kinda like Coyote LLC and Black Hills LLC (no spruce). 
 yes, thanks. 
 Hey guys,  PSA's are a hot topic, and I have a call into Lisa Bills to discuss it.  Lisa has been out of town for a few days, as has the GF TurboPark lawyer, Rose Engeldorf.  Rose is being seconded to ENA for TurboPark issues, and will be back in the office tomorrow.  We should sit down with Rose and puzzle through the issue.  As for the "standard" EECC form PSA, it is a real bear.  Carlos has recently worked on a TurboPark/97-10 compliant form, and is waiting for Global Finance blessing.  He was going to talk to Bart about his experience, which could also add some extra insight.  When you guys have some time it is probably worth taking a half hour to discuss it.  Kay 
 Hi Randy,  Just wanted to let you know what it up on CoOp City.  I don't know the agenda for the meeting.  I'm planning on calling in.  Kay 
 Hi John,  I still need a Connecticut lawyer to look at this.  Do you have someone available?  I need input by Monday, March 19. Nothing comprehensive, just a fatal flaw analysis under Connecticut law.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Jeff,  I don't know if you are picking up email, but just in case,  here's a description of the Roundtable.  Kay 
 John,  I would hestitate to give up the option to TurboPark this project, unless the commercial team commits that there is no way Enron will ever want to progress with the site beyond permitting.  As you know, there is no going back once we give up that optionality.  Good catch, Renee.  Kay 
 Well, there's your summo wrestler, a fan, wasabi peas, and I think a sea shell. 
 Hi there,  Could one of you send me one email with the final (well, we hope) forms of both of the two change orders we are working on for the BD turbine sets? I want to make sure I'm looking at the right stuff.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the thing I'm doing on Thursday.  Do you have a form of bio for anybody around here?  I need to make something up for the paper.  Thanks,  Kay 
 John,  I've received internal approval to participate.  I'll see what I can come up with for a bio.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Well, you know Enron.  No boredom, ever!  Kay 
 Well, I'm glad I get to edit!  Not really.  Mark approved it this am.  Hopefully, good publicity which will make Mark glad he approved it.  They usually take pictures to go with the article, so I have to see if I need a new, clean, white shirt.  Gotta look good! Makeup and everything.  Wonder how I lose 15 lbs by Thursday?  Kay 
 I cleared not going to Atlanta with Elizabeth, so I should be able to take Michael to Palacios as soon as Monday.  Supposed to rain this weekend anyway, so Monday is soon enough. I would just as soon not have a Sharon appointment so we have that flexibility.  Plus, there is the possibility that I might need to go to FW for my dad.  Michael can go to FW with me if I need to go - he would be great company for me. I've thought about taking  him to Moody Gardens, or do some other fun stuff as an alternative.   The long term weather forecast for Houston and Palacios is glorious for that week, but you never know.  I don't mind taking him by myself.  I can do most of the fishing stuff, although I don't know squat about artificials.  If I do go I would like to take Rosco.  Since my folks have an internet connection I can keep up with a little work and write you, too.  What do you think?  ckm 
 Hi Chris and Ben,  Wanted to make sure you had seen/approved these.  I'm looking now also.  Kay 
 For your info. 
 Thought you might find this interesting, in some sick way! 
 They can't open the attachment.  Is there a way to save it in an earlier version of Word and resend?  Also, please print the attachment and fax it to Mike Colo, 252 972 7014.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just a reminder that I am planning on being on vacation with my son next week.  My clients are aware of these plans, and I have hopes that things will go without a hitch.  I will be able to retrieve email and voice mail.  Kay 
 Well, I know Jack probably won't know where to pee since won't have Rosco to aim at.  I guess Kaley will have to growl at Jack just to stay in practice.  I should add that Kendall is due at the end of next week, and if something urgent comes up, I could have to cover for Carlos.  Not likely but you know how the baby stuff goes.  I think Rosco is going to be at least 70 pounds, although I don't have any information to go on.  You mentioned that his pop is a big dog, so I guess we should expect him to be big.  Maybe one of those tall Labs.  I just hope his personality stays the same.  Kay 
 My dad is having some health issues, so they couldn't commit to next week.  I cleared cancelling the conference with Elizabeth, so please take the steps necessary to call that off.  Carlos' wife is due the 23rd, so I may need to cover for  him.  We'll see.  I do hope to take Michael and Rosco to Palacios where we can hang out, fish, play in the sand, etc.  In other words, no big plans, which I'm happy about.  I think Neil will miss Rosco as much as Michael, but he probably looks forward to having the house to himself for a few days.  Kay 
 Pitiful!  Charlotte confirmed for today? Delmis is cleaning as we write - I spoke to Paige.  She is going to try to get an appt with Cher for cut/color.  I told her we would buy.  ckm 
 Do you have the GE contracts in the CA stuff?  Thanks,  Kay 
 It seems that I remember seeing something about  this in the Titan claim file.  Maybe a copy of it? 
 FYI, one of my guys got a call from one of your band of merry men concerning selling the 7EAs. Kay 
 Hi Cindy,  Any more sign ups from Enron?  I'm thinking of sending  a reminder out in the next day or so, and I wanted to see if you  have anyone other than me, Heather and Anne.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I guess Ed Hearn. 
 Dear Mr. Keffer,  Thank you so much for agreeing to pass my resume along to the appropriate person with the Astros organization. In keeping with our family tradition, I am a huge Astros fan, and would appreciate the opportunity to get a "behind the scenes look" at how a professional sports organization works.  This should be an exciting season for Houston baseball, and it would be an honor to be a part of it.  Any assistance you can give in putting me in touch with the right person would be appreciated.  Sincerely,  Paige Record 
 I got the same response from Mike and Ken.  Doesn't sound good. 
 Please see insurance groups' request re: equipment warranties.  One=20 alternative is to send equipment contracts to David Marshall for  his revie= w.  Kay 
 hi back 
 www.dagger.com.... and look at the Products, Recreational Kayaks section.  I am selling my Bayou II kayak by Dagger.  It is a two person, enclosed style, kayak perfect for enjoyable kayaking with a special friend or family member.  Especially good for fishing because one person can paddle and position the boat while the other fishes.  Fast and extremely quiet!!!  $749 Retail(camo $50 extra), will sell for $ 550 2 person, tandem polyethylene outer layer camoflage color wide cockpit and very stable bow seat slides and locks for single person use padded seats with adjustable back rests bow deck rigging with recessed fittings carry toggles(handles) includes bow and stern inflatable flotation inserts weighs 65 lbs 13 ' 6 " long Max Load 450 lbs. 
 Reagan,  Specifying it is for infrastructure costs may cause heartache.  Don't worry, I'll do the legal work!  Kay 
 Anytime in the next hour is good, since I didn't eat breakfast.  I would love a caffeine free Diet Coke.  ckm 
 Got it.  Good hint! 
 Thanks John. I got a huge kick out of Paige struggling with the email to you.  She's a terrific writer, but had horrible writer's block.  I think it was the dose of reality which comes from looking for a job.  Kay 
 Hi,  I saw your posting concerning the kayak. Do you still have it?  Where is it located?  I may be interested.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Details.  Do they want one of the turbines before Sept? 
 Allyson,  Thank you for the update.  Is not having the CPCN an absolute bar to beginning construction?  What are the risks?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Did you look at it on the website?  It looks like fun.  Michael and I could probably have fun on the quiet water days.  I'll need a ladder, so I'll have to break the news to Pop Pop.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Maybe on Saturday. 
 I'm still on it.  We are still working on the term sheet. 
 No.  We can talk about it when you we meet in a little bit. 
 C. Kay Mann  C. Kay Mann is a native of Fort Worth, Texas.  She graduated from the=20 University of Houston with a bachelor of arts degree and a jurisdoctorate= =20 degree.  She began her practice as a trial lawyer with Hays, McConn, Rice &= =20 Pickering, where she was elected partner in 1991.  In 1992 she joined Fish= =20 Engineering & Construction as General Counsel, later becoming Vice Presiden= t.=20 Ms. Mann joined Enron in 1999 as senior counsel for Enron Engineering &=20 Construction Company (EECC). During her tenure at Fish Engineering and EECC= ,=20 Ms. Mann=01,s practice included project development and financings in North= ,=20 South and Central America and Europe. Since early 2000, Ms. Mann has=20 practiced in the Enron Wholesale Services legal group, focusing on=20 power-related transactions in the United States. 
 Life's pretty tough when your mom (opps, he calls me "Mother" now) won't let you watch tv on the way to school!  You guessed right, I really enjoy our time together in the am, and I don't want to compete with Pokemon.  Kay 
 Great.  We would like to take a look at it.  Sounds like something fun for our family.  I'll call to set up a day/time, if that's ok with you.  Kay 
 For calendar.  I may go straight there in the am. 
 John,  Credit appears to be a problem on this deal.  Therefore, please stand by for further developments.  I appreciate your very quick response.  Apparently, my client was satisified with the service he received.  Kay 
 Are you available? I thought you might be interested since DDuran will apparently be there.  I'm scheduled for vacation. I'll arrange an invite if you are interested.  Kay 
 Sounds like a family man. 
 How's the weather? 
 Attached is a general bio.  Please let me know if you need something different or additional. 
 I sent it to J. Cogan, but I can send it to other folks as well. 
 I think he will absolutely love it.  Our wedding is at 4, but we can bring him over earlier if that helps with the museum trip. 
 OK.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Attached is the current draft of the PPA for the VEPCO deal for your information, review, etc.  Kay 
 I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron.  Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a change in plans next week.  My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.  I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.  I will manage client expectations accordingly.  Kay 
 I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal.  Is that ok with you? 
 Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain.  Big deal kinda stuff. 
 For better or worse, all the folks under the heading "Origination"  and "Development" are ours, although Kathleen has a special role with Development.  Kay 
 Here's the version showing revisions. 
 Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico. 
 Hi Wilson,  I spoke with David Hunt, and he has no problem with you representing Enron Power Marketing in the proposed transaction with Clarksdale and Yazoo City. Please let me know if you  have any other potential conflicts.  Thanks,  Kay Mann 
 Look at you.  More work! 
 I'll have to send the notice separately.  John's number is 713 751-3254.  Kay 
 I believe this to be the applicable assignment language.  I'm confirming.    Kay 
 Hi Rose,  Was the Blue Dog override letter signed for TurboPark?  I didn't see it in the TurboPark closing docs.  Of course, I could have missed it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds like a good match with Ruthie and Murphy.  My old dog, Kaley, is really sounding bad.  She has a cough that just won't quit, which has gotten worse over the last couple of years.  I think it is her heart.  She's 11 years old, and moves slowly.  Rosco owns the familiy now.  He is so quiet, but friendly.  Just likes to hang around close to everyone.  I'll miss him when I'm in FW.  ckm 
 There were technical difficulties with the last one - this should be easier to read.  Kay 
 I took her in a while back for the cough, plus she goes in every 6 months for kennel cough and hearworm test.  They haven't said much and I haven't asked. Afraid to, I guess.  I got Kaley when I was with my former boyfriend, and she's been through it all with Paige and me. 
 Needs to be vetted with Herman at some point.  If Jake wants to negotiate something else with GE, I'm all for it. 
 You lost me.  We talked to Jake about it, and the two issues were GE consent and accounting treatment.  At least that's how I remember it.  Kay 
 I didn't redact it, but Ben might have a copy.  I can email you the electronic file of the intact document. 
 We are also working on a couple of change orders. 
 Hi Janette,  If the tickets are still available, I would love to have them.  I realize I was a little slow on the draw this time!  Thanks,  Kay 
 My guess would be the week of the 4th of July, then again sometime in August.  I agree that he really should see it.  If you want to take him, that's great, or we will be glad to take him.  Kay 
 Big surprise! 
 You're on.  He's getting to be such a good age for theater.  ckm 
 Wow. That was quick!  Now I'm out of excuses...  Kay 
 Here's a version:   You probably know this, but the most important stuff is:  assignment exercise dates (get more time than you could possibly need, because you'll need it) scope (if available), schedule guarantees option price not credited against purchase price (and lately, not refundable)  Lisa Bills, Herman Manis, Rose Engeldorf and Matt Berry typically review these. 
 I figured it was a long shot.  Have a great weekend. 
 Hi Pete,  There's been a Plan B developed on the LV Co Gen project.  We are seriously exploring the possibility of selling the current LV Co Gen turbines to a third party, by selling the equity in a project co which acquires the turbines.  Sound familiar?  Yes, it is CA Development III, only it is called Salmon somethingorother llc.  I anticipate that the most recent version of the LV Co Gen contract will need to be adapted to the CA form - no E Next Generation or ENA as agent.  I believe Dale has been working on some tweaks to the form you last worked on for LV Co Gen, and I assume these tweaks belong in the "new" Salmon contract.  I will forward you the most current form that I've seen, and Dale can protest if he thinks this is the wrong one to work with.  Carlos Sole  is the lawyer in Houston who will be herding these cats.  His number is 713 345 8191.  I will be out of the office next week, but will periodically check my voice mail if  you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kay 
 As mentioned in my other email... 
 Ok, by now you think I've lost my mind. I can accept that.  I believe this is the most current version which should form the basis of the Salmon LLC contract (formerly known as LV Co Gen facility agreement).  Kay 
 Jake is ready to tell Lee who the purchaser is and get permission to "tell all".  I think that's a good way to go.  I have to confess that I didn't look at their comments to the turbine contract.  I will be glad to do it if you want.  Jake said that Bill Williams had some discussions with Delta, and he thought maybe some of their comments were no longer germane.  Bill has received their comments, but I don't know his reaction.  Kay 
 Thanks for the quick turnaround.  Kay 
 Don't be too grateful.  I think Jake wants you to weigh in no matter what. He obviously values your opinion.  My personal opinion is you put the comments in front of Lee, and if he doesn't like them, the answer to Delta is no, we have no leverage to get your changes.  Kay 
 Is that a general offer to help, or just an offer to help me find the Blue Dog contract? 
 Kathleen,  We need to set up an LLC for the Blue Dog turbines.  Chris had proposed some names at some point, then Ben had come up with something.  I now can't remember what it is.  Anyway, it needs to be on the list for next week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Suzanne,  Please set up a conference call for tomorrow, 830 Houston time, and advise the following of the details:  Sheila Scott Dieball Rose Engeldorf Kent Shoemaker Mike Barnas  The last two are from GE.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi John,  Sounds like we are now reunited in the same legal group, EWS.  True? =20  Kay 
 I really like that one. 
 Well, welcome to EWS.  I like Mark Frevert, and I've heard good things abou= t=20 Greg Whalley.  Also, I like working for Mark Haedicke. =20  Kay 
 Reagan,  I haven't received an email from David Hunt yet.  I will make the changes you and I discussed last week, and perhaps we will get David's changes sometime today.  Kay 
 Federal jurisdiction and limit of liability verbage.  That's what comes to mind at this point.  Could you email me the most current version (I think it was March 3)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't have any significant comments, but I picked up a couple of minor typos.  From a structure standpoint, I think Enron doing the construction (and taking price risk) may be a structuring challenge, but I understand that's a bridge to cross later.    Kay  PS  I hope Mark isn't reading this today!  Great wedding. 
 Reagan,  I don't suggest it, especially since this is not an "off the shelf" deal. There are so many moving parts to this deal it could slow it down in the long run to get someone else involved for a few days. It is like getting a new commercial guy involved for 4 days. I'll defer to the great and powerful Oz.  I should be available most of the day, so let's see how things go.  Kay 
 Gee, I was kinda hoping we would have the opportunity to dump stuff on EEOS= ,=20 not the other way around. =20  ckm 
 Please confirm that Beck's comments nos 1 and 6 are acceptable for the loi. I would include in this email, but I don't have an electronic version with me.  Reagan, if you have an electronic version, could you forward it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I cannot imagine a shirt larger than the one you received.  Yikes.  Sounds like Neil still has a chance for a new shirt.  We'll have to allow extra time next Monday for a double de-brief.  Kay 
 Any idea how close it is to B & P's office, and how much it costs?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Reagan,  FYI, it would bother me if Marvin called our outside counsel.  If you want me to call David,  just ask.  I'll be glad to do it, although I don't suggest bugging the other parties' counsel too much.  It uses up relationship capital, and it causes the counterparty to incur expenses they may not want to incur.  Another FYI -  I don't much like Enron commercial folks calling Enron outside counsel unless we've discussed it in advance.  It violates Enron policy.  So once we have outside counsel on board, you still deal directly with me, and I'll manage the outside resources.  It really works better that way.  Kay 
 Don't mean to lecture, especially via email.  Just trying to give some constructive suggestions! 
 Sheila,  If I were starting over again, there are a few things I would change.  First, the development fee as presented in this draft doesn't work.  Second, I would put all the put/call details in the llc agreement.  Third, I would make the put/call available anytime GE agreed to it.  The development fee has been discussed generally, but not fully vetted with Herman.  Kay 
 Here's a general description of the steps:  Letter agreement signed Final form of break out presented to purchaser (not executed by Enron LLC) $ deposited in escrow TurboPark notice given  Closing date:  TurboPark closing docs signed (bill of sale, assignment & assumption) LLC signs breakout contract Amended LLC, other closing docs executed Money released from escrow to Enron Enron pays off TurboPark  This is how it worked on the Intergen deal.  I was unsure from your email if you see a problem with this process.  Kay 
 Well, there's a little lesson in the value of being polite to EVERYONE. 
 Hey Andrea,  We are going to FW tomorrow, as my dad is having surgery to unclog one of his carotid arteries.  I'm kinda nervous about this one.  Everything else is going well.  Michael, Paige and Neil are all well and happy.  Paige has applied to the Astros for a summer job.  Seems like a long shot, but she really wants to do it.  Michael has a kid in his class named Colin Waters. His dad is the travel secretary for the Astros.  Unfortunately, I haven't met him yet.  I can't wait to hear about your reunion.  I know it will be a blast.  Have fun!  Kay 
 I sure hope it is this week.  It will either be this week, or a while.  How's that for keen analysis?  It would seem to me that if we end up with breakout contracts signed by E Next, we should use the break out form, plus an override letter.  What do you think? 
 Attached for your reading enjoyment is an indicative org chart.  As you might guess, there have been some changes since this was published in December.  Kay 
 More org stuff.  Randy must now be with EWS Legal, since I see he is in an office on 38.  Kay 
 Nothing is simple. 
 Tomorrow is bad for me, but Thursday afternoon or anytime Friday is good.  Kay 
 Ben,  I will try to be on at least part of the phone call on Thursday, technology permitting.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 I'm working at home today, headed to Fort Worth tomorrow.  I spoke to Carlos shortly after you were up there, and he mentioned you were looking for an org chart, and he recalled that I had sent him one.  Kay 
 Every day? 
 Carlos and I are discussing options right now. 
 I like it.... 
 Sorry I didn't come up with more concrete examples.  I'm really concerned about my dad, although I try to deny it.  I still think that we should insulate ENA on the next deal.  Kay 
 I heard a rumor that Carlos Sole has been tasked with the Mitsubishi consent.  I'm sure he will do a great job.  Kay 
 Hi Carlos,  I should be easy to reach on my cell until around 930 Tuesday.  Feel free to call.  In my absence you can feel comfortable talking to Jeff.  He seems pretty reasonable and easy to talk to.  Plus, he knows a lot about Enron stuff.  You will want to discuss the risk memo with him, copying Sheila I guess.  Ask Jeff.  Like I said before, I'll back you up on whatever decisions you make, for whatever that's worth.  My folks  number (just in case you lost it) is 817 292 3367.  Ciao,  Kay 
 Did I send this to you yet? 
 My only comment is that the word "lease" should be deleted from the heading in paragraph 3 of the assignment agreement.  Kay 
 Karen,  I have in hand the Ledford agreement.  My only comment is that on its face it does not appear to limit the Ledford's to the relief described (no sole/exclusive remedy clause).  Does that occur by operation of law in Illinois?  Thank you for your assistance.  Kay 
 I'm out of pocket the rest of the week. I think the best description is the general Enron Corp description.  It is very generic, and is found at the bottom of all Enron press releases. If I get access, I'll forward it to you - unfortunately I can't access it now.  It is one of those "Enron is a leading blah blah blah" things.  Lots of help I am! 
 I know you don't have enough to do...  I can't access the press release part of the Enron intranet site.  There is a blurb that appears at the bottom of all Enron press releases, which is one of those Enron is a leading blah blah blah.  If you can easily find that blub, would you mind forwarding it?  Sorry for asking.  Kay 
 Here is the current draft for your review.  In addition to the changes which were made, there were some valid comments made by Beck and Christi, which I think need to be addressed, but can be addressed in the definitive agreements.  Please revise carefully and let me know if you have any comments.  Kay 
 Jeff,  It looks like Ben has made some good progress with GE re:  Blue Dog turbines.   This really helps.  As you can see,  I now have email access.  Kay 
 I've spoken to the Brunini firm in Jackson.  Kay 
 FYI.  Please call me on Monday to discuss, if possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm out of town, but can donate next week.  Kay 
 First order of business.  Again, we can discuss this on Monday.  I think Ben (or one of his minions) called Carolyn and asked her to be on a telephone call today.  I have reacted with righteous indignation, and Carlos is going to tell her it is not necessary for her to be on the call.  I really hadn't intended for Carolyn to work on this transaction.  Talk to you Monday.  Kay 
 As best I can tell it isn't essential; however, it would probably be helpful.  I know you are on holiday, so if you have something else going on, I wouldn't worry about it.  I can always call you later.  Kay 
 We are contemplating selling the Blue Dog turbines to NorthWestern.  I've been out of town with a sick dad, so I'm not clear who has been in the loop and who hasn't.  However, since these are TurboPark turbines, I wanted to make sure you are aware of the deal.  It is the commercial teams desire to enter into an exclusivity arrangement as soon as possible.  Sorry for the short notice - today is the first day I've been able to pick up my email.  Kay 
 Hi Rusty,  Here's my only comment, which I sent directly to Karen.  Kay 
 Hi Dan,  What's the latest with Suzanne?  Is she home yet?  Do you have her home number/address?  Thanks,  Kay  PS  I'm still out of town. 
 Thanks.  We'll call you around 100.  Kay 
 Chris,  Please do not ask outside counsel to participate in a call, undertake a task, or do anything without talking to me, Carlos, or another Enron lawyer first.  You do not need to call Carolyn and tell her not to participate.  Carlos has taken care of this already.  Kay 
 Will there be a "pre-call" for the Enron team?  Kay 
 I'm still out of town, but now I have email access.  Did your CA get taken care of?  You mentioned that you feel like we can use Tex-Mex as a go-by.  Do you have electronic copies of the development agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I saw that Michael Young was included in the email regarding the 100 conference call, so I thought he was planning on phoning in then as well. When will he be calling in?  Kay 
 Hi John,  I'll be glad to consider using Aaron.  Let me take a look at the agreements first, before we commit.  Did Bob Carter work on these agreements?  He might have copies, and he won't charge us for them.  At least I don't think he will.  Thanks for your understanding and patience this week.  Kay 
 That will help. 
 Evidently Ben told Chris to call.  This is an on going problem.  Kay 
 I sent it to Ken and Mike.  They had difficulty opening it, but did get it= =20 open this am.  I haven't heard back since then.  Herman wants to meet on Thursday or Friday to discuss structure.  What do y= ou=20 think?  The Willard was booked, so I'm staying at the Monarch, near Nancy's office.= =20 I'm taking flight that gets to DC around 1100. =20  We received an email from Allyson that indicates that we may be able to get= =20 some deadlines set so that the CPCN is issued by November 1.  She says it i= s=20 muy mal to begin construction before it is issued.  Do you want to have a conference call this afternoon with Nancy to discuss= =20 the draft PPA?  Kay 
 Sounds perfect.  Unfortunately, Bart works on West deals.  I'll talk to my boss (Jeff Hodge) and see what he says. 
 March 23, 2001   =20 Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street=20 Houston, TX  77002-7361 Attention:  Benjamin F. Jacoby Executive Director  Re:  Acquisition of General Electric 7EA Turbines  Ladies and Gentlemen:  Pursuant to our discussions last week, the following summarizes the main=20 commercial terms agreed to by NorthWestern Corporation (=01&NorthWestern=01= 8) and=20 Enron North America Corp. ("ENA") regarding NorthWestern=01,s purchase thro= ugh=20 the LLC referred to below or as otherwise accomplished without violation of= =20 the Turbine Contract referred to below (the =01&Purchase=018) of two (2) Ge= neral=20 Electric (=01&GE=018) 7EA combustion turbines (the =01&Turbines=018), the f= irst of which=20 is presently located at a GE storage facility, and the second of which is= =20 scheduled to be available for delivery in February, 2002, and both of which= =20 are subject to purchase from GE under an agreement with GE dated as of May= =20 31, 2000 (the =01&Turbine Contract=018) with respect to which ENA has the r= ight to=20 cause a joint venture limited liability company in which, prior to commerci= al=20 operation of the Turbines, ENA holds a 20% equity interest and a wholly-own= ed=20 NorthWestern subsidiary (the =01&NorthWestern Subsidiary=018) holds an 80% = equity=20 interest (the =01&LLC=018) to become the purchaser:  1.  Purchase Price:  NorthWestern will pay ENA $48.0 million for the Turbin= es=20 (subject to adjustment as described below). [Adjusted how?  Need specific= =20 reference. Is the statement that the payment is for the turbines consistent= =20 with the structure?  Definitely sounds like a UCC deal,  for what that=01,s= =20 worth.] 2.  Closing Date of Purchase:  The Purchase will close on a date on or prio= r=20 to September 1, 2001, as selected by NorthWestern by not less than 30 days= =01,=20 written notice to ENA,(provided that such notice may not be given less than= =20 30 days after the signing of a definitive agreement relating to the=20 Purchase).  [What happens at closing?  Payment of the balance?  In the=20 interim are we going to be obligated to perform under the GE contract in a= =20 certain manner?  Are we taking on implied obligations to NW?] 3.  Cash Down Payment:  NorthWestern will pay ENA an $8.0 million down=20 payment for the Turbines.  The first installment ($3.0 million) of the $8.0= =20 million down payment will be due upon the signing of a definitive agreement= =20 with ENA providing for the Purchase.  The second installment ($5.0 million)= =20 of the $8.0 million down payment will be due at the earlier of (i) closing = of=20 the Purchase, or (ii) July 15, 2001. [The remaining $40m due at closing, as= =20 well as any other amounts due to changes, etc?] 4.  Liquidated Damages:   If, prior to the assignment of the Turbine Contra= ct=20 [is proper reference to closing?], the purchaser under the Turbine Contract= =20 receives any liquidated damages under the Turbine Contract, then ENA will= =20 give notice thereof to NorthWestern as promptly as possible. [Then what?] 5.  Carry Period:  ENA will provide an interest-free carry on the unpaid=20 purchase price of the Turbines until July 15, 2001. If the closing of the= =20 Purchase occurs after July 15, 2001, then the unpaid purchase price of the= =20 Turbines will be increased by interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum on the= =20 unpaid purchase price of the Turbines ($40.0 million) for each day from, an= d=20 including, July 15, 2001 to, but excluding, the closing date. 6.  Dual Fuel Conversion on Unit 2:  ENA will not proceed with this change= =20 order to effect the conversion.  Instead, it will be the responsibility of= =20 NorthWestern to effect the change order with GE.  [does this mean they will= =20 be negotiating a change order while E Next is still the purchaser? Are we= =20 committing to pay for the increase?  Does the purchase price increase?  Is= =20 there a limit?] 7.  Unpaid Price of Second Turbine:  At the time of closing, one or more=20 installments of the purchase price of the second Turbine will be payable to= =20 GE under the Turbine Contract (the =01&Unpaid Installments=018).  ENA will = be=20 obligated to pay the Unpaid Installments to GE as they become due under the= =20 Turbine Contract.=20 8.  Guarantees:   There will be no guarantee by Enron Corporation of any of= =20 the representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities or other obligation= s=20 of ENA in connection with the Purchase.  All obligations of the LLC under t= he=20 Turbine Contract, as well as all obligations of the NorthWestern Subsidiary= =20 to ENA in connection with the transaction, will be guaranteed by NorthWeste= rn=20 Corporation.  [governing law? Limit on remedies/damages for this letter? Dispute resoluti= on?  NorthWestern and ENA have acknowledged that, subject to review and approval= =20 of the structure of the Purchase and the negotiation of final documentation= =20 relating to the Purchase (which documentation will incorporate the commerci= al=20 terms set forth above), the above commercial terms have received all=20 necessary NorthWestern and ENA internal approvals. [Is this true for Enron?= ] =20 In light of this acknowledgement, NorthWestern and ENA (by signing this=20 letter in the space provided below and returning the same to NorthWestern)= =20 agree to negotiate, in good faith, to agree upon such structure and such=20 documentation, with a view to executing and delivering a mutually acceptabl= e=20 definitive agreement relating to the Purchase as promptly as practicable. F= or=20 the avoidance of any doubt, it is expressly stated, acknowledged and agreed= =20 that each of NorthWestern and ENA must be satisfied with such structure and= =20 such documentation in its own discretion.  [I question whether there is enough wiggle to keep this from being a bindin= g=20 obligation to sell]  By agreeing to the commercial terms set forth in this letter (by signing th= is=20 letter in the space provided below and returning the same to NorthWestern),= =20 ENA grants NorthWestern, and NorthWestern grants ENA, an exclusive =01&no s= hop=018=20 period through the close of business on Friday, April 13, 2001; and ENA=20 agrees that, during such =01&no shop=018 period, ENA will not discuss or ne= gotiate,=20 directly or indirectly, with any person or entity other than NorthWestern f= or=20 or in respect of the purchase or other acquisition by such person or entity= =20 of the Turbines; and NorthWestern agrees that, during such =01&no shop=018 = period,=20 NorthWestern will not discuss or negotiate, directly or indirectly, with an= y=20 person or entity other than ENA for or in respect of the purchase or other= =20 acquisition by NorthWestern of turbines from such person or entity..  As=20 consideration for ENA agreeing to such =01&no shop=018 period, NorthWestern= will=20 pay to ENA, via wire transfer on the date of receipt by NorthWestern of ENA= =01,s=20 signed agreement, $1.0 million (the =01& No Shop Payment=018).  The No Shop= Payment=20 will not be subject to refund by ENA for any reason or upon any circumstanc= e=20 (including, without limitation, failure of NorthWestern and ENA to agree up= on=20 the structure of, and enter into a definitive agreement relating to, the=20 Purchase). =20  If ENA is in agreement with the foregoing, then please so indicate by signi= ng=20 this letter in the space provided below and returning the same to=20 NorthWestern (by facsimile at 605/978-2840 and to the attention of the=20 undersigned).   Very truly yours,   NORTHWESTERN CORPORATION     _____________________________ By: Michael J. Young Title: Senior Corporate Counsel     AGREED AS AFORESAID AS OF THIS 23rd  DAY OF MARCH 2001:   ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.  ________________________________ By: Benjamin F. Jacoby Title: Executive Director   [Need a different Enron signatory] 
 Hi Bart,  I think it is an East deal, so I wouldn't think it would be dumped on you.  I just think it is nice to see the good stuff.  Kay 
 Please put Carlos Sole on the notice list.  Thanks,  Kay     Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/23/2001 03:31 PM 
 Hi there,  Feel free to leave me an email about anything you are working on, as I will be available next week and onward to cover for you.  In fact, if you want to stay home and go with KS to her dr's appt on Monday, I'll be there to cover. In fact, just PLAN to not be there, and if you are, it is a bonus.   I don't you worry about anything when it gets to be baby time.  If you do figure out remote access, I can email you questions and you can answer when it is convenient.  Paige is almost 21, Michael is 6.5.  It goes fast!!!  Ciao,  Kay 
 my cell phone is charging, give me 30 minutes.  ckm 
 John or Marissa, please call me at your convenience on my cell, 713 304 8716.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  I don't know what I think about this email.  I will say that I've heard good things about Clark, but haven't worked with him.  Also, there is a big difference between a transmission project and a power project, since tranmission assets are treated differently from an accounting standpoint. Obviously, I don't consider the question of who is handling this (internally or externally) to be resolved, pending further discussions.  Kay 
 Hi there,  Just confirming a 200 CST Enron team conference call.  Is this going to work for everyone, with the exception of Carlos, who is now excused?  Kay 
 Allyson says we can scratch around in the dirt a bit (I'm paraphrasing), so I'm sure some site preparation is ok.  I'm not sure I like her availability stuff as inserted. Maybe we should leave some space for some wording, but not give them actual language today.  It is such a big issue, I hate for us to get into a box which won't work.  I'm going to check around again for the OEC stuff.  I still haven't seen anything.  I'll tell Nancy we will meet her in her office around 11:00.  As for meeting with Herman, should J Keenan be included as well?  Kay 
 Opps.  I should add that Mr. Hodge has a free pass to miss this and all other NW phone calls.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Ben,  I'm at home if you need to reach me before the call, 713 973 6325.  Kay 
 So how do you say "bitch" in Spanish? 
 I have  a better chance of remembering "mamona".  I have to build up to the good stuff.  My home number is 713 973 6325.  If call notes picks up, try me on my cell at 713 304 8716.  Did you find the fax?  You can fax it to me if that speeds up you getting out of the office.  Call and let me know.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben/Chris,  Unless something new comes up, I think we finished the letter agreement.  I'm awaiting a revised draft now, and if it is acceptable to NW, they will sign it and fax it to me tomorrow morning.  Maybe on Ben's layover we can have a discussion about where we go from here from a schedule standpoint.  Talk to you tomorrow,  Kay 
 I'm looking at it now. 
 The changes look fine to me.  Kay 
 Wonder how much worse it would have been if we had started with a doc that you and I liked. 
 John,  Thanks for driving in to the office so you could send these emails.  Don't forget to mail the hard copy.  I appreciate your help.  This deal will need it.  Ciao,  Kay 
 Hi there.  I'm trying to put together a meeting on Thursday at 200 to discuss the VEPCO project.  How does 200 look for you?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Bob,  Any info?  Kay 
 Hi Reagan,  Sure.  I'm digging out now.  Kay 
 Kathleen,  Carlos has Illinois, so keep him copies please.  Kay 
 Thank you so much.  I'm really looking forward to seeing the Rangers, and what a great place to see them.  Kay 
 Works for me.  Kay 
 Suz's temporary replacement can't find the Matagorda Fair receipts I left for Suz.  We may been to call to get duplicates. 
 I thought about you every day, but I figured you'd be better off with peace and quiet.  My dad is doing fine.  He is very relieved to have it over with.  Last week was just nuts.  Are you still in a lot of  pain?  It takes a while to get your strength back, so don't push it.  Your body has a lot of healing to do.  Aren't you glad you used the Torso Track so that you had decent abdominal strength? It is amazing all the things you use those muscles for.  I can't tell you how much I miss you.  Take care, and I'll write if there's any good gossip.  Kay 
 What's your phone number? 
 Herman says he has a lot of accounting issues to go over, and I thought it would be best if we all heard the same thing at the same time, plus, how the heck is this puppy going to get financed? 
 Wilson,  Please call me when you have a minute.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you re-send that summer camp website address?  The one I got on the page didn't work.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It was operator error.  Do you know the hours of summer camp?  I put a call in to ask, just in case you didn't know.  I kinda like the Methodist angle, and the swimming pool.  He needs more swimming lessons.  Kay 
 hours are 7-630, program runs 9-4.  Maybe we should try church there.  I found the receipts.  We should have taken the forms with us to the auction to save time.  Oh well, live and learn.  Pork chops and spinach?  ckm 
 Gentlemen,  Attached is a clean version of the LOI.  Originals are being sent to Bob and Marvin by FedX tonight.  Regards,  Kay 
 Let's see if I get your address right this time.... 
 I was wondering what I was going to do in my spare time! 
 Good morning,  How about 130 today for a conference call with John's new best friend?  ckm 
 I'll leave that up to you.  We can make faces and pass notes if you come over, but I suppose that isn't essential to the transaction. 
 My recollection is that the original ABB contract was assigned into TurboPark without revisions/restatement/consent, or a break out contract.  I think EECC had the typewriter on the original contract.   I quickly  looked in my TurboPark binders, but didn't immediately find the ABB contract.  There was a breakout contract done for the CA Development deal, and Pete Thompson (with AK out of DC) would have generated that document.  It wasn't approved by the TurboPark team since it was entered into by the Enron LLC post TurboPark.  I wasn't involved in the Fountain Valley transformer contract, but my guess would be that Pete Thompson worked on it.  The footer you described sounds like an AK footer.  Kay 
 Amen.  To complicate things, the process is relatively new, so the originators/developers aren't experienced in working through it. 
 Pete,  Please send John Schwartzenburg a copy of the Fountain Valley transformer contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Right. 
 I'm thinking MK may not be email proficient.  Also note WordPerfect documents.  I bet her secretary had to come into the the office on Sunday. 
 Are these ok with you? 
 These are both pending, but just so you know they exist, I'm sending this along.  Once these are signed I'll send you copies.  Kay 
 I had a brief conversation with Herman Manis, and he tells me that there is a different interpretation of accounting rules relating to power plants. Strangely enough, the change is one which should (I hope I hope) make power development projects easier.  In the past, we ran into problems anytime we wanted to build a power plant and take megawatts off of it.  Herman tells me that the current interpretation now focuses on the operation and maintenance of the plants, and not the power purchase agreement relating to the plant. This change in focus should make power development deals easier to structure.  I would still like to set up an Intro to TurboPark meeting with Rose Engeldorf.  Rose is currently involved in a push a couple of deals in the West this week, so it may be a bit before we can get it set up.  A meeting with Herman would also be helpful.  Maybe we can buy him lunch and quiz him on these new developments.  Kay 
 Thanks for the reply.  I found it on her desk!  Kay 
 Tonight is yoga night.  ckm 
 much grass 
 I don't see a problem with it. 
 Whichever is better for Charlotte. 
 for your information and email folder 
 Hi Karen,  Sounds familiar.  I'm sure you checked this, but in some of the GE contracts, the parent guarantee provision is under the purchaser's responsibilities section, near the beginning of the contract.  A strange place for it.  Good luck,  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  Can you open this attachment?  Kay 
 Michael is off school April 13 and 16.  I have 3 deals which are supposed to close around then, so I'm not optimistic.  If possible, I will take at least one of those days.  On the summer camp, if we use a camp by you, we will probably lose Charlotte for the summer.  Does that matter to you?  Kay 
 Remember the count down! 
 Suitable for printing. 
 I'm not aware of an override agreement with ABB.  ckm 
 Could you fax to Heather and Ozzie at the same fax as last night?  Thanks,  Kay 
 If someone can give me the name and address of Montana Power, I can finish the exclusivity agreement today.   Kay 
 Fyi 
 I agree it is Matt, and  I believe he has reviewed this tax stuff (or at least other turbine K's) before.  His concern will be us getting some amount of advance notice before title transfer (ie, delivery).  Obviously, he might have some other comments as well.  I'm happy to send him the latest, or maybe he can access the site?  Kay 
 I got this from Carlos from a deal he and Carolyn have worked on.  Note that the language sounds familiar.  Someone must have sent this form to NorthWestern.  I suspect an Enron person.  Kay 
 I didn't know there was one. 
 Well, Ben's POA is executed, it is just a matter of getting some of the poa's for the subs worked out.  Come see me whenever you want. 
 I haven't read this, so I don't know if it is anywhere close to your deal, but here's a bootleg copy of the Frontera agreement, just to give you a sense of some type of starting point.  Kay 
 Here's a draft for your review.  We should talk about the generator before this is sent to MPC.    Kay 
 Yes and no.  They were supposed to call at 5am to see if they should come in at 700 (space permitting).  If no space is available, they are to go in at noon.  I'm guessing they went in at 7, since I think he would have called to say they haven't gone in.  Just a guess, though.  He has his computer at home, so I think if he was sitting around he would drop us a note.  Kay 
 I only have you out on April 5 and 6 on my calendar.  Is there another day? 
 We need to cancel Michael's appt with Sharon for that Monday.  Also, why don't you try to find at least 2 people to go with you to the Astro's game on Tueday.  I'll come if I can.  ckm 
 I'll nose around here. 
 Mitch/John,  Here's the form of LOI I was thinking of using, in draft form.  I don't know how much information we are prepared to fill in on the term sheet.  If we don't have enough to fill in we can always skip the term sheet for now.    Kay 
 Per your request. 
 Good.  Does that mean I'll see you there? 
 AE,  When you get a minute please send me your favorite option agreement so that I can get it Hermanized.  Thanks,  Kay 
 No room at the inn for today and probably not tomorrow.  Carlos says he will be here tomorrow unless something happens tonight.  Kay 
 You shouldn't have told Ben. 
 Hi Carlos,  Jake called and said he wants to sign up Delta tomorrow (Friday).  I had a conference call with John, Carolyn and Rick Vincens, and we are pushing forward.  If you read this, could you tell me about any critical issues. Also, has there been a risk memo started, and has Accounting signed off on the structure?  I'll get up to speed on this during the evening, and will take your deal toy when the deal is done.  Kay 
 John,  Note their lawyers are Paul Hastings.  We need to take that into consideration.  Kay 
 Gracie,  This is one of the ones I cancelled, since I haven't taken Wellhead to Burner Tip yet.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've just returned to the office, and will handle the changes as suggested.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Excellent observation.=20 
 Is this for the  turbines being sold to Delta as opposed to the new replacement equipment?  Thanks,  Kay 
 What do you think of this? 
 Thanks! 
 FYI. 
 Well, things are hopping around work!  Dan and I have barely had time to say hello, and you know how I am about getting my dose of Dan.  I've got several deals going great guns, so you know how that goes. I had lunch with Stuart and Kathleen today, and that was fun.  Neil and I have a date night tomorrow, so we are trying to decide what to do.  I suggested we just walk around the downtown hot spots, if the weather is nice.  I've got diamond seat tickets for next Tuesday's opener.  I'm going to tell Ben that I have female problems and have to go to the gyno so he will leave me alone.  I figure if that doesn't do it, nothing will.  Neil gets to go with me, which is really nice.  It is a 4 o'clock game, which I think is a neat time.  Daylight savings time starts next week, so I guess the sun will be setting as the game ends.  I'm glad baseball season is back, although I did gave away our tickets to tomorrow's game.  Carlos and his wife waited around all day to be called in to go to the hospital so she could be induced.  Texas Women's was too busy to take them. They finally called them in at 700 tonight to come in, so I guess they will have a late night.  You bottle of bubbly is in my kitchen.  I keep hoping to have an hour to bring it by.  I figure it will be good  no matter when you get it.  My transfer to Power Trading is back on.  I think some of the work I do is transferring with me, but I'm not sure.  In short, I don't know what the difference will be.  It isn't supposed to happen until May, so I'm not giving it too much thought.  Elizabeth gave me a brochure for another seminar - this one in Newport Beach at the Four Seasons.  I'm liking the sound of it!  I miss you terribly, as does Neil.  Take care and get well quickly.  It isn't the same without you!!!!!  Kay 
 Hi there,  I don't know who has or wants to look at the deal docs, but here's the main one.  I'm giving it a close look this am, since I haven't been involved in this deal for a little while.  Herman, this is the transaction we discussed on the phone a couple of weeks ago.  Lisa and Catherine, I'm pondering the logistics of selling the new turbine in the pack with the current ones.  I have a call in to Lee Johnson to discuss it with him, just to make sure he is on board. I know it can be done, we just have to figure out the paper trail.  Chip, I haven't received the Hancock letter yet.  Stephen, your close review of the document would be greatly appreciated.  Talk to all soon,  Kay  PS.  Anna Claire Sole arrived at 200am today. 
 fyi 
 Hi Pete,  I have a fire drill for you.  This contract needs to between Salmon Energy LLC and GE, with no agency reference.  In other words, a CA Development form.  Any chance of getting this today?  The delivery dates on one of the turbines will be changing, as is the payment schedule.  Also, the designation of one of the turbines will change.  Salmon will be receiving units 19, 20, 23 and 28 (a new one).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nancy,  Thanks for the wonderful turn around time!  I glanced through the interconnect.  It includes arbitration (poor Dutch) and equipment outage as force majeure.  Gee, what's good for the goose should be good for the gander.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 I don't know why I have trouble with your email address. 
 Hi again,  I'm going to have some tweaks on the letter agreement, but please go ahead and distribute to Delta for their review.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes.  How's that for an answer.  I think you want to revise against this version, since this is the latest version Lee has seen, then blackline against the 20th version.  THANKS!!!  Kay 
 Did you mean for your home number to be on the out of office message?  Kay 
 Just go ahead and turn it, putting in a [Note:] for any missing pieces.  That will make it easy for me to search.  Thanks, and have a good weekend.  Kay 
 Most recent version. 
 Becky.  I had four days of vacation, March 19, 20, 21, 22.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Stephen  is trying to set up a conference call at 200 re Delta.  Please advise if this doesn't work for you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ed,  Although this email was directed to EI lawyers, I was under the impression that this was a Corp policy.  Maybe I was wrong.  Kay 
 Have I written you back yet?  It is such a zoo, I can't remember.  I've started this email 3 times.  I'm going to the Astros game on Thursday in the Diamond seats.  I'll watch for Ric.  Both Neil and I will be there.  I love those seats.  That's where I'm sitting on opening day, also.  I'm sure you will be at a game soon. Remember how nice it was this time last year for those first games?  It is no nice with the roof open. How many games do you have tickets to this year?  They have James Coney Island outside today.  I ate most of two hot dogs.  I bet I'll be sleepy soon.  I brought them back up here, so my office will probably still smell like chili when  you come back.  Guess I'd better get back to work.  Rest up and get well.  Kay 
 Chris Calger wants the financing CP removed, and we have a call scheduled at 200 to see if we can get to agreement with Delta. 
 4. If during the Term, MPC determines it does not desire to proceed with th= e=20 purchase of the Turbine, MPC shall promptly notify ENA in writing, and this= =20 Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of the date of ENA= =01,s=20 receipt of such notice or the expiration of the Term, without any further= =20 liability of either Party to the other hereunder.  If, during the Term, ENA= =20 determines in good faith that it is unable to negotiate for the sale of the= =20 Turbine due to circumstances relating to the generator, it shall notify MPC= =20 and refund the Consideration. 
 I got a form that consultants sign, and I'll compare them.  Kay 
 Larry left me a voice mail.  Would you mind calling him and telling him that I am tied up on a conference call that is likely to last until 500, so I can't call him until after then.  I would really appreciate it!!!!!!!!  XXXXXOOOOOO  CKM 
 I'm on a conference call which I hope will end by then - a deal we are trying to close today.  YIKES!!!!  Kay 
 I would guess "yes".  I don't know that I like the idea either. 
 I feel bad.  I'll at least leave a message for him this weekend. 
 Gentlemen,  I have made the revisions to paragraphs 16 and 22 as suggested.  I have also changed the state designation of the Tarheel notary to Texas.  If this version is acceptable, we will execute originals and forward to you. Do you need more than one original for the optionor?  Thank you,  Kay 
 I'm on the phone with Mark H. (the big guy) 
 I would love to take you up on it, but I'm already lined up to go.  I'll take a raincheck!  Thanks for thinking of me.  Kay 
 I'm an expert at being a rabid fan and excellent arm chair manager.  I keep waiting for the Skipper to call for advice.... 
 We are trying to close with Delta, and they saw a March 20th draft.  Also, I had it  revised to take out E Next and substitute the llc.  So now I have two versions.  Just trying to get it clear.  I've spoken with Lee about revising the contract to pick up the new contract, leaving the "old" turbine in the master agreement, to be included in the LV Co Gen break out contract.  Couldn't be simpler.  Kay 
 You have excellent sources. 
 You might check to see if this looks like the one in the binder.  I believe it is one and the same.  Kay 
 Hi Lee,  Here is the new turbine contract, blacklined against the March 27 version.  I look forward to speaking with you soon.  Kay 
 I have taken what I believe this is the most recent form of the GE turbine contract, changed to reflect the difference in purchaser, and filled in some of the blanks.  I have compared it against the Delta redline that Rick sent me this afternoon, after having accepted Delta's proposed changes for the purpose of running the comparison.   The notes included are placeholders since I wasn't clear if these items will change with the equipment swap.  GE is also reviewing Salmon Energy Agreeement version 2.  redline   Thanks,  Kay 
 For your reading pleasure. 
 Hi there,  I suggest that we have an Enron only call at 230 central on Sunday, in advance of the  300 call with Delta.  I believe the call in number is 877 232 0064, pass code 25581#.  Kay 
 Here's a list of the transactions that I can foresee in connection with the VEPCO deal.  Please feel free to add others:    Kay 
 Comments from Enron Finance. 
 I came in too late to know whether it was offered or asked for, but yes, it is a deliverable.  The Delta deal is being financed, so they are asking for a lot of docs, including a letter from GE counsel.  To make it more fun, there are complications with the GE consent on the Pastoria deal.  It is not a happy time between GE and Enron, but I hope it will smooth over quickly.  More to come.  Kay  PS.  Still no comments from NorthWestern. We need to talk about how scheduling problems Easter weekend if this thing drags on. 
 I agree.  They are really taking their time.  It makes me think that they would sign up as is.  What an optimist!  Kay 
 is this your flight?  Have you seen your ticket?  It isn't in my name,  is it? 
 Wow, you are up early for a man of leisure!  Kay 
 That's my One Pass number.  ckm 
 Here's the latest revision of the Delta letter agreement. I'm reviewing it now.  Kay 
 I wouldn't call them until after you've taken the flight! 
 Hi Kent,  I don't know whether Lee has mentioned the Delta Power deal that we are working on.  We are taking 4 turbines and putting them in an LLC, and selling some of the interest in the LLC to Delta Power.  Three of the turbines are turbines formerally known as LV Co Gen turbines, and we are buying new LM's to replace the ones we are using here.  In any event, Delta Power is financing the deal, and they have asked that we get GE sign off on the attached documents.  Therefore, I would be interested in your response to the attached.  I understand that Lee is in New Orleans today, but I'll send him a copy anyway.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've sent down the draft interconnection agreement we received from VEPCO for your review.  If you don't get it tomorrow, let me know.  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  Could I get a copy of whatever the latest version is of the GE consent for Pastoria?  We have a potential deal coming up to move some frames out of TurboPark, so I would like to see the current state-of-the-are version.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  Are the performance numbers the same as the original master numbers?  I recall some email traffic on this.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I didn't tell them, so the rumor mill must be working. 
 That sounds really interesting.  Let me see if I can change one appointment to make it work.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I guess go back to the original contract performance numbers.  The other numbers must be specific to the site for the Las Vegas project.  Kay 
 We've reserved the two upstairs bedrooms which are connected by a porch with telescope.  Do you have a prefence as to which you want (just is case we get there early)?  You can look them up at http://www.bbhost.com:8008/moonlightbaybb/  We have Moonlight and Roses and Moonglow.  Ta ta for now,  Kay 
 I would think the policy would still be in place, but I don't remember what it is. 
 Units will be 19, 20, 23, 28 (no serial # on 28).  I think the amounts and pricing stays the same. 
 Carolyn and/or John, could one or both of you give me a call as soon as  you are available for a conference call with Chris Calger, Steve and me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Danetta,  I heard a rumor that you are the one to look at this stuff.  I know that you recently went through the process in connection with the Fountain Valley transaction.  I'm happy to serve up those forms to Freshfields if that makes it is easier for you.  My number is 713 345 7566.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Anything else for the term sheet?  Feel free to add it and return to me. 
 Here's what GE is signing up for this week.    I would like to see their opinion letter.  Kay 
 We have a conference call at 200 with Delta.  If you are interested in returning to the deal you are welcome to jump back in. I suspect the letter agreement will be signed sometime this week.  With closing to occur later this month.  It is up to you.  Kay 
 Yes, this stuff is for the purchaser's bank. 
 No problem. 
 Danetta worked it for the  Fountain Valley project.  How long has she been here?  I didn't know there was anyone other than you. 
 Hi Gaye,  We are looking forward to seeing you and Earl this weekend.  We will have 9 for dinner, not counting the 6 year old who will have eaten (although he will eat a piece of bread, if offered).  I just hate to pay for a real dinner for him when I know he won't be interested in grown up food.  If it isn't too much trouble, could you email me the menu?  We will be bringing beer and wine.  See you soon (just not soon enough),  Kay Mann 713 973 6325 
 Sheila handled FV.  Today was the first day I had seen them. 
 Hi Chip,  Have you seen anything from Hancock re Delta?  I haven't.  Thanks,  Kay 
 We are going to hold the limits the same in this contract, and take the extra on the purchase on the replacement equipment.  Kay 
 The issue is getting an assignment agreement that GE will sign.  I've requested copies of the docs signed on the Pastoria deal, which is the most recent GE frame assignment transaction.  That should be our starting point.  Kay 
 Opps.  No, I don't have anything yet.  I got a message from Ben 2 hours ago that said to hold off on Montana Power.  Did you hear differentlly? 
 Hi Lee,  I haven't checked to see if the PS Stabilizers are included.  How does this look?  Kay 
 Ok. 
 This will be yours when you get back - same counterparty as Tex Mex, I think.  I'll finish this and forward you some other docs.  kau 
 You may have these for Tex Mex.  John expects to use something similiar on the coal plant, but obviously that is up to you.  Kay 
 Allyson,  The nondisclosure agreement is acceptable for the our purposes at this time.  Kay 
 New and hopefully improved version, changing confidentiality and the statement in the term sheet on structure.  Kay 
 I'm ok.  Theresa Zucha has generously offered to help me with my expense account, which I really wasn't comfortable asking Warren to do anyway.  Thanks for asking.  kay 
 How does Wednesday look for a conference call?  Kay 
 Ben called this am and said we can go ahead. 
 I remember that the longer I played softball, the bigger the women were. When I was in my late 20's and early 30's, I played men's league, and I think they were smaller than the women! 
 I had a momentary lapse.  Too many turbines, not enough time! 
 Carolyn,  Please send to the counterparty (subject to further Enron review).  I suggest a conference call with Delta at 100 to discuss where we are.  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  It would be great if we could talk this week.  I'm under the gun right now, but will you be available on Friday for a chat?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Well, you know how casual lenders are about commitment letters... 
 I thought you were supposed to have your toes in the sand in Florida.  I'll have to check with Kathleen on the details of the documentation for the various development companies.  If there are a couple most active we can put those on the top of the list.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Lets at least get the Florida ones done.  Any idea why she didn't go? 
 Attached is a slightly revised turbine contract.  The performance values have been modified, as I believe the previous draft had site-specific numbers.  It is redlined against the version you received last Friday.    Kay 
 Please see the two additions below. 
 Hi Rhett, I'm working on one of these turbine transfers via the sale of 80% of the equity of the LLC.  I'll forward the operative docs to you right away.  In any event, here's a change the counterparty wants to the tax language in the letter agreement.  Kay 
 Here's the letter agreement I referenced in my other email.  Kay 
 Hi again,  Delta Power will be making revisions to the LLC for tax purposes.  I've given them your email address to include you in the distribution.  Kay 
 Absolutely. 
 Acknowledgments of General Electric Company   General Electric Company (=01&GE=018) hereby:  (a) acknowledges that the assignment by DevCo to LLC and quitclaim by ENA= =20 to LLC of all of the Assigned Rights is permitted under Section 22.2(a)(vi)= =20 of each of the Assigned Contracts and furthermore, agrees to such assignmen= t=20 as contemplated by this Agreement; and  (b) acknowledges that, as of the Effective Time and pursuant to Section= =20 22.2(b) of each of the Assigned Contracts, (i) all references to the=20 Purchaser or the Agent in each of the Assigned Contracts shall be deemed to= =20 be references to LLC, (ii) the Assigned Contracts and the Assigned Rights= =20 (which include, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any and= =20 all associated warranties in connection therewith) and Assumed Obligations= =20 shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of LLC, (iii) each of= =20 DevCo and ENA shall be irrevocably relieved of and forever discharged of an= d=20 from all liability  under the Assigned Contracts, and (iv) GE shall look on= ly=20 to LLC for the performance of the Assumed Obligations assigned pursuant to= =20 this Agreement. 
 Hi Bobby,  Ok, here's another detail:  what's your web address?  Maybe Annie and Katie can come for a visit when things settle down.  I know Michael would be delighted. We could take them to the Pink House, if they preferred. Neil and I have talked about wanting them to visit for awhile.  I realize there are lots of detail to attend to in the next several weeks. If there's anything I can do, please let me know.  You and your family stay in our thoughts and prayers. I can't imagine what you, your dad and sister must be going through. I can relate to Katie and Annie, though, as the loss of each of my grandparents caused me a lot of sadness. I know they were close to your mom, and spent a lot of time with her.  What a wonderful gift of memories they must have, and what joy they must have brought to her life.  Love to all,  Kay 
 YUMMY 
 Not that this is a big deal, but I heard a voice mail from Mark stating that Lance is the DASH guy while Mark is in DC.  Maybe that was deal specific.  Maybe we can grab something quick and eat upstairs.  I am underwater. 
 I'm swamped.  I got up at 430 to work this am.  Got here at 7 yesterday so I could go to the game.  Those young uns recover quickly, don't they?  Still missing you,  Kay 
 Warren helped a little yesterday, and Theresa has offered to do my expense account.  I'll limp by miserably until your return.  Kay 
 Maybe Mark doesn't know about Lance's trip. 
 I don't think so. 
 It would help if you could take a quick look at these few changes.  Kay 
 Hi Lee,  Can you confirm that the retention amount for the "old" turbines? I've got $705,200 per.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Best wishes! 
 I don't have an electronic version yet either.  If you don't get it today, I'll fed ex a copy to your office for when you return. 
 Hi Carlos  If things aren't better next week, I may need ask for your help (ie, dump this).  It depends on how Delta and Yazoo City shake out.  Hopefully, it won't be too bad.  Be sure to check out the black line.  Kay 
 We have a conference call at 300, and you are welcome to join us! 
 Hi there,  Could someone email me the latest version of the AIP?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Never mind.  Lee sent it. 
 I hear your deal blew up.  What happened?  ckm 
 Hi Jeff,  I'm tied up on an endless phone call, but wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I got your voice mail, and will get back to you shortly.  Kay 
 Steve is in my office and he agrees with the approach. 
 I'm checking with Steve.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nancy,  I've made a list of the transactions I see in the VEPCO deal.  Perhaps you can think of more.  I would appreciate your suggestions for B & P lawyers to assist with these various aspects of the deal, with local counsel input as necessary.  Additionally, I would like to have someone in the Houston office involved for backup. last minute meetings, etc.  Thanks for your help.  Here's my list:  Power Purchase Agreement with Virgina Power (VEPCO)  Interconnection Agreement (VEPCO)  Land option/due diligence/purchase (Electicities)  Sale of land to the City of Rocky Mount (CRM)  Possible Annexation Agreement (CRM)  Payment in Lieu of Taxes Agreement (CRM)  Gas Supply Agreeement (CRM)  Land lease (CRM)  Fuel supply (oil)  EPC Contract (NEPCO or other)  Assignment of turbine contract (GE?)  Purchase of other long lead items  Permitting  Operations and Maintenance Agreement 
 Hi Carolyn,  I can't recall whether Delta et al have seen a draft of the escrow agreement (and instructions) yet?  Is this one in the works?  I suspect GE may want to see it in connection with the giving of their consent.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  Per my voice mail.  Kay 
 Here's a starting point.  I've tried to bracket stuff with open issues like this [ ], but I'm sure there are more questions than [ ]s.  I'm really unclear on the financial aspect of the deal.    Reagan, I didn't stop to put the exhibits you sent in, as I thought it was better to get the doc in your hands (and Mr. Fairley's) for a detailed review.  Kay 
 I've sent a draft to you and Reagan via email.  There are questions and blanks in it. Kay 
 Well, don't get too excited until you read it.  There's lots of stuff I just had to put place holders on, but we'll get it all filled in.  Kay 
 It is good airplane reading. 
 #2 sounds like the CA Development structure to me. 
 I don't really like the organization of it much.  I think things need to be moved around and re-organized. 
 Looks like our exposure is less than $25,000.  Please call me.  Kay 
 See you there. 
 Clark,  FYI.  Kay 
 Wrong week - that's next week! 
 Maybe he cancelled this week since he is out next week. 
 I need a legal opinion.  What is a non-purchase order? 
 Could  you please email me what we think are the execution version of the letter agreement and the substantially complete llc agreement?  Also, how many execution copies will we have?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Charlotte,  Just confirming that you will be picking Michael up today, and I will pick him up at your place around 615.  He has clean clothes to change into.  Thanks,  Kay 
 oh boy 
 fyi 
 It may be closer to 630.  Is this still ok?  I'll call first, of course. 
 Mitch,  Has the letter gone out?  Kay 
 Hi Lee,  Pete Thompson is preparing the LV Co Gen break out contract based on the version generated last week that you and Bill Williams had agreed to (or so I think), but incorporating the AIP stuff where approproiate for the new turbines.  We need to have the Delta break out contract signed by April 11th, so I'm hoping to have the LV Co Gen contract today or early tomorrow for all to review.  That way, you can look at both at the same time, and sign both at the same time.  Pretty nifty!  Thanks,  Kay 
 re: Coal fired plant we discussed with Mitch and John. 
 Hello there,  Here's the LV Co Gen break out contract with the assortment of turbines, including the 3 turbines from the new order.  I haven't quite figured out the route, but I think this is the correct destination.  Due to the Delta schedule, it would be very helpful to get closure on this form by April 10th.  Kay 
 This is the form which needs to be cleaned up.  I may have a cleaned up version.  I'll check.  Kay 
 Roger Ondreko left the company (or is leaving soon).  Herman brought Billy Flemmin (sp?) yesterday, and Billy seems to be involved in a bunch of stuff.  Your tax guys are Matt Gockerman (state) and Rhett Jackson (federal).  Kay 
 I didn't pick this email up until this am, and I don't have the beginnings of the 2nd draft with me.  Will DF be in today?  Kay 
 Deborah,  This is the most recent email I have from Mark.  It gives an overview of the project.  I'll check for other pertinent emails.  Kay 
 Any ideas? 
 Please try Gail Brownfeld, 713 345 3632, or, Gail.Brownfeld@enron.com.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Well, I believe I'll bring something cool, comfortable, and casual.  Or, maybe jeans.  I don't have a very large selection, since most of my clothes are either work clothes or beyond casual (yard stuff).  I have a couple of Hawaiian shirts, so I'll probaly pick one of  those.  Neil will wear shorts and probably a Hawaiian shirt, since that is what he almost always wears when he isn't working!  What do you want to do about lunch tomorrow?  I can bring something, or we can just tell Mom we ate on the way.  You know how she frets about such things.  Or, we could pick up Sonic if someone is hungry.  We'll have some type  of snacks for Michael, I guess, since he's at the age where he eats constantly.  HMMMM.  More to think about! 
 Nice touch, sending this the day after the letter agreement was signed.  Can you enlighten me on the ENA procedures and sensitivities to these types of docs?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I believe he is going to Reliant.  ckm 
 They have a financing out in the letter agreement.  We have to use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver GE consents, but I don't recall anything about in other financing docs.  Is someone in the dept designated as the opinion reviewer?  Kay 
 Here's a new one.  Kay 
 Christi,  per your email.  Kay 
 I would really appreciate your advice.  I have to learn it somehow, and I know that you have an excellent idea of what works.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Tax Gurus,  Here comes another turbine transaction similiar to CA Development and Salmon Energy.  This one is with NorthWestern.  I need to run some tax stuff by you, so here 'tis.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Kent,  I can get a redline done for you if you want to tell me what it should be redlined against.  I don't know about getting rid of the requirement for the inhouse counsel opinion.  Maybe after you look at things we can discuss it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 2nd try.  Hope it works. 
 Hi again,  I just called Mom and told her our plans.  She says Dad has no clue.  She vacuumed on Monday or Tuesday, and he asked her who she was expecting to visit the next day. HA HA HA.  I told her that we are all very proud of ourselves for not blowing it.  Dad doesn't know I called today, so I can call him tomorrow when we are on the way, talk to Mom and let her know when we will be there.  It won't be that weird for me to call on a Saturday morning.  She say Larry and Beverly left today, so we can park in their driveway and be sneaky.  I'm so excited!!!  Kay 
 We are supposed to try to have the break out contract by April 11, and I think the consents and stuff that same week.  Kay 
 Final version agreed to by April 11th. 
 fyi 
 I had to leave early Friday to pick Michael up, so obviously, today (Monday) is fine.  I appreciate your advice, especially on the opinion.  Thanks,  Kay 
 The balance due to GE is being escrowed at closing, with standing instructions to release payments to GE on a fixed payment schedule.  I will email you the current draft of the instructions.  Kay 
 Hi there,  I decided to work from home this am due to a headache.  Kay 
 They've asked for much the same from GE.  Kent is reviewing the docs.  I'm at home with a sinus headache, but I'm working.  Kay 
 Hi Reagan,  Could you locate, cut and paste and email me the definition of "native load" from the Entergy tariff?  I need the location of the interconnection for the defn of delivery point.  Aren't we missing some time in the defns of On/Off Peak that you gave me. Aren't 2 hours missing?  Is on/off peak an everyday thing, or seasonal?  What are we going to do about defining profit (and costs)?  Do we need to give a place for meetings, and if so, where should these meetings be? (13 c).  More to come...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Would you mind faxing me the schedules you emailed me last week?  713 973 0287.  I'm not hooked up to my printer, and it isn't working so swift, and I would like to be able to look at everything at one time.  Muchas gracias,   Kay 
 We need to keep in mind the 30 day deadline to provide notice.  We don't want to give them any room to wiggle. We can always send another notice later.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Would you rather do lunch tomorrow? 
 My computer is plugged in to my phone line so I can sit on the bed and work. I feel puny now,  but maybe I'll feel better later. 
 How do you feel about making Enron an advisory member of the Marketing Committee?  I'm concerned that we will run afoul of Miss law regarding control.  Would this create a problem for us?  Kay 
 Big hole in the doc without the profit stuff.  Any ideas? 
 I'm sure Friday will work well.  It should be quiet at work since it will be Good Friday.  I know your pictures will be spectacular.  ckm 
 Christi is the one who told me to ask you about native load since you have the tariff.  Small world.  This is getting tricky.  We could ask Oz but I wouldn't want to upset DF.  It just seems like a big deal to leave out of the draft.  Kay 
 my printer just froze, and I want to look at the doc to finish the reorganization.  Could you pretty please fax me the first 14 pages (I have the last).  Also, could you look at the stuff I've highlighted in yellow.  I haven't put all your comments in, but I will in a minute.  Don't get discouraged, the draft is closer to finished than it looks, it is just the changes are in my head.  It won't take too terribly long now.  I've set up the exhibits as a separate document to make it easier to move around the doc.  I think it would be kind of strange to send a draft without the most basic of commercial terms included.  Stranger things have happened of course!  Many thanks.  Kay 
 I heard Pat Radford is leaving, and you know Bob Carter is leaving, right? 
 I don't feel as bad as I did when I woke up.  My face hurt so badly.  Neil was so sweet bringing me hot washcloths.  It really helped. I'm running a low grade fever, and I know it is a sinus infection.  I took a really hot shower around 5 this morning, but it didn't help much.  Advil helped!  I spent a lot of time outside yesterday, and I'm paying for it. 
 I figured you knew, but I thought I'd better be certain.  I'm wondering about Bart, too.  Bob said he (Bob) is getting a nice raise, and I heard he got a signing bonus.  Oh, I heard it from Dan,, so you probably know.  Are they looking for someone to replace Pat?  I like Glenn, the temp on 31 who was working for Ben.  I don't know his skills, but he is great on the phone.  ckm 
 Since I've had to miss the first 2 meetings due to travel, is it possible for me to drop off my check and pick up any materials?  Thanks,  Kay 
 PP will own 80% of SE, Enron owning the remaining 20%. 
 DAMN.  I hate it when I do that! 
 This is a BIG deal! 
 Let's see if I can attach it this time. 
 I'd better ask Delta on that one, since there is a financing involved.  I believe PP to be a wholly owned sub/project co, but I'll confirm.  Kay 
 Would it help if I found the name of some finance contact at Delta Power?  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  GE has asked for an explanation of the relationship of Pegasus to Delta Power (in other words, the equity structure).  Could you please ask Greg if DP can send an email with that explanation, so that I can pass it along to GE.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  Please make arrange for distribution to the Delta team.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  Please send GE's comments to the Delta team.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks,  I'll pass along  your comments.  Kay 
 No.  I'll have Neil check (he does all that stuff). 
 I think I'll just take off until you get back! 
 I checked with Chris earlier today and he hadn't heard anything.  The ball is clearly in their court, so I guess we just stand by.  I plan on being back in the office tomorrow.  Talk to you then,  Kay 
 I should be in the office in the am. 
 Actually you picked a good week to make the transition since we'll be at the law conference Wed-Friday.  You can ease into things again without us hovering.  Kay 
 Steve, I know that we specifically included the stabilizer in the Salmon deal. Please confirm that it belongs there so that we can finish up the break out contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 What a mess! 
 CC,  Do you still have the contact info for the escrow agent?  If so, it would be great it you would contact them directly.  The turbine contract is going back and forth between us and GE.  I expect that it may well be ready tomorrow.  I expect the Enron opinion letter to be an issue.  Kay 
 Hi David,  Reagan struck all the references to the Fuel Plan.  I think the specific obligations would fit nicely in the scope exhibits, but we can put the stuff in the body of the contract if that's better for you. It just seemed that it would easier to work  with in the exhibits.  Kay 
 Does Bill know this?  Lee is going to want to know that you guys are on the same page.  Kay 
 Pete,  Could you call Bill and discuss?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'll be glad to assist. 
 3850, through the wooden doors.    Enron North America Corp. 
 What is wrong with these people?  Who faxes? 
 Chris,  I haven't heard when they expect to have their financing.  We are finishing up the break out contract with GE, and assuming we tender it tomorrow, they will have until April 19th to fund the escrow.  Kay 
 Sounds like both need to stabilizers.  Kay 
 Jerry,  I didn't receive the fax you referenced yesterday.  Please resend to me at 713 646 3491.  Kay 
 I was referencing your question about power and gas activity obligations when I raised the issue of putting it in the exhibits (which we have done pursuant to discussions we had last Friday)  My point on the fuel plan  was that Reagan deleted it, which was fine with me.  There is language in the contract addressing Enron's responsibility to buy gas and fuel oil for the facilities.  Kay 
 English as a second language? 
 This will be a big help, thanks!  Kay 
 Even then we could send faxes to the right numbers.  This is ridiculous. Tick tick tick. 
 I hope I'm in town! 
 Isabel,  If you will email me your contact info, I will pass it along to GE.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Did you ask Lee for a finance contact?  I can't remember.  Kay 
 Team Salmon,  Carlos will be working the Enron consent/opinion docs.  I suspect he is looking for a seat at the closing dinner, but the help is appreciated regardless of motive.  Carolyn, the form of the escrow instruction letter looked fine.  I spoke with GE about the turbine contract, and I am optimistic that we will have the "final form" today.  Ciao,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Thanks.  ckm 
 Fine by me. 
 John,  The fax is coming in as we speak.  Guess it takes a while to fax it to all those addresses.  Would you mind call Jerry Jerry BoBerry and see what he will tell you is the substance of their issues, and share with him our issues.  I don't see a reason to kirk the whole clan for that experience.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It finished arriving around 1100 cst.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FPL, Entergy Merge in $7 Billion Deal NEW YORK (Reuters) - FPL Group Inc., the parent of Florida Power & Light Co., said on Monday it would merge with Entergy Corp. in a stock deal worth $7 billion to create the largest U.S. power generating company. The combined company would have a total enterprise value of more than $27 billion, consisting of $16.4 billion in equity market capitalization and $10.7 billion in debt and preferred stock, the companies said. The merger is expected to immediately boost earnings for both companies. Under the terms of the agreement, FPL shareholders would receive one share of a new holding company for each FPL share held. Entergy shareholders would get 0.585 of a share of the new holding company for each Entergy share. Based on the companies' closing stock prices, the deal would value Entergy at its market value of $7 billion, or about $30.89 per share. FPL shares closed Friday at 52-13/16, off a year high of 56-5/8 but up from a low of 36-3/8. Entergy stock ended at 30-5/16, off a high of 31-3/16 but up from a low of 15-15/16. SHAREHOLDERS' APPROVAL REQUIRED The combination must be cleared by shareholders as well as federal regulators. FPL and Entergy said they hope to complete the transaction within 15 months. ``The merger combines two strategically aligned, financially healthy companies into an organization that has no equal in the industry,'' said J. Wayne Leonard, Entergy chief executive. Leonard will serve as president and chief executive of the combined company while FPL's chief executive, James Broadhead, will serve as chairman. The deal was billed as a merger of equals but gives FPL shareholders 57 percent of the combined company and eight of 15 seats on the board of directors, the companies said. Once combined, the new company is expected to see annual cost savings of $110 million to $150 million in its regulated businesses derived from eliminating duplicate corporate and administrative positions and programs. Competitive businesses should see annual cost savings and revenue enhancements of $40 million to $125 million and capital expenditure savings of $50 million to $100 million, the companies said. FPL and Entergy said they will seek to ``minimize workforce effects of the merger'' through a variety of unidentified efforts. In addition, both FPL and Entergy have authorized stock buyback plans, together worth $1 billion. FPL plans to repurchase $570 million shares while Entergy is looking to buy back $430 million in stock, the companies said. 
 Of course, this doesn't apply to any funds held in a jointly owned  bank or trust account, right?  And when you say "do not", what do you mean?  Does that mean do or does it mean not?  You are confusing me. What does "is" mean, after all?  As I'm sure you recall, Bob Vote handled the last one.  Richard Sanders is the EWS litagation manager, so Mark would probably like for him to know about it.  Richard seems decent.  Kay 
 You're a better man than I am, Gunga Din.  Kay  PS.  Please tell me you shared this info with Rob W. 
 Depends on how much time you give me. 
 I have a 300 meeting, so I'm sending this as is so that David can print a copy.  I have not yet integrated all of his changes, although I have dealt with the profit/savings and QSE.  Is the scope of scheduling services in the exhibit the same as the Scheduling (aka QSE) stuff?  Later,  Kay  ps Reagan has the latest exhibits. 
 When we were part of Julia's group, waivers of consequentials in CA's were not standard. I don't know if this was due to an ENA policy (doubtful).  If we are the one giving important information, we shouldn't want to waive it automatically, because consequentials will be the most likely result of the other party's breach. Therefore, in unilateral agreements where we are giving the info, I wouldn't want the waiver.  In the reciprocals it would depend on the circumstance.  If the other party is doing most of the sharing, I would want it.  What say you, Carlos?   Kay 
 Wow.  I wonder how long it will take for me to get a good handle on this stuff?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a few comments from our finance folks which I am reviewing now.  Kay 
 Cool. 
 Believe it or not, they have not mentioned an extension.  They figure we can sign on Friday.   When do you want to talk?  Kay 
 Scott,  Carlos Sole' is supporting Mitch and John's efforts relating to BPUB, ie, coal fired generation.  Any contracts for that effort should be coordinated through Carlos.  Carlos will assist with the coordination of the finance and accounting requirements.  Due to the complexity of the issues some lead time is necessary.  Unfortunately, there are no "forms" for generation projects (given accounting/finance requirements), or any assurance that a contract that worked a month ago will work now.  My preference is that contracts not be sent to counterparties prior to ENA (or EECC) Legal review.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kathy,  I will be out of town on Thursday and Friday, and will therefore be unable to attend.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Cynthia Kay Mann kay.mann@enron.com I approve invoices and work from remote locations. 
 yeah yeah yeah 
 I'm back.  Last night my little boy was sick, so I guess it was a virus.  I feel good today.  CA time.  Kay 
 Thanks!  Kay 
 Welcome back.  I know you are probably really busy.  Paige will be coming home on Thursday.  I told her we might not be leave for PH until Saturday.  I want Michael to be able to go to the Easter egg hunt here if he wants to.  I don't know Paige's plans beyond Thursday.  Since you've been out of town so much, would it help if I took off Friday so that you can catch up?  That still leaves Monday.  Glad you are back!  Kay 
 I love free stuff, even agreements.  Any calls from 33?  Kay 
 for your info 
 Hi Tax Gurus,  I was out when you called the other day.  Since then, we have another version of the docs anyway.  Would you like to schedule a time to discuss this with me and outside counsel?  Kay 
 Monday is bad for me.  The rest of the week looks good.  Kay 
 Hi there,  I thought I'd check back to see where we are on the Delta (Salmon) break out contract, now that we know that the stabilizers should be included.  How's it looking?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Suzanne,  Please schedule this week's conference call for 930am on Wednesday, and include the usual suspects:  Sheila, Scott, Rose, Mike Barnas and Kent Shoemaker.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Are you and Herman ok with this?  Kay 
 Hi Herman,  This is another turbine transaction.  I think there will be another turn of this doc soon, but I want you to have a heads up.  Kay 
 Are you in the loop on this?  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  I haven't forgotten you, I just got tied up.  This is a very preliminary draft, but thought you should take a look at it. I don't need a detailed analysis, I just want you to have it so that we can discuss the impact of Mississippi law.  I am specifically interested in discussing the following:  waivers of consequential damages, limitations of liability  legal status of MDEA (I'll send you the info of what I have)  dispute resolution and jurisdiction  restrictions on confidentiality restrictions  any other aspects of the agreement impacted by Mississippi law  I don't need any memos, just a discussion.  Thanks,  Kay 
 yep 
 fyi 
 Me again.  Here's the version I referenced in my earlier email.  I believe we need to restore the stabilizer stuff, but I wanted to get agreement.  Thanks,  Kay 
 GE has been negotiating with Freshfields (just like you will be soon) so I don't know what the current version looks like.  Kay 
 Again, Kent is negotiating this directly, so I don't know what the current version looks like.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Hi.  I'm kinda tired this morning.  I guess I just need a bit more sleep.  Michael tried to push the envelope this am.  He wanted to eat some more after he had brushed his teeth (I told him breakfast was over, so no more food) and wanted to go back in to get a toy to take (nope).  He handled the frustration ok.  Do we have anything planned this weekend?  Ta ta for now,  ckm 
 I'll forward your email to Neil. 
 Thanks for writing - I deleted your message and then hopped on another conference call.  How about 330? 
 Here's some stuff for us to discuss.  Kay 
 Want to join me? 
 It isn't necessary unless you want to. 
 This is the first of two emails I'm sending you.  Lee revised the Salmon contract you did, and now it needs to be "unrevised" in these ways.  Kay 
 2nd of 2. 
 Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds good to  me. 
 Attached is the form interconnection agreement provided by Virgina Power, for your information, review, etc. It is a new form which is currently under review by VEPCO.  Kay 
 Do you want to come to my office for the call?  If so, could you PLEASE PLEASE bring me a caffeine free diet coke?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  The conference call went fine with NorthWestern.  They really want to get their hands on the contract and the change orders.  I told them you were talking to GE about it, and we will get them the contract ASAP.  Here are the issues:  If we terminate due to their default, they want the additional $5m to be liquidated damages (ie, our exclusive remedy).  They still want the right to talk to GE, specifically about the terms of the assignment to the LLC if we are having difficulty getting GE consent.  They want to be able to exercise their call (or take an assignment) of the turbine contract earlier.  They are willing to take the risk with the GE warranties.  This is a relationship issue.  It is also their biggest issue.  On an interesting note, Intergen wants you to sign a consent to the transfer of all the equipment to Sweetgum. Do you know if Lee knows about this?  Ciao,  Kay 
 fyi 
 This is preliminary.  I'm supposed to get with our finance folks tomorrow to get it finished.  This is ok to send to NW with that understanding.  Kay 
 Good morning.  Please call these folks and see if you can set up a meeting of the East Development team either Tuesday or Wednesday:  Ann Elizabeth White Carlos Sole Kathleen Carnahan Barbara Gray Jeff Hodge  The meeting shouldn't last more than 45 minutes.  Please reserve us a conference room on this floor.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think Lima would make a great bobble head.  You better get there early.  I received an email from Alfons telling me he was resigning from Technip. I'm clueless why he sent it to me.  Talked to Gerry last week.  He says he is going to put his Kingwood house on the market.  Hmm.  I hear lots of the old gang is working with him now.  Have you gone to your reunion yet?  How was it?  Gotta go home but I didn't want to not write back today.  Hope you find all your Easter eggs.  Kay 
 This SHOULD be it.  Please circulate, including Lee.  Thanks once again,  Kay 
 Hi Warrren,  Could you please print all of these attachments for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I hope this is the last version.  Stay tuned!  Kay 
 I'm trying to locate a copy of the contract to purchase the 501D5A turbine to see if we need to be aware of any issues in the contract. Do you have a copy?  If not, I can probably get a copy from EECC.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nothing from Ben yet.  If I don't hear from him in the next couple of hours, then I think we should be ready with an extension letter, giving them a couple of days extra for free.  Ben indicated to  me last week that he would give them some time once they asked.  MK called with questions on the assignment - nothing serious.    Kay 
 Just in time for the weekend.  I hope to take tomorrow off, by the way.  Paige is coming in tonight, and Michael has the day off from school.  Kay 
 Maybe having 2 kids and an SUV makes you feel older. 
 I'm tellling everyone that I'm taking off tomorrow.  ckm 
 Does that mean we will do the pre-pay? 
 Me again.  I forgot to ask you to look at 4.7, 8.3 and article 6 of the LLC agreement.  Just want to check.  Kay 
 I don't know either.  Kay 
 I'll look but nothing comes to mind. 
 These are the current drafts, not the ones I sent earlier.  Kay 
 We are getting close on this one relating to the Blue Dog turbines.  I'm reviewing these drafts in detail, and expect that there will be another turn.  Just wanted to give you a heads up.  Kay 
 Both of those sound pretty good.  Paige is so excited.  She got a $1000 pay check. 
 YIPPEEE.  Carolyn,  I think we should tender by email.  Kay 
 Thanks for all your efforts, and consistent responsiveness.  I hope you have a great vacation.  Kay 
 I've raised some of the issues with NW.  We are working on some of it.  A meeting is a good idea.  Kay 
 Please do.  I"m on a long conference call.  Thanks,  Kay 
 29 Inverness Park Way, 77055 
 This triggers Delta's obligation to fund the escrow, which now must occur on or before April 20.  If they get their financing in order, it will fund sooner. Therefore, Carlos is working on the drafts of TurboPark documents.  Kay 
 I would go with Sheila's approach.  I don't see a reason not to.  Kay 
 I have some folks who want to option some land in New York.  Do we have a company for New York yet?  If not, I seem to recall that we were going to start using one of the existing companies for land options instead of creating a new one every time.  Am I remembering that correctly?  Basically I'm looking for the company name to use in an option.  Any suggestions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 PROMISSORY NOTE  $___________________________ ___, 2001  For value received, [TURBINE LLC], a Delaware limited liability company (A Borrower@), hereby unconditionally promises to pay, or cause to be paid, to the order of NORTHWESTERN GENERATION I, LLC (ALender@), a wholly-owned and indirect subsidiary of NorthWestern Corporation, the principal amount of ______________DOLLARS ($____________) (the APrincipal Amount@), in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such term in the Letter Agreement, dated April [_], 2001, between Enron North America Corp. and Lender (the ALetter Agreement@).  This promissory note (this ANote@) evidences the NorSub Purchase Price Loan made by Lender to Borrower on the date hereof pursuant to Section 2(d) of the Letter Agreement; and the proceeds of such Loan shall be applied by Borrower on the date hereof as required by Section 2(e) of the Letter Agreement.  The Principal Amount shall be due and payable, in full, on written demand of Lender.  No interest shall accrue on the Principal Amount.  Borrower waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of nonpayment or dishonor and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note.  This Note may not be changed or terminated orally, but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement or any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought.  This Note shall bind Borrower and its successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of  Lender and its successors and assigns.  THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (DETERMINED WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW).  [The balance of this page is intentionally left blank.]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date hereof.  --  NY/333181.1      [TURBINE LLC]  By: NorthWestern Generation I, LLC, its Manager  By:  NorthWestern Growth Corporation, its Manager   By: _______________________________ Name: Title: 
 I think this will change a bit, but it gives you some history. 
 We had our daily phone call with NW.  I don't know that we really have significant  points of disagreement.  They understand that we are working some accounting issues, and they have a general idea of what we want to do. I suggested that we come up with the work arounds with our accountants, and I will think about it this weekend.  I have a couple of ideas but I really want to mull it over.  They look forward to receiving the turbine contract.  Chris, could you forward the draft change orders with it?  One point they raised is that they want the ability (with GE consent) to have us refund the future payment due to GE (less 7% for time value of money), retaining the payment obligation.  All of this is post closing.  They are putting up a full blown parent guaranty to GE for the turbine contract, and since the payment should only be around $4mm, that would probably be acceptable to GE.  Keffer et al will issue revised documents tonight.  There are no calls scheduled tomorrow or this weekend, giving everyone "quiet time" to review the contract.  Other than the accting issues, this should be about it.  We deferred discussions about an extension until Monday.  Kay 
 Here's the electronic file. 
 I'm sure this doesn't  matter, but I'm in Jeff Hodge/Barbara Gray's cost center.  Just so long as I get paid!  4-13 was a vacation day.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Sounds good to me. 
 I think we'll still have the breakout contracts, which are essentially finished.  Kay 
 Way c ool. 
 fyi, Steve should work with Ms. Clark to determine amount of payoff is required for TurboPark.  Obviously, this is impacted by the date of payoff.  We have discussed with GE et all the prospect of a changed order to the existing master contract for the new ones.  So far, no one can find a problem with that approach.  Kay 
 FYI.  I haven't read it yet.  Kay 
 John,  Here's ABB's wiring instructions:   The  wire transfer has to be sent to ABB Trafo, S.A.  Our bank  coordenates and account number are:  Bank : Deutsche Bank Address : Calle Concepci?n 4 14008 Cordoba-Spain Swift Code  : DEUTESBB Account no. : 0019 0481 18 4010007594  Notice should be sentto:  ABB Trafo Michael Sandridge P. O. Box 42802 Houston, Tx 77242-2802  facsimile: (713) 821-3527  Comments to the assignment will come separately.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 IT IS RAINING!!!  I hope it is raining at the house.  It looks like it probably is raining all over town.  Hope you get some there.  Neil's address is nmann@erac.com.  Paige's address is recordp@southwestern.edu.  She can get her email from Houston (don't ask me how).  We had a great time this weekend, too.  I'm glad it worked out so well.  I thought it was very relaxing.  I would love to have the recipe for the beef.  I will probably go to North Carolina Wednesday, returning Thursday or Friday.  Take care!  Love,  Kay 
 I don't know if this helps, but here is the MDEA charter info.  Kay 
 Hi Bruce,  There's a Christie Patrick who is a VP of Government Affairs.  I'm wondering if this isn't the same person you referenced.  I don't know her.  Regards,  Kay 
 Enron as the buyer or seller?  I have an Enron as the seller (kind of a weird deal, but at least it has most of the issues), but I can check around to see what else is on the network.  Kay 
 We have our staff meetings the 1st and 3rd Wednesday at 130.  I missed the last one, so I should make it to this one.  Kay 
 Thanks.  I've been trying to puzzle my way through this.  Kay 
 I don't think she's in.  You might want to leave her a voice mail. 
 I would like to sign up for the new garage, please.  Thanks,  Kay 
 1.  One director 2.     Probably Global Finance, depending on the structure of the deal. 3.     Humm. 4.    I guess I see the question as the overall role of outside counsel in the transaction.  Good discussion item.  Kay 
 You deserve to be pampered.  I hope it works out so you can go.  I think it would be a hoot.  Kay 
 Sheila stopped by to let me know that it is ok for me to give you a hand on the lease term sheet.  I've stopped by a couple of times today, but I've missed you.  Please let me know if you still want my help, and if so, if you have any additional information, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Got it. 
 Hi there,  I suggest a brief status call tomorrow at 100 central to assess where we are and what we need to finish.  How does this time work for everyone?  Thanks,  Kay 
 That would be great.  Thanks.  Kay 
 100 pm 
 I wouldn't worry about the call.  We are just collecting to do lists.  I'm thinking a half hour.  Kay 
 Carolyn will send out dial in instructions. 
 Hi there,  I am meeting with Ben tomorrow to discuss NWestern.  I'm fairly confident that he will be willing to extend the letter agreement, but he hasn't called me back today to confirm.  Ms. Kahn and I have exchanged voice mail.  Could one of you return her call for me?  I'm tied up.  You might get an idea on some times tomorrow for a call.  I'm booked until around 130 for anything which would last more than a few minutes.  I'll check with Ben.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Thanks.  I'll prepare Ben.  Kay 
 So far so good. 
 Taffy,  please let Ann Elizabeth know that we will reschedule the meeting.  Kay 
 Yes and yes.    Enron North America Corp. 
 We expect Delta to fund escrow this Friday.  I will be suggesting to Delta that we close on April 27.  Any insurmountable problems?  Kay 
 Hi there.  We need to discuss the Federal Power Act and checking the box.  Kay 
 How does this look to you? 
 I heard a rumor that there is a new leader for EEOS.  True?  Kay 
 fyi. 
 Ben wants to know if you, Marissa and Carolyn are available for lunch tomorrow at 1130.  How does it sound to you?  Kay 
 Yikes!  I just realized that tomorrow is Mason's birthday party.  I know Michael would love to go.  Both my husband and I work, but I will attempt to take off and bring him.  Thanks for the invitation.  Kay Mann 
 Here it is.  I guess she didn't make my reservations. You might want to double check.  Obviously, I do not need a car.  I would like to get these reservations asap for the upgrade.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Ben is ok with the extension.  Ben and I have a meeting with the accountants at 200 (just got scheduled - got to take the apptment when we can).  I'm happy for you guys to go forward with the call. Ben and I will join later if we finish in time.  Kay 
 I say go ahead with the call to work through any nits etc.  We will need a follow up call anyway, once we know what to do to meet the accting objectives.  This means you won't be available at 200 to talk with the accts, but that's ok.  Finalizing the extension sounds good to me.  Kay 
 This is the rock gym party.  I bought presents for this and the Houstonian party, which is next Wednesday.  Kay 
 I suspect that Chris Calger will be signing the certificate instead of Janet Dietrich.  Please use my cell phone (713 304 8716). 
 Old Katy Road. 
 Hi Taffy,  Did the Pompano Beach meeting get scheduled?  Kay 
 Hi Matt and Ed,  I need the corp docs for Salmon Energy.  Do one of you gentlemen have this? We are getting close to closing.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  What does Enron need to do to get the escrow account set up?  Is there something Steve needs to do?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't know.  I hate to spring it on her.  Maybe suggest it for next week at the Houstonian. 
 Ed,  To clarify, the Edgecombe we were discussing is in North Carolina.  The New York deal is a separate deal.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carlos Sole will be working on it, so I'll let him answer the timing issue.  Kay 
 Accounting and Finance tell me that wiring GE directly from escrow is ok.  Kay 
 Here's the suck up list. 
 I had a vegetarian sandwich. 
 I can't remember. 
 Please confirm that the signing of the amended LLC agreements will effectively remove the current Enron officers and directors.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please tell me that this isn't the morale booster.  Kay 
 Hi Chris,  We need to coordinate the setting up of an escrow account with Treasury.  We will use Citibank. I believe either Rebecca and/or Kathleen worked on this on the Intergen deal.  Can you help?  Also, do you have an address for the location of turbine 1?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Good.  I don't know that a going away party for someone leaving for Mo Money is a morale booster.  Got another head hunter call.  Market must be picking up.  ckm 
 I've made a list of issues Heather and I have discussed based on VEPCO's=20 suggested revisions.  Some of the issues are commercial, some legal, some= =20 just reminders.  Comments are appreciated.  1. Term.  What will we accept?  2. Availability:  single computation despite source of power (market or=20 facility). Is forced outage the correct concept since we want to have some= =20 discretion, and LD structure should apply even if power coming from the=20 market?  Note VEPCO=01,s insertion of a new event of default under 7.1 for= =20 failure to deliver energy when the Facility is not in a forced outage. =20 Liquidated damages language still ok?  LD=01,s should apply regardless of= =20 scheduled source of power =01) no cost of cover for market power.  3. Our position is that Contract Capacity set at contract signing, then=20 adjusted (if necessary) based on performance tests, not subject to adjustme= nt=20 after that time: ditto for the demand charge.  What is the right number for= =20 the Capacity?  Is there a benefit to Enron to have a correction curve exhib= it?  4. Failure to complete facility suggested as a termination event.  Is=20 September long enough?  5. We need to be able to supply from either or both sources (market and=20 facility) during a day, but this doesn=01,t give us right to change during = the=20 day after the schedule is set.  6. Note the Start Up definition (as suggested by VEPCO) and how it is=20 applied.  Reject 50% requirement at this point, subject to their explanatio= n.  7. Note: construction of the facility now required (2.3).=20  8. Define commercial operation.  9. Confirm that Enron has sufficient protection from interconnection=20 failures/delays.  10. Day ahead scheduling (3.4)  Are we ready to commit?  11. Number of start ups. (2.3 e)  12. Force majeure =01) consistency with interconnection agreement, relief f= or=20 certain equipment failures.  Is concept logically developed throughout the= =20 document?  Note distinction between market and facility power in force=20 majeure language.  13. Dispute resolution:  arbitration vs. litigation/venue. Virginia law?  14. Change in law.  Counter with CIL as termination event?  15. Exhibit A =01) Heather is working on this.   Kay 
 Payment Schedule. Payment Date	Payment Amount April 30, 2001	$50,234,000   TOTAL	$50,234,000  Such April 30th payment shall constitute full and final payment for the Units, except that Purchaser shall be responsible for the payment of any and all amounts associated with any Change Order after the Effective Date. The final payment is also subject to Section 6.1.3.  Also, Delta has suggested that we add in language for the adjustment due to site conditions.  I added language to Exhibit A-1.  Both of these edits are from the CA form.  Kay 
 Good timing.  You mentioned that there were a couple of things you thought should be added to the "employee/consultant" form.  Could you email me the topics so that I can take a look and make changes.  Once again I expect to be on an endless conference call, but I can work while I talk.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Matt,  Carlos gave me a file folder with the Salmon filing docs.  I need the corp books with share certs, as we are selling the member interests and expect to do so with share certificates.  I need it by Friday if at all possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  Could I get a updated closing list?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. I'm reviewing. 
 For those who don't think we are balance sheet sensitive... 
 The following language/numbers are acceptable to GE:   6.1.2 Payment Schedule. Payment Date	Payment Amount April 30, 2001	$50,234,000   TOTAL	$50,234,000  Such April 30th payment shall constitute full and final payment for the Units, except that Purchaser shall be responsible for the payment of any and all amounts associated with any Change Order after the Effective Date. The final payment is also subject to Section 6.1.3.  The form of the letter of credit is included as an exhibit to the turbine contract (exhibit D) and the form of GE parent guarantee is attached as Exhibit C-1.  Kay 
 I'll look at Michael's CA and Sr. Sole' will take care of the native Americans. 
 Hi Warren,  Could you please print these for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sounds good.  We may not need the entity in New York yet, as we are looking at getting a free option, not anonymous.  Deals kind of funky.  Correct on the Edgecombe (North Carolina) thing.  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  Have we seen the security agreement yet?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Opps.  I hear I should have sent this to you.  This is one of Jake's deals.  Kay 
 Is this ok? 
 Or the lien. 
 Hi there,  Have you had a chance to look at this yet?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I just called Ben.  He had mentioned the Four Seasons yesterday.  I'm waiting for him to call me back.  Kay 
 I missed you and your wiseass comments.  Glad you're back. 
 Carolyn,  We are good to go  on the ENA consent.  Kay 
 I may go home and work after I take Michael.  I'll call. 
 I don't think this agreement  will be on the agenda until next week.  If things change (moving up or back), I'll let you know.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I guess I'd better cancel.  Thanks for the reminder.  Kay 
 Hi Ed,  Here's a certificate of incumbancy we need to Jake's Delta deal.  Can you handle signature?  We can work with a fax today, but will need a fully executed original for the bank.  Jake, we put a couple of Houston guys just in case something comes up.  We have assumed that you will be executing the docs.  If there's any problem with the list, please let me know.  We need this document to set up the escrow account today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Hi Kathleen,  Here's another deal like CA Development. We'll be doing the certificate of incumb. today, I think.  Kay 
 David Duran can sign the certificate.  Can he certify his own name?  If so, we want him to also be a signatory.  Authorized signers should be Dave Duran (managing director),  Michael J Miller (vice president) and Kevin Presto (vice president).  Kathleen, please verify the way these guys like to sign their names, and current titles.  Let me know if you think we should use someone else.  Chris, we need a name and a call back number for whoever will be watching for the wires.  They will be a call back person. Other call backs are me (using cell phone 713 3047816), Ben Jacoby (415 265 8365).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please give Marissa this info.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Isabel,  I'm waiting on Delta to give me language concerning a performance guarantee adjustment for site conditions before turning the execution version.  The GE parent guaranty and LOC are in the all the earlier versions I sent, and remain unchanged.  Please let me know if you don't have the earlier versions.  Kay 
 Let me think about it. 
 Hi Reagan,  Have you revised the exhibits to clarify the scope of scheduling services?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Rose,  I hate to be a pain, but we are trying to sign up Northwestern this week, and the last thing we have to do is the assignment and assumption agreement.  Any break in the log jam with McKay?  Kay 
 Please print and put in folder "Northwestern documents 4/19".  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nearly final docs.  The change they want in the LLC is the addition of a statement indicating that for tax purposes this is a  single member LLC, or something like that.  The promissory note is felt to be necessary due to the adjustment mechanism for any change orders.  Has something to do with them getting all the basis.  Kay 
 Congratulations on your new adventure.  I'll miss having you as a neighbor and a colleague.  Kay 
 Can you sneak me a copy of the latest draft? Maybe I can negotiate with Ben.  Kay 
 No comment. 
 You asked for the exhibits.  Kay 
 Ever get the POR info? 
 Hi guys,  Here's a list of questions as I'm working through MDEA.  Actually, some are questions, some are reminders of things you were going to send me:  Receipt Point - need def'n  RR Load info - I was going to plug in something, or we were going to have an exhibit to describe.  RR Off peak defn - RR transmission - we've added transmission services, but it isn't defnd.  Any suggestions? scheduling equipment - do we want to refer to the list? term - previously I was instructed to take out the evergreen renewal, now is it back in?  If so, is the mechanism in the first draft ok? contracted resources - I've added in a def'n - we need a schedule. Name, date, subject matter of contract.  More questions to come, but I wanted to get this to you asap.  Reagan, you might want to look through the comments you gave me for more open items.  Thanks!  Kay 
 I disagree. NONE of the problems I've had in the last 2 weeks can be attributed to changes.  There was no explanation given as to why they booked me to return a day early on the first trip to DC. What was up with that? Last week, I wrote down EXACTLY the flights I wanted didn't change my plans.  In fact, I've spent more time investigating my options by myself than I ever had before.  A travel agent ought to be able to deal with changes anyway.  That is what business travel is all about, and has been for the 16 years I've been flying around North America, South America and Europe.  I've had good agents and bad ones.  The good ones can deal with the changes and never miss a beat.  Please have my flight changed as follows:  Wednesday, August 2nd, change to Continental flight no. 1882, departing IAH at 122pm and arriving RDU at 510pm.  The remainder of the travel plans stay the same.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Check.  Kay 
 what are you talking about?  Are you going to be a GRANNY??? 
 Where do you want this to go?  Someone (I think Dave) asked that this be added:  Each day EPMI shall provide EPMI's Native Load projection, and gas and power projection.  Would it be a projection of  MDEA's Native Load?  Are we providing it or is MDEA?  By what time is the  made  and is it made 365 days a year? 
 So now I know why Sheila had a lock installed on her door. 
 Hi Lee,  Just wanted to check to see if you will be around tomorrow.  I'm trying to get things lined up on multiple fronts, and all roads lead to you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You made a comment on page 13.  It says "(c) purchase of  power ...."  I think this is one of your comments.  What does it mean?  I'm on a conference call, so an email response would be appreciated.  ckm 
 yes. 
 My comments to the Assignment Agreement are as follows:  In paragraph A, "transformors" should be "transformers".  Please note the following comments to 6:  6. Successors and Assigns.  This Assignment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their successors and assigns.  This Assignment and the rights and obligations herein may not be transferred or assigned by one party without the other party's written consent, except that Assignee shall be entitled to assign this Assignments to Calumet Power, LLC or its affiliates (if permitted by the Option Agreement) and there upon be released from any and all obligations hereunder upon the giving of written notice to Enron.  I do not have any comments to the notice.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay Mann 
 I'm scheduled to fly back to Houston around 745 that night, so it isn't looking good for me.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Warren,  I'm going to forward a couple of emails relating to the Delta transaction. Please print and set up like you did the Northwestern stuff.  Thanks,  Kay  PS  I'm on a long conference call, but feel free to walk in. 
 here's a second email. Another to come. 
 re: my prior email.  When you print these, please attach the email to the attachment (hard copy).  thanks 
 Gentlemen,  Here are some points which require commercial et al input:  Do we intend to include gas transactions in our calculation of profit?  We will be buying electricity to serve their load.  How should be be paid for those costs?  How often?  Jim Homco questioned whether we should buy the fuel oil.  What do you want to do?  I've added the definition of Scheduling Equipment Costs.  How should it be used in the agreement?  Are we limiting our provision of scheduling equipment to the equipment  listed in the exhibit?  What financial security will be required of them?  Are we attaching Marketing Strategy and Trading/Risk policy, or establishing a time line?  How do we deal with the possible cost of establishing a control area?  Are we absorbing it?  Will there be additional infrastructure costs?  Have the exhibits been updated?  If so, could I get the latest version?  Kay 
 Hi Steve,  We need wiring instructions for the account that will receive the $ from escrow.  It should be an  account where money goes in and out in one day. Can you track down the info?  We are waiting for the lenders to comment on the proposal that they will close once we deliver our deliverables.  Stay tuned!  Kay 
 Here's what Delta would like in the Salmon break out contract.  How does it look to you?  Kay 
 Is there anything we need to get them to consent to?  Kay 
 She called me, too. 
 I wasn't blaming you.  I was just disagreeing with the statement that that changes have caused the problem. 
 I'm not betting the farm on the escrow funding tomorrow.  I'll manage=20 expectations on this end.  I don't want to let up on Delta, however. 
 I think she will have a great time.  The moms and dads are very friendly. She'll probably know some of them! 
 Good idea.  I wouldn't mind something that says that funding of the escrow = is=20 tantamount to closing of the financing under the letter agreement, so that= =20 the financing condition is satisfied.  Something to that effect.  It will= =20 calm Jake down considerably.  Kay 
 Here's the latest, not-yet-final-but-getting-better agreement.      I may not have sent this to everyone who needs it, but I know Reagan will take care of it.  Speaking of Reagan, he is generating exhibits.  Kay 
 Lisa Mellencamp used to have a list of local counsel.  Kay 
 Gee, one more item for your review.  Kay 
 Any recruits?  Kay 
 Thanks, Cindy.  I haven't given up hope yet!  Kay 
 I believe it is the E-Next Generation LV Co Gen contract.  I believe the last draft was around the beginning of April.  I can check for more specifics.  Kay 
 She may turn out to be great, just because she becomes extra cautious with us. 
 Carolyn,  I prefer that closing event #4 preceed #3.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Oh why not.  You probably need to get an overview of the entire deal, as you may want some outside help.  If we are building a plant and selling power, there are lots of folks at Enron who weigh in on it.  Kay 
 Any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 looks good to me. 
 Could you email me the final form of the assignment/assumption (not compared).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  Here's the assignment and assumption agreement with the GE consent included. Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks,  Kay     PS.  In discussing the mechanism to move the turbines, it seemed that it would work ok to assign the turbines out of the AIP.  I can't find a flaw with that approach. 
 Guess we might want to lob this one in to Delta, just for fun.  Kay 
 Please print and review to let me know if there is anything stupid in these.  Kay 
 Any luck with this? 
 Can you help me with these?  I need to get them fixed up today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Rose,  NorthWestern has requested these minor changes. What do you think?    Kay 
 Thanks for the offer (and the call) but I haven't been able to secure a sitter for Michael.  My schedule should be getting better (famous last words), and I hope we can get together soon.  I would like to introduce you to Carlos Sole, if you haven't met him yet.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Yet one more round. 
 It wouldn't be the same without you! 
 3 nights out in a row would be a bit much for this ol girl. 
 Any other rumors? 
 I have my CA expert (Kathleen Carnahan) is working on it now.  Kay 
 I'm available any time Monday morning.  The sooner (after 830), the better.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I don't recall  the answer was to the question about whether we have a land company in New York?  And if so, its name?  Thanks,  Kay 
 opps.  I just opened this. 
 Attached is the current form of the assignment agreement.  I'm awaiting final approval from Finance, but I think we should get this in front of GE.  Ben, do you or Chris want to handle this, or shall I?  Kay 
 Hi Jim,  We haven't worked with a term sheet on the equipment sales I've worked on.  Good luck,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Please add this to the defn of confidential information:  Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, business strategies, transaction structures, pricing formulae, and other business methods.  We will call it the "Michael Brown burn me twice shame on me" clause.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I decided to go a different route.  What do you think?  Kay 
 I told Jeff Hodge that you were putting him on the list for baseball tickets.  Guess the pressure is on now.  ckm 
 Attached is the King & Spalding power transaction deal team.  I'll update the information I have for A &K and B &P, since some of the designated lawyers on their lists are no longer there.  Kay 
 Well, aren't you the quick one.  Jeff is a terrific guy, well-respected in the legal department and on the commercial side.  Kay 
 Hi Clark,  Could you fill out this chart for us with names and contact info for the Bracewell person (or people) you think would fit the bill the best?  We had a list previously, but I believe some of the folks on it have moved on.  Thanks,  Kay 
 After I wrote this I recall Ed saying that we don't have a New York company yet.  I'm fairly comfortable that I don't know  whether there really is an Edgecombe Development Company, and if so, is it available to use on the Virginia Power transaction.  Sorry for the memory slip.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 jhodge@enron.com  I checked his business cards on his desk.  He's left for the day to pick up a car at the shop, so don't be offended if you don't hear from him immediately.  Kay 
 I wanted to review where I think we are in this transaction.  1. Escrow account. We are still awaiting  closure on the issue of the lender's security interest in the escrow account.  A proposal was discussed with them to ensure that we could still close the transaction even if Delta had defaulted under their loan arrangement.  Indications were that this approach was generally acceptable, and Delta/Hancock are to send a letter agreement concerning this approach.  This has not yet been received.  This prevents the establishment of the escrow account.  We have sent the escrow agreement to the bank, but Delta has not completely signed off on the agreement.  2. GE turbine contract.  Delta sent requested changes yesterday, and these were forwarded to GE.  I have not received a response from GE.  3.  Miscellaneous docs.  Enron has responded to all the documents requested by Hancock.  We are awaiting responses to our drafts.  4.  GE consent.  Hancock requested some changes to the current draft, and a new letter agreement.  GE hasn't responded to the requests yet.  GE has dealt directly with Freshfields, so it is possible that there are discussions we aren't involved in.  I've left Lee a message concernig the GE items and the timing of signing.  Carolyn, please correct/add anything you think is important.  Kay 
 1st group evalutes promotions to VP. =20  Ben is on the analyst PRC. 
 I'm thinking we are short lawyers.  Hope that means good things for the survivors! 
 monday test 
 Gracias.  Can you see the mountains today?  Later,  Kay 
 Do you have enovate agreement handy? 
 okey dokey.  Aren't  you on holiday? 
 I was kinda hoping you would fill in the blanks. 
 Looks like they have re-surfaced.  Kay 
 Hi Kay,  I trying to find out if we have confidentiality agreements with the following:  Virginia Power Dominion Resources (or something close) Electricities (don't know the remainder of the name) North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency   Thanks,  Kay 
 nuttin from nobody  Congrats on the ride.  Are you standing up at your desk today? 
 I didn't know if the seat or the feet give out first. 
 Nope.  Carlos Sole (one of our lawyers) took the forms I gave him and fit it to this deal.  I do think the banks' lawyers weighed in.  Kay 
 Hi Warren,  Hope you had a nice weekend.  My weekend went too quickly.  Could you please print this email and the attachments for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Michael Brown,  Do you have the standard offer service agreement?  It isn't in Stuart's file, and it is referenced as being entered into at the same time as the PPSA.  We need to see how these two agreements fit together.  Has NIMO given the bidders access to the contracts listed in the schedules? We especially need to see the ones that they can assign to Enron (PSEG and NRG).  Given the size of the transaction I think we should have Klauberg (or another New York lawyer) take a look at it. It is an interesting deal.  Kay 
 Didn't I mark his up all ready? 
 Hi Jerry,  It  would be helpful if the tax point person for NorthWestern could contact Rhett Jackson with Enron. Rhett's number is 713 853-4718.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Maybe next time.  I understand that you are just back from holiday, so obviously this comes at a bad time.  See you in SA.  Kay 
 Gee, makes you wish there was a way to track documents without having to speak to someone. (do I sound like a broken record yet?)  I'm fairly confident we can use this company, as the project I am handling is Lisa's old project.  There's time to wait for her to answer, though. 
 I hope this is the last thing.  Here's the latest version of the contract sans these insertions. 
 Hi guys,  Is the LV Co Gen break out contract ready to go?  Lee Johnson was asking this am.  Thanks,  Kay 
 In speaking with Lee Johnson this am, he mentioned that he is still missing final contracts for PSCO and CA Development.  I seem to recall that Sheila had asked someone to pull this together, and that I had given Kathleen the CA Development stuff.   I could be off track, but that's how I remember it. There's probably someone with a better memory.  Thoughts?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please confirm that the changes to change order #2 reflect NW's request.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Needless to say I had a pretty good idea of the location of the bottleneck. Otherwise, I would have called you.  Peggy Banczak quit.  She told me herself, so it must be true.  ckm 
 You got it.  I asked Carlos if he still speaks espanol.  You should have seen his face.  He looked like he had swallowed a bug.  ckm 
 hee hee hee 
 fyi 
 Lee,  I'm reading your email to say that their requested changes are fine by you. Please let me know if I'm wrong.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Do you have a copy of the one with Virginia Power?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Insert at p. 42 as ARTICLE XII.  ARTICLE XII. ADJUSTMENTS REGARDING UNITS WITH SERIAL NUMBERS LISTED IN EXHIBIT P  12.1 Adjustments in Performance Guarantees to Reflect Site Conditions. Seller recognizes that the Sites for the Units identified and listed by serial number in Exhibit P have not been identified by Purchaser.  When the Site for each such Unit has been identified and the corresponding Site conditions for each such Unit has been provided by Purchaser to Seller, Seller and Purchaser agree to amend the Guaranteed Levels and the Specific Performance Levels for each such Unit to reflect changes in the Basis Conditions made to reflect the Site conditions for each such Unit.  The Guaranteed Levels and Specific Performance Levels as so amended will be consistent with those customarily provided by Seller for other LM 6000 Enhanced  Sprint combustion turbine generator units in the United States with comparable Site conditions. 12.2 Storage of Unit(s).  Seller and Purchaser recognize and agree that the period or periods during which any of the Units identified and listed by serial number in Exhibit P is placed in storage (a) by Seller pursuant to Section 10.2.7 or (b) by Purchaser, as agreed between Seller and Purchaser, shall not be considered, directly or indirectly, in determining the commencement of the Primary Warranty Period or the Extended Warranty Period, or both. 12.3 Maximum Period of Seller Liability.  To the extent any Unit identified and listed by serial number in Exhibit P is placed in storage as contemplated in Section 12.2, the duration of such storage period shall be added, in the case of each such Unit, to the six (6)-year period identified in the last sentence of Section 27.1 for purposes of calculating the maximum duration of Seller's liability with respect to any such Unit and with respect to this Agreement. 12.4 No Effect on Cost, Schedule or Scope of Work.  Seller and Purchaser agree that implementation of the provisions and agreements of this Article XII shall be at no additional cost or result in any other change or impact to or upon the Scope of Work, Purchase Amount or Guaranteed Unit Delivery Dates, or all of them. 
 Very impressive.  We don't have to read these, do we? 
 Hi Warren,  Please print these and set me up a binder called NIMO May 2001 Bid.  Please index the documents.  It would make sense for the documents to be in the same order as they are on the email.  Thank you.  Kay 
 We have requested changes at NorthWestern's request.  Please advise if there are any problems.  Kay 
 You are working too hard. 
 Hope you have a good book to read. 
 I am not quite a wreck, and no promotion or raise.  I'll be at the Lake Austin Spa weekend after next, so that keeps me going.  ckm 
 20 pounds!!!!!!!!  Sounds like you to need to buy yourself some new clothes. 
 Pete,  Finance has requested these changes:  Notices to ENA as agent for E-Next.  Signature block should be for E-Next Generation, acting through its agent, Enron North America.  E Next will not be signing, as ENA will sign on its behalf.  Or, ENA, as agent for...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there.  This is the letter Hancock is willing to give us in exchange for Hancock getting a security interest in the escrow account. Any comments?  Kay 
 Please protect Thursday afternoon, August 10th for me.  I have some important personal stuff to take care of. 
 We hope to have it executed today or tomorrow.  Kay 
 Hi Carolyn,  Any progress with the escrow agreement and any other outstanding items? Kathleen Carnahan has the original certificate of incumbancy ready to go.  I would like to get organized for signing docs today, GE, Enron and Delta. Could you email me the execution forms of the docs which need to be signed by GE and Enron (except the turbine contract)?  Hard copies are fine, I just figure electronic will be easier.  I had conversations with GE re turbine contract, and I expect it will be finished up this am.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  I've decided that it would be helpful to have a brief written explanation of what limits of liability and waivers of consequential damages are permissable under Mississippi law when contracting with the Cities or an energy authority.  Could you provide me with something along that line?  Thank you,  Kay 
 Hi Ed,  This transaction should close within the next 5-7 days.  Will the original minute books be ready?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I sent this yesterday before 5 to find out what you were planning to do re Michael, the game, etc. 
 This week, if possible.  As always, the sooner, the better. 
 I forgot about Grandma.  I bet you love the temperature today (BRRRR).  Hamburgers sound good to me.  I think MAM does ok in the morning, he just needs his hours of sleep.  Paige was worse to get up. 
 you bet 
 Nope.  Christi Nicolay (a lawyer in the Reg Affairs) is the authority on interconnection as far as I'm concerned.  Kay 
 ABB is struggling with a fundamental assignment issue.  Their concern appears to relate to assignment to a project company or contractor which might not have the financial ability to pay.  I believe they are looking for some type of security (LC, bond, guaranty).  I didn't sense that they have an issue with the identity of the assignee, just the ability to pay.  Comments?  Kay 
 I spoke with Kent Shoemaker, and he has a conflict at 930 Houston time today.  I suggested to him that Enron go forward with the call as an internal call, and we can conference him in after 1000 (when he's available), if we have anything noteworthy to report.  If that is acceptable, I will go to Sheila's office at 930, and we can call Scott and Rose.  How does that sound?  Kay 
 fyi 
 I double checked and ENext/Wilmington Trust will not be executing the contract. 
 Questions re Northwestern from one of the Enron execs.  Kay 
 GE has agreed to the requested changes to the parent guaranty.  Kay 
 Moving forward, inch by inch.  ckm 
 Hi Kent,  These are some requested changes to the Salmon a/k/a Delta break out agreement.  I'm not comfortable that Lee has reviewed these, as the comments were previously forwarded in another email.  In any event, we are looking for GE's blessings on this addition.  It seems to me that we are approaching time to gather GE's signatures on the various docs.  I will forward separately the email I received from our outside counsel with the final forms of everything but the break out contract, the assignment and assumption agreement and the GE parent guaranty.  Thanks for your assistance.  The 
 Ok, I give up.  What's an estoppel letter? 
 Sounds good to me, although we are likely to find different purchasers want other stuff as well.  Kinda like on the turbine stuff - each counterparty has wanted something different.  ckm 
 I need this document today in a big way.  Can you assist in getting it located?  If Kay doesn't have it, it is possible that Lisa Mellencamp might.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lined against 3 sounds good.  Circulate to me, Bill, Dale, Lee, Kent Shoemaker.  Kay 
 Missing you.... 
 Hi Jerry,  Do we have a final, execution version of the letter agreement?  I understand that Enron's tax folks are ok with the suggested changes to the LLC agreement.  We are working with GE to get the change orders executed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Me again.  Please see the second paragraph regarding the authority of the Cities and MDEA to enter into contracts.  Your opinion would be most appreciated.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Theresa,  I'm not sure if Steve Thome mentioned this to you, but Enron is opening an escrow account in connection with a transaction with Delta Power.  He suggested that I forward the wiring instructions for the payment of the escrow fee of $10,500.  Please let me know what other info you need to tee this up.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ed is the only one I've heard from today.  I've forwarded his questions to our local counsel in Mississippi for their input insofar as the questions involve capacity to contract.  You'll be pleased to know that I understood his questions.  I'm so proud.  Kay 
 Jerry,  Would you mind re-sending?  I can't find it on my system anywhere.  I did find the signature page sent 4/20.  Many thanks,  Kay 
 Here is a revised change order which we hope will adequately address issues raised by GE and by NorthWestern.    Kay 
 Hi Warren,  Please print all of these documents, and place in individual file folders with the name of the document.  I will need 6 copies of each of the signature pages for each of the documents.  If it is easier you can just make 6 copies of each document.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben,  In speaking with Herman, he suggested that you look at the earnings on Blue Dog on the hot list.  It is showing a total $10.5 (4 East, 4 West in q2, 2.5 in q3 (East).  ckm 
 Michael problems. He has ADD and some other lesser learning problems.  We are going to meet  with the specialist next week.  I'm going to try to take off Friday afternoon as well.  We are thinking of changing his school, and Neil and I need to go visit a new one.  HECTIC! 
 Has GE signed off on the numbers?  Kay 
 Is this the right account for Pegasus to send the money to?  Thanks,  Kay 
 It looks good to me.  Am I missing something? 
 Hi Warren,  FYI.  ckm 
 I count small wins! 
 Latest draft of turbine contract for LV Co Gen.  ckm 
 Attached is a redline version of the turbine contract, showing changes from the previous form.    Kay 
 Isabel,  Please confirm before 830 central this morning (when GE's rep will be in my office to sign docs) that these documents have final approval of GE's counsel, as I believe Kent is not available to review documents today. Obviously, I cannot present revised documents to a commercial representative of GE without knowing that his lawyer has signed off on the documents, except to the extent that the changes are obviously minor.   Kay 
 Have a good trip. 
 Due to the nature of this deal, I've prepared an LOI with an exclusivity period.  Let me know what you think,    Kay 
 Warren,  The other party changed all those docs I asked you to print (not the ones in the book, the ones for the folders), so you can skip that one.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I guess we know now that they weren't waiting on us, since they hadn't finished the GE docs.  Kay 
 Isabel,  Unless I'm missing something, two of these documents are the same (93), and we are missing the no objections to forms letter.  Kay 
 Did Kent review the changes to (h) of the consent agreement (re jurisdiction)?  Kay 
 Isabel,  Who is the "intial purchaser", and why are the documents dated tomorrow?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Looks to me like they aren't ready to close their financing.  Hope I'm wrong. 
 Hey, I thought you were out.   I hope you noted that I was watching out for you. 
 It would appear to me that the closing of the Salmon equity sale will not occur until May something or other, so that the documents which are deliverables at closing should have May something or other dates, and not April.  Anyone see it any differently?  Kay 
 I haven't seen the escrow disbursement letter lately.  Is it circulating?  Kay 
 We've known, but is has gotten to be a bigger issue as he has gotten older. 
 As I understand it, if the escrow is funded tomorrow morning, the earliest closing date would be May 2nd.  Kay 
 It is our responsibility to pay the fees, which I hope will need to be paid today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 for your review and approval.  I have your signature on this one. 
 I have the executed signature pages and the certificate of incumbancy.  I'm going to print today's other ENA deliverables and fax to Jake for signature after I initial.  Kay 
 Might close on the letter agreement today.  You didn't miss much - mostly negotiations with GE re: change orders. Our tax guys are happy, and Accounting is hanging in there.  We have revised the payment schedule in the doc, but NW doesn't have the change.  I'll send it to you.  The change is minor.  I need to revise the assignment/assumption agreement, then we'll be ready to go when GE signs up to the CO's.  Kay 
 YIPPEEE 
 fyi 
 Per my previous email.  NW doesn't have this change. 
 Redline of revised assignment and assumption agreement.     Kay 
 I am attaching a operating lease summary which I have revised to include some basic asset operation stuff.  I've left Lisa a voice mail with a brief explanation of what we are doing, and asking her if she would take a look at this from a financing "fatal flaw" standpoint, with Enron being the lessor.  I've been summoned to Nowhere North Carolina (Rocky Mount) for the remainder of the day and tomorrow, and will be back on Friday am.    Anne, I hope this helps keep you moving.  Lisa, many, many thanks.  Kay  Kay 
 May 25, 2001	$1,352,197 June 25, 2001	1,159,026 July 25, 2001	772,684 August 25, 2001	772,684 September 25, 2001	579,513 October 25, 2001	386,342 February 25, 2001	4,249,762 March 25, 2002	965,855 
 Please delete Michael Miller.  It would be helpful if I don't have to get the certificate today, as that entails signatures of folks in two locations. Isabel didn't have it on her list.  It is also helpful if the certificate is signed by Duran or Calger.  Kathleen, is Chris Calger an MD or VP?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  I faxed signed sig pages for the ENA letter, ENA consent, resolution authorizing transaction, GE letter as to forms, escrow agreement, cert of incumbancy for escrow, fee agreement.  I faxed the docs to the 80 fax number.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  We plan to sign on the dotted line with NorthWestern today.  MKahn (who works through lunch, don't you know) is turning the final draft of the letter agreement.  Kay 
 I authorized the wire to be sent to set up the account.  Progress! 
 fyi.  Did you get word that the Delta deal is going into escrow tomorrow, closing on May 2nd?  Kay 
 Kent,  This forms supposedly integrated the requested changes you saw previously. Would love to have this by Friday.  I'll forward the opinion letter in just a sec.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is this ready to go as far as your concerned?  Kay 
 I suspect that there are several options.  He is such a sweet, cute, smart thing.  You will like him. He is very very charming. 
 Hi Catherine,  I don't remember who actually gives the notice, but in anticipation of the funding of the escrow tomorrow, here are the docs.    I understand there is also a two day notice.  I don't believe I've seen a form for that one yet.  Who should send this out tomorrow after we get the fed ref?  Thanks,  Kay 
 832 651 3478 is what I have 
 When sending out the assignment and assumption agreement, are we sending originals to all four people listed in the second paragraph?  Do you remember how many originals are required?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I may need your help.  Kay 
 Hi Wilson,  Are you available for a conference call with David Hunt and me tomorrow? Maybe something in the am?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Re:  my voice mail concerning masters.  ckm 
 We need the Assignment and Assumption and Bill of Sale signed.  Kay 
 Your esteemed colleague suggested I send this to you for your review.  Kay 
 I'm scheduled to be in a meeting tomorrow am, but I know this deal is in good hands.  Page me if anything exciting happens.  I'm fine with the assignment agreement version PH sent out this afternoon. I'm sure MK has the punctuation just right.  Kay 
 Let's just assume I'll be out Friday afternoon. 
 CC,  I would really like to have a  signed off closing list and final forms of all docs by mid-day Friday.  If something happens and I either can't be on the call or forget to bring this up, please mention it.  Thanks,  kay 
 Gentlemen,  These docs are ready to go, and your signatures would be appreciated.  I will initial the docs when Steve delivers them to me tomorrow.  Kay 
 The fun never ends. 
 Just tell me the end is in sight. 
 Attached is the latest revision, incorporating comments from the Enron team. There were some comments which were either discussion points or not readily decipherable, so those will need to be addressed in the next version. There's still some harmonization/nit stuff which we will pick up then also. Hopefully, David Hunt (MDEA's lawyer) and I will hammer out the more legalistic (yet important) stuff while he is in our office tomorrow.  Ed, maybe we can schedule a call with our local counsel to get some  more comfort on the authority issue.   In addition, we can ask for an authority/enforceability opinion from MDEA's counsel.  We'll beef up the reps as well.  Reagan/David, Ed's availability is best first thing tomorrow (Thurs) morning.  See you soon,  Kay 
 hey, good questions.  I'll check.  ckm 
 Will you  be providing an execution version with questions removed/blanks filled in?  Please send it directly to kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com, copy to me.  Thanks,  Thanks,  Kay 
 Didn't go through the first time.  Kay 
 Can you tell me to whom we send the originals?  Kay 
 Hi Cheryl,  I'm looking for the executed version of the contract with Westinghouse for the 501D turbine, which I believe was originally headed to Panama.  ENA is looking to use it in a project or two, and I need to give a look.  An electronic version would be fine.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Estelle,  Have you or Barbara sent the email etc out re establishment of the account? We are on a conference call now re funding.  Thanks for your help,  Kay 
 Hi Guys,  Delta has asked when the LOC can be issued for the final payment.  We have every expectation that payment will be made on May 2nd, and we will know for sure by later today.  Would it be possible to have the LOC by Tuesday?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Salmon Energy. 
 Fed ref now available. 
 John,  Just wanted you to be aware.  No action required - water under the bridge.  Kay 
 Bill, I don't have any information about the ABB contract.  At last word, Lee Johnson was reviewing the latest version of the GE contract that Pete Thompson had sent out.  Kay 
 YIPPEEE.  I'm about to fall face down in my computer.  I'm not as young as I used to be.  Kay 
 FYI, Dale has the lead on this one.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Don't forget that Global Finance is supposed to review these.  They have the turbine contract. 
 This is none of my business, but the turbines are owned by ENext.  Hows does the LLC give the assignment?  Should the turbine contract be in the name of the LLC, because it isn't at this moment.  Maybe I messed up.  Kay 
 Here's something to work with:  Virginia Power and ENA agree that Virginia Power will authorize and pay for the ________ so that the queue (que?) spot for necessary interconnection (RIGHT?) will be maintained. ENA agrees that should ENA (or its affiliate) fail to complete negotiations and excute a power purchase and sale agreement, it will reimburse Virginia Power up to half of the cost of the _______ [Heather, this is a study (ie, soft cost) right?], not to exceed a reimbursement of $15,000. 
 Thanks thanks thanks 
 This change really helps me with babysitter problems.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I would think that Dale would have the legal lead, since he is the project's lawyer.  Lisa Bills, Roseann Engeldorf and Catherine Clark are the people I send TurboPark stuff to.  Kay 
 fyi.  We are hoping to get together at 900 to continue to work on our interim gameplan.  I don't know the location yet.  Kay 
 By the way, they have seen the turbine contract. 
 This is the counterparties' first draft of the one month agreement.  Kay 
 You may have seen one of these before... 
 fyi  Carlos is working on it. 
 I made some comments/revisions.  I'm  not sure I understand the profit/savings, but I didn't take the time to contemplate it. 
 thanx 
 Chris and Mike,  We are trying to do some sales tax planning, and need to know when the first LM 6000's will be ready to ship (or store, as the case may be).  I know there are projected dates in the purchase agreement, but those were more targets than commitment on the first few units.  Can you give the current status?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Great.  I'm gone.  I'll have my cell phone on later. 
 I thought I did help.  I'm lost. 
 fyi 
 Lee johnson just called to see when he can sign the agreement.  I told him I would ask you guys.  Kay 
 Glad you made it safely!  I have a new home email address kay.mann@worldnet.att.net  Have a nice afternoon, and enjoy the cool mornings while they last.  Love,  Kay 
 the first couple of pages sort of explains whose on first. 
 I may make the tour through the going aways, esp Oz.  I called the spa to make appts, but got voice mail.  Love,  Kay 
 Starting point for exhibit 2 
 Fine by me. 
 I think you can send it just so he has the form, and we can figure out what we need to do with it.  Kay 
 Many thanks.  Pardon my ignorance, but is there a list of riders to select from? The transaction that we are contemplating is with a municipality, so we need some muny language if such thing exists.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Friday am is the only time this week that works for me. 
 I think there's lots which will need to be fixed.  I can't fix it now, though.  Here's where I am on the ILA.  I think it should be distributed internally and to the Cities ASAP,  with an explanation that we are still pondering it.  Kay    PS.  I didn't redline because there were formatting challenges I couldn't figure out.  Kay 
 We are going to do a one month deal while we work on the long term deal.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Terrific.  Have a great weekend!  Kay 
 Instinctively it seems that the agent for concept would be stronger.  I'll check into it for the  longer term deal.  Obviously, it is a Mississippi law issue, so I'll have to get an opinion.  Kay 
 This shows changes as if they were revising the doc that we generated on Friday. 
 Here are the issues I see with their draft:  Does not allow for us to sell them power, only buy their power and sell to others. This means that we can't sell them power until we get the full contract in place.  Fuel transactions include fuel oil, and I thought we weren't managing fuel oil.  Incentive fee (in main contract) defined to only include the sale of gas.  Doesn't include the language we need for internal approvals.  Payment section doesn't address payment for sale of power to them from the market. 
 Hi Carolyn,  As far as I know, we are still on board for closing on Wednesday.  Kay 
 Consistent with my discussions with Reagan, I have revised the body of the interim agreement.    Some of the exhibit references will need to be cleaned up once we know where we are headed.  Kay 
 I think we are supposed to do this tomorrow (Monday).  Kay 
 Here's what I sent to Rusty on Wednesday.  It seemed like an option didn't quite fit, since PACS doesn't have anything to option, strictly speaking.  Kay 
 I have a closing scheduled for Wednesday, so I don't know when I'll be getting to San Antonio.  Better leave me off the list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Kay 
 No. 
 For future reference on the long term deal.  Kay 
 Need exhibit B added.  Redlines are against most recent version sent by Reagan. 
 I've asked GE for the LOC by Wednesday, but I haven't gotten a response.  I'll have difficulty getting executed docs by Tuesday, since sigs are coming from Portland.  I'll have to check to see what can be done.  Kay 
 The problem is in getting the original in their hands (where?) by tomorrow.= =20 Does it have to be an original?  Kay 
 Please confirm absolutely that fax signatures will be sufficient. =20  I need the address of where to send the membership certificate.  There is n= ot=20 enough time for the document to pass back through Houston if the Portland= =20 team wants to sign the documents.=20  Kay 
 I did, and it is fine.  Kay 
 Hi Ed,  Here's the language they offered:  M. Each of the Cities has obligated itself to be responsible for and to pay= =20 to, or on behalf of, MDEA, if required, that proportion of the minimum=20 monthly fee which that City=01,s hourly demand was coincident with Entergy= =01,s=20 peak hour demand in the year 2000 bears to the sum of both Cities=01, hourl= y=20 demand during such hour; provided however, that each City has further=20 obligated itself to be responsible for and to pay that portion of EMPI=01,s= =20 monthly fee which the economic benefit to that City from transactions bears= =20 to the total economic benefit to both Cities from such transactions during= =20 the month.   It is a bit cumbersome, but I think I like it.  What do you think?  I'll forward the entire doc soon.  Kay 
 How transparent is that? 
 During the Term of this ILA, EPMI shall be entitled to be paid a fee for  f= or=20 performance as follows:=20  i. EPMI shall be paid a fee equal to the sum of 1) the Incentive Fee which= =20 shall not be less than $12,500 and 2) a fee of $1/MWhr above the delivered= =20 price for purchases of Off-Peak Power (the fee of $1/MWh shall not be=20 included in the calculation of Savings), and  3) payment for the delivered= =20 cost of market power purchased to serve MDEA=01,s and the Cities Native Loa= d in=20 accordance with the transaction Confirmation.  Individual transactions will= =20 be confirmed by written confirmation to be acknowledged and signed by EPMI= =20 and jointly by MDEA, YCPSC and CPUC.. ii.  In the event that this ILA is terminated early, the minimum monthly=20 Incentive Fee amount shall be $12,500 divided by thirty (30) and multiplied= =20 times the number of days in May in which this Agreement was in effect.=20 iii. The Incentive Fee shall consist of forty percent (40%) of the Total=20 Daily Savings.  Total Daily Savings is the product of (1) the Savings per M= Wh=20 calculated for the day, times (2) the total MWh for the same day of market= =20 power purchased to serve system load.=20 iv. Savings per MWh is calculated as the positive difference between (a) th= e=20 MDEA Target Production Cost for units that would have run if market power= =20 were not purchased to serve system load, and (b) the delivered cost of mark= et=20 power purchased to serve system load. 
 This is really just an excuse to write - did you give me the executed pages?  Thanks,  ckm 
 Hi guys,  Lee Johnson is asking about the break out contract for LV Co Genn and when it will be ready. I need to return his phone call, especially since I need one more deliverable to be able to close the Delta transaction.   What should I tell him?  Kay 
 I think we will be able to get the documents you listed signed tomorrow, bu= t=20 Jake won't be here before 7pm, so anything he is signing won't be ready unt= il=20 Wednesday am.  It seems to me that this isn't a big deal, but I would=20 appreciate it if you could confirm.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I suspect they are accustomed to people wanting to structure for an MTM deal from a commercial standpoint.  Doesn't sound like our objective here.  ckm 
 Hi John,  It would probably be better for me if we could reschedule, since I will be out of town Wed-Mon.  Rain check?  Kay 
 Perfectly. thanks 
 I'll check.  I remember signing the faxes and signing the originals, but not the return.  However, last week was the WEEK FROM HELL, so I easily could have missed it.  Kay 
 Here's what I have on my list as original deliverables  GE turbine contract - any officer of LLC Amended LLC- any officer of ENA Membership certificates - signed by MD of LLC, which isn't Jake=20  The only things I have which MUST be signed by Jake are the written consent= s=20 of the LLC, which aren't on the original deliverable list.  These will be= =20 ready first thing Wednesday am.  I'm sorry,  I don't recall you telling me that the original membership=20 certificates had to be in New York on Wednesday. However, we will be able t= o=20 handle this.=20  This pre-closing drill is why I asked for a definitive, signed off  closing= =20 list by mid-day Friday.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  Please revised the signature page for escrow instruction to reflect Chris Calger as a signatory.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 You sound like Carlos. 
 Good morning.  In order to finish up Delta/Salmon tomorrow, please note we need the following today:  GE parent guaranty LOC (so that full payment can be made to GE tomorrow) Opinion of counsel  And once funds are received by GE, we need the receipt of funds letter.  Lee, I haven't heard back from the Portland gang to find out if the LV Co Gen contract is ready.  Maybe Jake can help shake that loose.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It depends on what time I get the signatures.  If I can get things signed u= p=20 quickly, I'll have them delivered to you in plenty of time for you to send= =20 the docs.  I would prefer that it work that way. =20  Chris Calger is in our offices today  - a terrific break.  Now if I can jus= t=20 find him.  Plus, I thought I would have him sign the escrow disbursement=20 letter instead of Jake, since he's here.  Kay 
 Duran is fine. I had it in my mind that Calger had signed the incumbancy=20 cert.  My mistake.  I'm trying to set up a closing table and have these guys sign this am befor= e=20 I lose them.  Kay 
 Don't have it, but we can ask local counsel.  If you can email me the question you would like asked, I will pass it along to our Miss lawyer.  Kay 
 That would be better, although I will tell them that they don't get it until closing.  Kay 
 I've asked for it separately (second item below).  Did I misunderstand your question?  I'm setting up a table with all the stuff for signature now.  Kay 
 Kathleen is coming up to help me set up.  How about 11?  If you see Kathleen, can you give her the membership certificates?  I'll have a stack for Duran later.  Kay 
 Here's the long awaited form of option for your review and comment.    I'm sending it to Rose, Lisa and Catherine for their review also.   Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Lupe,  I heard a rumor that Tribasa had found somebody to buy out the loan.  Another victim, perhaps?  I can't imagine how you must have felt to get a call from Don.  Maybe he's looking for a new opportunity in Mexico, since Bufete didn't pan out.  I've been busy working on a read deal with some very bright commercial people.  It is very challenging.  Sometimes I feel so uninformed.  This is a nice change! I feel like it is elevating my professional development.  I ran into Chip recently.  He seems happier now that he has Erik's old job.  More hugs -  Kay 
 I'm supposed to go to the law conference tomorrow evening. 
 May 2 it is. 
 go go go, as we say at Enron 
 Please review numbers.  Any chance D. Duran can come with you guys?  We should be ready in about 15 minutes.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Isabel and Greg,  I'm having a logistical problem.  The only managing director of Salmon is not in the office today.  I can have the membership certificates signed by (1) a vice president or (1)  the managing member or (3) elect a new managing director.  What's your preference?   Kay 
 Could you email me the last version of the turbine contract?  thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 I know that GE recently had a small comment, technical or scope related,  but I don't recall if it was before or after the 24th. I was unaware of Tom's involvement, so I want to make sure the comment was addressed.  I'm happy to hand the reins over to someone else to handle signature.  I suspect I'm creating confusion as well.  Kay 
 If it will help, I will see if I can find the last version transmitted to Lisa et al,  so they don't have to start from scratch.  Kay 
 One comment which was taken related to the applicable change in law date. 
 Gentlemen,  Any progress on the summary?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I sent this email from GE to Dale/Bill after I received it.  Since Peter's last draft was April 24, I'm I assume this wasn't included:      Kay/Bill,  Bill says he agrees and accepts our comments to the A&A.  One change required to the Rev 5 document.  In Exhibit B, Add item "27)One additional Human Machine Interface (HMI) per Unit (desktop PC type)"  Include these changes and we can get this done tomorrow.  Thanks,  Lee 
 This is the same version you sent today, right? 
 Done. 
 I may be wrong, but I believe the version sent to day is the same one I sent to Rose, Lisa et al on April 24.  Kay 
 I think now we should all just log off email and turn off our phones, and let Fed Ex, the fax machine and Citibank do the rest.  ckm 
 Kent,  Are you sending this (and the opinion and LOC) to me today? I wasn't sure where this landed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you get me that cert of sec ASAP?  I need to get this stuff to Carolyn soon.  Kay 
 In conversations with GE, it is their understanding that their guaranty will not be transmitted until there is a fed ref number tomorrow.  The opinion letter will be faxed as soon as the GC is available, or Kent can sign for Dan Rowley if that is acceptable.  DRowley can sign originals on Thursday.  The LOC is in the works, and GE understands that 10% will be retained in escrow until the LOC is delivered.  There will be three original opinions.  There is one original guaranty, and I'm not certain of GE's willingness to give more than that.  Obviously, there will be only one LOC.  Kay 
 I know Michael wants to go to your apt this afternoon.  If you do go there, just give me a call to let me know you're there so we can coordinate pickup.  See you soon,  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  Did I mess up?  I saw Herman and he told me that the 1000am was held.  I hope I wasn't supposed to be there.  Please call if I can help.  Kay 
 what do you think? 
 general counsel 
 1400 Smith, Room 3882A Houston, Tx  77002 
 You are my hero.  Kay 
 John,  I humbly beg your forgiveness for not calling you.  Now I owe you.  I will check my directory to see what I have.  As I recall it was part of some special scratch my back I'll scratch yours deal, although the details now escape me.  Seems like there were some minor defects which could be repaired while GE stored the stuff, so we let them put the stuff in storage based on their rep things would get fixed.  Kay 
 Good morning.  I haven't seen the insurance certificate she references.  Anyone know where it is?  Is the retention letter of credit available yet? I know it has been requested, but I don't recall seeing that it has been delivered.  Thanks for everything,  Kay 
 Please send me a copy of the data sheet on the above company.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ignore my last email.  ckm 
 Lee,  I'll rev up the Austin facility agreement again.  Eric tells me that we are= =20 fine with adding the additional TD of I to the facility agreement with a=20 scope/price change.  Ignore the insurance certificate question.  My bad.  I've heard that the LOC made it, so GE should be receiving payment in full= =20 today. =20  LV Co Gen is still moving.  There are some of the TurboPark stuff which was= =20 in the agreed form of override letter.  It is being actively worked right n= ow.  Sorry about your trip.  Kay 
 Looks good.  Jake Thomas signed for us, so signature block on our executed version has him instead. 
 Lee/Kent,  Please confirm that GE's originals of the documents they signed should be sent to:  Lee Johnson GE Packaged Power, Inc. P. O. Box 4414 Houston Tx  77210-4414  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thank you so much.  We promise to be good ambassadors for LAS.  Kay 
 Herman, this is the document I called you about.  AE is out-of-pocket, and has some questions about this agreement, so she asked me to forward the doc. This is a doc for a 40 yr ground lease for a power plant.  It is my understanding that the counterparty is not interested in an option arrangement.  Kay 
 call me on my cell 713 304 8716 
 I would like to move to the new garage.  Thanks,  Kay Mann 
 The  memo was very helpful.  It would be great to meet in person and discuss issues. I'm out of town now, but I believe either the 8th or 9th would be great.  Thanks,  Kay 
 John,  I suggest eliminating the statement in III that we are proposing to perform the the market price servises in accordance with the terms of the market price service agreement.  I realized that we have a disclaimer at the end of the letter, but the statement in III seems to directly contradict the disclaimer.  I am not confident that the statement that the Enron structure is proprietary is sufficient to protect the information.  I will need to check the confidentiality agreement when I get to the office if this is a real concern.  I thought we weren't submitting a conforming bid.  Is there anything in the RFP which indicates that any proposal will be considered a firm offer, or anything to that effect?  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Nancy,  Please incorporate this language from Enron's Tax Guys.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Steve,  Good to hear from you.  Your right, my job is completely different.  Funny how things evolve like that.  I love it, though.  Very few hurt/sick/deceased folks.  Paige is finishing her junior year at Southwestern, and Michael is in kindergarten at St Francis.  We are very blessed.  Hope all is well with your family.  Kay 
 deal killer 
 Sounds fine.  Kay 
 Perhaps it is operator error on this end, but I couldn't get this going.  Kay 
 Well, here's the nearly final draft of what was submitted.  Evidently, we decided to submit a bid on the original transaction structure, as well as two alternatives. (not what I was lead to believe before.)  I spoke with John about adding more disclaimer language to the letter to say that by submitting the bid we aren't agreeing to enter into a transaction or even negotiate for a transaction.  Also, I advised him that the confidentiality statements in the letter were not great protection.  Kay 
 Sounds like gas to me.  Kay 
 I'd really appreciate it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Great.  I'll come around in a bit and fill you in.  Kay 
 Rey,  This email explains why Jeff and I tried calling you this am. Any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Matt,  Our preference is to sign this before June 19.  I recall that Herman is out. Do you know when he will be back?  I will make sure that you and Herman get a copy of the next draft.  It won't be this week.  Kay 
 Scott's done the difficult part and generated something for review.  I've added my comments.  Sheila, would you like to add your 2 cents worth?  Thanks,  Kay 
 1400 Smith.  Morning would probably be better for me.  Kay 
 Business casual is the order of the day here.  Ties are definitely not necessary.  Are you spending the night downtown?  If so, you may want to just park at the hotel.  Lots of the streets downtown are under construction, so I'm a little hesitant to give directions.  Enron is located fairly close to the Hyatt, and their garage is easy to find.  Enron just opened a new parking garage, but I'm not sure if it is open for visitors yet.  Alternatively,  the Allen Center Garage is connected to the Enron building via an above-street walkway.  If it was me and I was working and staying downtown, I would take a taxi. This is partly because I have an under-developed sense of direction, and partly because of the construction downtown.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 I accused Carlos of being a deal killer.  ckm 
 Count me in. 
 How about commercial folks? 
 FYI. Certain aspects of this presentation will relate to PPA's/tolling agreements/interconnection studies and agreements  relating to Enron developed generation assets from which we intend to purchase power, etc.  The cost/benefit would probably be marginal for you, but I will be there, and will get you any interesting handouts.  Kay 
  I can give up my seat and sit in with  the commercial team, if that helps.  ckm 
 Team,  I think we should make a list of issues today (Pete will be a big help).  If we are to the point of deciding critical issues, I believe Sheila's input is essential, and worth waiting for.  ckm 
 I'd still like to sit in when my commercial team hears it, if possible. Plus, I suspect we run the risk this week of getting very bogged down.  ckm 
 Steve/Christian,  The attached file is a draft of an asset management agreement prepared by Stu Zisman.  The later version obviously contained more negotiated points, so I think this one is more helpful.  I'm working on a transaction now which involves serving load as well as selling power. I found this one helpful for issue identification and exculpatory language, however.   Kay 
 Allyson,  As you know, we have had discussions with the City of Rocky Mount regarding possibly buying gas from them for the new power plant in Edgecombe County. Evidently, the gas company has figured this out, and is not happy with this prospect.  We would like your opinion concerning the City's ability to (a) require that a tap be made so that the power plant be served and (b) sell gas to Enron for this purpose.  When considering these issues, please assume that the City would own and annex the land, and lease it to an Enron entity.  We will need the gas by next March or April, so time is critical.  Should the gas company decline, what is the appeal process and how long can it be expected to take?  Do you  have any suggestions for expediting the process?  I am having the contracts between the gas company and the City sent to you, and you should have them by Monday.  Thank you for your assistance,  Kay 
 Wilson Montjoy will be in our offices, probably starting around 830 or 900.  Any progress?  Kay 
 No, I believe it is one of TECO's subs, but I'm not sure.  ckm 
 This gives you the gist of it.  Since it was a GE generated letter I will need to check for the final hard copy. 
 Eric,  Did you  have any comments on the turbine contract for Austin that I sent you?  Obviously, before we can execute a change order we have to execute a contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Pete,  We will want to get the CofA contract fixed up shortly.  I don't remember if we have addressed these issues.  I do think that GE may resist the combined cycle language, and I don't suggest including it.  Eric, can you still live with that?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi John,  I left you a voice mail, but thought I'd try email as well.  The language that they added to paragraph 6 raises some issues since they want to restrict ENA and its affiliates from future potential transactions. Please call me at your convenience to discuss.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks like we should see if Lee is ready to go on this one.  Kay 
 Refresh my recollection.  Did we (Enron and Northwestern) agree to the form of the escrow agreement?  If so, then we will need to see if the escrow agent has any comments.  Chris is on vacation, ciaoing down in Italy (sorry, couldn't resist).  He should be the point man, though.  On the Delta deal we ran into some complications in moving money because Citibank had the money invested in a money market account.  Does the current draft allow for that?  I guess the easiest thing to do is to send it to me and let me see what's up.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Looks like Friday will work. 
 I wish I could say that's the reason we haven't heard anything. I suspect we would have heard if they had a problem with it being WordPerfect.  I hope this doesn't mean they haven't tried to open it yet.  I have complained about EECC Contracts using WordPerfect.  As far as I know, it is the ONLY Enron group still using it.  EECC Legal uses Word.  I always figured this WordPerfect thing was intentional, which is why I had WordPerfect loaded on my computer.  I don't think I can make the conversion from home due to download problems. I will see that you get a converted copy.  Kay 
 Please put it on my calendar so I won't forget.   thanks ckm 
 You know I just can't remember that far in advance! 
 Probably the week of July 4th. 
 Nothing better than a FREE trip to SF.  Where will you stay? 
 Good suggestion.  Why don't  you run it by George, and if you get positive feedback I'll suggest it to Ben.  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  IMHO, your team needs a basic understanding of the finance and accounting issues.  Legal should have a bit more of a developed (and probably current) understanding of how to address the issues.  Between Development and Legal, we should be able to get docs about 90% there.  We then take the almost compliant docs to Accting/Finance for fine tuning.  A key action item is getting a presentation set up where there is a good download of information from Acct/Finance to the Development group.  We had one yesterday for Legal, and it was helpful.  I want to sit in when your troops get the presentation, if at all possible, because I can help translate on both sides, I believe.  I also want to make sure that Development and Legal are on the same page.  Fire drill avoidance is a key objective.  Look forward to discussing in detail.  Kay 
 Hi.  Happy Mother's Day.  I was kinda hoping for a post-graduation family  event on that Saturday, as hopes were raised when the ticket issue came up.  Doesn't sound like that's happening.   I don't know when we will be up that way, but it wouldn't surprise me if we headed up Sat am.  That's Memorial Day weekend, so traffic out of Houston on Friday will be horrific.  Neil and I haven't discussed any details yet, though.  Paige is supposed to intern with the Houston Aeros this summer.  No pay, which is a bad thing.  She is currently on the way to Colorado with some friends, and will be back a week from Sunday.  I haven't even mentioned Mac's graduation yet.  I just finished a really busy time, and I'm optimistic that things will resume a more normal pace.  I hope to catch up on yard work this weekend, maybe clean out a closet.  I have the urge to purge.  I would say the Katie got the Clarke math gene, but Paige is a math whiz.  It must be a recessive characteristic.  It is great that the girls have different arenas in which to excel.  I sent Mom a table top cactus garden.  Hope it gets there.  No clue on what to get Mac.  I guess I should ask Paige for ideas.  If I get some good ones from her or Mikey I'll let you know.  Love,  Kay 
 Another point:  How do we price gas/power we sell to them, especially in light of our duty of good faith and fair dealing?  Not expecting an answer via email, this is just a topic for further discussion.  ckm 
 Herman and Rose,  Thank you so much for the presentation yesterday concerning accounting/financing issues in power development projects.  The presentation was extremely clear and informative.  The whole group stayed interested, which is a tribute to your preparation and delivery.  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  How's about the Acccounting/Finance presentation at noon on May 23rd, then we can all go to the Astros' game at 305?  Kay 
 Hmm.  What hotel would be the closest to the Willard? (other than the Marriot, which I'm not wild about because it is so big)  What does the Hay Adams have?  Alternatively, what do you suggest in Georgetown?  Do you know if anyone else from Enron has stayed there (the Four Seasons) recently?  Thanks for asking, by the way. 
 How about 100? 
 I think you'd better stick close to home and smile when she gets back.  ckm 
 Please calendar for me. 
 I'm planning on going.   It should go without saying that you are welcome also.  Kay 
 SZ,  What do you think?  Kay 
 I don't know anything about Shelby, but I take it that you don't think it impacts Haywood at this late date.  Kay 
 Looks fine to me.  Kay 
 John still wants to hold off on a document review, as we don't know if we want to go forward.  Kay 
 Those bizness whites are the best. 
 Gentlemen,  Could we schedule some time for a conference call next week?  I would appreciate the opportunity to work through some of the legal issues.  I have the lofty goal of not working Memorial Day weekend this year, so I'm trying to get as much done on this deal as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Kay  PS.  I'm open Tues am and most of Wednesday.  I can probably work my schedule so that I'm available quite a bit of next week. 
 I'm travelling on Monday, so please ask my assistant, Suzanne Adams for a copy.  I'm new  to this particular group in Legal, so I'm still learning who does what.  No offense  intended.  This deal has a lot of life and potential, so I look forward to getting to know you in the process.  Kay 
 Wilson,  Good morning.  What is your availability this week for a conference call with David?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Jeff,  Did you want Stacy to take a look at this?  Kay 
 Hi there,  I believe Chris should be back today, so I wanted to follow up on this.  I don't have any recollection of where we left the escrow agreement with NW. Please get with MKahn or Jerry DeBerry to see if we can get consensus on the current form of escrow agreement.  Once we have that, Enron (Chris) will make contact with Citibank.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi John,  Enron is ok with signing the consents.  After the assignment of the contracts out of LLCs, we would like to exercise our put.  Please share this info with George.  I believe Ben will be in town tomorrow (right Ben?) so we can get it signed up this week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 How does this look?  Kay 
 John,  I made the changes you suggested.  The prior version contained a non-circumvention (you can't pursue the project without me) versus the current exclusivity (you must work only with me), which seems somewhat more restrictive since it would keep us from bringing in additional participants.  I've changed language in the next paragraph to avoid a contradiction.    If we go with this approach then I suspect we will want to work on an LOI which divides up responsibility going forward. Let me know what you think.  Kay 
 Are you available any time this week?  We are getting down to the nitty gritty.  Kay 
 Hi there.  Do you have to be a licensed claims handler (or a lawyer) to handle a third party's insurance claim?  Same for selling insurance?  Thanks,  ckm 
 I do recall the conversations you and I had (actually a series of pages, I believe), so I'll check with Rebecca and see if she still has those signature pages.  Kay 
 FYI.  I've reviewing at Heather's request.  Kay 
 The attached is the version of the contract which is under internal review and has therefore not been sent to VEPCO. Warning: the black lining may not be much help to you, depending on which version you last reviewed.  We are meeting with VEPCO on Tuesday to iron out the remaining issues, and would like to send them this version in advance of that meeting Monday afternoon.  With apologies for the short notice, any input you might want to give would be appreciated.  We would like to send them this version  (with internal revisions) in advance of that meeting.  Therefore, please email me any proposed changes, or leave me a voice mail at x57566.  FYI: The goal is to have this part of the deal  completed prior to August 22.  Thank you for your assistance,  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I'm with EWS Legal, and I'm working with John Llodra (East Power origination) concerning a confidentiality agreement with Ameresco.  The proposed transaction is described as follows:  A potential power plant site development and asset management services related to the Island End Generation Project, a nominal  365 MW combined cycle power generation facility, proposed to be located in Everett, Massachusetts.  The current draft of the CA contains this language:  From the time of the signing of this Agreement until October 1, 2001 neither Party shall pursue the Proposed Transaction without  the participation of the other Party, unless the other Party consents in writing or notifies the other Party that it does not intend to   pursue the Proposed Transaction.  In accordance with policy, this issue is being submitted to you for your review.  John can be contacted at 978 449 9936.  My extension is 57566.  Thank you,  Kay  Here is the entire CA: 
 I've received error notices, so I'm trying again.  Kay 
 I thought of you yesterday.  I planted an eggplant plant and a pepper plant. What a great weekend - I lived outside.  What about you?  ckm 
 Hi Catherine,  Would it  be appropriate for me to call Karl or someone to try to get the original docs?  I have this urge to get something off of my "to do" list, and this looks like a good candidate.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It is Carlos' territory.  Please review for compliance  with this month's rules.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Carolyn,  GE is calling for the original turbine contract.  I believe I previously provided Lee Johnson's address.  Could you send him an original?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've tried sending this 3 times.  Please see if you can figure out the problem.  I've used the autoaddressing and his long internet address.  If all else fails, just print and have it delivered, I guess, or send it to his assistant.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Tom,  I agree that this helps.  We can also put something in to indicate that the price we sell to them may not be the same price we bought from a third party, depending on market conditions. Something like that.  Kay 
 three glitches  He probably just changed over to Outlook 
 Hi Dale,  Did you just do a tolling agreement re: LV?  I'm looking for forms, and thought I'd check.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nothing fatal. Here are some thoughts/comments on the AMA for your general consideration:  2.2 (d) Bank accounts/bookkeeping.  I've previously been advised that Corp performs this function.    Issues which arise: will the money be invested overnight, who has signature authority, etc.  We have a draft services agreement prepared for Peoples which can serve as a "go by" if you decide you need a separate doc.  2.2 (b)Billing/collection.  Responsibility generally should stop at sending nastygrams.  No duty to hire lawyers, etc.  2.2 (f) Insurance.  In Texas, you have to have licenses to buy/sell insurance and adjust claims.  Current language may be soft enough to not violate licensing laws.  2.2 (g) cost of filing for licenses and permits not included in defn of Marketing Expenses, but there's some catch all language that might help.  2.3  Accountants may like it to be clear that we can't hire/fire O & M contractor, set O & M policies, or dispatch plant.  3.2   If there are multiple transactions in a short period, these may be captured in one document, not one document for each transaction.  It would be helpful if the EEIM for use with others explains our agency role. (may be in there - didn't review a copy) Is the Owner a power marketer yet?  Are we helping them get EEIM's with the Approved Counterparties, or are they on their own?  Will Enron sign on behalf of Owner for Contractor (Enron) transactions (sounds silly)?  Is there an EEIM in the works between EPMI and Owner?  3.3 (f) I suspect by now you've figured out profits, etc, relating to "day of" transactions.  3.4  last line - should it be interruptible instead of contingent?  Assume Owner has transmission risk?  Is there a "no third party beneficiary" clause?  I might have missed it.  Not life or death.  Interesting structure.  Could I get a copy of the final document?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Me too.  It is my filing system. 
 Carolyn,  Your approach makes perfect sense to me, but I think Lee wants his turbine= =20 contract sooner.  I still haven't received the finance stuff yet.  I've asked again today.  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  I've been working on the letter, but I've got to fill in a bunch of blanks before it is finished (proper names, etc.)  Depends on how complete you want it to be.  I've got to check to see if this is the final version we agreed to.  It is very close. 
 Here's the version NorthWestern approved.    Letter to follow...  Kay 
 In addition, we can add language that says we are specifically not prohibited from.......  and list what we care about.     Kay 
 Hi Rebecca,  I'm trying to locate the sig pages for the NW guaranty.  These were the docs that I approved after I had approved the letter agreement.  These signed pages weren't with the letter agreements and change orders you brought me. To you remember if you brought them to me before?  I haven't really searched - I thought I would ask first.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is this what you were thinking about? 
 Tam Pham, ma'am.  Thanks for the clue! 
 Hi Stacy,  I don't know if Jeff or Debra mentioned this to you, but this is a master we need in place in connection with a gas/power asset management arrangement with the cities of Yazoo City and Clarksdale Mississippi.  As you can see, Jeff suggested you take a look at it before it is sent to the customer.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi again,  I checked my maps of DC, and it looks like the Hotel Washington might be a good alternative.  Could you see what they have for Mon/Tues night?  Also, please check back with the Willard to see if they have had any cancellations.  Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number?  Due to the shortage of time, please call me with any information you might have.  I should be in my office from 830 until 930.  Ex 57566  If I'm not there, I'll be checking messages.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I figured it would.  The master is now in the hands (or on the email) of Stacy Dickson, one of the gas lawyers.  Let's see if we hear anything by noon.  Kay 
 ps.  You might warn Bob P. that this is coming, and needs top attention.  We can send it to his lawyer at the same time, if he wants.  I think it is someone other than David, though.  Can you find out who he wants to receive the draft?  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi.  Stacy just got the draft this am.  Gotta love the passion.  ckm 
 Can we swap days with Charlotte and go tomorrow? We need her to pick up Michael if we are going to go together.  ckm 
 It is worth a try, but it would be unusually generous of the power systems group to go along without push back.  At least now we will see where we stand.  Did Herman leave you a voice mail telling you that getting GE to sign off like this wouldn't do the trick? I'm guessing you've decided to appeal.  Kay 
 I will. 
 John,  I noticed a different file name on this draft than the version Pete Thompson sent out.  How is this version different from Pete's?  I sure hate to have more than one version of this monster being vetted at the same time.  Thanks,  kay 
 Wilson,  You should get a call from Suzanne, my assistant.  We're trying to set things up for Thursday am.  How does that look?  Kay 
 Due to the size of this possible transaction, I thought I would keep you in the loop on its status.  We submitted a bid with caveats as to its non-binding nature, and suggested an alternative structure.  In response, Navigant issued questions. John Llodra has compiled answers, which appear to be fine to me.  We  (Legal) have been instructed to standby, awaiting commercial guidance as to whether we will be going forward.  I believe Klauberg has either cleared conflicts or initiated the process, so if we go forward, he should be our man.  I will let you know once a go/no go decision is reached.   Kay 
 Herman Manis will need the opportunity to review, also.  ckm 
 Feel free to copy all you want, assuming there is nothing too compromising! 
 Opps.  I didn't notice C Sherman's name.  I'm unclear as to whether Herman needs it also. 
 Hi Matt,  I understand that John Rigby sent you a draft of the standard turbine contract.  Just thought you should know that it will be a E-Next type doc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there.  I am attaching for the group's consideration a red line that I ran comparing the current working draft (v4) with the draft John R. recently circulated to Tax and Insurance.  I suggest that Pete Thompson keep the typewriter on this.  We are getting so close to the end, I would really like to try to avoid confusion.  I am also attaching a clean copy of the current active version, and the current list of issues under consideration.  I suggest we work through this list and turn another draft before soliciting Cris/Herman and Lisa's comments.  We should also give the ENA commercial reps the opportunity to review it at that time.   Kay 
 Please prepare Sheila and I notebooks with the following emails and attachments printed (all located in my GE General email folder):  Stephen Swift  May 10 re warranty Stephen Swift May 10 re performance tests Thompson May 10 issues list Thompson May 11 Agreement version 4 Thompson May 11  Exhibits  Thanks!  Kay 
 Sheila and I discussed using the time at 130 CDT for an internal discussion, bringing her up-to-speed on the issues and discussing action items.  Nothing set in concrete, though.  Kay 
 I have Michael's name pinned on my bulletin board at work, so he is in my thoughts and prayers daily.  Good luck!  Kay 
 John,  After considerning what you told me about the job (and what you didn't tell me), I've decided to decline the job you aren't offering me.  Kay 
 FYI,  I have a call with Wilson and David scheduled for Thursday am.  ckm 
 I'll defer to Sheila on timing. 
 A small step for man... 
 FYI.  Maybe I should take this project if we want to keep AE.  Kay 
 Looks like 200 Friday,  May 18th for a status/download meeting.  Suz, please find a room and notify folks and their assistants.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes.  1 and 1/2 hrs. 
 I have 30 minutes at 930 (1000am meeting) 
 I think we need an internal review to develop responses to positions as outlined in PT's memo.  Kay 
 Hi there,  We need the exact name of the YC entity which will be buying the gas.  Is it Yazoo City or the YCPC, or what?  Same info is required for Clarksdale, although not as urgently.  If you will email me the addresses of all who need to review this, the YC contract will be ready tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Absolutely. 
 I took a crack at tightening up the E Next assignment language as it exists in the overrides, for inclusion in WH form:    Peter, could you take first cut at the override letter?  We  may be having an internal meeting at 930 central, and if so, will you be available by phone if necessary?  Suz, please put the attachment in the notebook.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a conflict at 130. Rose has been reliable at showing up and participating, so I suggest that she be included, although it sounds like she 'll be with John.  ckm 
 Just for your info. 
 Hi Suz,  Please print email and attachment, and fax to me at the Willard.  I'm in room 443.  Thanks,  Kay  PS  How was Pappas? 
 Anytime 9-11 Friday if fine. 
 fyi 
 Between 11-130; 215-400 today, almost anytime Friday, other than 2-3. 
 Hi Kara,  Michael has been seeing a speech/language therapist, and recently she raised an issue about Michael's ability to "blend and unblend" sounds in words, specifically as it relates to reading readiness.  She had this conversation with Neil, so I don't know the details.  We are meeting with her today to get more input, but I wanted to mention it to you, just in case you had a comment.  I know this is something we can discuss at Michael's conference on May 31st, but if you would like to discuss it before hand, I can be reached at 713 304 8716 9 (cell), 713 345 -7566 (office - just tell my asst you are Michael's teacher), 713 973 6325.  Thanks so much,  Kay 
 I knew  you would figuer out something! 
 Otra mas.    We'll need to change the date of the doc once we have an idea of when it will be signed.  Kay 
 Taking asset management to a new level of pain.  Commericial vision is to form a joint venture with NRG to manage a portfolio of generation assets.  I'm meeting with Janelle et al at 10:00 to discuss what we want to do.  Kay 
 I suggested yesterday that you ask Sheila about the timeframe, and you told me you would just go ahead and do it.  I'll just tell her it isnt' ready. It doesn't matter to me.  Kay 
 I think that's fine. 
 Good job Ric! 
 Thanks for the note.  I was wondering about that.  kay 
 no more than an hour. 
 Yes. 
 Wow.  I haven't seen Dan like that.  Thanks for the books. 
 I don't remember a PPA for Homestead.  I'll check, though.  Kay 
 I'm remembering now.  It was a term sheet which was never executed, as far as I know.  I believe FPL prepared it, and we may have commented on it. Let me see what I can find.  Kay 
 I've made some revisions the Bill's document to make sure we are on the same page before I prepare the LOI.    Do we want to give any sort of description of how the benchmark will be set? Do we want to mention the cancellation provisions?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Ben,  Here's what you requested.  I do not recommend this MOU, as there are several problems with it,  Is there something I can help you with?  Kay 
 Are you here?  I wanted to get those Intergen consents done and out of the way.  Also, DDuran needs to sign the Northwestern guaranty (Oz signed but they want more copies), and I thought it would be best if you initialled.  ckm 
 Hi Ben,  Just wanted you to know that I received your email, and will follow through on the change order.  I should be in the office on Thursday am, if not sooner. As you can see, I'm picking up email, and can also be reached on my cell phone.  I reviewed your email re: VEPCO. We do have a project entity to use, and Accounting (and Global Finace) have been involved on the MTM and off  balance sheet issues.  I suspect we will find out about the need for a guarantee soon.  It was good to get your input on VEPCO. There's lots to do on that one.  Kay 
 Well, aren't you hangin' with the big dogs.  No big deal.  Kay 
 fyi.  Don't know if any of your folks ever attend this kind of thing.  Kay 
 fyi. =20 
 I'll give it a look.  ckm 
 Hi Carlos,  Just a reminder that you emails may be discoverable, especially when you include any "lay person" other than Ben.  I know you know this, but as a former trial type, I just can't help myself.  Kay 
 We aren't required to, but I don't see a downside to sending it. 
 KC,  We need a confidentiality agreement relating to asset management services for Intergen.  We may have a confidentiality agreement in place - please check with K Young.  It probably won't cover this.  Plus, I think this should be in the name of EPMI - Reagan, what do you think?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Herman/Billy,  This is still very early in the process, but some thought as to structure options for earning recognition might be worthwhile.  Kay 
 Herman,  I mentioned the bridge loan, and Ben was concerned that it might be difficult to get that done before the end of Q2.  A topic for Friday.  Kay 
 Sorry to miss your birthday. Did you have one in my honor?  You know I really did have one for you on vacation.  Points well taken - some we have already addressed, others probably need to be tied up better.  See you soon.  By the way, it hailed in DC today. Looked good from the bar at the Willard.  Kay 
 Hi KC,  It would be a big help if you could take the NorthWestern guaranty sig pages to Marissa after D Duran has signed them.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Fairley loves Bill Bryant.  However, Bill have given us some bad advice re: Florida siting act.  Marchris has the authority to hire who he wants to on regulatory side, but I wouldn't touch him for deal counsel.  Sheila has details.  Kay 
 It will take me awhile to find it.  Please ask Linda Simmons. 
 Hi there.  I have not received my password yet.  Do I use the one from the end of 2000?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Can't think of anyone. 
 By the way, Bryant's bill should go to Marchris, not you.  Marchris will know that. 
 Did Steve S ask that it be added to the list?  I would let them bring it up if he didn't.  We spent quite a bit of time and effort on the LOL clause, and it was subject to lots of give and take.  Kay 
 Doug,  Here's the revised CA.  I highlighted the changed terms.  In addition, I deleted the prior paragraph 11 which said that the agreement supercedes a prior CA.  I don't know if the InterGen indentity and signatory are the same,  but obviously I left that for you to determine.  I expect that the Enron entity which will bid will be EPMI, so I used that entity.    I beefed up the definition of confidential information due to the complexity of the issues, and I added 6 months to  the term since things won't get cranked up for a while.  I look forward to talking to you at your convenience.  Have a good weekend.  Kay 
 Hi Carlos,  I'm back in DC, at the Willard, so I'm thinking of you.  We (the commercial leads and I) will be in Richmond tomorrow for negotiations, then back tomorrow night at the Willard.  I hope things are ok for you. I know it is probably stressful. Hang in there.  Kay 
 Please prepare a bcc on the Siemens letter as indicated below. 
 I will be impressed if they can close by July 15, when they don't have their financing lined up on May 18.  Oh well.  I'll send the assignment doc to JS via email.  Ben, I'll be down shortly.  Kay 
 I would like to attend.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Tell him he is dropping to the B list.  It was sent via fax to her.  Kay 
 I like your letter. 
 Suz,  Please print two originals of this CA (in my CA directory) InterGen North America CA May 18 rev 1.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 I have revised the option form consistent (except where noted) with comments sent by Herman and Lisa, and have attached a redline version.  Herman, I dealt with your comment regarding the defn of Optionee by tinkering a little with the 1st paragraph.  I also construed your comment regarding Enron's right to terminate the option to NOT preclude termination if our counterparty is in default.  Please confirm that this is acceptable.  Lisa, I did not change the notice info since the first entity will the the project co, with ENA Legal receiving a copy.    Please advise if you have any comments.  Kay 
 This look ok?  It will be presented to Dave Duran to execute Monday am unless you suggest otherwise.  Kay 
 This is the most recent thing I have from GE specifically on LOL and indemnity. Our memories appear to be correct this time, unless I'm missing something from my file.  Kay 
 This is so sad.  But then again, God works in very mysterious ways.  If things are going to fall apart soon anyway....  Jim and his family have been in my prayers.  This must be very hard. 
 Here's a rough cut.  Let me know what you think.  The fuel cells will be subjected to testing after installation to ensure that each fuel cell meets the performance criteria prior to CRRA accepting the units.  These tests will measure heat rate, electrical output, air emissions, noise levels and water consumption, and will last at least one hour each.  In addition, a seventy-two hour test will be run to ascertain that each unit is capable of producing the required output without outages. The final test protocol will establish the number of tests to be performed.  Heather:  There was a proposed ASME standard relating to the testing of fuel cells, but I don't know if it has been adopted yet.  If it has been, we could make reference to that fact that the tests will be conducted in conformance with ASME PT-50, or whatever it is.  I'm sure Ric knows.  Kay 
 Hi Stuart,  I believe the plant manager was going to call someone at SW, to keep the communication lines open.  I'll be glad to draft a friendly letter to follow up.  Kay 
 9.6  Additional Factory Testing .  In the event that Purchaser reasonably determines that a factory test=20 conducted by Seller or its Subcontractors was not conducted properly or the= =20 results of the test were inconclusive Purchaser may required Seller to repe= at=20 such test in a fashion as to obtain conclusive results. =20  Purchaser may request Seller or its Subcontractors to  perform one or more = of=20 its factory  tests using more precise instrumentation than planned, or=20 conduct a test not in Seller=01,s or its Subcontractor=01,s standard factor= y test=20 program.  In the case of a Purchaser request for an additional non standard= =20 factory test the conduct of such test shall be subject to mutual agreement = by=20 the parties. =20  In the event as a result of such Purchaser requested repeat test, ormore=20 precise instrumentation or non standard test  the Equipment is found to not= =20 be compliant with the requirements of this Agreement, Seller shall correct= =20 such noncompliance and the cost and time associated with such testing shall= =20 be to Seller=01,s account.  If the Equipment is found to be compliant with = this=20 Agreement, Seller shall be eligible for a Change Orderfor the cost and time= =20 associated with such testing. 
 Reagan,  I've requested the issuance of a draft master (gas) for Clarksdale.  Yazoo has theirs in hand, but I haven't heard any of any comments.  The power side is a bit more complicated.  Yazoo City and Clarksdale have not cut a deal between them to determine how to buy power - whether it should be bought  by MDEA (easier in some accounting respects, but credit is more of an issue) or by the individual Cities.  Maybe this should be on the list for our 300 meeting.  Kay 
 Thanks. 
 I'll discuss with Carlos.  ckm 
 I'm leaving now anyway.  ckm 
 Ben,  I'll take a look at it today, you night owl.  Hope the kids cut you some slack after your late night.  You're missing our last week of nice weather for the season.  It was 65 degress this am.  I'm taking Herman to the game tonight, which will be wonderful in this weather.  Next comes 90 degrees.  Michael had his first soccer practice yesterday - actually a skills assessment to put them on teams.  He loved it. His big sister and her boyfriend took  him to buy soccer clothes afterwards.  He is wearing his shin guards and soccer shorts to school today.  Too cute.  Hope you are enjoying your little ones.  Kay 
 Hi David,  Either email or handwritten works for me.  I would just as soon have everything now, if it is possible to get it to me in the today or tomorrow.  In discussing the extension yesterday, the consensus was that we should extend until June 29th.  If the deal gets done sooner, we can always have the new doc supercede the old one.  I'm copying Heather and Reagan so that they can  let me know if I've got it wrong.  Thanks,  Kay 
 One point you were checking was the CA.  Any luck?  I called pulled off track on a couple of things, but I can get back to this now.  Billy Fleenor says he has some thoughts on structure from a M-to-M standpoint.  Are you guys interested in having that conversation at this time?  Kay 
 Most hotels have a 4 to 6 oclock the same day policy. That's pretty awful. 
 Please advise if you think this is ready to go to GE. 
 If Carlos has reviewed it I don't need to comment.  ckm 
 Greg/Steve,  Since AEWhite will be out of the office for the next two and a half weeks, I've volunteered for to cover her power development work in Florida.  Just in case you don't have my numbers:  office 713 345 7566  home 713 973 6325 cell 713 314 8716.  As a  heads up, I believe Rose Engeldorf, the Global Finance lawyer who helps us process documents, will be on vacation beginning June 2.  Anything which may need to be blessed can probable be done a bit more easily before Rose leaves.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's a free look at someone else's deal.  I don't know what role Enron has in the deal after sell down.  Kay 
 Hi there,  I need to get with Lee Johnson on another deal, and I know he will ask about LV CoGen.  Anything I should tell him?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Do you know if we had TECO sign a confidentiality agreement?  Who is the counterparty to the participation agreement?  I thought we were just sending out  the public documents.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hello.  I gave the Matagorda County Fair & Livestock Association $2050, and filled out the form for the match.  Please advise if this has been paid, as they are sending me a bill for the $2050, plus a finance charge.  Thank you,  Kay Mann x57566 
 Anything posted on DealBench? 
 Lisa,  I haven't gotten the executed docs back, but I'll send you the electronic version if that works for you.  Timing is as follows:  Northwestern gives 30 days notice of readiness to close.  If the closing does not occur before July 16, they make another $5m payment.  10 days after notice, they fund the balance into escrow, and we close 20 days later.  If they fail to close on or before Sept 1, they forfeit their previous payments, unless we have failed to provide the GE consent to assignment, which we are working on now.  I've given this timeline without looking at the doc, so I will let you know if I missed something.  Hopes this helps.  Kay 
 Did you tell her yes yes yes? 
 I agree that we need a "standard" way of moving the turbines (and transformers) into other structures.  Both the GE contract for the LM 6000's and the ABB transformer contract envision such moves.  In addition, the ADA's with WestLB anticipate these moves.  I'm sure you've heard plenty about all of this.  I've been working on developing on some of the forms required to take some of this - Global Finance will coordinate other aspects of it.  I believe we are in pretty good shape conceptually to take care of all of it, but we should plan 2 to 4 weeks to get the documents completed.  I don't see any problem with this - I just wanted you to be aware of some of the logistics.  I'll be in the office tomorrow if you would like to discuss this.  Kay 
 Bad Kay bad bad bad Kay.  I'll do it now.  ckm 
 I have a tolling arrangement to work on. I'm trying to get my hands on the Black Hills tolling agreement.  Can someone point me in the right direction to find it?   Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm on a conference call.  Could you call Charlotte ASAP and review the plan for tonight.  Paige is in her car if you need her input.  ckm 
 This PPA has a good overview of scheduling of power (no gas element), and was fully vetted with the power group.  ckm 
 Hi John,  I believe Ben Jacoby has mentioned our deal with NorthWestern.  In connection with that transaction, we have prepared the attached assignment and consent, which is patterned after the Pastoria form. We would like to get it wrapped up in the next two weeks, if possible.  Please let Ben or me know if you have any questions. 
 I know a couple of their lawyers from a prior transaction (Doug Turner and their GC, whose name I've now forgotten).  Don't know who they will have on this one.  I'm off to the Astros, but would like to visit with you tomorrow, if you will be around.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Greg,  You can call me on whatever you have, including Midway, SDEC and Medley Dunn.  If I have a problem getting to something, I'll find help.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Here's what we sent them. 
 I can understand how that can be a problem.  Certainly, every effort can be made to expedite the process, and I do think the first time will take the longest for obvious reasons.  For the purposes of scheduling going forward, I think it would help to keep that type of time frame in mind, with the thought that maybe it can happen more quickly.  Kay 
 I wouldn't use  an LLC with an prior history.  We might have to get the old stuff approved in order to put the equity into TurboPark.  If the LLC paid for an interconnect study, it could be a hard cost and we are dead.  I know this seems silly, but hey, it is!  ckm 
 Question for the team:  If it appears that we may have land which may not be able to stay off balance sheet, is it preferable to have the land held by a different LLC than the project LLC, with a lease to the E-Next/OBS compliant project co?  If that is the case, what about the possibility of burdening the land with some low dollar hard costs?  I don't have anything in particular in mind, it is more of a theoretical question.  Thanks,  Kay 
 How much is it and should this be the final amount?  One thought I have is that maybe we can retool the option agreement so that we pay them a flat fee, which is enough to cover the expenditures.  Don't know if this works, but it is one thought.  What do you think?  Kay 
 I'm on the phone with GE.  Their initial response to the assignment stuff is positive.  They want a letter which sets out the ownership of the LLC and what we are doing on payment.  I've been working on TECO term sheet, but I'm not sure I'll be done by 300, depending on this call.  Kay 
 Steve Swift and Jeff Darst, although Jeff is off the call now. 
 I was waiting but he did not bring it up.  Probably saving it. 
 YIKES. 
 At the risk of making you crazy, I've come up with a suggested rework of the term sheet, as I was having horrible problems with formatting when I was doing revisions.  Now all I have to do is fill in the blanks.    I'm ready when you are.  ckm 
 Could you email me the option agreement? 
 Hi Gregg,  I'm back.  I don't know what the deal was with my cell phone this week. Perhaps the problem was the weak signal in the area.  Several people commented that they had problems reaching me, and my phone was on almost the entire time. In fact, I  made many calls, but I ususally checked to see if I had a signal first.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  I'll take a look at the DASH, etc, and get up to speed so that I can speak intelligently.  Kay 
 I'm working.  Not a choice, a necessity.  Good night to grill...  ckm 
 I've skimmed it.  I see that the option expires August 9th.  Are we planning to renew it?  If so maybe we can renew early and fix what we can to preserve some optionality (no pun intended) and cover the fee issue.  Might take too long to address the immediate issue.  I don't see anyway we can get around the balance sheet issue unless we let the option expire and then reoption, but in that case the option payment would have to be smaller (acct says an option of 5% creates a problem as it would be considered a down payment).  Just fyi.  Kathleen, was the option recorded, or just a memo of option, or neither?  I'm just wondering what is public info.  Herman is out of the office today, but I can discuss the fee issue to get his vote.  More to come...  ckm 
 Here are issues which I'm unclear about, all of which impact the drafting of the agreement:   How are we setting the heat rate?  Do we have the GADS (?)?  Is it a daily average, weekly average?  Flat rate? Adjusted? If so, how often?  Are we comfortable that there are no permit restrictions?  We have determined that we won't deal with fuel oil, right?  We aren't making money on gas, right?  Do we have a defn of costs that we like yet, and if so, how does it fit in to the picture?  Is there an up-to-date set of exhibits?  It would help if theh commercial part of the team could send me the following, in words and/or formulae:  The defn and method of establishing the bogey (target production cost) formula can be an exhibit, which would be great for the commercial team to work on.   Are we determined how we should deal with imbalances (part of cost of power)?  How are we setting the bogey?  Formula?  Subject to audit? Two bogeys or one (gas and oil)?  What is defn of profit?  I think I have the general idea, but a sentence or two would be helpful as a reality check.  What costs are included on the buy and sell side?  Re stack model: a sentence or two describing what it is and how it is used.  Updated exhibit on facilities, contracted resources, operating limits.  What information does MDEA need for us to provide in order to split costs/profits?  Are we clear that Cities buy gas, MDEA buys/sells power?  It would be great if I could get one set of answers to these questions/issues, which has commercial buy in all around.  Thanks,  Kay 
 One project co is good enough.  ckm 
 Gentlemen,  I've been told that the parties have agreed to extend the letter agreement until June 15, and that we will have a signed long term document by then.  David,  I would think I simple letter agreement should work.  I can get it working from here.  I'm working on what was the most recent form that I had re the long term deal, which should address some of David's issues.  I'm not sure yet when I'll have it done, but it has moved up the list of priorities.  Talk to you soon, I'm sure.  Kay 
 Hi.  Did the CA get signed and sent, and did it come back?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Unless the first option expires (and the original premium is expensed), you add the original payment to the renewal premium to determine the percentage. If we can't beat the percentage game, we can have the land on the balance sheet and that won't put the entire project on it.  Don't ask me to splain that, because I can't.  If the land is going to be on the balance sheet, you would think that it would be better to have $1.3 on than $4.2.  However, one thing I don't know (haven't asked) is what the environmental restrictions are with our financing vehicle.  I don't know if the land has to be clean before it can go into the vehicle.  I can ask.  If it is required to be clean, then you may be back to the $4.2 anyway.  Kay  PS.  Feel like Alice in Wonderland  yet? 
 Okey dokey. 
 As far as I know the commissioning period we have in the current LM contrac= ts=20 still works for the LMs.  I haven't heard any differently.  You just plug= =20 those things in, right Scott?  From the owner/power seller standpoint, the predictability is more importan= t=20 than the time period (within reason, of course).  No matte what we have on= =20 LDs with GE, the penalty for not moving megawatts will be more.  As for standard of conduct, do we have language in the warranty section abo= ut=20 how the service techs have to work?  Maybe something similiar would be=20 work?  =20  The discussion shows that it is a good idea to get them committed to=20 performing the TD of I at the time we sign up to buy the turbines.  ckm 
 Way cool.  I'd let Reagan follow up.  ckm 
 Here's the latest version.  It looks ok to me.  The most substantive aspect of it is that Calumet Power (or its affiliate) could end up the indemnity obligations under the agreement.  (in other words, an entity without a lot of money to fund indemnity obligations)  In my opinion this isn't important in the context of the option.  Unless someone objects, I'll tell PERC that Enron is ready to go with the assignment.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 Don't know the answers. We need to visit with Herman Manis to get his buy-in on an approach.  I have a call in to him on another transaction, so I'll ask.  Are you in Houston today?  ckm 
 Didn't really deal with her. 
 Hi Greg,  The agreement isn't  attached.  (I do that ALL the time.)  ckm 
 Looks like 230 today is good for all three of us re: option issues.  We will meet in Herman's office on 33.  Kay 
 Who will/can sign the turbine contract for Enron?  Thanks,  Kay 
 More:  We need internal agreement on the cancellation fee schedule, to be included as an exhibit.  What is the status of the Yazoo City master gas agreement?  Do we still want a master gas agreement for Clarksdale, also?  Do we want it now?  Thanks,  Kay 
 1.  Need details re item 1  below.  Please suggest language (band of acceptability, etc) which I will massage and incorporate.  6.  Do I have the latest draft of Marketing/Risk policies?  7. Bogey calc only addresses gas.  What if the fuel of choice is fuel oil? Does the fuel cost and heat rate change?  Please point me to the defn of profit by cutting and pasting from wherever it is.  I did  a quick search and couldn't find it, but I didn't do a page turn to locate it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Question:  Do we have a schedule of assets to be involved in the transaction?  I recall that Janelle had some stuff that wasn't on the list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 calendar, please 
 Bob,  Here's the bill of sale we didn't use on the last deal.  I don't know how much good it will do you, but at least it gives you some tax language.  As I mentioned, the last deal was supposed to be a "wire me money, I'll sell you stuff" deal, but it didn't  happen.  I'd like to see the installment sale form once it gets fixed up, if possible.  Kay 
 Duke Energy, Environmentalists Strike Deal over California Plant Tom Knudson  May. 16, 2001 Knight Ridder Tribune Business News - KRTBN Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World Reporter (TM)  Days after state regulators gave Duke Energy the go-ahead to expand its Moss Landing Power Plant near Monterey Bay last fall, documents show four environmental groups made their own deal with the utility giant. The four signed an agreement not to "participate in any lawsuit (or) regulatory challenge" that might slow or stop the project in exchange for a financial concession: $1 million from Duke for environmental "monitoring and research."  Balancing power generation and environmental protection always has been difficult. But today, as power-starved California scrambles to find and permit new energy sources, some fear the Moss Landing agreement shows that money can sway even environmentalists -- and tip the scales too far in favor of economic development.  Environmentalists who signed the agreement, though, said that despite their concerns about the plant expansion, they had little chance of stopping it, especially after it was approved by the California Energy Commission and Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board.  So they took the potentially controversial step: entering into an agreement with Duke for financial resources to pay for studies of the plant's impact on the marine environment.  Other environmentalists, though, criticized that approach.  Duke Energy's efforts to modernize the Moss Landing Power Plant resulted in mitigation payments to environmental and other groups, including:  $7 million to the Elkhorn Slough Foundation to mitigate the plant's use of seawater.  $425,000 to the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Foundation over three years to monitor heated seawater discharge in the ocean.  $1 million to the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Foundation over five years to monitor water quality through a program sponsored by Save Our Shores, the Center for Marine Conservation, the Friends of the Sea Otter and the Otter Project.  $100,000 to the Marine Mammal Center to relocate its triage center for injured animals onto power plant property.  $3.4 million to the Moss Landing Chamber of Commerce over 20 years for infrastructure improvements in the Moss Landing community.  $100,000 to design and construct a boardwalk for additional beach access in Moss Landing.  $60,000 for an environmental assessment for a proposed Elkhorn Slough Circle Trail. If approved, Duke would provide an additional $250,000 endowment to maintain the trail.  "It is very disheartening," said Carolyn Nielson, a retired teacher who along with some other local residents is waging a battle against what they consider an environmentally harmful power plant cooling system.  "These environmental groups have the expertise, the biologists, the attorneys," said Nielson, who has taken her case to the State Water Resources Control Board. "We could have been much more successful with their help. But there wouldn't have been any financial reward in it for them."  Such criticisms are off-base, according to Warner Chabot, regional director for the Center for Marine Conservation, a national environmental group that was among those to sign the deal. He said environmentalists got the best deal possible in the current energy climate.  "Look at what's happening with power plant approvals in California right now," said Chabot, referring to the state's push to bring new energy sources on line.  The Moss Landing project -- which is scheduled to add 1,060 megawatts in 2002, enough to serve one million homes -- is a key part of that energy expansion plan.  No money will go to the four environmental groups -- the Center for Marine Conservation, along with Save Our Shores, Friends of the Sea Otter and the Otter Project. It will be routed, in five yearly installments of $200,000 each, to the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Foundation, a nonprofit organization that helps support sanctuary programs, including scientific research.  Chabot helped found the sanctuary foundation and sits on its board. He said the money will be used to monitor the health of Elkhorn Slough, a biologically rich estuary that borders the plant and is linked to Monterey Bay.  "Not a dime comes to the Center for Marine Conservation," he said. "Not a penny comes to me."  Duke representatives said the controversy about the arrangement has been stirred by a handful of people.  "It's a million dollars worth of water quality studies," said Duke spokesman Tom Williams. "Our whole effort wasn't to try to buy anybody off. It was designed to help increase people's comfort level where there wasn't a comfort level."  The $1 million agreement signed in November is part of a package of more than $12 million in Duke payments to civil, government and environmental groups in connection with the plant modernization.  The heftiest award -- $7 million to the Elkhorn Slough Foundation, a nonprofit environmental organization -- was negotiated by state agencies to "mitigate" environmental impacts of the plant.  Formed in 1982, the slough foundation exists to promote "the wise use and conservation of Elkhorn Slough and surrounding wetlands," its Web site says. However, some environmentalists say the state-approved mitigation plan is inadequate.  "If you want to say, 'Who did Duke roll with a big chunk of money?' I would say they rolled the California Energy Commission and the Regional Water Board for the price of mitigation," Chabot said. "The agencies got bought off cheap. And the environment got taken to the cleaners."  Duke's Williams strongly disagreed. Environmental mitigation "must be based on science, not on buying anybody off," he said. "That is inappropriate, and we would not participate in that.  "That suggestion is offensive to us. And it should be offensive to any environmentalist."  Bob Haussler, head of the Energy Commission's environmental protection office, said the mitigation plan is biologically sound. "We are confident it will improve the slough ecosystem," he said.  Madeline Clark, a local businesswoman and founder of Monterey Parkway -- a citizens group that scrutinizes local public works projects -- called the recipients of Duke's payments a "shopping list" of government agencies, environmental groups and civic organizations. She was particularly critical of the $1 million deal with environmental groups.  "You know what bothers me?" Clark said. "Environmental groups get tons of donations. Their purpose is to protect and defend the environment. If a big corporation like Duke can come in and buy them off, I have a real problem with that."  Construction began in November on Duke's project to add 1,060 megawatts of natural gas-fired electrical capacity to the Moss Landing plant, purchased from PG&E in 1998.  If the expansion is finished next year, as scheduled, it would account for more than 30 percent of all new generation in California in 2002.  "This is a big deal," said Williams, the Duke spokesman. "It will be the largest plant in California. If that plant is delayed a month or two, we lose the summer of 2002. And that affects not only Duke Energy, but the state of California."  Opponents say it's not the power they oppose, but the plant's cooling system, which will pump about 1.2 billion gallons of seawater each day from Moss Landing Harbor. Such pumping, they say, will degrade Elkhorn Slough. They argue for an alternative cooling system, such as towers that re-circulate water.  "Basically, what that plant will do is take 25 percent of the volume of the harbor and slough, run it through a pipe and dump it back into the ocean with much of the marine life cooked and dead," said Steve Shimek, executive director of the Otter Project.  For Shimek and other environmentalists, scientific studies commissioned by Duke during the permitting process left key questions unanswered about the plant's impact on the environment.  "There was no scientific evidence that would literally point to Duke causing harm to the environment," said Vicki Nichols, executive director of Save Our Shores. "We felt we didn't have strong standing to sue."  Instead, the environmentalists began negotiating with Duke for financial payments for studies of environmental impacts of the modernization project.  The process "gave me tremendous pause and great concern," Nichols said. "I knew there was going to be some perception that we were doing the wrong thing."  She was right.  "As far as I'm concerned, with the price-gouging going on by the energy wholesalers, they are just receiving stolen goods," said Clark, of the citizens group.  Her skepticism was sharpened by the recent disclosure that Duke Energy approached Gov. Gray Davis with a secret deal offering financial concessions if the state dropped lawsuits and investigations into the power generator.  Chabot, with the Center for Marine Conservation, discouraged any comparison between the two offers, calling it "grossly unfair and inaccurate."  Regardless of what was intended with the payments, Nielson said they stain the process. "It is so destructive in terms of making everyone cynical," she said.  Shimek took a different view. "We convinced Duke to spend $1 million toward monitoring that, frankly, five years from now could very well come back to haunt them," he said.  "Did we do the right thing? I have no idea. Did we try our best? Yes, we did." 
 Here's the first draft re the deal which needs structuring help:   Please let me know when you are available to meet on this.  Thanks,  Kay 
 check out q and a #2 below. 
 They all have it now. I thought you would enjoy this one.  Did you hear about the protest in Enron's Chicago office.  40 ACORN members stormed in, demanding that Gregg Penman fax a letter to Ken Lay.  No kidding.  ckm 
 I've volunteered Kathleen to help process the paper.  ckm 
 The other deal I did with TECO  had the same inhouse lawyer.  He's just fine.  ckm 
 Glad I gave you such a GLOWING review. 
 FYI. 
 How depressing would it be to be at EECC? 
 Not a word. 
 Hi Wilson,  We discussed asking the counterparties for opinion letters.  Could you outline what you think we should ask for, or alternatively, just draft it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Absolutely.  Kay 
 Please print all attachments and make a folder:  Tolling (Enron tolling).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  I would like to have one email with electronic versions of the letter agreement, and all the attachments except the turbine contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's a first draft of the NRG loi.      Kay 
 Thanks.  Did I tell you that I spoke with GE about the assignment, and their initial response was very positive.  NorthWestern is predicting closing in July.  Kay 
 Wouldn't it be nice to not have a fire drill at the end? At least we will be ready.  I'm can't wait to see what their lenders will come up with.  Ben's hoping it will fall through and he can sell these again, I think.  Kay 
 I don't think she finished her thought.  I'll check with Allyson on this.  Kay 
 Yes, E-Next.  You might advise Jeff that we will probably need a substitute LOC post-assignment.  Kay 
 You might check the letter agreement re escrow and see what it says.  ckm 
 never received a pass word. 
 Hi Kara,  I haven't written because I haven't figured out what we learned at the meeting.  We can discuss next week at our conference.  We are arranging to have Michael re-tested.  I think it is more of an issue of a difference between potential and performance.  Michael has been tested in the past, and tests as extraordinarily bright, but he has had some performance issues which don't match up.  At least that's how I understand it. He just has some disconnects which we are working to overcome, but I must admit to not understanding it all.  I left you a note about Michael possibly missing next week.  After I dropped him off this am, I had a thought that next week might be when they visit in 1st grade, in which case we probably wouldn't want him to miss that opportunity.  I think he is excited about 1st grade, so you must be doing a great job of getting the kids prepared.  Thanks for everything, and see you next week!  Kay 
 My suggestions: 
 Schedule reflects amount due for cancellation on or before the stated dates? 
 When I was at the site it said that it had sent a new password to me at kay.mann@enron.com.  Didn't get here.  I give up. 
 I don't understand the last sentence. 
 It is too big for Ben.  Maybe Dave Duran? 
 Here's how I would do it. =20  (llc and its permitted assignees hereinafter referred to as "Optionee"), a= nd=20 ____________________________________, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability,  This is consistent with option.  Revise like this and send out again to=20 Herman.  thanks ckm 
 Allyson,  Thank you for the email.  It seems to stop in mid sentence, so I was wondering if maybe something got deleted?  We have an interest in having the application for the CPCN amended to be less specific on the equipment we will be using.  I believe Jeffrey may have mentioned this to you before.  We would like to follow up with that now, unless there is some significant problem with it.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  I've given it a quick look. Looks a lot different from when I last saw it.  I don't see a triggering event on the obligations in 2 a.  Was there another fix agreed to by all (maybe the "as required by law" language?)  Also, any idea why the service charge language was deleted in b?  Maybe it isn't a problem.  Also, do you have a copyy of the site plan approval?  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Tough question.  What happens if they don't pay their legal bills?  Won't they have difficulty closing?  We can pay their consulting fee up front. Maybe we can pay it into an escrow account.  What is our concern?  They don't have to use lawyers if they don't want to, and Shutts doesn't have to work for them if they are uncomfortable. Obviously, Shutts has the ability to quote an upfront retainer.  I'm sure they've thought of that all ready.  I guess I'm not clear on our level of involvement with their lawyers.  I believe my availability is good for Wednesday.  Kay 
 1st thing 1st.  Here's a draft of the extension letter:    Kay 
 Herman blessed this letter, but I think it needs to pass through your hands also.  Kay 
 I've taken the liberty of drafting a form of extension letter to extend the ILA until June 15.  I suspect Reagan will be distributing to the commercial folks, but I thought I would give you a heads up.  David, I'm at work on revising the longer term doc.  If you have your preamble stuff ready, I'm happy to put it in now.  Thanks,  Kay    PS  The salutation is to "Gentlemen".  Are the members of the commission and MDEA all men?  I don't want to commit a blunder. 
 Congrats!  I sent this on to the lawyer for Global Finance (TurboPark team), also, as part of SOP.  ckm 
 yes, yes, and yes.  You're on a roll.... 
 print job,  please.  How was your weekend?  I had a good one. 
 What is your preference when there is a  conflict between the interim agreement and the last draft (v23) of the ESMA.  (For instance, the definition of ancillary services.)  Shall I just ignore the ILA, or does it represent the customers' expectations?  Kay 
 fyi. 
 It needs to be sent to Lisa Bills, Roseann Engeldorf, and Ben Jacoby for approval.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I have a pretty cool portable play pen you can have if you want. 
 This stuff is so much better than it was 20 years ago.  It is amazing how things have changed.  Did you know that they now tell you to have  babies sleep on their backs? That is totally different from when Paige was a baby.  It was hard to get used to.  Kay 
 So have you figured out how to use the portal from home?  I just discovered it yesterday (while at the office).  We went to Arlington for my nephew's high school graduation, which was fine. Sunday we had dinner with Dan Lyons and spouse, which was wonderful. Yesterday I cooked, shopped, and puttered in the yard.  Got the last caladium bulbs in the ground.   I like to wait until they are on sale.  The weekend just flew by.  "They" say sleeping on backs reducing risks of sudden infant death syndrome. Go figure.  At least you can see their beautiful faces while they sleep.  Car seats, strollers and diapers are 100x better now.  Especially the diapers.  Yesterday I had a feeling that your grandbaby is a boy.  Just came to me in the kitchen.  I have a 50/50 chance of being right!  When I was in Austin I used an "above the water" pedal kayak.  Talk about easy.  Neil is talking about us renting to see what we like best.  The above the water is more stable than I expected.  I had assumed that it would be tippy, but it really wasn't.  Hope you have high water and not hell next weekend.  ckm 
 need defn of above 
 Sounds good if you would like to forward to counter parties.  I've sent a draft to their counsel all ready (D Hunt and Hemleben).  ckm 
 Rogelio,  Congratulations.  That is quite an honor.  Regards,  Kay Mann 
 I need a Heather deal to work on.  Good luck in Conn!  Kay 
 I have a note on my calendar that Michael has an appt with SS today.  Has it been cancelled? 
 I'm available any time Friday, and tomorrow afternoon is fine, especially after 230.   Kay 
 I have meeting with a different specialist for Michael next Wednesday at 430.  I will need to leave by 345.  ckm 
 Well, that's something I hadn't heard before.  They should let that be known, don't you think?  At least now WE know it!  Kay 
 Please email me a brief overview of what these documents are, how they fit into the overall picture, and the issues which need the most scrutiny. Additionally, have these been evaluated in light of Enron's balance sheet and financing issues?  Thanks,  Kay 
 This place is more difficult than it needs to be. 
 I don't know if David Hunt will have comments.  In any event, Marvin, Bob and the MDEA rep needs to reveiw it.  Reagan has my current requests.  Kay 
 I'm thinking my last email was unclear.  I assume that someone from the commercial team will send (or has sent) the extension letter to MDEA, YC, and Clarksdale's commercial reps for their review.  I assume that the  commercial reps with YC, MDEA, and Clarksdale will get whatever legal input they want from their own lawyers if they think it is necessary (may not), but as a courtesy, I sent drafts to the two lawyers I know about.  Kay 
 Figured you did, but better to be safe than sorry! 
 1. =01&Ancillary Services=018 or =01&AS=018 means those services required b= y Entergy=01,s=20 interconnection agreement with MDEA or Entergy=01,s tariff. OR =01&Ancillary Services=018 or =01&AS=018 means those services recognized by= Entergy=01,s=20 interconnect agreement with MDEA or Entergy=01,s tariff. 2.=01&Available Energy=018 means Energy that is available for sale on any g= iven day=20 that is in excess of MDEA=01,s Native Load. OR =01&Available Energy=018 means Energy that is available for sale on any giv= en day=20 that is in excess of (i) MDEA=01,s Native Load, and (ii) the Energy require= d to=20 be sold under any Existing Transactions, up to the total amount of Energy o= n=20 any day that can be produced from the Facilities.=20 3.=01&Available Energy=018 means Energy that is available for sale on any g= iven day=20 that is in excess of MDEA=01,s Native Load. OR =01&Available Energy=018 means Energy that is available for sale on any giv= en day=20 that is in excess of (i) MDEA=01,s Native Load, and (ii) the Energy require= d to=20 be sold under any Existing Transactions, up to the total amount of Energy o= n=20 any day that can be produced from the Facilities.=20 4.=01&Confirmation=018 means a confirmation of a transaction or transaction= s. OR =01&Confirmation=018 means the document provided for under the MPPSA or the= MGPSA=20 and with the corresponding third party under a Back-to-Back Transaction or= =20 with EPMI which specifies the Product being bought or sold, the duration of= =20 the Transaction and the other terms, including price. A daily report of all= =20 hourly (or similarly short term) purchases and sales will be provided to th= e=20 Customer and shall serve as a Confirmation for those transactions under the= =20 MPPSA or MGPSA. 5.=01&Delivery Point=018 means the busbar of the respective Facilities loca= ted at=20 the interconnection between CPUC=01,s and YCPSC=01,s respective transmissio= n=20 systems at the 115 kV switching station at the respective interconnections= =20 with the Entergy transmission system. Or =01&Delivery Point=018 =01&Point of Delivery=018 or =01&POD=018 means (a) f= or power (i) the=20 interfaces  located at the interconnection between Clarksdale and Yazoo Cit= y=20 transmission systems at the  Entergy system, or (ii) the point specified in= =20 any Back-to-Back Transaction, EPMI Transaction or Structured Transaction at= =20 which Products are to be tendered under a Confirmation; (b) for natural gas= ,=20 (i) for Clarksdale, the point of interconnection between Texas Gas and=20 Clarksdale (ii) for Yazoo City, the interconnection between Southern Natura= l=20 Gas (Sonat) and Mississippi Valley Gas for the Yazoo City Power Plant (the= =20 Sonat Delivery Point) (iii) the interconnection between Mississippi Valley= =20 Gas (MVG) and the Yazoo City Power Plant (MVG Delivery Point), (iv) any poi= nt=20 where fuel is delivered as specified in a Fuel Transaction. 6.=01&Incentive Fee=018 means forty percent (40%) of the Savings and of the= net=20 profit from external sales of the Cities=01, natural gas resources and the= =20 purchase of on-peak Energy, as calculated in accordance with Article III of= =20 this ILA. Or =01&Incentive Fee=018 means the fee described in [Section]. 7.=01&Market Price=018 is the price agreed by the parties to be paid by EPM= I in any=20 EPMI Transaction for the sale of Energy to third parties, or the amount to = be=20 paid to EPMI for the sale of Energy to the Cities and/or MDEA. or =01&Market Price=018 is the price agreed to (i) by any third party for the = sale or=20 purchase to or from EPMI or MDEA in a Back-to-Back Transaction, (ii) the=20 price paid by EPMI in any EPMI Transaction or (iii) by any third party=20 pursuant to any Structured Transaction.=20 8. =01&Protocols=018 shall mean the SPP Protocols duly adopted by SPP, incl= uding=20 any attachments or exhibits referenced thereby, as amended from time to tim= e,=20 containing the scheduling, operating, planning, reliability, and settlement= =20 (including customer registration) policies, rules, guidelines, procedures,= =20 standards, and criteria of SPP.  For the purposes of determining=20 responsibilities and rights at a given time, the Protocols, as amended in= =20 accordance with the change procedure(s) described in the Protocols, in effe= ct=20 at the time of the performance or non-performance of an action, shall gover= n=20 with respect to that action. or =01&Protocols=018 shall mean the Protocols duly adopted by SPP, SERC, NERC,= and/or=20 Entergy, including any attachments or exhibits referenced thereby, as amend= ed=20 from time to time, containing the scheduling, operating, planning,=20 reliability, and settlement (including customer registration) policies,=20 rules, guidelines, procedures, standards, and operations criteria.  For the= =20 purposes of determining responsibilities and rights at a given time, the=20 Protocols, as amended in accordance with the change procedure(s) described = in=20 the Protocols, in effect at the time of the performance or non-performance = of=20 an action, shall govern with respect to that action. =20 9.=01&Savings=018 shall mean the difference between 1) the total costs to M= DEA=20 and/or the Cities of a Transaction, and 2) the total costs of MDEA and/or t= he=20 Cities avoided or displaced by the Transaction, which difference shall be= =20 calculated as described in Article III of this ILA. not defined in rev 23 definitions 
 Could you email me the list of issues you have encountered thus far.  Ben really wants me to check with you. (I'm so proud!!)  Kay 
 Both of these are capitalized terms in rev 23.  Is there a difference?  Load Projection Model is in definitions, but Load Forecasting Model is used quite a bit.  ckm 
 done 
 Hi Nancy,  I am planning to make the changes which arose out of our meeting with VEPCO. When we met with them, we agreed that we would accept all the changes in this draft, then blackline against it.  I tried to do this to this document, then realized that this is a compared document as opposed to a draft marked with changes.  Can you email me unmarked version which contains all these changes, and I'll start from there.  I apologize if I already have the clean draft, but I want to be certain that I am working from the correct version.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes, however, I could use an electronic version if one is readily available (I have the PDF).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Anytime which works for you is fine, as this is more important than my other meeting. 
 Chris,  The docs you sent me that I asked about are titled: Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Midway Grove, and Articles of Incorporation of Midway Grove Property Owners Association, Inc.  I'm a bit unclear as to how the attached relate to those docs, but I must confess to having not read all of the previously sent documents or the two docs on this email.  It would help if you could connect the dots for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 for calendar, especially 930 
 How's Glenn doing with my binder?  Lots of Midway activity this week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Quien es mas macho? 
 Hi Doug,  I hear you are working on the Midway deal.  Me, too.   I want to go back to the restaurant  you suggested with the remarkable decor and wine list (was it Burns, something like that?).  I look forward to working with you on this one.  Kay 
 Muchas gracias! 
 Wanna come up? 
 Allyson,  Thank you for your prompt response.  Can you describe the process and timing for filing a project update?  Thanks,  Kay 
 200 is late enough for anyone to be out.  I'm all for the limo taking people home at that time.  I am concerned about Michael AND about imposing on Donnie and Lynn.  Are you taking Friday off?  Kay 
 If it were me I'd go for the standard limo, mostly because I've never seen the other kind. 
 I'm desperate.  HELP!!!!!!  We have a meeting with Duran et al today, and I really wanted to brouse through this before then. 
 (20) If and when a new RTO begins operation, seek to provide Scheduling Services [term used correctly?] and to satisfy required RTO rules and protocols in accordance with RTO requirements. 
 Did he say what happened?  I thought he wasn't taking her until next week. 
 Please print 4 execution copies of this from my o drive  Clarksdale/MDEA ILA/extension May 29  Please date the letter today.  Thanks,  kay 
 Lisa/Rose,  Attached is a brief letter which has been approved by Herman, and which is= =20 now presented for your review and approval. Greg Krause is the commercial= =20 lead, currently in Florida.  His cell phone number is 713 857 0369.  Kay    Mr. Alberto Gonzalez Transmission Business Manager 4200 West Flagler Street Miami, Florida  33134   Re: Letter of Agreement Regarding Interconnection Development Services for= =20 the Midway Development Company, L.L.C.  Dear Mr. Gonzalez:  Consistent with the results of the Feasibility and Facilities Studies and= =20 discussions that have been held to date between Florida Power & Light Compa= ny=20 (=01&FPL=018) and Midway Development Company, L.L.C and its designees refer= red to=20 as =01&MDC=018, by this letter MDC authorizes FPL to perform the necessary = studies,=20 analysis and other activities required to develop and support a schedule th= e=20 necessary for a potential power project to interconnect with FPL=01,s=20 transmission grid system and receive back-feed by March 15, 2002.=20  MDC authorizes FPL to utilize the one hundred twenty-two thousand dollars= =20 ($122,000.00) currently on deposit with FPL for Feasibility and Facility=20 Studies to cover the cost of this work  The scope of this work will be determined by MDC and FPL based on ongoing= =20 discussions and may be altered or modified by mutual consent from time to= =20 time. =20  FPL will inform MDC periodically of their progress and if additional funds= =20 are required to finance this work. =20  Please acknowledge concurrence to the above between FPL and MDC by executin= g=20 duplicate originals of this Letter of Agreement prior to returning to FPL f= or=20 final execution.  Sincerely,    Ben Jacoby Director Enron North America      AGREED AND ACCEPTED: Florida Power & Light Company  ___________________________ C. M. Mennes Vice President, Transmission Operations & Planning 
 I'm not doing a good job of time management, so yoga is looking doubtful. 
 fyi 
 I would like a copy of the Pompano Beach and Deerfield Site Plan Approvals, please. Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm leaving in a couple of minutes.  I just wanted some extra quiet time. 
 Here are my initial comments:  There's no clear triggering event which would expedite the internal approval process.  For instance, paragraph 3 is a current obligation (re landscaping).  It would be easier to process this agreement if the effectiveness of this agreement commences when we  file for a building permit.  I understand that we would have to pay some of this prior to the time the permit is issued, but again, magic words help.  Paragraph 6 on right of first refusal for power.  Looks like a free call for the next 30 years.  Just want to make sure you've bought in on this.  Other than the obvious valuation impact, it could impact a purchaser's ability to obtain project financing.  Kay 
 How do I get on the list for the form?  Could you pretty please check for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 This place amazes me!  Thanks for  your help.  I have no patience for it.  We went to Michael's school conference today.  His teacher raved about how everyone just loves Michael. He is so sweet.  He is staying with my folks this week, and the 3 of us miss him so badly.  I can't wait for him to come home.  Neil is going to meet my folks and Michael in Palacios this Friday, and spend the weekend there, bringing him home on Sunday.  I've got to take Roscoe for his last mange shot, so I'm staying.  Plus, I spent last weekend with my folks, and too much exposure doesn't work for us.  I hope to  PURGE the house of all the junk I have.  I hope it is raining, because  that is great cleaning weather.  I want to see bare space in my closet.  I think I'll call the Women's Center and see what type of stuff they need.  I'm planning on taking next Thursday and Friday off.  Next Thursday is Paige's 21st birthday, so we have great plans.  Do you know anywhere that can enlarge a photo and mount it on a board?  I still get a bill for the card they used previously for my phone.  Go figure.  I need to send off my Tx tax and bar dues today.  I'll want to fed ex, just in case you are sending anyone else's today.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes, because they are deducting pretax dollars for parking. 
 So where are you kayaking this weekend?  ckm 
 I would mention Carlos in the email, or have it shown as sent by him.  If it were me (and not him), I would have you send it under your own name, but explain that you are helping Carlos. 
 Thanks, but I'm throwing away junk all weekend.  Neil will be gone.... 
 Maybe it is on the development phone list.  I don't have it at hand. 
 I've got the crib, a playpen, red and blue check bumpers for the crib, a never used airplane baby swing you hang on a trees (our trees were too tall), perhaps a jogging stroller (don't think we gave it away), and I don't know what else.  All have "baby Carnahan" on it.  Will she give the baby her last name?  That would be cool.  I met someone (a guy)  named Kayne.  Yes, I know it looks like Kay, but I thought it sounded cool.  Kayne Carnahan.  Opps, sounds like a bull rider!  ckm 
 I'm still waiting on David Hunt to send me some stuff, which would really help move the document along.  I'll ask again if i can get it from him. There are still internal questions in it, which I have annotated. I'm happy for you to look at it fairly shortly, especially if you can give definitive commercial direction.  Do you feel that the commercial team is  finished with the exhibits?  I haven't worked on them, but I suspect the exhibits need work.  I know the bogey calc doc is a bit rough.  Do you still owe me the emergency transmission cut stuff?  Early next week is better than later, and Thursday and Friday are huge problem days for me.  When are you thinking of meeting with Beck?  Anyway to combine the two at once, given the short timeframe?  Has Dave signed the extension, by the way?  Kay 
 The agreement and notice are fine with Enron.  Kay 
 Absolutely.  Morning is better for me, as I have a meeting at 230 this afternoon.  I spent some time with Rose and Humberto yesterday, discussing the logistics and options in connection with this and City of Austin.  Kay 
 It should be signed and on its way.  I've heard that they are trying to schedule a meeting for Monday, so I'm trying to get a draft of the agreement out.  Do you think you will have a chance to send me the preamble stuff?  I know it doesn't seem like a big deal, but I will feel better if I understand who's on first, so to speak/  Thanks,  Kay 
 That reminds me.  There used to be a "gift department" that blessed such things.  I don't remember where it is - PR?  I wonder who would know? 
 How cool is that. 
 I can't locate the electronic version of Costs that David prepared.  Can you resend it to me? 
 What about this?  Is this the QSE defn?  =01&Scheduling Entity=018 means an entity contemplated to be recognized by = SPP, and=20 fully qualified under SPP rules and regulations, to schedule the transmissi= on=20 of Energy, Capacity and Ancillary Services from the Facilities. 
 Thanks. 
 That means it is recognized, not  "contemplated to be recognized", then?  I= s=20 there such a thing as a recognized scheduling entity, or do you just schedu= le=20 on their behalf? 
 Please fill in the blank: =01&First Contingency Transmission Outage=018 means 
 If there are any other resolutions, etc that they want, I would let them prepare them.  Thanks a bunch,  Kay 
 You're killing me. We have no definition for first contingency must run. Is= =20 this the same as First Contingency Emergency Dispatch?  HELPPPPPP. =20  ckm 
 Hi Kathy,  I'm in the office today, if you want to finish up ABB.  Ben Jacoby and Jody Pierce will need copies, if you will be making copies for distribution.  We can talk about the LM6000 change order #2, also.  Thanks,  Kay 
 yes, thanks 
 Yes, I'm officially in Elizabeth's group.  I need to ask her for a flat screen monitor. 
 I just like to make Margie work.  So do you think they'll fire Dierker?  I guess you heard Lima is heading to the bullpen. 
 You know ES doesn't work Fridays, so that takes away one day of opportunity to approve them, plus she hasn't had an assistant.  Maybe things will improve.  She is very excited about her new assistant. 
 Here's where I am.  I haven't finished all of your changes.  Please look for bold stuff, that's where I have questions.  If no question is given, I'm looking for your confirmation. 
 Good afternoon,  I am circulating a draft of the long term agreement for your review. There are still holes, but hopefully it sets out the basic commercial deal.  Please note that  we are anticipating a Monday meeting.  Therefore, we have sent this out without the usual internal review.  We hope to have a set of exhibits shortly.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 YIPPEEE 
 Have I signed this yet? 
 Hi Greg,  I just wanted to mention that if we are going to bust the percentage rule on the option payment, there is no incremental damage in having the option payment credited to the purchase price of the land.  As for officers of the development company, I would use Dave Duran.  Ben holds a power of attorney, but isn't an officer.  Hope you get email!  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I thought I would pull together a brief email outlining where we are on certain tasks.  Here goes:  Hub Agency Agreement - Gregg recently met with Peoples to discuss some of the outstanding commercial issues relating to the Hub Agency Agreement.  Roy is putting together a summary of the outcome of that meeting.  Gregg and I decided it would be better to not send Peoples the current draft of the agreement which has been circulated internally, but instead will send a draft which incorporates the outcome of these discussions.  Memo regarding restricted activities - David has prepared a draft for Enron's review.  Here's the draft:  Gregg and I need to review it.  Gregg and Peoples have been working on the grandfathered transaction list. Since both sides are running behind on this,  David prepared a very straight forward amenment to the LLC agreement, exending the time frame for finishing the task.  Here it is:   Policies - Gregg "Policy Man" Penman has been working on a credit policy, cash management policy, risk management policy, and probably a couple of others I'm forgetting.  Revolving line of credit - Gregg has been working the internal Enron system to get approval for a $50mm line of credit for MEH.  He has raised the issue of Peoples needing to provide a guarantee for their half.  Also, it may be necessary or advisable to document that the line of credit will be paid before any distributions are made to either member.  This is still under internal review at Enron.  I will check around to see if Corp (the lender) has a form of credit facility we should use.  Miscellaneous: Decide about services agreement Confidentiality agreements Transfer pricing documentation Other agreements (ISDA, GISB, Peaking Agency, Third Party Master) Board resolution appointing officers/managers Budget and marketing plan Other administrative functions (per Gregg's Business Setup Items list)  Hope this is helpful.  Kay 
 Hello.  The commercial team  has asked that I forward this document to you for review.  It is a development agreement for a project in Florida.  We have attempted to address the accounting/E-Next issues, but please advise of any desired changes.  Thank you,  Kay    PS  Pardon the formatting.  It will be cleaned up by those with the ability to do so. 
 Hi there.  Is the site plan approval a different document than the development order?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please calendar for me. 
 I give up.  How in the world did you jump to that crazy conclusion? 
 hey, you're on vacation.  NO WORKING 
 I think Ben's time frame is realistic. I assume we will enter into an assignment and assumption agreement with Sithe, to which GE will consent. In addition, we may need an override letter to the turbine contract to address the E-Next/accounting issues. GE is familiar with what we need in for E-Next, which should help expedite matters.  Kay 
 Steve,  Merchant Energy Ventures doesn't have auditable financials, but NorthWestern Corporation will give GE a corporate guaranty for MEV. Let me know if you run into difficulty verifying their financial status, as I'm sure we can get you something. In addition, Enron North America will have the responsibility to make the future payments to GE as these payment obligations exist as of the closing.  Kay 
 http://www.victoria-house.com/lovers.html  then browse! 
 BELIZE FISHING    Five Nights High / Low Seven Nights $2508 / $2169 Casita $3418 / $3004 $2670 / $2310 Plantation Room $3623 / $3214 $3223 / $2661 Windsor Suite $4358 / $3741  Prices are in US$ and per Couple. High Season: November 1, 2000 through May 15, 2001 Low Season: May 16, 2001 through December 15, 2001 Guided trips for mackerel, grouper and snapper. Fly-fish for tarpon and bonefish or troll for wahoo and barracuda. ? ? YOUR FISHING PACKAGE INCLUDES:  Round-trip air transfers between Belize City and San Pedro;? Transfers to and from the resort;? Overnight accommodations in a casita or deluxe room, double occupancy;? All Hotel taxes, baggage handling and gratuities;? Welcome cocktail on arrival;? Full meal plan: breakfast, lunch, dinner daily;? Three half days of flats or reef fishing - 5 night package; Four half days or flats or reef fishing - 7 night package; If you like, the Chef can prepare your catch of the day!? Rates are in U.S. Dollars per couple, double occupancy. Additional nights and/or other accommodations may be available and priced accordingly. Prices valid high season and low season only. A $200.00 per person deposit is required to make reservations. Final payment is due 45 days prior to travel. Not included are bar drinks, items of a personal nature and tips for guides. Unused package features are non-refundable. International airfare not included, but available. Inland Belize adventures may also be arranged. A valid U.S. passport is required to visit Belize.? Contact us for further details or if you wish to make a reservation.? 
 okey dokey.  I'd let Marissa mess with sending it out.  Kay 
 Hi there,  Could you please print these for me?  Thanks.  FYI: I'm going to antitrust training from 230 to 430.  Bet you are jealous.  Kay 
 Mark Haedicke approved the hiring of King & Spalding for this matter.  I will drop Mr. Derrick a voice mail, but I would faint if he objected.  John, we need to talk about the sale of the LLC, and the generation of a draft doc re same.  Please let me know if you are available today to discuss this transaction with Sr. Jacoby and me.  Additionally, it would be helpful to discuss the tolling arrangement with Ken.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I haven't heard anything from David or Scott.  Have you heard anything from Marvin or Bob?  Is there a meeting confirmed for Monday?  I'm on another conference call re landfill.  Yikes.  Kay 
 Elizabeth,  I would like to have a flat screen monitor, if possible.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Well, let's try someplace else.  What can you think of in walking distance? It is a lunch for a new lawyer in our group.  Kay 
 attachment contains overview 
 Ben,  I made a minor adjustment to the LOI re: exclusivity.    Policy states that any time we sign up to exclusivity we are supposed to get it approved by Mark Metts, Tim Detmering and the CEO of the affected business unit.  Seems a little silly in this case, but it can't hurt. (yes, I know we didn't do it with the turbine stuff)  Kay 
 You are referring to the purchase and sale agreement, right?  I'm not asking him to do anything on the LOI.  I haven't spoken to him in person.  I'll address it when we connect.  Are you available this afternoon to talk to him with me?  Kay 
 I don't believe we need Keffer's input to process the LOI.  I can have their power guy look at the term sheet if we think we are done with it. 
 FYI.  Please read. 
 I need the name of the other party involved in Ft Pierce so that John can clear conflicts. 
 Attached is a recent version of the VEPCO PPA, which is currently be revised.  Hope it is helpful.  Kay 
 I can't open the form, but I'm good for $50.  Is this something Enron can match? 
 Enron is trying to buy some GE turbines to use in projects. 
 FYI and Ken's review (no offense, John). 
 Good luck! 
 Hi Billy,  Can you take a look at this since the Hermanator is out?  Thanks,  Kay 
 As requested, here is the current draft of the Midway LOI.  The counter party has not seen this draft yet, so this is still preliminary.  I'm reviewing the term sheet re toll.     Kay 
 David,  Do you know if we are meeting on Monday?  I haven't heard the final word.  Kay 
 Kathleen,  John Keffer, Bill Parrish and Andy Schifrin need access to Midway on Deal Bench.  Can you handle this for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'll work on them over the weekend. 
 if you insist... 
 I haven't heard a word about this deal lately.  This is why I never throw anything away.  Kay 
 Very out of date, but indicative of the current structure.  Stay tuned. 
 Hmm.  Not typical.  Reorg? 
 I hear Oz will be there, too.  How fun! 
 another puzzle piece 
 much grass 
 I vote for you. 
 Any first class upgrades available? 
 Opps. 
 David,  How about 400 this afternoon? I have another call at 230, but it should be over by then.   Kay 
 I'll be there, too. 
 fyi 
 Attached are draft of more of the exhibits for discussion purposes.   See you tomorrow,  Kay 
 I believe I land in Memphis around 930 Central.  I'll try to call in if my= =20 cell works.  Kay 
 I can't find any call in info for the conference call on Monday.  I may  be reachable on 713 304 8716, or maybe someone could leave me a voice mail message at the office if there is a dial in number.  Thanks,  kay 
 Took about  8 months.  A new record. 
 I was in Clarksdale yesterday, and have a dr's appt this am, but will be glad to give you what I have.  In fact, I could use some help with the EEI if the offer is still good.  Maybe you could just talk me through it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Wilson,  We are trying to finalize this transaction by next Tuesday, and I could really use your help.  I believe you owe me a draft of an opinion letter? Also, do you have any comments to the draft agreement I sent out last week?  I also need an opinion that the language in the agreement re the Cities obligation to financially support MDEA is sufficient.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Just a reminder that I have a drs appt this am.  Nothing special, just one very overdue check up.  Kay 
 Very good.  I was in Miss yesterday and have a doctor's appt this am.  I'll call later.  Kay 
 I go back for more tests this afternoon. 
 Thanks for the info.  Rest well. 
 Is this for the escrow or other docs?  I know Citibank does not require a corporate seal.  What BS!  Kathleen is out sick, so it will be a day or two.  Kay 
 Gold Rose today? 
 Nope.  Only the new ones. 
 I can't make the call on Thursday.  I'm not sure that Sheila can either. I'll leave the go/no go Enron vote to Sheila.  Kay 
 Next time you vote for me, please copy me on the email.  Kay 
 I haven't read this yet, so it is not ready to be sent to TECO.  Just wanted to give you a look as soon as possible.  Kay 
 Sometimes John forgets that he is not a lawyer. 
 I'm available for one hour, so long as I can call in from off campus.  I'll need a new cell phone battery first!  My old one finally died a tragic death.  Kay 
 FYI.  As I'm sure you've figured out, this is VEPCO. 
 Maybe I'm wrong, but I don't think we've done that on the other two deals. Kathleen would know. 
 For something that doesn't matter, it seems to matter.  I wonder how well the auto approval works when you are backdating something? 
 How much involvement has A & K had on Midway?  I have other counsel engaged for the sale, but this falls into a different category.  Kay 
 Ben,  If Christi has reviewed an interconnect agreement, I ususally don't have outside counsel review it unless there is a specific reason. She's the queen of interconnects.  I suppose that after I review it, next stop is Finance/Accounting.  Carlos has given me a couple of comments.  Kay 
 Please advise which comments you are willing to accept (skipping the nits and legal stuff).  One response from the group, please!  Kay 
 It is Father's Day and we will do what you want. If you want to go there, that's great.  I'm happy to tell Tom, his wife and all the world that what we do that weekend is 100% up to you.  It sounds like he has the impression that I'm the hold up.  Kay 
 Got it 
 Wilson,  We are running short on time.  We are planning to sign on  Tuesday, and I hesitate to put a new document in front of them at this late date. Would it be easier to work with reps/warranties?  I definitely need an answer from your firm confirming (1) enforceability  (2) obligation of the Cities to financially support agreement.  Also, could you provide me with the Mississippi law defn of consequential damages and a couple of examples where Enron could be responsible for same under this agreement?  Also, can MDEA and the Cities be liableto Enron for consequentials (absent a waiver)?  Your comments to the previously forwarded draft would be greatly appreciated.  Kay 
 Yes,which is what prompted my email this am. I'm looking for a way to simplify the process since closing is less than a week away.  I'm in 825-925; 1000-1230 today.  Kay 
 Hi Ken,  I have two tickets available for Saturday night if you still want them, at $25/each.  Just email me back, and I'll bring the tickets tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please print two copies.  On the stuff you had copied for me, please have the copy sent to John Keffer at King & Spalding.  I'll keep the originals.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I should have sent this to you.  Sorry.  Might save time if you got financials from Mike re: NorthWestern Corp.  Kay 
 fyi. =20 
 Amazing that they stayed afloat.  50 year history probably helped that happen.  Kinda sad, though.  I liked those guys. 
 I received a fax in yesterday, so I'll review it.  Kay 
 Billy,  It is expected that by the time the hard costs referenced in #2 are incurred, the project will be in E Next (or its successor/take out vehicle) since construction will be nearly complete.  Costs incurred in #3 should be Phase 2 E Next costs, since this should be in the construction period, although it could be immediately prior to that time.  Lisa, I skipped Rose on this email since she is out of town, and reviewed this agreement before she left.   Kay 
 yes  Cant miss those boxes! 
 Awaiting test results.  You know how that goes.  I give you details later.  I may go; I'll let you know. 
 Figures. 
 No, he thinks he is God's gift to contracts. 
 For your review. 
 Sounds good to me.  I'm in EB 3850. 
 Neil,  I thought you were going to tell her to just answer that he gets nothing at school.  She has no independent information on the rest and shouldn't worry about providing that info to them. 
 Sounds like it, but it is in southern Florida. 
 I didn't think you were being difficult. 
 fyi.  One of AE's. 
 GE wants a letter outlining the structure of the deal (at the 10000 ft level), who owns which companies, and who has payment obligations to them. Could you draft a letter to that effect for my review?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Attached is the master gas agreement, ready for  Clarksdale's review.  We haven't had any feedback from Yazoo City.  When can we expect their feedback?  Thanks,  Kay 
 6 months goes by quickly. 
 How polite. 
 Life being what it is, I've received a mark up of the tolling term sheet, which crossed in the mail with the mark up you sent.  Kay 
 Looks fine to me.  Will you accept the changes and send out?  I would like to receive a  bcc of whatever goes out, if possible.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi guys,  I want to make sure that you are comfortable with whatever services are being provided by Piper Rudnick, so that there won't be any surprises when the bill comes in.  Could you give me a brief outline of their scope?  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Lloyd is a good guy.  He is head of the Services Group.  He probably does other things as well, but that's how I know him.  I can send it to Lloyd if you want.  Kay 
 TECO tolling, with my comments: 
 Could I get a copy of the revised LOI which was sent to TECO?  I want to update my electronic file.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Greg and Ben,  So is it about time to get Lisa, Herman and Rose involved in the PAD stuff?  Kay 
 Never stayed there.  My current favorite is the Omni, which is in one of may favorite locations. It has a little deli like shop across the street, where I can buy reasonably priced bagels, cokes, etc.  Last year I also stayed at the Marriott Marquis (BIG, right on Times Square) and the Mark (too snooty).  I stayed two other places I didn't like, but the names escape me.  I've seen some other smaller hotels which look nice, and if I check a map I might remember the names.  Kay 
 Don't know how I missed this.  Must have put it in my Midway file without looking.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I've answered all their questions, and have suggested to Chris that he ask NorthWestern for audited financials.  Marissa is preparing a letter which briefly outlines the deal, since GE had requested a letter identifying the parties, the payment obligations, etc.  I've given them all this information previously in phone calls and by email, but I think they want something official looking.  Probably be a good idea for you to sign the letter.  I don't think they will trade payment for a consent, but I could be wrong. It just isn't enough money, and GE isn't strapped for cash anyway.  I'd want to be careful that we don't trip up on E - Next obligations.  Kay 
 When you ask a question you usually have heard a rumor.  What did you hear? 
 Don't know if I'll participate, but please put on calendar anyway. 
 Here's the Risk Management Policy Gregg has been working on for MEH.  Jeff, I don't know if you have seen this, so I thought I would float it by you.  David, I'm sending it to you so that you can comment about any concerns you might have relating to the LLC agreement.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Would you read that to mean the authority to buy power "as agent for" the Cities?  Seems not entirely clear but not entirely out of the question.  Kay 
 I'm working through the "agent for" issue, and thought I would share the info.  I've asked our local counsel for  a bit more direct answer (ie, his opinion).  Kay 
 As I understand it, if the option is exercised (and the property bought) prior to the time the LLC is owned by ENext, there is a balance sheet impact. 
 Why would you ask a question out of the blue? 
 Harlan Murphy started last week.  Nice guy from Dynegy. 
 Put the land on the balance sheet is a forgiveable sin.  Incurring any other type of  hard costs puts the entire project (whatever that may be) on the balance sheet.  Kay 
 I think asking David the question is a good idea.  Kay 
 Correct.  If all we were doing was buying the property, you wouldn't have the timing restriction.  You lose one layer of optionality. 
 I'm no oracle, but there would be no current balance sheet impact. 
 Sheila,  For your information.  ckm 
 David,  Is it possible for MDEA to purchase power from EPMI as an agent for the Cities?  This will obviate the need for any type of security.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Whatcha think? 
 Hi Gerry,  I don't remember anyone signing a notice of lien in Arizona.  I remember seeing a bunch of lien notices, since they have to send a notice even if payment isn't due yet.  I always thought that was strange, and sure created clutter.  I can't remember if there was any requirement that we sign.  Does Dewey remember?  If you didn't sign and Dewey didn't sign, that doesn't leave many folks who would have done so.  I guess they could have changed the laws, though.   Sorry I'm not more help.  I've forgotten more than I've remembered.  If you are near town this evening, we are celebrating Paige's 21st birthday at Keneally's, staring around 7.  I'll buy.  I can't  believe she is 21. Very disruptive of my self-perception.  Ciao,  Kay 
 please calendar. 
 I have a phone number on a post it note on my cabinet, just to the right of where my computer would be if I was there.  It is a lawyers name (which of course I can't remember), male, with a 212 or 202 phone number.  It may be David something or other.  Could you email me that name and number?  Do you know if there is a way for me to save my emails that I have in folders?  Bet the weather is better than this in San Fran.  Kay 
 There's nothing special here.  Just cloudy.  I took Roscoe in to get neutered.  Neil just couldn't handle it.  Men are so funny like that.  Now I'm going to run some errands.  I hope the weather gets better for this evening.  They are still covering the weather 100% on the tv, and it looks like it is getting better.  Still more of a deal south of here.  Kay 
 Since I'm "off" today and Friday, and scheduled to be in Fla on Monday, AND without you, I'm not in much better shape.  You know I've kept all my files on email.  I was hoping there would be a way to move them to a Word file of something.  Otherwise, I guess I'm going to have to ask you to start printing - highly inefficient.  I can't do it here, though.  Kay 
 Shepherd, near San Felipe.  Very close to Peggy's house. Peggy should be there, also. 
 Good news. 
 Gregg,  330ish looks good for both David and me.  If you would like to call me, we can conference in David.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Huh? 
 Being revised currently, but lays out the deal: 
 Sorry to ask, but when do you expect to have a draft of the GE letter?  I need to manage Ben's expectations.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you PLEASE PLEASE call David Marshall and get his email?  I'm on endless conference calls and need to contact him about a matter.  Thanks,  Kay  PS, not a vacation day 
 Keneally's,   We'll be there by 630. 
 It is Paige's 21st today (YIKES)  I'll be back Monday 
 No news today.  I don't want to know today, as I'm drinking champagne and ignoring the issue, 
 6. Default By DBEC. Should DBEC default on the payment obligations contained herein,  it shall be liable for interest on the amount outstanding at a rate of one and one/half percent  per month or each portion thereof.  Should the City of Deerfield Beech obtain enforcement of the payment obligations contained herein through judicial action, then, in that event, the City of Deerfield Beech shall be reimbursed by the DBEC for all costs and attorneys fees including the costs of any appeals. 7.  Default By the City of Deerfield Beech.  Should the City of Deerfield Beech default on the obligations contained herein, and DBEC obtain enforcement of any rights or obligations set forth herein through  judicial action, then, in that event, DBEC shall be reimbursed by the City of Deerfield Beech for all costs and attorneys fees including the costs of any appeals. 
 Works for me.  We are leaving to check in to the hotel, then back.  I had to cancel manicure/pedicure ( and charged for it)  A hint that a gift certificate for same would work might be appropriate. 
 Plse  have fax delivered home.  Today is the day.  I have been a mom for 21 years.  Can't be true.  Still on conference call.  Ben has been very nice. 
 fyi 
 At the very least, the cancellation charges are theirs. 
 Gorman's will be picking up/delivering on Tues/Fri.  They had Mon/Thurs available, but Monday am is too hard to remember.  Besides, Delmis may be able to bring our clothes in on Tuesdays, and I'm generally home early on Friday.  Our driver's name is David.  His cell phone is 713 545 4186.  We can call him if we ever need pick up/delivery on a different day.  He will leave us a sack today.  How's that for cool?  Kay 
 Please compare this new document:    to this old draft, and create a redline:     Thanks,  Kay 
 Both are in VEPCO, names under the Word icon on the email.  I'll try to remember next time. 
 Here's the most recent version of the document formerly known as the PPA:    Kay 
 Stan,  Could you please me send me the electronic file of the executed EPC contracts, including the consolidation agreement?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I got my hair cut - it feels so good to get it cut.  I'm planning on going as scheduled.  Do lots of people go to this? 
 What was I thinking?????? 
 Sounds good.  I'm on a conference call that won't end.  I received your fax and will try to call you this afternoon. 
 Hi Mike,  Sorry I missed you when you returned by call this am.  I have some concerns about the voice mail you left re: assignment language. Enron can't stay on the hook for payment if the agreement is assigned, as this would bust the financing/accounting arrangement.  What we have tried to do to meet your concerns is to see that ABB has a contract with a party which is as financially sound as Enron by adding the guaranty language.  This addresses ABB's request that the party with the payment obligation have the "financial wherewithall" to make the payments. This is a big change from where we were in the last contract.  I've had a request to get an approximate storage cost (monthly) for budgetary purposes.  This is in connection with the buy back arrangement.  Can you give me a guesstimate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Allyson,  Will the certification of necessity be specific to ENA?  I ask this because I suspect that at some point we will want a special purpose company to be involved.  This provides us with the option of selling the equity of the entity developing the project.  Your advise is appreciated.  Kay 
 Damn.  How do I find out what it is if I deleted the STUPID email? 
 When do you leave next week?  Kay 
 fyi 
 Do I have original, initialled documents to which I can add the signature pages?  You may have given this to me already...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's the clean version (no redline) of the most recent draft of the PPA.  I have no idea what happened with the redline, but I'll try to get a decent one done. 
 What can I say?  Here's the tubine torture possibilities as they exist at this point in time. 
 I am attaching a redline of a revised version of the document formerly known as the PPA.  This is compared against the August 7 draft.  I am sending it without anyone else reading it (a gutsy and foolhardy move), so it is subject to further Enron review.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This is HILARIOUS!  And so true.  We are doing fine here in the sauna, despite the heat and horrible pollution.  No big news to report, which is good.  Hope all is well with your bunch.  Give Lou a howdy and a hug for me.  Kay 
 Please email the signature version of both documents.  Thank you,  Kay 
 From Bev.  Pretty good stuff. 
 Hi Dutch,  My email did not go through to Jeff or John.  Could you please forward it to them for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I  may be on the road tomorrow (won't know until later), so something early afternoon Friday would be best for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 In speaking with Allyson, she believes we need to have the responses the Public Staff's data request no later than sometime next week.  The Staff wants to have a meeting or conference call to discuss our responses during the week of August 28th.  Therefore, Allyson suggests that we have a call this week to discuss how and when we will pull this information together. Sounds like a good idea.  Please let me know when you are available for the call this week.  I suspect it will take between 30-45 minutes.  Also, please let me know if you have NOT received a copy of the data request, as these should have arrived via company mail.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there, ? When I was at Monday's Astros' game, I thought I heard them say that Enron is sponsoring some type of kid's book drive at next Sunday's game.? I have quite a few gently used kids books I am looking to give away, so I was wondering if I could do it in connection with that program.? I will not be at the game Sunday, and I didn't locate a reference to the program on your website. ? Is there a way for me to donate kids books for whatever program Enron is sponsoring, without going to the game? ? Many thanks! ? Kay Mann 
 Hooray.  If I'm paid up with Hays McConn through the month, I'll continue with it until the end of August.  If we  move Michael to public school and save a $100  on parking, things may start to add up!!!  We could pay for a nice little trip somewhere.... 
 Will you be in Friday?  If so, could you help me remember to pick up my parking card.  I FINALLY got a slot at the Met.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm flying to somewhere (probably DC) tonight, returning on Friday.  Ozzie is making the travel arrangements, so you don't need to do anything.  I'll let you know what else I find out.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Jim,  Per Gregg's request, I am forwarding ABB's wiring instructions.  Please let me know if you need anything else.  Kay 
 Virginia Power has raised a question about wanting some type of guaranty or other form of performance security should an Enron LLC sign the contract. What can we propose (or exclude) under the contemplated structure?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Attached for your information/review is the latest draft of the VEPCO contract.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm headed to Virginia tonight, and should be back Friday am.  Could we push back the conference call to the afternoon?  Heather will have the same travel schedule.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'll keep in touch! 
 My copy printed completely.  Let me see what's up. 
 Thanks for the input.  I'll see what we can figure out. 
 fyi 
 appt is at 430.  i wanted to leave at 345 
 suzanne,  Please resend the August 15 redline to the Virginia Power people on the list I gave you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 You know how Remote Control!!!!!!!  How fun!!! 
 John,  The price includes shipment to the site and installation, but not connection. Therefore, there is no additional freight charge.  Kay 
 fyi 
 NEPCO's position sounds more typical for a cost plus contract.  Is this a lump sum deal? If so, then I think NEPCO is taking an aggressive approach to both LOL and retention.  A 10% limit of liability during the warranty period is particularly aggressive, unless there are a lot of carve outs to the limit of liability, and other give-and-takes which make it make sense. Another factor which might make a difference is the treatment given to the GE contract.  Is NEPCO taking risk on GE performance, and is the dollar value of the GE equipment included in the price used to figure the % of liability?  I'm glad to discuss this if I can be of help.  Kay 
 Kathy,  Could you please accommodate Karen's request?  If you would like, you can just send it to me and I will get it to her.  If you have delivered my original to me I can make make her a copy.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I can send you what I have on the WestLB stuff, but it may not help too much if you are trying to figure out how to get turbines into a project.  We are currently working on the mechanics relating to that.  It may take a while to get a copy, as I don't have an electronic version and I'm currently in meetings where I'm using my hard copy.  How soon do you need it?  Kay 
 I don't know if he has the financing docs. 
 Hi Mike,  In a meeting Friday afternoon with Ben Jacoby, he mentioned that he didnt want the change order signed quite yet. I suspect he wants to review it before it is signed, and he's on vacation this week.  Kay 
 Kathy,  I believe Ben needs to initial the change order, and he's on vacation this week.  Kay 
 Address:=20 335 Piney Point Road=20 Houston, TX 77024 Phone:=20 (713) 782-0481 Principal:=20 Dr. Annette Smith=20 Location:=20 Suburban Grade Levels:=20 PreK-8 Enrollment:=20 704 Student Characteristics:=20    Caucasian: 91.0% African-American: 1.0% Hispanic: 5.0% Asian: 3.0% American Indian: 0.0% Other: 0.0% ? ? Mobility Rate: 1.5% Limited English: 1.0% Low Income: 0.0% Special Education: 0.0% =09St. Francis Episcopal Day School in Houston, Texas was founded in 1952 i= n=20 response to the needs of the St. Francis Episcopal Church and the surroundi= ng=20 neighborhood. Currently, the school serves students from the age of three= =20 through the eighth grade. St. Francis is accredited by both the Independent= =20 Schools Association of the Southwest and the Southwestern Association of=20 Episcopal Schools and is a member of the National Association of Independen= t=20 Schools. Our mission is supported through the efforts of our Board of=20 Trustees, Head of School, school leadership team, faculty, staff, parents,= =20 student body, and friends of St. Francis.=20 =09The school's mission statement is: "In the Anglican tradition, St. Franc= is=20 Episcopal Day School challenges motivated students in an academically and= =20 spiritually stimulating environment to become imaginative, critical thinker= s,=20 and people for others." =09Our curriculum is the result of intense work by the talented educators a= t St.=20 Francis. We are dedicated to providing a well-rounded, value-centered progr= am=20 that balances stimulating academics with experiences that broaden students'= =20 knowledge of themselves and today's world.=20 =09The Early Childhood division is organized in learning centers that inclu= de=20 activities with challenging materials and experiences. The classroom become= s=20 a laboratory where children can explore and experiment. The enrichment=20 program in early childhood includes experiences with music, motor=20 development, Spanish, and technology. Our full day kindergarten program=20 allows children and teachers to explore topics thoroughly. They begin the= =20 nationally recognized Everyday Mathematics, a program rich in problem solvi= ng=20 activities.=20 =09The lower school curriculum provides young learners with a carefully pla= nned,=20 sequential course of study that includes Reader's and Writer's Workshop,=20 Everyday Mathematics, "hands-on" science, and integrated social studies.=20 Specialists teach art, music, physical education, and Spanish. Small class= =20 sizes contribute to the success of each child. =09The Middle School seeks to celebrate the uniqueness of early adolescence= .=20 After completing three years in middle school, students can anticipate bein= g=20 admitted to quality high school programs, both public and private, and enjo= y=20 the confidence that develops from proper preparation - academically,=20 socially, and morally. By the end of their eighth grade year, students will= =20 have had the opportunity to receive high school credit for Algebra I,=20 physical science, and Spanish I. =09Through conferences, professional organizations, workshops, graduate stu= dies,=20 book clubs, and extensive travel, the men and women who teach at St. Franci= s=20 know the current research on how children best learn and use this knowledge= =20 in the classroom. The tradition of an Anglican education coupled with an=20 energetic expert staff makes magic happen both within the classroom and=20 throughout our campus. =09St. Francis is committed to providing students with an up-to-date techno= logy=20 enhanced educational experience. We currently have six staff members=20 supporting technology and one staff member leading curriculum development o= n=20 our campus. Our faculty presented a workshop on using technology in the=20 classroom at the prestigious Association for Supervision and Curriculum=20 Development 1997-1998 Conference. Technology at St. Francis is a tool going= =20 beyond computer literacy by incorporating lessons using technological suppo= rt=20 in every subject for every student. Students are active participants in=20 searching for knowledge using the Internet, print, and other electronic=20 sources. They learn to retrieve and use information to complete projects an= d=20 assignments. Each classroom is Internet ready. Along with access to grade= =20 level mini-labs and classroom computers, students have the use of two=20 high-level multimedia labs containing scanners, digital cameras, video=20 capabilities, and color laser printers. Teachers and students use technolog= y=20 as a problem solving, communication, and research tool to enhance an alread= y=20 rich learning experience. Students use real world technology to present the= ir=20 information to a wide audience. =09St. Francis offers many exciting opportunities for students to involve= =20 themselves in the fine arts. Through the music, drama, and art programs, ou= r=20 students learn the values of discipline, perseverance, and commitment, and= =20 the joy of performing in front of a live audience. With strings, choir, ban= d,=20 drama club, and studio art, students have opportunities to explore their ow= n=20 creativity and interests while being trained by talented artists and=20 musicians.=20 =09Along with art in classroom instruction and after school clubs, St. Fran= cis=20 is extremely proud to offer our students Art a la Carte. This innovative=20 program enhances the art and social studies curriculum by bringing teams of= =20 trained volunteers into the classroom to help the students learn to=20 appreciate great art. Costumes, props, food, and other enhancements are=20 frequently part of the lessons at all grade levels. This integration of art= =20 production and art history makes our art program truly unique! =09Being an athlete at St. Francis Episcopal Day School and playing for the= =20 Wolves are privileges and honors that carry many responsibilities. Middle= =20 school students may sign up for three sports a year, one each in the fall,= =20 winter and spring. They may choose football, cross-country, field hockey,= =20 volleyball, wrestling, soccer, basketball, softball and track. Sixth grader= s=20 do not participate in football. Coaches stress the importance of teamwork,= =20 peer relationships, cooperation, discipline, and a healthy body.=20 =09The Classroom of the Earth is an extraordinary program that extends the= =20 classroom walls and allows the students to apply learning in a natural=20 setting. Starting with the beginner class, it combines curriculum study wit= h=20 outdoor awareness and provides the ultimate in critical thinking=20 opportunities and application of problem solving strategies. The program=20 culminates with an eighth grade trip to Bandelier National Monument near=20 Santa Fe, New Mexico. While there, students visit Tsankawi ruins, study the= =20 Anasazi culture, and document their trip with lively updates and pictures o= n=20 our website. St. Francis alumni often report that some of their fondest=20 memories are of COE trips. Classroom of the Earth trips are lead by faculty= =20 members and teachers trained through both the National Outdoor Leadership= =20 School and the Wilderness First Responder Course. =09St. Francis is proud of its rich religious traditions including the Feas= t of=20 St. Francis, the Blessing of the Animals, celebration of the church seasons= ,=20 Episcopal School Sunday, and birthday blessings. Students worship together= =20 twice weekly. Third through eighth graders join together monthly to celebra= te=20 the Holy Eucharist. Students participate in chapel by reading prayers and= =20 scripture and serving as acolytes and crucifers. The chaplain of the school= =20 organizes the worship services. He is available to school families as a=20 pastor and friend. We invite parents, friends and relatives to worship with= =20 us at any of our services. Religious education is an integral part of the= =20 curriculum from age three through eighth grade. Through study, discussion,= =20 and experiences, students internalize values and develop character to live = a=20 godly life and be of service to others. =09St. Francis is committed to outreach and service. It is our goal that ea= ch=20 student understands that he or she has something unique and special to offe= r=20 to the world. By teaching our students to be people for others, they leave= =20 our school with a deeper understanding of community and the concept of givi= ng=20 of themselves. Together, St. Francis Episcopal Day School, St. Francis=20 Episcopal Church, the St. Francis Children's Center, and the St. Francis=20 Sports Association commit to nurturing the spiritual, educational, emotiona= l=20 and physical development of all God's people. These four entities form the= =20 St. Francis Community, a unique gathering of energy, individuals and ideals= .=20   1998=01)1999 Blue Ribbon Elementary Schools 
 Here it is:    Please let me know if you have any problems with this document.  Kay 
 HELP!  What's my R/C number?    Is it 00406373?  Does that look like an RC?  We need to get an invoice from the travel agency Heather and Ozzie used for my flights last week.  I know the travel agent's name is Julie, but I don't know the details.  The agency is something like Vitol.  I suspect Claudette can give you the telephone number, etc.  I would have gotten a receipt from Continental, but the E ticket machine wasn't working.  I have the rest of the receipts. 
 I'm still not wild about 27.5, which says they have no liability for any advice they give us which is not required by the agreement.  It seems that we could get into an argument about causation of a problem, and what was in/out of their scope under the agreement.  I don't know that I have any brilliant ideas about how to narrow this carve out. I guess we could say no liability so long as the advice is clearly outside the scope of work, and is given in good faith and in accordance with industry standards. 
 Just to catch you up a bit... 
 27.5 Separate Advice or Assistance.  If Seller furnishes Purchaser with=20 advice or assistance which is clearly not required by this Agreement, Selle= r=20 shall not be subject to any liability whether in contract, warranty, tort= =20 (including negligence or strict liability without regard to fault), indemni= ty=20 or otherwise in connection with Seller=01,s provision of such out of scope = of=20 service advice or assistance, so long as such advice or assistance is given= =20 in good faith and in accordance with industry standards. 
 Hi Rob,  I think we would prefer if you would route the document back this way, and Sheila or I will send it to the folks at GE.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Could you please go through the option agreement I have in my directory on O.  It is under Option Agreements, and it is the only document there.  It should be called Fehr land option, or something similiar.  Please go search and make Optionor plural throughout, and make the grammar match.  I started making the changes, but got distracted from the task. Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm scheduled to be here.  Tomorrow and Wednesday are pretty bad, but Thursday and Friday are wide open.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Karen,  Please forward the revisions once you get them.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 John,  The executed signature page has been faxed per your instructions.  Kay 
 I'm going to miss you really badly. Are you sure you want to go to the cool air, unwind, sip wine and eat delicious food?  And miss all this??????? 
 I shouldn't have looked at that when I'm so hungry.  What an incredible menu - and in a relatively small town.  You better take a wad of fatburners!!! 
 Just being out of this nasty smog will be great.  Plus, I bet it is nice there when the sun goes down.  What a great time of year to make that trip.  Can you hear my heavy sighs?  It is time for me to plan something fun, even a short trip.  Planning and looking forward to it is 1/2 the fun. 
 Here's where we stayed on our honeymoon  www.whalewatchinn.com 
 http://www.whalewatchinn.com/ 
 I have an extra I can send you today.  Kay 
 Thursday afternoon would be best for me.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Just a reminder to send me the description you gave the school. 
 Hi Brian,  What a great surprise!  Life is pretty good.  To see a summary, you might want to check out Paige's website: http://www.southwestern.edu/~recordp/  (I tried to copy that as a link, but I think I messed up.)  I guess Peggy told you (or you figured out from my email address) that I'm working at Enron. I like it.  I enjoy being back downtown after being a suburban lawyer.  Home life is relatively calm, which has always been a goal of mine.  I'm dealing with my folks getting older, with the health problems which come with that process.  Overall, I'm very blessed and happy.  How about you?  If you are spending time at HM, you must still be doing the law thing. I might have lost a bet on that one.  So how's your life?  Paige completed her minor in German.  Consider it a Wunder legacy!  Her brother, Michael is a real charmer.  You would get a huge kick out of him.  Thanks so much for writing.  I can't wait to hear what is going on with you.  Kay 
 Hi Guys,  Is the 501D in storage?  If not, when will it be delivered?  I'm asking in connection with information to be provided in the CPCN process.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Jeff:  Here's a draft for your review:    I suggest that the payment terms for the offshore contract require the intial payment to be made within 7 business days of execution.  That way, we can sign this up next week.  Kay 
 Could we benefit from an internal meeting prior to the call?  Kay 
 We are at the MOU stage.  Need to keep off the balance sheet duly noted and emphasized in a commercial meeting last Friday.  Commercial leads at ENA and Global Finance are out this week, so no progress at the moment.  The information I was given is that we want to get it done by the end of September.  How does this sound?  Kay  PS  Also includes 2 transformers. 
 Heather,  Did you want to send this?  Anything else you want to add? 
 LM's # 1-6, 19-20, plus a couple of ABB transformers. 
 Bill,  I'm attaching an electronic copy of the letter we sent to Westinghouse.  If you email me your fax number, I'll fax you their response.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there,  Paige is still here.  I think she may leave tomorrow.  Have you ever visited her website?  Here's a link: http://www.southwestern.edu/~recordp/  You might trying clicking on the link to see if it takes you directly to her web page.  She will have the same email address again this year.  I suspect she will have the same mailing address as well, since it is a box number.  Michael slept well this weekend.  He had a great birthday.  He takes his dinosaur everywhere.  It is so funny, because the button gets pushed accidently when it is being hauled around, so it is constantly growling.  We saw a few drops of rain, but nothing to help the water bill.  The smog is horrible.  I'm in town all week this week, which is nice.  Neil and I have a birthday party to go to for our neighbor Donnie (he was at the party) on Friday, so Michael will spend some time with Charlotte again. She should be off of most of her restrictions tomorrow, so maybe he will get to see her more.  We went to the Astros game last night, and they actually won.  Sammy Sosa hit a home run harder than any I've seen before.  Even some of the Astros fans clapped at the sheer force of it.  The pitcher said he watched it, just because he had never seen such an awesome hit.  Too bad about the heat, but what the heck can you do about it anyway?  Love,  Kay 
 Just a reminder about tomorrow's call.  Enron participants, we will have a conference room on the 38th floor of EB available.  Kay 
 If it didn't come up when you put your cursor on it and click, then you'll have to type in the address in address space when you are on the internet. Or, you can search Paige Record Southwestern University on the web and find it.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 In an effort to pull the pieces together, a meeting has been scheduled to discuss the draft energy and capacity contract (formerly the PPA).  It is scheduled for Thursday, August 24th, at 900am.  We are still in the process of locating a conference room, so the location is TBD.  Thanks,  Kay  Here are the most recent comments from VEPCO:    Some of you may have received this already.  I have not compared it against what we last sent them. 
 Gentlemen:  I have been advised by J. Nassos that Peoples (through WestLB) will be exercising the ABB option today. I have asked that they send me a copy of the notice of exercise of option, and I left Mike Sandridge a voice mail telling him to expect it this afternoon.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Kay 
 Please make sure Sheila has the host code. thanks 
 yes 
 Sheila said her assistant arranged for one.  Could you check? 
 At least drinks and coffee. Thanks for thinking of it. 
 Hi, my name is Kay, and I'm a Diet Coke addict. 
 Suzanne,  I left the response (which is a letter from Siemens Westinghouse) on the part of my desk which is next to the window.  I MAY have put it in a file folder labeled "Westinghouse".  The letter references a letter we sent to them in the first line.  Please find the letter and fax to Bill.  Thanks a bunch. 
 It would be very helpful if you could participate, or have your designee participate.  Sorry for  the short notice (what else is new). Perhaps we can also arrange a discussion about the interconnection agreement.  I'm out this am, but will pick up voice mail.  Thanks,  Kay  PS  I can't wait to hear about St. Lucia. 
 fyi 
 I assume that this is in lieu of the meeting we had scheduled for tomorrow afternoon?  Just want to make sure...  Kay 
 I've scheduled the conference room for 2 hours.  We are also looking at Friday am.  Is Friday better for you guys?  Kay 
 Jeff,  I'll focus on the consolidation agreement today.  It seems to me that the time GE has to remit the payment to ENA should remain  3 days.  I don't see a reason to stretch it to  7 days, since it represents a double payment.  Your thoughts?  Looks like the tax issues are completed.  Kay 
 There's a meeting with a cast of characters to discuss the Westinhouse warranty issues.  It is tomorrow (Thurs) at 1230.  Do you have any interest in sitting in?  Kay 
 What did Heather tell you? 
 Couldn't tell if you saw this... 
 Sounds good so far. 
 This replaces the meeting scheduled for 400 tomorrow. 
 I have a heavy meeting/conference call schedule.  To be honest with you, I'm a bit unclear on who is doing what with this.  Any advice/insight?  Kay 
 The room is 3AC5C1, according to this email.  I didn't check to see what it was before. 
 jeffrey keenan 
 CR [aka conference room] 5C1.  I know they are in the Allen Center.  I'm just damn smart, that's all. 
 You are a BIG HELP. 
 Team Vitro:  I wanted to run these changes by you before sending them to Jeff Smith.  Jeff S. has lobbied for deleting the language on assignment, and state that assignment of the consolidation agreement will be subject to the same terms, etc. as the other 2 contracts.  He also provide alternative language which appears to be close to what was in the previous draft. Since I didn't know the genesis of the language in the consolidation agreement, so I thought I would check with you first.  I eliminated 5 (a) because the contracts allow for partial termination. 
 Not finished yet. 
 Looks like Thursday at 300pm is working out for most people to meet to discuss the VEPCO PPA. The meeting will be held in EB38C1.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Kay 
 Yikes.  Would you have just 30 minutes sometime during the afternoon tomorrow?  I really struck out with everyone else for Friday.  Otherwise, I'll be glad to schedule a meeting on Friday (in addition to this one tomorrow) to review the structure with the various players.  You pick a time (the earlier being better for me).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here is the latest version.  Our meeting is scheduled for tomorrow at 300 in EB38C1.  Kay 
 Here 'tis, and I'm a yes. 
 I'm going to visit with the Hermanator briefly tomorrow.  Would you like to join me?  Kay 
 Done!  See you then.  I've asked Heather and Jeffrey Keenan to join me.  Kay 
 FYI. 
 I hope to go, at least Friday/Saturday, assuming we have a sitter for Michael, of course.  I met Mrs. Kerekgarto yesterday.  Chris Duerr (duerrc@spring-branch.isd.tenet.edu/).  Maybe you should ask to visit which ever classroom Chris thinks Michael would  be in assuming he started at VO on September 5.  Just a suggestion.  Or maybe you can visit more than one class.  You might want to ask to visit a class during an academic time (as opposed to when the kids are in centers). 
 Here is a rough draft of the Fehr option.  Herman, you will be happy to know that this one is much shorter.  It needs some clean up, but this should be enough to get comments going.   Kay 
 This time I'll include the attachment.  It must be Monday.    Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Just a reminder that until the finance arrangements are fixed and the rules are clear, Enron can't incur any hard costs related to the Virginia Power deal.  This means Enron can't obligate itself to purchase any equipment or materials, or enter into any services agreements except for studies, etc.  I will try to get some clarification on what can be done at this point, and will pass it along as soon as possible.  Kay 
 Hi Jo,  I left you a voice mail, but being an email addict I thought I would send you a note as well.  Our son, Michael is in a Montessori kindergarten, which we have decided may not be most suitable for him.  We discussed it with Vivian Shudde, and she suggested that I give you a call about the Grace School.  My husband and I would like to visit Grace.  We are wondering if it might be possible to visit tomorrow.  Please let me know what you think.  Thanks,  Kay Mann 
 Don't forget the progress report.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi John,  Looks like it is worthwhile to finish up what you were working on before.  Thanks,  Kay 
 yes. 
 Jo,  We had some unexpected complications with scheduling today.  We'll have to reschedule.  Thanks for such a prompt reply.  Kay 
 He's doing great today.  He's here with me.  He just attended a meeting with Ozzier, Heather, Herman and Sheila. 
 Sounds good.  Early in the week is better for me. 
 Here's a suggestion for the equipment question:   ENA and its affiliates have contractual rights to numerous turbines, several of which can satisfy the technical and scheduling requirements of this project, and some of which are already manufactured.  In the case of turbines still in the manufacturing process, ENA has firm commitments for delivery, backed by liquidated damages clauses and other financial incentives. 
 Hope this helps.      FYI, if you are doing the deal with EECC or NEPCO, I would just as soon them not see these docs. 
 Hello again,  If these contracts are going to be assigned immediately to Mitsui, isn't the issue of a guaranty a Mitsui issue? Is this addressed in the EPC contracts?  If an Enron entity must give a guaranty, I would think we would want ENA to give it, to be replaced by a Mitsui guaranty unless we have some safeguard against the possibility of paying Mitsui and Mitsui not paying GE, so that we would have to pay twice.  Kay 
 Here are my comments to the draft response:  4.  I'm a bit troubled by the first sentence, since I really don't know what may have been on the drawing board earlier.  Maybe someone else can vouch for this statement. Otherwise, I suggest deleting it.  17.  The reference to NC Power utilizing the plant should be Applicant (third sentence).  18.  I would change the second sentence to begin "It is intended that the plant will be designed, constructed and operated...."  Kay 
 Hi there,  We've had about 15 minutes of rain, I think.  Just enough to keep the mosquitos happy!  Kay 
 That would be great.  Kay Mann 29 Inverness Park Way Houston 77055  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Dina,  Do we have a CA with Teska Associates?  Thanks,  Kay 
 One more CA question.  Pollina Corporate Real Estate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I believe this draft reflects Herman's comments:    Kay 
 I'll check on the geotech.  What is involved in the site development plan?  Don't give up! There may be a way to get this done.  Kay 
 Hi Gerry,  Enron is a great place for an engineer to work in a non-technical position. In fact, I work with reformed engineers daily, in various capacities.  Enron has an analyst program for college graduates, where the analysts go through six month rotations in various parts of the business. In addition, there is a good job search feature on Enron's website.  If you see something that looks promising, I'll check things out around here to see if I can get the inside scoop.  FYI, Enron North America, Enron Broadband, and Enron Energy Services are good choices.  ENA is the old Enron Capital & Trade, so it is the real heart of Enron (yes, it is where I now work).  Enron is also focusing on industrial development (paper, steel, and who knows what else). I don't suggest EECC.  Hope to see you soon,  Kay 
 I'm hearing rumblings about the need to perform various preliminary tasks (survey work, etc.).  I've given the admonition to avoid incurring hard costs until the financing/accounting treatment has come together.  That lead to the question of what is a hard cost.  I know construction/equipment obligations are problems, studies generally ok.  This leads me to the conclusion that a geotechnical survey would be ok.  Am I safe here?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Karen,  Both Lisa Bills and Rose Engeldorf are out of town this week, which means we don't have all the players from Global Finance available.  Humberto (can't remember how to spell his last name) from Global Finance/ENA may be available, and he has participated in similar discussions on two other projects.  At some point he will need to be involved.  The time is fine with me.  Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  This should do it. 
 Hi Matt,  ENA is selling some of the LM6000's to ESA.  Will you be the ENA Tax Man on the deal?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Back at cha! 
 Reagan,  Just to clarify, we intend to assign the land option to Rocky Mount, they buy it and lease the land to us once they own it/annex it/zone it.  Kay 
 Hi Gloria,  Could you please print these for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just in case you haven't seen a copy, NCNG has filed a petition to intervene in the CPCN proceeding.  The reason stated is that it isn't clear who is providing the natural gas.  It has asked for the right to examine and cross-examine witnesses, to file briefs and argue its position, etc.  Kay 
 Allyson,  Please delete Stuart Zisman and add me to your distribution list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 No problem. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 FYI. 
 I like this answer. 
 I'm going to have an updated contact list prepared.  Please email me with your telephone, location, email address, and cell phone number, if desired.  Please let me know who should be added to this list.  If you are receiving this vis a cc, I have your information.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's two more to add.  I suggest you put our outside counsel last on the list.  There are two firms: Kilpatrick, Stockton and Bracewell & Patterson. I would put Bracewell before Kilpatrick.  Thanks bunches. 
 Here's the current redline, incorporating most of the comments made last week.  Herman, the language to address your biggest issue is in 2.3, page 7 on the marked version.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi 
 more... 
 For the Bracewell part of the list. 
 Another print job.  Please make me a Wheeling Pitt file folder for these docs as well.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm keeping this one.  Too cool! 
 Isn't it nice to know he is looking out for you?  You can tell how much he cares about you.  Thanks for sharing the stories.  I really enjoy each one of them.  Kay 
 This should be the final (or at least almost final) version.  The amounts are correct. 
 FYI 
 Chris/Ben,  We had discussed having two change orders so that the ESA stuff is easily identifiable/assignable/etc.  Is this still the plan?  Kay 
 Per Ray's request... 
 FYI. 
 I'm far afield of my area of expertise, but Boyd's comments make a great deal of sense to me.  Gregg, did you/will you pass these along to PERC?  Perhaps it would help if Boyd could speak directly to the PERC person with the typewriter, so to speak.  Kay 
 Kevin,  Thank you for your work.  I especially appreciate the memo bringing me up-to-speed.  Kay 
 Here's what I have... 
 Otra mas.  Did I get that right? 
 What issues were invented? 
 Hi Ben,  I've started a draft of the ESA document, and I wanted to get your comments before I go much further.  Basically, I want to make sure  I'm on the right track.    I'll make it look pretty as we go along.  Getting the deal points are most important at this point.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Sara,  Maybe a conference call with Gregg would be the most productive way to go.  Kay 
 Feels funny emailing someone so close.  I'm addicted to email, however,  I saw Gregg in the elevator lobby as the door was closing.  I'm going to see if I can corner him while he is in town to see what is going on.  I'm not up-to-speed on this one.  Kay 
 Good morning.  Here is the email you mentioned.  Have a great day!  Love,  Kay 
 I believe I have compared the ENA Aug 29 version to the VEPCO Aug 21 version of the Capacity and Energy Contract.  I'm no expert at CompareRite, but I believe it worked.  Here goes:    Let me know if you have any trouble opening this document.  Kay 
 The details for today's conference call are as follows:  1:30 CDT  Call in number 800 851 1766, participant code 685753  Rose is on vacation and Sheila will be calling in from Portland.  I have a 100 conference call, but I will step out if I can.  Talk to you soon!  Kay 
 Maybe spelling your name right will help this go through.  Sorry! 
 July 31st for Edgecombe.  I didn't prepare the other option, but I'll check to see if there is a copy around.  Kay 
 I'm looking at the Skelton option (Hart County, GA), and can't figure out when it was executed. (must confess I didn't read EVERY word) Can anyone help me with this?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  Is there a conference call scheduled for today, and is Boyd available tomorrow?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Chris,  I would think that we would want to designate which units are affected by the provisions of the change orders, to the extent a the change is specific to certain units.  What do you think about that approach?  Kay 
 I am STILL on my 100 conference call.  I'll catch up on what I missed later.  Kay 
 Glad you wrote, since I need to send you this option agreement for your review:    I will chase down the fax and give it a look.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there.  I have a personal errand to run (nothing bad) Thursday am, so I  won't be in until around lunchtime.  Can't WAIT to hear about your trip.  I hope it was marvelous.  We're looking at a private school for Michael (St.Francis).  I think it is time for a change.  Kay 
 I need to talk to the commercial guy on the deal.  Got a name for me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Since the time frame is short, I wanted to give you an outline to mark up/correct.  Here's how I understand the deal:  People's has the Manlove gas storage facility.  We have presented to People's a nonphysical method to monetize it, similar to what was done with Bammel. Since this is a regulated asset, regulatory approval will be required, and the consumers will receive part of the benefit of the monetization.  The essence of our deal is that Enron will receive 50% of the net earnings, up to $25mm, as our fee.  In consideration for this fee, Enron takes the financial, legal, accounting and engineering lead. Peoples and Enron will work together on the regulatory strategy formulation and implementation.  We want to present a draft MOU to Peoples this week.  The basic goals are:  Define scope of the agreement Define our lead role in the 4 stated areas Create exclusivity for Enron Define financial arrangements (cost/profit) Get an acknowledgement that what was presented to them was proprietary, and covered by our confidentiality agreement. Define term (5 years)  Each party bears their own internal costs, and third party costs are split 50/50, with prior approval.  In that regard an immediate concern is getting the engineering work kicked off.  We want the agreement broad enough to cover physical withdrawals.  We do not want it specific to this field, since we want the benefit of the use of our methodology.  Please correct/supplement, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I lost the email with the information regarding where to send donations in Gabrielle's honor.  Can you resend it to me?  Thanks. 
 No problem.  Can't wait to see what you get.  I may have to order some more, plus Silly Bob, and the large Klixx, and... oh my gosh, I may be a TOYAHOLIC.... 
 I'm at home this am (kid stuff) but will be in around lunch and all afternoon.  I'll find you.  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I'm looking at it.  Kay 
 I wanted to make sure that everyone is happy with the name Edgecombe Development CO, LLC as the project company name. We are going to amend our petition for the CPCN, and I want to get the name right. 
 I am also a notary. 
 FYI 
 Hi Kay,  I'm looking for CA's with Peoples.  I have one dated December 23, 1998.  Do you have anything else, especially one more current?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Cheryl,  I've been asked to see what I can find out about the status of the generator for the Westinghouse 501D.  I've heard stories ranging from it was on the Titantic, to it was in a rain storm.  Can you shed any light on its status?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is everyone available on Friday to discuss where we are and where we are headed with the CPCN process? We need to discuss whether the petition can/should be amended to allow for a broader certificate.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I never got the email.  Please send it again. 
 Here's a first draft.  It isn't quite done, but I wanted to let you have a look at it ASAP.  Kay 
 For comment, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 A little light reading.  Another will follow. 
 I am absolutely delighted.  Kay 
 Laura,  Here's a draft for your review.  If you find it acceptable, it should be ready to go to Peoples as a draft.  Please let  me know if you have any comments.  Kay 
 Hi Rusty,  Just checking to make sure you got this email.  Kay 
 This needs to be added to the Vepco contact list which Gloria started. Thanks, Kay 
 Here it is. 
 FYI 
 It is OURS, all OURS.  So what's the whopping balance now?  Kay 
 As promised... 
 Suz,  Please cancel the 930/Wednesday conference call, as we are changing the time.  Please confirm with Sheila what time we will have the call this week.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gregg Penman was ready, but I couldn't get David Tucker at Bracewell.  Did he forget?  Thanks,  Kay 
 We had a wonderful, quiet weekend. The wine was very good.  I drank it without food, as it was nice and light, which is how I like my reds.  It would have been good with a tomato based pasta, I think.  How do I find out how much vacation I have?  I know there's a system on the intranet.  I want to plan some time off this year, if possible.  I know how difficult it can get the longer I wait.  Thursday I won't be in until around noon. More Michael stuff.  Kay 
 I just spoke to Sheila and she told me 130 Central, on Wednesdays. 
 That's it for now.  Kay 
 For your reading pleasure, I'm sending a copy of the infamous 97-10.    Kay 
 Hi Nancy,  I need to bring you up-to-speed on where we are, and share some comments from Virginia Power.  Please let me know a good time to visit.  Thanks,  Kay 
 For future reference, Brian Barto does not participate in these calls.  No need to retract the invite at this point.  Kay 
 GE form contract, 1 1/2 hours. 
 I'm going to be on this conference call (the David Tucker call) for a long time.  Would you mind getting me a Diet Coke?  I have the money in here, but I can't leave my desk.  I should have thought ahead.  Thanks!!!!!!  Kay 
 Hello again,  Makes sense to me.  I would add "on behalf of MEH" after "Transaction" on the first line of the second paragraph of VII.  I don't have the MEH Operating Agreement.  Do you have an electronic copy of it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is he availabe tomorrow?  Once you get a picture of availability (maybe you have it all ready), ask Sheila what she wants to do. She may want to re-schedule for tomorrow morning.  Kay 
 Thanks.  And thanks for the drink. 
 That's it, just HAPPY BIRTHDAY.  Hope no one is picking on you too badly today.  Kay 
 Hi Ben,  Hope Day 1 of your daughter's illustrious academic career went well.  We are hoping to meet tomorrow at 130 Central in 38C2 to discuss GE issues. Sheila says you won't be here quite that soon, but it would be very helpful if you could join us once you get here.  Time permitting, we can discuss the ESA transaction once we are done with the GE stuff.  See you soon,  Kay 
 We have scheduled a meeting to address the status of our discussions with GE, and develop an organized approach to some issues.  The meeting will be held at 130 in EB 38C2.  See you then,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 FYI. 
 Not dead yet.  Ozzie and Heather are looking at some other possibilities. They don't want to lose momentum until it is clear that there aren't other viable alternatives.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 If these are men's sizes, I'm a small.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Fred,  My understanding (which I will verify) is that Enron would still be at risk from an environmental standpoint with a lease.  We could try to lessen our exposure as much as possible with the lease, and get indemnity from PGL.  Kay 
 Enron Pres: Still Committed to Power Generation Business Wednesday, September 6, 2000 12:49 PM    ?Mail this article to a friend  By James Covert Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Despite an increasing emphasis on wholesale trading rather than asset ownership in its electricity operations, Enron Corp. (ENE, news, msgs) will continue to develop and purchase power plants, president Jeffrey Skilling told Dow Jones Newswires on Wednesday. "Generation assets are essential to a successful trading operation," Skilling said, responding to recent trade reports that the company plans to exit the power generation business. The Houston-based energy company is "absolutely not" selling its power plants as part of its strategy, he said. Enron will continue to build and purchase natural gas-fired "peaking plants," which produce power only during times of high demand and wholesale prices, Skilling said. Enron has begun construction of a few such projects in the U.S. Midwest and South, and will continue development chiefly in the U.S and Europe, he said. "The margins are higher (in wholesale power markets) in Europe," Skilling said. "The market there is more fractional, and that creates more opportunities for someone who's playing across the board." Developments in Europe, particularly in southern Europe, also offer a higher per-unit rate of return, Skilling said. Nonetheless, Skilling did confirm that the company isn't interested in building larger-sized plants in any country, and that its construction goals may not be as lofty as those of other energy companies. "We are not interested in building base-load plants," Skilling said, referring to large power plants that produce power in steady quantities around the clock. "Base load simply delivers megawatts - that's a bulky, undifferentiated commodity," Skilling said. "But peaking plants allow us to play on the shape of the market of that commodity." Skilling declined to give any projections or figures related to Enron's future development plans, saying that they weren't set in stone. But Skilling said the company generally aims to site power plants where there are bottlenecks in the transmission system, and that Enron isn't focused on any one geographic region as opposed to others. "There are companies out there saying they're going to build 40,000 megwawatts by such-and-such a date, and I don't really see how that's possible," Skilling said. "There are just too many variables to approach markets like that." -By James Covert, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-2061; james.covert@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 I'm ready for another trip to Chicago, to work on the details, the transfer pricing, the Manlove monetization, etc.  Would a day next week be good?  It would probably be helpful if Laura had some availability as well. Tuesday is bad for me, but Wednesday or Thursday looks good.  I'll look over the list and give you a call after lunch.  Kay 
 If anyone asks, I would prefer to have Gloria for our temp.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please hang on to this for future reference.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  It looks good for tomorrow.  I prefer not to schedule anything later than 300, if possible, just to give myself a chance to handle the end of the week details/crises.   Kay 
 Hi Bob,  Does this have anything to do with the Wisconsin site you mentioned in the staff meeting?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI.  I'm talking to Gregg on the phone now.  Kay 
 I saw something on the intranet which says you can check all your benefits, etc , including vacation time.  It called for a password.  Did you receive a password for yours?  I wonder if it is the same as the password when you submit benefits.  Any ideas?  ckm 
 I wasn't sure if you got a copy of this.  Kay 
 Laura,  Here's the revised version:    Here's a compared version so you will know what I did:    I'll work on the transfer price agreement today or this weekend so we will have something to discuss.  I'm planning on being in Chicago on Thursday if you would like to discuss any of these matters.  Kay 
 Per your request. 
 Ok. 
 Ben,  Here's a draft of an MOU for the sale of the LMs and ABB equipment to ESA. One issue is when this transaction can close.  Since the equipment is owned by WestLB and since the feeling is we don't want to involve WestLB in the transaction, the actual transfer would take place at the termination of the WestLB facility.  If another approach is preferred, we will need to circle back with Lisa.  A second issue I see is with the concept that GE will need to look to both ENA (or WestLB's successor) for some of the payments, but look to ESA for payment for changes, storage, etc.  As far as I know, this concept hasn't been addressed with GE.  I re-calculated the overhead charge, so you might want to check it out.  I look forward to your comments.  Kay 
 I'm reading it now. 
 David,  Please change the date on the draft so that we won't confuse it with the prior drafts.  I would delete "specifically" from 2.10 (c), and add "or later ratify such transaction" (or something to that effect), just in case they later learn and accept the transaction.  In 2.10 (x), add to "due to an inability to pay, or other credit reason".  In (y), add "or a contractual defense to payment" [could be force majeure, etc]  Again in 2.10, third sentence from the end "any interest, penalties, attorneys fees and court costspayable by the Hub Shipper...;  3.3  Delete "prior" before "approval", and add "or ratification" in the redlined section on refunds.   Thanks,  Kay 
 Here's what's hot, what's not:  Virginia Power - don't know how hot it is.  We should know more on Monday.  Chicago - just finished commenting on the Hub Agency agreement.  I would like to visit there next week. As you know, the Manlove monetization is still on the list.  Laura sent me her comments to the LOI yesterday - relatively mild, so the LOI should be going to Peoples in the near future.  You have the list that Gregg prepared on commercial/legal to do's, and he and I will work on those things next week.  LM stuff.  General consulting business; form 97-10 EPC for affiliate, form GE contract (drafted by AK) on the list.  ESA/ENA turbine sale.  Sent Ben a draft MOU.  Not a time hog.  Miscellaneous development stuff - land options, etc, for Fred and Rusty.  Not very time consuming.  Opps, I'm late for a meeting!  I can give you whatever details you need.  All things considered, I'm in pretty good shape.  Kay 
 Hi Kathleen,  I will try to take this one it.  There is a charge for it (I think) that the department picks up.  By the way, have you been invited to the ENA law conference at the Woodlands?  We need to get you in on that one.  Talk to you soon.  Kay 
 Great idea.  By the way, do you know if Kathleen has been included in the law conference stuff?  Kay 
 Today is kind of bleak.  Tuesday is good should something change for you.  Kay 
 Hi Richard,  I'm working on a form EPC contract.  Do you have a favorite arbitration clause you would suggest be included?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Thanks.  I suspect I'll be in the loop on this one way or the other.  Do you want me to send you emails so you know what's up?  Kay 
 Do you want to keep up with this, or pretend you never heard of Chicago? 
 Here's what I know about this deal so far. 
 Please print, place in folder (surprise, not a binder!) labeled CRRA Fuel Cell Agreements.  Thanks!! 
 Thank you for this info.  Sounds like this is getting a fair amount of attention in the region.  I have your name written on a piece of paper.  Do I owe you a call?  Kay 
 small green pressboard like you order for me 
 Hi Nancy,  We are getting geared up to look at the interconnection agreement and work on the land lease.  Just thought you might want to put it on the list of fun things to do in the future.  Kay 
 Sorry Reagan, I just opened this email.  Kay 
 FYI.  We had a conference call this am.  I'll catch you up later.  Kay 
 I'm working on the agreement, but since it is taking longer than I had hope= d,=20 I wanted to send you my understanding of the basic premise for your input. = =20 I'll continue to refine/integrate this into a real document while you revie= w=20 the important stuff:    Hub Services.=20  =01&Hub Services=018 include (a) transactions entered into by MEH or the PG= L HUB=20 which are subject to Peoples' Hub FERC operating statement, and (b) all=20 physical transactions which require the use of the Manlove or Mohammad fiel= ds=20 (also known as =01&exchange=018 or =01&enhanced hub=018 services).=20  The profit [what is profit? Obviously before tax, but otherwise a GAAP=20 standard?] from Hub Services shall be split as follows:  ? For transactions entered into between February 15, 2000 through September= =20 30, 2000, the profit shall be equally shared.  ? For transactions entered into from October 1, 2000 to September 30, 2001= =20 (and successive years until September 30, 2004), Peoples will receive the= =20 first $4 million in profit (cumulative, not annual), and will Enron receive= =20 the next $1million in profit.  For any profit exceeding $5 million, Peoples= =20 and Enron will share any on a 50/50 basis.  This arrangement excludes all agency fees paid to MEH.  These fees will be= =20 shared 50/50 from the inception.=20  All internal costs incurred in the normal course of business will be borne = by=20 the party incurring same. All third party costs will be shared equally, and= =20 require MEH board approval.  PERC Peaking Agreement  PERC has contracts with PGL and with NICOR contracts relating to the=20 ethane/propane peaking facility. The two existing contracts pay a total of= =20 $2million (approximate or exact) in demand charges annually. Any profit=20 exceeding $2 million in a year will be shared by Peoples and Enron on a 50/= 50=20 basis.  If either of these contracts is extended in any form other than the current= =20 form, then Peoples and Enron share the demand charge and the profit on a=20 50/50 basis.  Other Transactions=20  Peoples and Enron will split the profit from any transactions other than=20 those described above on a 50/50 basis.=20    Kay 
 Who is authorized to sign on behalf of this company?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just in case I forget to mention it, I need to move our SF visit to Friday am, due to travel plans.  Is this still ok with you?  Kay 
 I'm not particularly wild about many of the changes proposed by GE.  Seems that it would be a good idea to get a consensus on how to respond.  Here are the issues I see:  Indemnity issues: They should indemnify us from claims by their employees/subcontractors. Indemnity should be triggered by strict liability as well as negligence. What is a cognizant government?  Limit of liability issues: They want to limit their indemnity obligation to 100% of purchase price. They want the limit of liability to apply to gross negligence, if possible. They don't want to clarify that they have to indemnify us for another party's claim for consequentials (as in a personal injury claim).  We've don't have anything concrete on assignment yet.  Comments?  Sheila has asked that we change Wednesday's call to 1100 Central, or 100 Central if 1100 doesn't work.  Is this a problem?  Kay   They should have to 
 Hi Allyson,  What is your impression of why the NC attorney general's office has intervened in the CPCN proceeding?  Is this typical?  Does the AG's office (or any other intervenor) have any special rights to discover any of the confidential information we file?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Calif Pwr Woes Tuesday, September 12, 2000 08:15 AM    ?Mail this article to a friend  (This article was originally published Monday) WASHINGTON (Dow Jones)--The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has limited authority to address flawed electricity markets in California and alleged price gouging by power producers, but will act to overhaul the state's wholesale power markets if necessary, FERC Chairman James Hoecker told a congressional panel Monday. The commission was ready to act once the results of an expedited staff investigation of problems affecting power markets in the U.S. West becomes available, Hoecker said in testimony presented to a San Diego field hearing of the House Commerce Committee's energy panel. "If we need to fix market rules or market structures within our jurisdiction, we will do so," Hoecker told lawmakers. And if price gouging is occurring "as some have alleged," he added, "we will respond accordingly, by revoking market-based rates or otherwise." However, Hoecker stressed that the commission's authority is limited under the Federal Power Act. "The commission has limited ability to relieve the immediate customer crisis. Important aspects of this problem are a state responsibility, such as authorizing construction of new generation and transmission facilities," Hoecker testified. The commission can't act to limit prices charged by power providers "until we have a record supporting such action," he said, referring to the results of the pending staff investigation. Further, he said, the law bars FERC from ordering retroactive refunds to San Diego Gas & Electric Co. for the power it purchased this summer to serve its retail customer base. Hoecker testified before the House Commerce Committee's Energy and Power Subcommittee, which is looking into the supply shortages in California this summer that have forced San Diego electricity consumers to pay twice as much for power as they did a year ago. State Mkt Structure Blamed For Crisis The hearing comes after much wrangling at FERC, as SDG&E, a unit of Sempra Energy (SRE, news, msgs), sought an order setting price caps for power bid into the state-sponsored electricity exchange, and power producers sought an order allowing cost recovery for lost opportunity sales if the state's independent grid operator curtailed sales outside California, where price controls don't apply. FERC hasn't yet responded to the producers, and deferred action on SDG&E's bid for price controls until the staff investigation is completed. But it left in place an order allowing the independent system operator to limit the price it pays for power, which acts as a de facto cap on prices bid into the power exchange. Hoecker, while withholding judgment pending the staff probe, appeared to place much of the blame for this summer's crisis with the state-mandated market structure, which left San Diego consumers subject to spot-market volatility. And he appeared to suggest that FERC's order directing utilities to transfer transmission assets to control of large regional transmission organizations, or RTOs, will offer an opportunity to develop a regional solution to the power-supply problem. FERC deferred to California in restructuring the wholesale market in California because its experience with new market institutions such as power exchanges and ISOs was limited, Hoecker said. Other states, such as Pennsylvania, were "less prescriptive than California in telling the commission how their wholesale markets should operate," Hoecker noted. Now, with FERC's Order 2000 encouraging formation of RTOs, "the commission is in a very different posture with respect to the structure of wholesale markets," he said. "Large regional markets can be made to work effectively," Hoecker told the lawmakers, citing the Pennsylvania restructuring as an example. Other witnesses were more forceful in criticizing the state-mandated market structure. By requiring the state's three investor-owned utilities to purchase all their electricity from the power exchange and limiting their ability to hedge price risks by entering into long-term fixed-price contracts, the state left consumers subject to volatility in the state-mandated spot market, said officials with Enron Corp. (ENE, news, msgs) and Reliant Energy (REI, news, msgs). California's market structure "placed no economic incentives on the default utility providers to look out for the costs that are ultimately passed on to their consumers," Reliant's John Stout testified. "San Diego's experience offers the Congress an unparalleled opportunity to learn from a bungled attempt at deregulation," said Michael Shames, executive director of Utility Consumer's Action Network. Shames and other witnesses warned the congressional committee that California's electricity crisis is likely to occur in other regions of the country unless steps are taken to free up interstate trade in power and allow FERC to better police markets. "California is just the latest problem area in U.S. power markets and, unless policymakers act quickly, it will not be the last," said Enron Corp. (ENE, news, msgs) Steven Kean executive vice president. "Unless Congress and FERC are willing to address the interstate issues that are beyond the jurisdiction of state legislators and regulators, I predict that our experience in San Diego is indicative of what others will encounter in trying to create a competitive electricity market," said Edwin Guiles, Sempra's president of regulated operations. "This electricity crisis is not a California-only problem," said Rep. Brian Bilbray, R-Calif., who represents San Diego and requested Monday's hearing. "We will continue to be in this mess if state and federal officials don't work together to find long-term solutions to the flaws in the marketplace," Bilbray said. -By Bryan Lee, Dow Jones Newswires, 202-862-6647, bryan.lee@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: EIX, ENE, PCG, REI, SRE  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Can the gas company also make the same requests? 
 Hi there.  I changed our SF appointment to 900 on Friday.  We have not been successful in getting a hotel room anywhere close to where we are going.  There is some big fashion convention in NY, and the rooms are booked as far away as Danbury, Connecticut.  Wild, isn't it?  Heather says there is a chance that we will fly out tomorrow, spend tomorrow night in NY, then I can fly to Chicago Thursday am.  I still plan on flying back on Thursday pm so that I can make that 900 appointment.  That may mean taking the midnight flight, but what the heck.  I'll keep you posted.  Kay 
 I won't be in Friday am, as I have a 900 appointment out of the office (another school visit - I hope we are almost done).  I don't know my travel plans yet.  I may ( or may not) be leaving today.  If not, I will be leaving tomorrow.  I don't need you to make any arrangements yet.  Kay 
 Please note. 
 Allyson,  What is the proceedure for objecting to a request (either the intervenor's or the Public Staff's)?  Is our position weakened in resisting an intervenor's request if we have given the same information to the Public Staff?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 I guess you are having some kinda fun over there, hitting the forward button.  Actually, I appreciate the info. 
 Gentlemen,  I have made changes to the consolidation agreement, which I hope all will find acceptable:    (It does need a date or two.)  As for the termination agreement, here's what I suggest:    Do we want to address the purchaser's parent guaranty in both of the contracts, or just the consolidation agreement?  I would suggest that we make the guaranty a deliverable 30 days after execution of the contracts, which gives us time to get the Mitsui assignment done, as we expect to assign the contracts immediately.  That way, Mitsui can provide the guaranty, if necessary.  If ENA does provide the guaranty, we would want to have the ability to have it replaced with a suitable substitute guaranty from Mitsui.  Sorry I missed your call.  It was a day of meetings.  I will be on the road tomorrow, but will check my voice mail.  Kay 
 It currently appears that I will be on the road Wednesday and Thursday. Figures!  I am going to send you a copy of the marked up interconnection agreement, which has comments from various Enron people. I thought it might help you think about which way to head.  I would appreciate receiving an electronic file of the IC you prepared.  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Is there a time limit for lodging an objection? 
 Here's a draft.  More names are being added, so feel free to suggest more that we forgot/overlooked, including those external to Enron.  Please send the info directly to Suzanne Adams.  Lisa, Mitch and Chris, you will be on the next draft.  Sorry for the oversight this time around.  Thank you,  Kay 
 fyi 
 Please add Lisa Bills, Chris Herron and Mitch Robinson.  You have Lisa's info on the GE list.  Thanks,  Kay 
 This is the VEPCO contact list, as far as I know.  Do we have another one? (opps!) This is the one Gloria did while you were on holiday in the West. (Doesn't that sound good?)  Kay 
 Hi Neil,  Looks like I'm headed to the Big Apple today, then Chicago tomorrow, back on Thursday.  I'll fill you in on the details when I have them.  Love,  Kay 
 Please add this name to the Virginia Power part of the list. 
 Please check with Mike Barnas,Kent Shoemaker (GE contact list) and Rose Engeldorf and see if they are available at either 1100 Central tomorrow or 100 Central.  If that works for them, please reschedule the conference call, send a confirming email to Mike, Steve Swift, Kent, Marty, Scott, Rose, Sheila (and leave her a voice mail -she is on the road), etc.  Thanks!  Kay  PS.  I have a 330 flight today- Heather arranged.  I'll let you know the details when I have them.  I'll travel to Chicago tomorrow, returning to Houston tomorrow at a decent hour. 
 I'm either losing my mind or my email.  Did you send me an email re GE?  I thought I saw one, but now I can't find it. Is that a trick, and if so, how do I do it?  Could you resend it, please?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  Here's the notice we discussed.  Kay 
 Ben,  We have a draft of the VEPCO "standard" interconnect, which has been internally reviewed by Mitch Robinson and Christi Nicolay.  Would you like a copy? Nancy Wodka (Bracewell & Patterson, DC office) is outside counsel working on it as well.  We have had no substantive discussions with VEPCO about this agreement at all.  Let me know how you want to proceed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Important question...  Where should I stay in Chicago?  Thanks,  Kay 
 flying to NYC at 330 on CO.  Don't know flight number.  Don't know where I'm staying in NYC.  WED: Fly from Newark to Chicago tomorrow at 645 pm.  Don't know where I'm staying in Chicago.  THURS: Fly from Chicago to Houston, leaving at 200pm, arriving at 428.  That's all I know for now.  Kay 
 Hey Ken,  I'm so sorry.  I'm not trying to hide!  I just found out I have a 300 flight to NYC on a deal I know little about, then on to Chicago, no hotel rooms in either city but GOTTA GO, not sure of the return. In short, I've been Enronized. I picked up your number on a scrap of paper instead of the travel agent's number (different scrap of paper I still have not found), and when you answered I couldn't figure out who I called. At least your email helped me get back to reality.  I apologize for the confusion, for not getting back to you, etc.  Please don't read anything into it other than your glimpse into Enron. My sense is I'd better not commit to anything this week, since I literally don't know whether I am coming or going.  Thanks,  Kay 
 One of them is essential to the call.  If they can't change the time but 130 Central is still ok with them, then leave it as is.  Please leave me a voice mail of the outcome.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Laura,  I'll be in your offices 1st thing Thursday morning.  Is that a good time fo= r=20 you?  Kay 
 Just to complete the picture. 
 fyi.  No hotel in NYC yet... 
 Ben/Mike,  Did you guys work out anything on the 12th slot?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Julie,  Do I have seat assignments on the last two legs?  Many thanks,  Kay 
 Laura,  Here is a draft transfer price agreement:    I'm sure we may want to add some details, etc, but at least this gives us a beginning point.  I'm hoping that you received the revised draft of the Manlove LOI on September 8 which incorporated your initial comments to the first draft. We can discuss what you see as the most efficient path forward, and any additions, etc, you think are necessary.  I look forward to seeing you on Thursday, and breathing some cooler air for a change.  My cell phone is 713 304 8716, should you need to reach me in the meanwhile. I will also be checking my voicemail, but will not be picking up email.  Kay 
 I'm walking into the lion's den on Thursday (a/k/a Chicago) to discuss various matters.  I know Laura is anxious to move forward on the Manlove deal.  I thought it might be really neat if we (Legal) could have a game plan for this deal, described by Laura as being "like the Bammel deal".  If I can get Laura to commit to a time, how about a conference call to discuss where to go with this?  I'm taking the long way to Chicago (via Connecticut), but will be checking voice mail, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hello from Chicago.  I'm in Enron's offices, so I can pick up email.  Once I figure out what is going on with the ENA Legal reorganization, I should be able to figure out who to ask about hiring needs.  Then we should talk about how to get John into the program.  Maybe EECC has too many lawyers now.  How ironic, considering how busy we were this time last year. Things change!  Talk to you soon,  Kay 
 Hey there.  I don't think I've been fishing since July.  Geez, it is half way through September.  I'm in Chicago today (NYC yesterday).  A whirl wind tour.  I hear the Aquarium closed - killed by bike lanes.  Two weeks later the owner died.  We need to find a "new" dive.  Kay 
 I gave Ben a very preliminary draft recently, then I left town (I'm in Chicago today, NYC yesterday).  I want to make sure I've addressed his concerns before drafts start floating around.  He and I are trying to get coordinated so that we can widen the circle a bit.  Hope this answers your questions.  Kay 
 Sheila,  Just want you to know that I am thinking of you as I amuse myself, waiting for my meeting to begin.  Kay 
 Sounds good to me.  Next week, that is, not St. Louis. 
 I should be in the office after 1100 on Friday.  Are you available?  Kay 
 Could you please email me the names of the officers of Enrow MW, LLC?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I thought I recalled you suggesting that changes we used on the LM 6000 deal be incorporated into a "master".  Maybe I misunderstood (not the first time!!!) 
 You are my hero.... 
 Revised draft.  Da Bulls toner is low, so the draft doesn't look good, and I don't know where the others print.  Guess I could just listen for it... 
 Let me clarify.  She sold the place when the city put in bike lanes because it screwed up the parking.  I've heard wonderful, divey things about the Roll-in.   A top prospect. 
 The real deal: 
 Deb,  Could you please check with the state of incorporation (I believe Delaware) and the Corp Secretary's office to see if the papers have been processed in both places?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi guys,  Just wanted to check to see if there is a "go by" affiliate EPC contract, destined to be 97 10 compliant?  I'm ready to start working on it from ENA's standpoint.  Thanks,  Kay 
 fyi  Kay 
 Scott,  I'll give you what we got from FCE when we meet at 300.  Remind me if I forget!  Kay 
 For your information. 
 Christi,  I'm so glad you wrote, not just because the information is so important, but also because I've been meaning to return your call.  I look forward to working with you on this and other issues. I'm sure I'll be calling with questions soon.  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  When you have a moment (ha ha) could I get a copy of a couple of power project risk memos?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here at Enron the lawyers generate risk memos in connection with transactions, summarizing the more important legal risks in a deal.  I've been taking notes along the way, but I will be asking you for your thoughts here shortly.  A discussion will be all I'm looking for at this time.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Today is not a good day for me to go out after work.  I'm planning on picking up my sweetie (Michael) from school, since I've been out of town.  I would vote for the Roll-in.  No question.  I would buy just to see Keffer there.  Kay 
 Can you tell if the documents have been filed in the state of incorporation?  Could you send me an email with a description of what you learned about how this done?  I know the procedures weren't followed.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Is John there?  What do you want to do this weekend?  Should I thaw sausage for tonight?  ckm 
 How does everybody look for a discussion concerning the VEPCO interconnection agreement on Tuesday, Sept 19?  I've checked with Christi, Mitch and Reagan, so they don't need to confirm.  Details to follow...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Please see if you can get a conference room, allowing 2 hours for the meeting.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I should mention 900am as the time!    Enron North America Corp. 
 Russell,  I don't believe we intend to qualify in all of those states.  Kay 
 FYI 
 Please see if there is any way we can have it in the same elevator bank.  I will ask to have it on 29, so you won't need to check there.  Hope you've had a great weekend.  The weather was PERFECT!!!!  Kay 
 Hi Reagan,  Is a conference room available on 29?  We are having a hard time finding a meeting place.  Thanks,  Kay 
 What could be better than a meeting on an interconnection agreement?  I know I need to organize another turn of the C&E agreement.  I'm going to give it a look and see what open issues we might have.  Kay  PS  Isn't the weather perfect?  I thought of our friends in VA and NC with the hurricane remnants headed their way.  Hope it isn't too bad. 
 If I show, it will be only to lend support to those with real input, AND to show legal department solidarity (ie, avoid later lawyer shopping).  Thanks for the info.  Kay 
 Please calendar.  Also, Thursday is my mom's birthday, so I need to remember to shop for her at lunch tomorrow.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Sheila,  Shall we try to get the Enron groups together to discuss the approach we want to take with GE in our next phone call?  If so, please advise of any time you have available on Monday, and I'll get it set up.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just want you to know that I should be getting an EPC  form to work on from EECC re 9710. I didn't get to discuss this with J. Schwartzenburg on Friday, since I didn't see him for after work on Friday.  I opted to see Michael instead since I had been out of town.  I've got the form break out contract for the LM 6000's.  I'll get it ready for you to review re the ESA deal.  It will probably take me a few days to get it in shape to let it go.  Hope you've had a great weekend.  I don't  think the weather could have been better.  Kay 
 fyi 
 I'm trying to avoid a two elevator ride, if possible.  God forbid I should take the stairs!  I'll let you know what he comes up with, if anything.  Kay 
 I haven't opened the attachment yet, but I wanted to get it to you asap. 
 FYI, Reagan is a man, a developer in Ben Jacoby's group.  I checked the paper for an obit about Don.  Was there one?  How was his mother?  Are you going to Jillian's on Thursday?  Can't wait to see pics.  I'll be by soon.  Kay 
 Power Assets is currently Sheila's group, pre-reorg. 
 http://www.ots.enron.com/~legal/ADDRESS.HTM 
 Long conference calls make me happy about having email.  Do you want Brian/Lisa/anyone else commercial?  Kay 
 How about meeting in advance of tomorrow's 130 phone call to discuss the approach we want to take with GE?  I'm suggesting 400 this afternoon.  Please let me know how this works for you.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I should have included you also.  Are you available?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lisa,  I inadvertently left you off the list.  Hope you can come.  Kay 
 Lisa Bills and Brian Barto are also invited.  I haven't heard from anyone yet.  Please call the list around 200 to see if people are available.  Also, can you find a conference room?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Karen,  I'm looking at a version which was faxed on Sept 13.  If this the final version?  Expecting the answer to be "yes", I am reviewing it now.  Kay 
 I suppose a location would help! Location TBD, I'll make sure you get a call.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 This is the most current information I have on specifications.  I sent Ben and Mike an email about the 12th slot, but haven't heard from either one of them.  By the way, I was asking about whether the changes I had suggested for the transformer contract had been included in the Calumet equipment purchase terms, as I was confident the changes are in this agreement.  Kay 
 I can come! 
 I'm looking at it right now.  Could you please email it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 My understanding is that Illinois is the only one, unless enovate will have employees or inventory in any other states.  It is my understanding that it will not.  Gregg, Russell, Matt, please speak up if I'm missing something.  Kay 
 I'm going to work really hard this week to see if I can catch up a bit, and take a day off soon. 
 No surprises with CW.  She's very nice to me, but she does like to keep very specific hours.  I get the impression that leaving 15 minutes past 5 really bothers her.  Just watch, and see. 
 Karen,  I don't run across many people without email these days. Big hassle.  It is so much easier to check for certain issues with an electronic copy.  I'm looking for the Fehr option, but the latest I have on my computer is the version I emailed to you on August 30th.  Is there a more up-to-date version, and if so, could you please mail it to me?  Thanks,  Kay 
 This makes me crazy.  I ask her to send me a document, and she copies TWO partners on the transmittal, plus Fred and Rusty. 
 Good.  I feel better.  I just don't think we owe them enough yet. 
 It is mainly a tax issue (whether we have to pay franchise tax), and ENA Tax says we don't need to register.  At least that's how I understood it.  I'll double check.  We can do the name change and register later.  That's no problem.  Kay 
 Here's the attachment. 
 Here are my observations:  I agree with Rusty re: the put option complicating things for us.  Second, there has to be an absolute end to this agreement at some point. If we want to have an automatic extension by commencing construction, there still needs to be a date certain after which we can go forward without them no matter what.  In other words, if we want to add the language Rusty suggested, it should be limited to x months after the expiration of the option agreement. We'll need to run this back through Accounting.  I really don't like the inclusion of the language in paragraph 5. If we add the language requested in paragraph 5, we need to run this agreement back through Accounting, and we may need to add some other additional language.  I don't know if Rusty and Fred think we may need a zoning change for this parcel.  Kay 
 Due to a last minute conflict, we need to reschedule this meeting.  How does everybody look for Wednesday?  Sorry for any inconvenience.  Kay 
 Karen,  Please send me the revised version with the language you believe reflects Rusty's suggestion. Otherwise, I will have to go to Accounting twice.  Please email me with the specific performance language you want to add to meet their request.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Viola 
 As soon as I get a redline, I'll get it to Accounting and we can go forward quickly.  I will also process the Virgil and Joan Ledford deal at the same time.  I just had a meeting cancel for tomorrow, which will help.  Kay 
 Sorry for the inconvenience.  Ozzie had to leave town, and he wanted to participate in the first meeting. I'm sure we will get something worked out.  Kay 
 Allyson,  Here is a very recent version of the PPA:    Kay 
 Hi Sara,  I believe we still have an interest in using an Enron form as a go by for the Enron/Peoples activities.  If you can give me what you are comfortable with, I will make sure it is transmitted with the appropriate caveats, confidentiality restrictions, etc.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Here tis.  We'll be turning a new draft to Peoples today or tomorrow, but I figure it needs to go to Allyson now.  Kay 
 Hi Cle,  We need a revolving loan agreement between Midwest (now enovate) and Enron. Please call me at your convenience to discuss (713 345 7566).  Thanks,  Kay 
 Any time is good for me. 
 Hi there,  Any luck with the form to work with on the affilate/epc/97 10 compliant contract?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Allyson,  Someone was asking which of the information we have filed is public information.  Is the petition itself public?  What else would be public?  I know this is a variation to the "what is confidential" question. Once again, your assistance is appreciated.  Kay 
 Hi Kay,  I hate to admit this, but I need another copy of whatever confidentiality agreement we have with Virginia Power.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 This may be our best bet. 
 This information is helpful.  Is the draft of the PPA submitted by VEPCO confidential?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  The confidentiality agreement signed by Enron/Vepco states as follows:  Except as required by law, neither party hereto nor their representatives will disclose to any person either the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place between them not any terms, conditions or other fact with respect to any transaction that may be proposed or undertaken, including the status thereof.  -------------------------------------------------------------  We can loosen up the terms in the contract so that we can disclose certain terms to potential investors (I'll make that change), or we can discuss amending this agreement.  Additionally, it looks like we have the testimony and application filed with the Public Staff to work with.  Kay 
 One more thing.  Did someone send you copies of equipment contracts?  Those have confidentiality provisions which need to be considered.  Therefore, please advise what you received from Enron in that regard.  I was under the impression that most of what we were submitting we were submitting as confidential information, specifically including the responses to the Public Staff's data requests.  I don't recall the specifics at this point.  Thanks again,  Kay 
 I don't know what I have in mind.  Austin?  Palacios?  I'm still struggling with the concept that if we see my parents for a holiday, we have to include your mom, or vice versa.  That just wasn't how it worked in our family growing up - we typically spent holidays with one or the other, rarely with both. I'm trying to figure out the rules.  I haven't heard from St Francis yet.  Kay 
 This is a very rough draft based on an agreement done previously with a jv company.  I'm sending it for Enron review only, since I haven't even read the entire thing yet.  I thought you might want to take a look at it to see what you think, and to consider the scope of the services to be provided.  As for legal services, one alternative would be to have the services provided by an outside law firm, not associated with either principal.  Could you forward me what you received from Clement regarding the corporate guaranty issue?  I would like to see what's the latest in that regard.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think all of us who deal with assets are running across confidentiality hurdles in all kinds of agreements, including confidentiality agreements.  In short, our business people need the ability to disclose agreements to potential purchasers of projects, contracts and assets, and not all of our forms allow this.  I'm trying to include an exception for "potential lenders and investors" whenever I can (instead of just lenders). Does someone have a more artful or effective solution?  Just wanted to share the thought so that more eyes could be watching for the issue.  Kay 
 Some thoughts, observations, suggestions:  1. Advantages to the single contract:  Don't need a consolidation agreement, so we don't have to negotiate one. Better from a liability standpoint. Easier to administer.  Is there any reason we can't go with a single contract?  2. Repayment/prepayment  I'm working with Steve on the letter agreement.  3.  Assignment to Mitsui  Steve is confirming payment issues, and ability to comply with GE's requested payment within 3 days of executing the contract.  This means that the assignment and assumption needs to be executed contemporaneously with the GE contract.  I have a call in to Rob Stevens to verify, in Stan's absence. Peggy is checking on this, also.  4. Parent guaranty.  GE is requesting an Enron parent guaranty.  From a quick review of the draft contract, it appears that a change in language will be necessary, since the current version only requires a parent guaranty in the case of an assignment to a certain class of assignees.  If I am correct, then I suggest consider inserting new language that the parent guaranty will be due 30 days after execution of the contract, so that Mitsui can provide the guaranty, if necessary.  Kay 
 Will do. 
 HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--In the latest update of Enron Corp.'s (ENE, news, msgs) bandwidth trading activities, the company's chairman said Tuesday that it has completed about 90 trades of telecommunications bandwidth. Speaking at the Dain Rauscher Energy 2000 Conference, Enron Chairman Ken Lay talked about the current status and futures plans the company has for bandwidth trading and broadband services. Asked what kind of company Enron is, Lay gave an answer that shows the recent expansion of the company's business strategy beyond energy. Enron is still basically "an energy and broadband company," he said. While energy is still the source of most of Enron's revenue, Lay's answer underlines the growth potential it sees in broadband services and bandwidth trading. A number of Enron officials have been quoted in the last year as saying that, in a few years, it could be making as much money from those areas as it now makes from its lucrative natural gas and power businesses. Enron plans to spend $600 million-$650 million this year and about the same amount over the next two to three years on broadband and bandwidth trading, Lay said. It will spend more during that time if necessary. In fact, the company is planning to sell energy assets around the world in emerging markets that aren't growing quickly enough to meet Enron's standards. Proceeds will be deployed into businesses like broadband and bandwidth trading, which are growing more quickly, he said. In pioneering bandwidth trading as a commodity, Enron's 90 bandwidth deals put it far ahead of competitors in that nascent market area. El Paso Energy Corp. (EPG, news, msgs) officials have said they have done 5-10 bandwidth trades this year. Companies like Williams Communications Group (WCG, news, msgs) won't talk about the number of bandwidth trades they have made. Bandwidth is the capacity to move data between two points on a telecommunications network. Enron will finish deploying its domestic telecommunications network by the end of this year, Lay said. Some of the fiber-optic network will be lit, or made operational, this year with the rest to be lit later. The company has four bandwidth trading pooling points completed in New York, Los Angeles, Las Vegas and London. Enron's current plans call for a total of 13 pooling points. Bandwidth trading pooling points are facilities where telecom carriers can connect to each other to allow data to flow from one carrier to another, facilitating bandwidth trading. Enron plans to begin delivering movies to home via broadband connections in December as part of its deal with Blockbuster Video and a number of telecom carriers. The deal is a 20-year exclusive, worldwide deal with a potential contract value of more than $1 billion to Enron, according to materials the company handed out at the conference. By Michael Rieke, Dow Jones Newswires, 713-547-9207, michael.rieke@wsj.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE, EPG, WCG, WMB  , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Hi Guys,  I'm trying to figure out what info we submitted from which turbine contracts.  Could someone please identify the contract and what was sent to Allyson?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Gregg,  Sheila was telling me that Enron has an ISDA agreement with Peoples, and there's some guaranty language there, also.  I'll try to track this down.  Kay  ps I've asked Sara for the ISDA agreement.  I'll let you know when I get it. 
 My fax number is 63491.  FYI, I want to see if we are in compliance with the confidentiality provisions of those contracts.  In fact, I would  like to get a copy of the 501 D contract (I have the GE contract).  Do you have a copy of the entire thing?  Thanks,  Kay 
 So do you know where the piece of the contract came from?  Maybe we can track down the rest.  I have seen an electronic copy of a contract which may or may not be the correct one since the delivery date is last June.  I think ENA needs a complete copy of the contract, including any executed change orders. Do you think someone in your group might have that?  Many thanks,  Kay 
 I think it would be a good idea.  We really need the ENTIRE executed contract, with change orders (opps, said that already), and I only have an electronic copy. 
 No good deed goes unpunished. 
 Hi Karen,  Our accounting contact is leaving tomorrow at 100, so it would be helpful to get this information as soon as possible.  It would also help if you could send a redline against the version I had sent you, as this was the last draft reviewed by Accounting.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Nancy,  I knew you were thinking about it, so I didn't worry.  I'm monkeying around the PPA, only because I had a meeting with Ozzie and Heather late last night.  Will you be picking up emails in the next day or so?  I can forward you what I've done for your review.  We need to get a Enron/BP dialogue going concerning the lease with the City of Rocky Mount.  When do you want to discuss this (or have us discuss it with the right B & P person)?  Thanks,  Kay 
  Speaking of options.... 
 I don't think I saw that happen. 
 I need to set up a conference call with the outside lawyer who will be drafting the lease (and other docs).  Who would like to participate in the call?  How about Thursday am?  Thanks,  Kay 
 viola 
 Thank you for your response.  It is always refreshing to get good news! 
 I'm at home this am trying to get it finished up.  I just couldn't get 15 clear minutes at the office. 
 Here are my comments:  Revise  "whereas" clauses to make it an option for an easement, not a current grant of an easement.  Should we be able to enter all of Parcel 2 for due diligence, as opposed to just the easement area?  (paragraph 7)  Matt, I wanted you to be aware of paragraph 17.  Kay 
 I'm at home this am, working. 
 Hi Sheila,  I'm happy to take care of this, I just want to make sure I'm not stepping on anyone's toes. Is anyone else working on this?  Kay 
 What do you think of this? (sorry it isn't redlined yet)  (b) Intra-Day Scheduling. Buyer may, upon at least four (4) Hours minimum= =20 advance notice to Seller, request changes to a Schedule by way of an=20 Intra-Day Schedule Notice. Any such changes shall be in increments of at=20 least 50 MW and may not exceed the Contract Capacity nor reduce the Schedul= e=20 to less than four (4) Hours. If the Intra-Day Schedule Notice requires an= =20 increase in the Scheduled Energy per the Day-Ahead Schedule Notice, Seller= =20 shall, at its sole discretion determine whether to dispatch the Facility or= =20 provide Energy from Market Sources.  Seller shall use commercially reasonab= le=20 efforts to provide Buyer with a price to accommodate Buyer=01,s Intra-Day= =20 Schedule Notice. Such price shall include lost profit from any transaction= =20 which would be cancelled in order to accommodate Buyer=01,s Intra-Day Sched= ule=20 Notice, plus all additional costs (whether direct or indirect); provided,= =20 however, that such costs shall be limited to costs actually incurred by=20 Seller (including cost of cover, penalties, liquidated damages, cancellatio= n=20 charges or the like due to another Person) with respect to (i) transactions= =20 entered into by Seller with other Persons prior to receipt of Buyer=01,s=20 Intra-Day Schedule Notice (provided that such transactions and the terms=20 thereof can be verified in an audit to be performed in accordance with=20 Section 8.3, (ii) transactions that must be entered into by Seller in order= =20 to accommodate Buyer=01,s Intra-Day Schedule Notice or (iii) extra costs=20 incurred in operating the Facility to accommodate such notice.  For the=20 avoidance of doubt, such costs shall not include Seller=01,s lost opportuni= ty=20 costs with respect to transactions that Seller may have been able to obtain= =20 but were not entered into by Seller prior to receipt of the Intra-Day=20 Schedule Notice.  If Buyer accepts Seller=01,s price, then the Schedule sha= ll be=20 revised to reflect the changes. If Seller is unable to accommodate Buyer=01= ,s=20 Intra-Day Schedule Notice, such Hours shall not be included as Scheduled=20 Energy for the purpose of determining the Forced Outage Rate. Seller shall= =20 have the right, but not the obligation, to resell any Energy not taken by= =20 Buyer due to a decrease in Energy pursuant to an Intra-Day Schedule Notice= =20 provided, however, that the revenues from any such sales will be offset=20 against the additional costs to be charged to Buyer as provided in this=20 Section 3.4(c). (d) 
 I called in for the Finance meeting.  I'm trying to finish up an important document and could never get a half hour without interruption.  I should be in after lunch.  Kay 
 I've returned the Staff's phone call, but got voice mail.  It would be helpful to discuss this before I talk to them.  Could we schedule something around noon (or later)?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Now you know why I'm at home. 
 I just checked my messages.  Nothing from SF yet. 
 How close did I get?  10.2 Effect of Force Majeure.  In the event of a Force Majeure event=20 affecting Seller=01,s ability to Deliver Scheduled Energy from the Facility= , the=20 following shall occur: =20 (a) Seller shall as soon as reasonably practicable use commercially=20 reasonable efforts to fulfill its obligations to deliver Scheduled Energy= =20 from Market Sources until notice is provided pursuant to Section 10.2(b)=20 below.  do we want to delete this?  Gary didn't seem to like it. (b) Not later than ten (10) Days following the onset of the Force Majeure= =20 event, Seller shall (i) issue a notice to Buyer stating whether Seller will= =20 continue to fulfill its obligations to Buyer hereunder from Market Sources= =20 until the Force Majeure event is terminated or (ii) declare Force Majeure a= nd=20 relieve Buyer from its obligation to pay the Demand Charge during the time= =20 that Seller is unable to meet its obligations hereunder, computed on a dail= y=20 basis.  If Buyer does not Schedule Energy during the ten (10) day evaluatio= n=20 period and Seller declares Force Majuere, then  Buyer=01,s relief of the=20 obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence as of the date of the=20 Force Majeure event. (c) If, during the ten (10) day evaluation period referenced above, Buyer= =20 Schedules Energy and Seller continues to Deliver Energy, but then declares= =20 Force Majeure, Buyer=01,s relief from the obligation to pay the Demand Char= ge=20 shall commence on the date of the declaration of Force Majeure and not on t= he=20 date of onset of the Force Majeure event.  If, during the ten (10) day=20 evaluation period Buyer Schedules Energy and Seller initially Delivers Ener= gy=20 but subsequently fails to Deliver, Buyer shall be relieved of the obligatio= n=20 to pay the Demand Charge from the date Seller fails to Deliver Energy, and= =20 not on the date of onset of the Force Majeure event.  Such relief from the= =20 Demand Charge shall be computed on a daily basis. =20 In the event of a Force Majeure affecting Buyer=01,s ability to receive Ene= rgy=20 from Seller, payment of the Demand Charge shall continue. 10.3 Termination Due to Force Majeure. If an event of Force Majeure continu= es=20 in effect for twelve (12) consecutive Months, then the Party not declaring= =20 Force Majeure may terminate this Agreement upon providing written notice of= =20 such termination to the other Party (but if such event of Force  Majeure=20 terminates before any such termination notice is provided, then this=20 Agreement shall continue in full force and effect). 
 713 973 6325 
 Maybe we give it a couple of hours.  I'm getting nervous, but I tell myself that whatever works out will be for the best. 
 No problem.  I got some comments from Accounting, but I'm fine if you want it to go out with the caveat that Enron has a couple of minor administrative points to clear up.  Kay 
 I know I'm repeating myself...thank you, thank you, thank you.... 
 Hi again,  I accidentally deleted the emails you sent me about Gleason.  Could you resend them?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm working as fast as I can.  Things connect together, so it takes a little while.  I think I'm about done with the hard stuff. 
 Herd cats.  That's what we do.  I've just tightened up FM a little.  I'm trying to make it easy to=20 understand. By the way, we don't suspend O & M, so I guess they still have = to=20 pay it.   10.1 Force Majeure.  If either Party is rendered unable by Force Majeure to= =20 carry out, in whole or part, its obligations under this Agreement and such= =20 Party gives notice and full details of the event to the other Party as soon= =20 as practicable after the occurrence of the event, then during the period of= =20 such Force Majeure but for no longer period, the obligations of the Party= =20 affected by the event (other than the obligation to make payments, other th= an=20 the Demand Charges under the circumstances described in Section 10.2) shall= =20 be suspended to the extent required.  Without limiting the foregoing, any= =20 hours during which Seller is unable to deliver the Scheduled Energy by Buye= r=20 due to an event of Force Majeure shall not be included as hours during whic= h=20 Seller has failed to deliver Energy for the purpose of determining the Forc= ed=20 Outage Rate under Section 4.6. The Party affected by the Force Majeure shal= l=20 remedy the Force Majeure with all reasonable dispatch; provided, however,= =20 that this provision shall not require Seller or Buyer to (i) settle any=20 strikes or other labor disputes or (ii) deliver or receive Energy at points= =20 other than the Delivery Points. 10.2 Effect of Force Majeure.  In the event of a Force Majeure event=20 affecting Seller=01,s ability to Deliver Scheduled Energy from the Facility= , the=20 following shall occur: =20 (a) Seller shall as soon as reasonably practicable use commercially=20 reasonable efforts to fulfill its obligations to deliver Scheduled Energy= =20 from Market Sources until notice is provided pursuant to Section 10.2(b)=20 below. (b) Not later than ten (10) Days following the onset of the Force Majeure= =20 event, Seller shall issue a notice to Buyer (i) stating that Seller will=20 continue to fulfill its obligations to Buyer hereunder from Market Sources= =20 until the Force Majeure event is terminated or overcome, or (ii) declaring= =20 Force Majeure, and stating its intention to not serve from Market Sources. = =20 (c) If the Seller declares Force Majeure under Section 10.2 (b) (ii), Buyer= =01,s=20 responsibility for paying the Demand Charge shall be suspended until Seller= =20 has notified Buyer that Seller is ready to resume the delivery of Energy, a= t=20 which time Buyer shall incur liablility for Demand Charges from that date= =20 forward.  The date that Buyer=01,s obligation to pay Demand Charges will be= =20 suspended shall be determined in accordance with Section 10.2. (d).  The=20 Demand Charge will be prorated on a daily basis during the period that Buye= r=01, s obligation is suspended in accordance with this Article. (d) If Buyer does not Schedule Energy during the ten (10) day evaluation=20 period and Seller declares Force Majuere under Section 10.2 (b) (ii), then= =20 Buyer=01,s relief of the obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence= as=20 of the date of the Force Majeure event. If, during the ten (10) day=20 evaluation period referenced above, Buyer Schedules Energy and Seller=20 continues to Deliver Energy, but then declares Force Majeure, Buyer=01,s re= lief=20 from the obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence on the date of= =20 the declaration of Force Majeure and not on the date of onset of the Force= =20 Majeure event.  If, during the ten (10) day evaluation period Buyer Schedul= es=20 Energy and Seller initially Delivers Energy but subsequently fails to=20 Deliver, Buyer shall be relieved of the obligation to pay the Demand Charge= =20 from the date Seller fails to Deliver Energy, and not on the date of onset = of=20 the Force Majeure event.  Such relief from the Demand Charge shall be=20 computed on a daily basis. =20 In the event of a Force Majeure affecting Buyer=01,s ability to receive Ene= rgy=20 from Seller, payment of the Demand Charge shall continue. 
 I still have to fix the liquidated damages/termination stuff, but here's a redline for you to look at.  I picked up the comments from others (Terry, Christi) and these should be lined as well.  I should be done soon. 
 I'm losing it.  GLAD YOU LOOKED!!! 
 I need to provide the NCPUC a copy of the incorporation documents as soon as I can. How long will it take?  Kay 
 I spoke with Bob Henson.  His questions were: ownership of LLC (I'm getting the documents) and status of PPA.  Kay 
 Yikes.  I think I'd still rather be a woman, although now I can't remember why I feel that way. 
 Got anything?  Should have been signed this year.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I think the LLC agreement would be a big help.  Thanks! 
 Yes, and please add me, too.  I can't remember if I mentioned that before. 
 John,  Probably safe to assume it is me.  Kay 
 This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at  St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good).  I'll be in around1000  Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.  October 4, ENA orientation in the am.  October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school (leave at 430)  October 26/27, hope to be vacation time.  Neil has a meeting in San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this year). It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited.  This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing. Figures, of course.  Thanks for asking.  I'm watching for some good vacation days, also... 
 We are staying at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort, which is nice.  There will be a private party as SeaWorld, which could be fun. They usually do everything first class all the way, since it is the officers shindig.  I get to see some nice people I only see once a year.  Everyone parties hard, too.  Diet time!  I've done ok so far, considering the travel.  This means I've lost the weight I gained when I was on the road every week.  ckm 
 fyi/review/comment 
 I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:  We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.  Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?  Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?  I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.  Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?  I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).  If anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Forget the ONE or more contract questions.  I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project.    Enron North America Corp. 
 On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed.  Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Remarkably clear explanation. 
 Here's a draft letter for CRRA.  I didn't send it to Jeff since he is out today.  Kay 
 Hi Cle,  FYI.  Kay 
 An update... 
 I think you and I may have different documents.  Maybe we should compare.  Thanks,  Kay 
 What time? 
 FYI.  Meeting is at 100 
 Per your request. 
 FYI, no action requested at this time. 
 Being first is overrated.   IS IT TIME YET??? 
 Allyson,  You should receive some formation documents relating to Edgecombe Development.  The name is not spelled correctly (missing an "e"), but that is being corrected at this time.  Bob spoke to me about wanting Enron to send a letter concerning the financing arrangements for the project.  I would like for us to discuss this as well.  Kay 
 This is a comparison to their version.  I think I have a comparison to ours as well.  Kay 
 A comparison to ours.  Kay 
 I think you sent me an email which had some information from the gang about the tests, etc.  Do you still have it?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Gregg,  I was out of the office on Friday, so I just now heard your voice mail.  I haven't been through all my email, but I haven't seen anything from Stephanie on email.  I do have a hard copy version which is too long to fax with confidence.  I'll give the forms a look, and fax them your way with some type of disclaimer for Peoples benefit.  Kay 
 I've worked with Kilpatrick Stockton's North Carolina office quite a bit, mostly regulatory- they are so so.  It is my understanding that the Atlanta office messed up a simple thing for Lisa, and that's all I know about them. I've worked extensively with King & Spalding, both their Houston office (multiple matters) and Atlanta (two matters), and have had good results. I've always worked through John Keffer in Houston, who then hooked me up with the right folks in Atlanta.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Okey dokey. 
 713 751 3255 
 Wanna go?  Sounds like fun to me.  Michael will love it.  Kay 
 Sounds good to me.  I'll check with Neil.  I know Michael would love it.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi John,  Question. Can we agree that a form contract will work for both EECC and NEPCO? Sure would make life easier.  Kay 
 fyi 
 Mike,  Here's a revised version of the option agreement.  I changed the shipping dates, quantity (10), Outside Exercise Date, and the amount of the option payment.  I did not change the prices, since I had not discussed this with Ben, and couldn't get the numbers to work.  Have there been some changes to the data sheets?  It appears to me that there might be a version which reflects the inclusion of the low sound option.  In the last draft we did not include the low sound option because the impact on the load losses had not been agreed, so the prices did not reflect the option.  Please call or email me if you have any questions or comments.  Kay 
 Pretty small stuff from a dollar standpoint.  Perhaps the sky is not falling. 
 Gentlemen,  I've recently become involved in the "cell sale" side, meaning the transaction to sell the Fuel Cell equipment cells to CRRA.  I've met the Fuel Cell folks, but have not met anyone with CRRA yet.  Currently, I'm preparing a letter of intent for Enron/CRRA for the purchase/sale of the cells, have a development agreement prepared by outside counsel to review, and need to come up with a draft purchase agreement for FCE to review. I'll make sure Dan is in the loop on as much of that as he cares to read.  I've heard a rumor of an issue regarding the authority of CRRA to purchase the equipment (perhaps relating to the use of bond money for the purchase), but haven't come up to speed on that issue yet.  I would like to chase down that issue some more before a loud alarm is sounded, however.  I'll get a grasp on the hearing protocol, as I know Dave is very interested in that aspect of the process.  Kay 
 Per your request.  Kay 
 This is an internal draft, which has not been sent to CRRA, as far as I know.  Kay 
 Here's my suggestion:  27.3   Consequential Losses.  The Parties have agreed to liquidate certain= =20 direct damages and have provided for these damages as Liquidated Damages an= d=20 Cancellation Fees.  For purposes of this Section, Liquidated Damages and=20 Cancellation Fees shall not be deemed consequential losses.  In no event,= =20 whether as a result of breach of contract, breach of warranty, indemnity,= =20 tort liability (including negligence or strict liability without regard to= =20 fault) or otherwise, and whether arising before or after completion of the= =20 Scope of Work, shall either Party be liable to the other Party for special,= =20 indirect, exemplary or consequential losses of any nature whatsoever,=20 including losses or damages caused by reason of unavailability of the=20 Equipment, shutdowns or service interruptions, loss of use, loss of profits= =20 or revenue, inventory or use charges, cost of purchased or replacement powe= r,=20 interest charges or cost of capital or claims of a Party=01,s customers.  F= or=20 the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation of liability in this Secti= on=20 shall in no case not limit Seller=01,s obligation to indemnify, defend and = hold=20 harmless Purchaser Indemnified Parties in accordance with Article XX for an= y=20 claims Third Party Claim, including Claims involving the Third Party's=20 consequential losses, losses or damages occasioned by third parties. in=20 accordance with Article XX,=20 
 I have in mind a contract that EECC and NEPCO will agree is the ENA form contract, so that there isn't a need to come up with two different contract forms.  Is that too high of a mountain to climb? 
 I hope this didn't sound flippant, cuz I didn't mean it that way.  Kay 
 This is the one you looked at and left me comments.  Your comments aren't in this draft (timing), but I want to pick them up in the next go round.  When we get together to discuss stuff, maybe we can review this.  It is difficult to get your comments over voice mail, as I'm  just not that quick!  Kay 
 fyi 
 Karen,  Could we have the option of using a letter of credit versus a corporate guaranty? (8) 
 Hi Rusty,  Just wanted to check to see if  you can get me a copy.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Matt, Since so much of this related to tax, I thought you should have a look at it.  Rusty/Fred, I'm not sure of the context of the presentation of the information.  Is this something which is going to the public, or to the governmental entity involved?  If there is something which will be distributed to the public, then we should consider having Enron's PR group bless it.  Kay 
 Hmm. 
 Hi Dan,  One more thing I want to mention.  As you know, Enron has a confidentiality agreement with a competitor of Fuel Cell (I believe it is ONSI).  The agreement has an exclusivity arrangement, which prevents the other company from chasing certain transactions without Enron.  Once we really know what we are going to do with FCE, will it be necessary/advisable to waive the exclusivity provision to avoid any restraint of trade arguments?  FYI, When I last discussed the other company with Ozzie and Heather on Friday, they were planning on calling the other company to tell them the general status without violating confidentiality obligations to FCE or CRRA. I will follow up to get the details of the discussion.  Kay 
 You made me laugh. 
 How about meeting in Sheila's office (3879) at 1030? 
 Hi Stephanie,  Thanks for the hard copy of the ISDA docs.  Would it be possible to get an electronic version of what you gave me?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 Mark/Karen,  I received your voice mail regarding my comment about substituting the LOC. The reason for this suggestion is to provide flexibility in our financing structures, depending on which entities own equity in the LLC at the time of the posting of the security.  Perhaps language such as  "an appropriate payment security" or other similar language can be utilized. Please be assured that I have an understanding of the differences between an LOC and a corporate guaranty.  The draft responses have been forwarded to the Enron tax department, due to the discussions concerning certain tax issues.  I believe it is appropriate to get their approval of the language prior to these answers being released.  Also, I don't believe I fully appreciate the context of these questions and answers, and how and to whom these answers will be given. A brief explanation would be most appreciated.  Thank you,  Kay 
 Here's the latest info I have. 
 Other than that Mrs. Lincoln... 
 Brian,  I'm not sure I understand their objection to the wording about the guaranty. Do you think that there is going to be a problem with them accepting the Mitsui guaranty? I don't know what the arrangements are with Mitsui, and perhaps there isn't a real issue due to how this is being handled in the EPC contracts.  My understanding is that Peggy will be giving legal sign off on these agreements for ENA.  Kay 
 fyi 
 I thought it was an excellent synopsis. 
 63491 
 Has anyone given any thought to the creation of a new company to enter into the CRRA/Fuel Cell purchase/sale transactions?  Any names to suggest?  If Enron is going to be the contractor as contemplated by the PDA, I would expect to use a limited liablity company and not ENA.  Please advise.  Kay 
 I can call you when I get out of my meeting, but it might be awhile.  Or, it might be 600.  Dunno. 
 Que lastima. 
 FYI.  I'll bring you the ONSI confidentiality agreement. 
 Got anything that looks like a confidentiality agreement with a company called ONSI?  Should have been signed this spring.  Thanks.  Kay 
 Hi Sarah,  Thank you so much for your efforts to get this scheduled.  However, it doesn't look today is going to work.  Since spoke earlier this week, Michael has been accepted to private school, where we believe we will move him.  However, we still haven't determined what to do about speech therapy, and would appreciate the benefit of your evaluation and expertise, especially since Michael is eligible to receive services at VO.  Is it possible to schedule a meeting with that in mind?  Thanks again,  Kay 
 FYI, and for us to discuss. 
 fyi.  I faxed it to David, originals being sent to you. 
 Brian,  Could you please email the electronic version of the GE contracts which are ready for execution?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Just a reminder that the Enron team is planning to meet a half hour before the call (330).  Kay 
 In connection with the attached, please note the highlighted language at the end of the document.  We couldn't decide what it means, so it needs to be re-written or deleted.  The party we are contracting with is Virginia Power, not NC Power. If we misstated this previously, we would like to clear it up now.  Thank you,  Kay Mann 
 Karen,  It appears to me that this version of the document allocates a new risk to Enron:  risk of damage to a certain road during construction.  It would seem that the responsibility to repair it should be limited to damage done as a result of the construction.  Also, it is unclear as written as to whether we can repair it ourselves, or whether the City fixes it and sends us the bill. What is the intent?  Thank you,  Kay 
 Here are my observations:  I'm not certain that an Enron entity will provide a performance guaranty.  I agree that the commercial deal is that a portion of the fee will be at risk for a performance problem.  Is the reference to the "State" a reference to the DPUC or CRRA?  As far as I know, the CRRA deal is still in the works, with nothing but a confidentiality agreement (with an exclusivity provision) signed, and in my opinion should not be presented as being a done deal.  Kay 
 I'm good anytime after 900 am on Monday.  Kay 
 Here's a marked version of suggested changes.  Would it be preferable to be consistent with the use of the names VEPCO and Capacity and Energy Agreement?    Kay 
 Good afternoon,  Our son Michael will be in your class beginning next Monday, October 2, so I wanted to introduce myself.  I hope we will get to meet in person soon.  Is there anything you would like to suggest that we do to make the transition easier?  I picked up the package of information today, and will read it tonight. l won't ask any questions until I do my homework.  I look forward to seeing you soon!  Kay 
 1.  I haven't seen the paperwork on the name change.  I asked around yesterday, and I have someone checking it out.  Initially going through Corp (vs. ENA) made it a bit more complicated to track down.  2.  I believe I sent you a form services agreement to review.  I think that the parameters for performing certain services can be captured by way of reference to a named guideline or procedure, or by attachment as an exhibit. I will resend the email for your easy reference.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  Don't have the answers to your questions, but I wanted you to see the attachment to Gregg's email.  It outlines some of the commercial aspects of the loan agreement, although it might not be in a form you can easily decipher.  Kay 
 So do we now have an Enovate/enovate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 I had the definite impression he was going to call you.  I also know he is working on a different deal on an impossible schedule. You know the drill.  Bart is a Washington & Lee guy.  He is older than Ned, so he didn't go to school with him.  Just a little trivia...  Kay 
 Sounds like progress. 
 No response required - fyi. 
 Heather,  This is a rough cut of a services agreement.  Since the loan agreement, services agreement and LLC agreement are all pieces of the same puzzle, I thought I would send it your way.  Kay 
 Hi Fred,  I will check with Herman again to get his final comments.  Kay 
 Can Legal be far behind? 
 I'm headed to a lengthy conference call, but I wanted you to have this info.  Anything going on with Manlove?  Kay 
 FYI.  I don't think it will take long to get a draft.  I'm happy to coordinate with Sarah and Accounting.  Is it Mary Lynn that I should talk to?  Kay 
 I have not dropped it off yet.  Can he be set up for Monday? 
 FYI. 
 I working with outside counsel to get a draft of the revolver prepared.  She (outside counsel, Heather Brown) has summarized the information I have given her as follows (see below), and I would appreciate your input as to whether it is accurate.  Once we get a draft we can sit down and discuss it, and make sure we are on the right track. I believe Gregg said that this needs to be in place within 2 weeks.  Thanks,  Kay -------------------------------------------------------------------  Thanks for the information.  If I deciphered this correctly, this is going to be what I would call an "autoborrow" facility ... Enovate's cash flow is swept into an account.  Each day:  (i) if Enovate's cash position is short (and availability remains under the loan agreements) advances are made under each loan agreement (probably directly into the acount), and (ii) if Enovate's position is long, the positive balance of the account is applied towards the outstanding loan balances, if any.  We'll need to get minimum target amounts (i.e., do you really want them paying down $1.00 of each loan?) from the business people.  Based on the foregoing, I suspect that these will be single-lender, prime rate based loan agreements (otherwise it would be a huge operational headache).  Once you confirm the single lender part, that will be enough preliminary information for me to start on a loan agreement. 
 How could I resist such an opportunity?    Enron North America Corp. 
 With a typical contractor a tight schedule usually increases the cost. You might check to see how much a delay in COD to, say Aug 1,  might lower the cost of construction.  Not to say that it will, but it might. 
 BUSY, as usual.  Kay 
 I thought Tom wanted to change the time.  Did he get with you on that? 
 Hi Heather,  Any idea what the analyst starting salary might be?  If not, can you point me in the right direction?  I know you don't have anything better to do, but I really appreciate it.  Kay 
 Heather,  Just go to your DASH form file and pull out language from another deal just like this one.  That's how we handle things on the 38th floor.  Kay 
 A more lucid explanation of the issues. 
 Lee,  Can you see me a Word (or WordPerfect) file for this letter?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Per your request.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I haven't seen the 501D contract yet.  Is it on its way or perhaps been misdirected?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Paul,  I've been reviewing the draft facilities agreement, which is now getting to be a hot topic.  One thing to keep in mind is that we would really prefer that the facility agreements not refer to the May 12 agreement, if this is possible.  Could you please give this some thought and review the document with this in mind?  I look forward to discussing this with you soon.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Paul,  This will need the same facilities agreement treatment as the GE contract we are working on.  Thanks,  Kay 
 3841 is my office number. 
 I've made a stab at revising Lee's letter. 
 Heather,  I haven't heard back from anyone on the single lender issue, but I say go for it, assuming a single lender deal.  At least that gives us something to work with.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Allyson,  Here's a suggestion on the language to address the issue of termination "for any reason".  On page 3, line 18, insert after "limits", deleting the remainder of the sentence:  Applicant's requirement to notify the Commission to instances where the Agreement is terminated as a result of Applicant's default.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Are we good to go?  I forgot to show  my husband your pictures.  If it is ok with you, I'll bring them back on Monday.  Have a great weekend,  Kay 
 For those who don't have these numbers, here we go:  Home    713 973 6325 Home fax  713 973 0287 Cell   713 304 8716  I have Ozzie and Heather's contact numbers as well, but don't see any reason to take up their time unless something commercial arises.  Jeff, I'll be glad to hold you numbers in trust as well.  I have nothing special planned (there goes my wild image), so I'm available anytime.  I'm going to read over the latest versions, keeping in mind that the commercial deal is done.  Kay 
 Good luck, and fire (release, shoot, fling) straight!  Kay 
 For your information. Please call me with any comments.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It took place.  We made some progress in indemnity and LOL.  The carve outs from the LOL remain an open issue.  We had some helpful discussion about assignment, but I'm not sure how much progress was made.  You were assigned NO tasks this week!  Kay 
 Stuart has finished his review of the PR invoices, and not the massive pile is on my desk. 
 Here's the VEPCO version. 
 Much grass. 
 Please start me a Fuel Cell notebook, beginning with the clean versions of the documents listed below (don't need the redline).  The binder needs to be at least a 2 inch binder.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Scott has given me some comments on the LOI, which I hope to discuss and incorporate today.  Does anyone else have any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there.  I made changes in accordance with our meeting on Friday.  Please let me know what other changes you would like to see.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 FYI.  When do you think you'll be done?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I suggest the changes as shown on the attached.  Chris is researching a drawing number so that we have them committed to a certain specification.    I've added the concept of a date certain for the delivery.  I'm referring to these as "Equipment" and part of the "Units" so it is clear that the warranties apply.  Is there any change to the sound guaranty level (or other guarantees) for the units utilizing these stacks?   Kay 
 Always! 
 FYI 
 I thought someone from Trading should give this a look.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm out October 9 and 27. 
 I'm trying to pick a favorite. 
 Here is the ABB contract you referenced in your email.  I am working on a 97-10 compliant EPC contract for NEPCO/EECC.  However, I wonder about the challenges presented with the need for NEPCO to enter into subcontracts and purchase orders which preserve the accounting treatment all the way down the line. This is a very tall order given the contracting environment.  Your email is an excellent description of the challenges of doing a deal off the balance sheet, and worthy of further discussion.  Kay 
 I'm just afraid to say anything about anything because of what you said the other night about, gee you can't do anything right.  I guess I'm a little upset because you comment on how I do things (I don't even try to fold clothes, pack the car, unpack the groceries, load the dishwasher, etc.) but if I say something about how you do something, you get upset and say you can't do anything right (so I should feel guilty about saying anything about anything).  Gotta go.  We can talk about it later if you want.  Love,  Kay 
 Here's the latest revision inserting the drawing numbers.  Is it ready to go to GE?    Scott, payment for change orders is addressed in the contract. 
 We seem to missing the termination agreement.  I'll check with Brian.  Kay 
 I would think cocktail attire.  What time are the receptions? 
 Just a small piece of internal discussions regarding the revolving line of credit and how it ties in with the enovate bank account. 
 Roxanne,  Thank you for calling last night. We took Michael out for dinner to celebrate his first day at SF, and missed your call. Michael had a great first day. All the kids drew portraits of him, and he got a big kick out of it.  I noticed on the class list that you live in Spring Valley.  We live on Inverness Park Way, and used to live on Cedarspur a few years back.  It is nice to know that Michael has a classmate in the neighborhood.  Again, thanks for calling.  Kay 
 Tough time of day to dress for, but I think  you have it figured out. 
 I don't have a lot of formal stuff that fits me now - I've gained weight in the past 18 months.  I may do a little shopping. 
 Hi Scott,  Here's a revised draft for your review and comment.  I've taken out the balance of plant warranty because you raised a valid point about them knowing what BOP entails.  So now it is just a warranty. I've also been more explicit about our fee.  I think there's a bit of confusion embedded in the document because of the uncertainty about who is doing what, but I haven't come up with a simple fix yet. 
 Sorry, didn't mean to forget you. 
 That's a good one. 
 I knew you guys would hit a home run!  I have a conference call at 330, then I'll come see you.  Kay 
 Brian,  The termination agreement needs to be signed at the same time.  Here is what I have as the latest draft:    I never received a copy of the assignment and assumption agreemen, and the legal assistants have not been able to locate it.  Has anyone found it?  If not, we need to get a copy from GE.  Kay 
 Please print for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 More to go with that other print job. 
 Warning: I have not even opened this to see how it looks.  The goal is to delete the reference to WestLB and the master agreement, so I know there is work to be done along those lines.  At least this is a start.  Kay 
 This is for the PSCO project, and Ben wants Chris to sign it.  I'm thinking that this is Dale's project, so I'm sending him a copy.  If it looks ok to you I will clean it up and send it to GE for their review.  Kay 
 Maybe I'll get your address right this time. 
 Jerry,  Thanks.  I'll give it a look immediately, and will discuss the game plan with Heather.  Congratulations on wrapping up the alliance and associated agreements.  Looks like an interesting and exciting opportunity for both companies.  Kay 
 Kent,  Here's a revised change order #2.  Please let me know if you have any comments:    Thanks,  Kay 
 Kent,  Here's a revised letter agreement.  It is being reviewed internally, but I wanted to get it to you today anyway, as I will be out of the office beginning tomorrow around 1100.  Kay 
 FYI, I am attaching the current term sheet for the Rio Gen EPC contract which is has been approved by AA and I believe Global Finance.  Kay 
 Peoples stuff. 
 Here is the current rev of the EECC "standard" form which I am reviewing/massaging in connection with the 97 10 exercise.  It includes the exhibits, where I think you can find something useful.  If this doesn't help, please let me know and I will check elsewhere.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mark,  I've reviewed the fax sent yesterday with the Proposed Conditions to Special Use for Livingston Energy Center.  Is Titan Land Development the Owner?  Will it be necessary for Titan to make the escrow payment prior to exercising the relevant land options and the commencement of construction?  I do not know whether these agreements and/or the making of the deposit would impact the balance sheet treatment, but I understand from Fred that we are not concerned about the balance sheet treatment for this project.  Kay 
 Please order me a 3 hole punch and more letter size red ropes.  Thanks!!  Kay 
 The water could be 100 feet or more away from the dock, depending on how long it blows that hard.   I hope our shrimp come back. 
 There's a rumor going around that you are signing up people for the pilot= =20 program. If true, I would love to volunteer, as I work at home frequently.  Thanks, Kay 
 Gregg,  It is my understanding that Enron and Peoples intend to discuss the most appropriate form of ISDA documentation for enovate to use. Peoples has forwarded a form for our information, and we would like to reciprocate.  Therefore, attached per your request are sample ISDA documents as a starting point for discussions.  Since these are forms, there will certainly be aspects which will need revision based on discussions between Peoples and Enron.  These documents should be treated as confidential.    Kay 
 Hi Ben,  Janet has requested that we set you up with signature authority for development documents.  How do you want you name to read on the corporate documents?  Thanks,  Kay 
 We are very early in the process on this one, so you haven't missed out on any opportunities!  Kay 
 I volunteered to be a guinea pig. 
 I've already discussed this with Mark H. and he thought it had already been done. I haven't found any indication that it has been done.  I'll follow up immediately.  Kay 
 Deb,  I'll get you the particulars, but you get the general idea. I'll have to check on the expense account stuff.  Kathleen, you  haven't done any thing with this request yet, have you?  Could you get the  names of the active development companies so that we can address those, as well as ENA?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lisa,  I haven't seen a copy of the Sept 28th letter yet, but I've been at an offsite, so I might have missed something.  I'll get you a copy of CO #1.  CO #2 has been transmitted to GE for comment.  I'll have to confirm the status of the MOU and CO#3/#4.  These have bounced around a bit, so I need to nail it down so I don't give you bad information.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Not this week.  Maybe next week. 
 Hi.  Just checking in.  Michael and I are having a nice morning.  I've got my computer plugged in to my home line, but my cell phone is on.   Michael has an appointment at 230, so I will be out of a while.  This is great stay home weather.  I have fires in the fireplaces.  All I'm missing is the smell of bread baking!  Kay 
 I thought the conference was pretty good.  I had a great room, with a HUGE jacuzzi tub.  Did anyone get promoted?  No one said anything about promotions, so I figured nothing interesting happened in that regard.  I've been throwing out accumulated paper today, cleaned out my person, got out some clothes to give to the maid.  It all feels good.  I'm going to do email now.  See you tomorrow!  Kay 
 Make that cleaned out my purse, not my person.  Geez. 
 I'm not at the office today, but I probably have a copy of the Option.  I don't recognize the Memorandum of Option to Purchase.  Do you have a copy of it to see if it gets my memory working? 
