  Yes, this deal should go to AEP with the HPL transaction.  The reason there are no forward volumes booked is because they have a monthly election to nominate baseload gas daily priced gas or wait and nominate daily volumes priced at gas daily.  At any rate there is no way to know in forward months what they are going to take subject to contractual maximums.  If you have any further questions let me know.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Attached are the rates for April.  I know the King Ranch and Agua Dulce rates to HSC are a mute point with the work on the A/S Line.  Needless to say we will be a seller either during Bidweek and/or on a daily basis on A/S South.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Fine.  Tom 
 If you recall there was a physical term supply transaction done at Thompsonville with EEX during the time you were trying to get the letter of intent with AEP done.  I thought that there were some unique financing issues that required Enron to retain the transaction.  It appears that is not the case and since this supply is at a split connect location with HPL it should probably go with the sale.  I just want to make sure that the swap is done correctly to keep Enron whole.  Any thoughts?  Tom 
 Thanks for the info.  I wanted to pick your brain about cars for Mom and Dad.  My initial research of Large Cars and Luxury Cars in Consumer Report did not yield a lot of obvious choices to me.  I only considered CR "Recomended " cars.  There are a few options in the $20,000 to $25,000 range for example the Ford Crown Victoria/Mecury Grand Marquis; but I do not believe the cars in this price range will give them the same luxury and comfort that they are used to.  The only car in the $30,000 to $35,000 range is the Buick Park Avenue which I think will be a pretty close fit to what they are driving now but I'm not sure they want to spend this kind of money.  Of course the really nice luxury cars that will sure to satisfy them for example, the Lincoln Town Car and Cadillac Deville are in the $40,000 to $45,000 range.  Dad said he spent $23,000 for his Olds 98 in 1991 and would like to have something that rides as quite and comfortable as it but not spend big bucks.  My plan at this time is to focus on the Crown Victoria/Grand Marquis and the Park Avenue first and see if they come close to meeting Mom and Dad's needs.  Any Thoughts?  Love,  Tom 
 I am generally available in the afternoons after 3:00.  Have your assistant schedule some time either this week or next so we can talk about the Wellhead Book.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Yes if they are for Las Vegas.  There was a team building trip approved by John at the beginning of the year.  Are you planning to put together the monthly EOL volume actuals versus performance targets as described in the 2001 Plan?  Thanks,  Tom 
 I received notice today that Elsa Villareal , Gary Lamphier and Ed Gottlob have accepted jobs with AEP as part of the sale of HPL (not to leave until closing).    This means that my staffing needs after closing are as follows:  1 Lead Physical Trader 1 Physical Trader 1 Basis Trader (or at least an asst. trader)  1 Industrial/Utility Middle Marketer/Originator 1 Supply Middle Marketer/Originator  I met with Jeanie Slone and the internal recruiters today to start the external search process for an experienced physical trader and industrial marketer. I am hoping the other positions can be filled internally with associates and/or internal commercial personnel.  I delivered employment contracts to Janet Wallis, Jim Schwieger, Stacy Neuweiller, Eric Bass and Daren Farmer.  They all wanted to review the documents and talk to me next week about it.  Janet did not give a good feeling that she would be willing to sign it.  I know that she has been contacted by companies other  than AEP about job opportunities and I know other Enron Units have talked to her as well.  Although we met Jim's numbers he is still hung up on the super vesting language for options; I'll keep working on him.  The others I did not get any read on, but I will talk to them next week.  Given the severe shortage of talent that my desk is going to experience from the HPL transaction I want you to consider realocating experienced talent from other trading and middle marketing desks to the Texas desk.  I will follow up with you when I return from vacation on Monday, March 19th.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I have asked Dave to set up a meeting with you and Barbara on this subject.  I thought there were exclusions relative to EOL transactions and points that do not directly impact HPL.  The problem for me is that if I want to do terms deals in these locations now I want to be able to keep them as ENA and not transfer them with the HPL sale.  Let's talk as soon as possible so I can have clear understanding of the rules of engagement for ENA now and after the close.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Everything other than the LDC business has been done in the name of HPL even if not physically located on HPL.  I want to start intiating transactions that are not physically on HPL in the name of ENA so they would not have to transfer as part of the sale (ie. Waha, Katy Tailgate and Carthaqe Hub).  I understand Dave Baumbach has arranged a meeting with you and Jeff Hodge to discuss.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Pagers, Cell Phones, etc should be cancelled as of closing which I believe to be June 1st, I will let you know if there are any changes.  When I arrange for new traders I will need computers for them.  I have talked to Ed and Brian and they have agreed to give me 4 computers back prior to closing.  I anticipate needing 2 of them prior to the end of the month.  How much lead time do you need to have them brought down here?  Did you get the message out about customer entertainment?  Thanks,  Tom 
 I am in ENA Gas Trading.  I believe I am getting e-mails for Martin Thomas.  If that is who you are trying to communicate with please check your name selection.  This is happening a lot.  If know others that may be trying to communicate with Martin Thomas please pass the word.  thanks,  Tom 
 Jim and I will be on vacation from March 12th thru March 16th.  Jim took a lap top computer with him and is reachable by cell phone.  Kim has our pager and cell phone numbers.  I will be calling in to see how Eric is doing and to see if any of my folks have any questions about their employment contracts.  I asked Philip to keep an eye on Eric as well.  Eric sat in the morning meeting today and will fill for me next week.  Thanks,  Tom 
   http://biz.yahoo.com/bizwk/020206/wrc0_mh1gmx_k3odbvzeog_1.html 
 We can try.  The guy who managed this deal for the desk left the Company but I thought he handed it off to Rick Hill in the estate.  I will talk to the rest of the guys on the desk and find out what we have on it and call you.  My basic understanding of this deal is that we provided services only and are agent for the plant.  I believe Rick Hill is the commercial contact on the deal so he should be able to provide more insight to the whole deal.  I will get back to you.  Tom 
 Bryan,  Yes, I would like to talk to you.  I think it will make sense to have an analyst in some capacity.  I didn't realize that you would making this decision so soon.  Maybe we can talk after bidweek (early next week).  If that timing does not work let me know.  I am still not sure if or when Lavorato is going to give me a Trading Track analyst/associate.  But I still would like to talk to you before you make a decision.  Tom 
 Jeanie,  I have enclosed Sherrie Trigg's resume.  She is interested in a Recruiter position, job # 00001088305, Traci Warner supervisor.  She is also interested in a Specialist/Sr. Specialist position in HR, job #0000108135, Laurie Miller supervisor.  Her experience has been in marketing, human resources and recruiting.  If you can do anything to help I sure would appreciate it.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I received a call back on the HPL on EOL subject from Ed and it appears that AEP intends to replicate what we have done on EOL via ICE.  Tom 
 Tommy,  I agree.  The traders need access only to the physcal trading systems.  They are only trading next day physical gas for the remainder of May, so they do not need access to any other systems.  Thanks,  Tom 
 John,  I will need 1 senior analyst and possibly could fill some of my cash trading needs with an additional associate.  I have talked to Bryan Hull (third year analyst) about a one year rotation at our desk.  He spent his first rotation in the Texas Risk Group and did a great job.  His second rotation has been in the EOL Marketing Group.  He is interested in trading and is a sharp guy.  I would like to see some of the other folks coming in just to compare against him and to see if using an associate is a viable option for my cash trading needs.  Tom 
 Yes, Dave's reporting relationship and cost center has not changed; his is just physically moving down here since we have the space.  Tom 
 John,  My suggestion is to have the offsite to be social in nature.  I am sure that many of these people do not know each other and an environment where the group can mingle and enjoy some fun activities would be a great way to become more familiar with each other.  If we must have meetings/presentations, have them done by outside speakers so the group does not have to prepare presentations.  As far as where to go: Austin, San Antonio or Galveston are nice and will be reasonable for a group this size.  If you are ok with spending more the golfing, fishing and Spa activities in Florida (Miami, Key West, Tampa/St. Pete) are great.  Also golfing, rafting and Spa's in Colorado would be good too.  I don't have a strong preference for where we go but I do believe that people would appreciate a focus on fun and getting to know each other.  Tom 
 Jim,  Noon brunch would probably work better for me considering Matthew's nap time and that Monday is a school day.  I will handling the kids solo since Lyne will be at MD Anderson with Elaine that day, so I hope everyone is patient with Matthew as sometimes he can be a little rowdy at restaurants (he has been known to inflict fear in waiters, waitresses and owners alike).  Remeber those days........  Tom 
 Works for me.  Tom 
 No she has not called.  Thanks, you always seem to know the right thing to do.  Thanks for covering for me.  Tom 
 How did Daren leave this with you guys?  Let's talk.  Tom 
 Please forward the information to Eddie Leschber and Laynie East.  I know the origination was classified as Gas Assets but their transaction count was included in our budget since all of their pricing is structured in our group.  If those transactions are not included in our count then our middle marketing transaction targets for the 1st and 2nd quarters need to move to Gas Assets.  Ask Eddie and Laynie how they want to handle it.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Sorry for the delay.  There will will be four from my family (including matthew).  We will be there.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Maybe we should meet.  I am not sure what Dave has told you but my intent i= s for at least the near term that his responsiblities not change.  My objec= tive in moving him on the desk is to provide an opportunity for him to have= a better perspective in what we do.  I told him that as he has time I coul= d utilize him for analysis or other projects but not at the expense of his = current job.  The bottom line is that Dave is very good at his current role= and he has expressed interest in trading.  I viewed this move as an opport= unity to evaluate his trading potential while he is given the opportunity t= o see what trading is really like;  but I have no immediate plans to move D= ave into trading.  If the time ever comes that I would like bring him into = trading I will certainly coordinate the transition with you.  I was under t= he impression that Dave cleared all this with you before he moved.  It appe= ars that he may have made this physical move more meaningful than it is and= certainly more than I intend at this time.  How do you want to handle this= ?  Tom 
 Brian,  Don't worry about comprimising our trading position because I think AEP via the HPL employees already have a general idea of what we have been doing with storage; plus they will need to know as of close anyway.  Tom 
 Barbara Gray has informed me that you have been inquiring about modifying the Texas EOL physical products to ENA as the counterparty for June.  The products you have to be concerned about are Waha and Exxon Katy Tailgate.  The other physical products are HPL related and will no longer be used.  There is a slight possibility that the Agua Dulce product may continue but I will contact you if it needs to be changed to ENA.  Our need for these ENA products will be approximately May 16th, when we want to roll out our June products.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Tom  x 33079 
  It is my understanding that five AEP employees will in Enron's offices starting May 15th or 16th to get a better understanding of how to do the HPL trading and to direct the HPL bidweek activities for June (assuming close occurs for June).  To protect Enron's proprietary trading information for May and June I would like the AEP employees not to be allowed in the offices until after 10:30 AM for the duration of their stay.  From 7:30 - 10:30 AM is when the May business occurs and it is also when the communication occurs with HPL employees.  Another issue is what happens if we believe that close is going to occur June 1 and then late in bidweek it gets delayed until July;  who wears the risk positions?  My suggestion is that if AEP is going to set up HPL activities for June then they should wear the risk positions.  The way to accomplish this is to do the following:  1.  The initial core term index physical position plus all thirty day index deals will be swapped out at gas daily index at the nearest relevant gas daily index 	     point (ie. HSC or Waha) after considering any volumes to be targeted for storage injections.  2.  Volumes targeted for storage injections up to 400,000/d purchased on IFGMR HSC index related pricing will be sold to AEP in the ground at June index 	     + actual storage costs.  Volumes targeted for storage are those volumes that can phyically get to Bammel storage.  Examples  Case 1 Core term index position    100,000/d long  (50,000/d Waha, 50,000/d Texoma) Thirty day index position    200,000/d long  (volumes at Thompsonville and Katy) Total Index Position           300,000/d long  Vols. targeted for storage   200,000/d  Enron sells AEP 200,000/d in storage at June IFGMR HSC index plus storage costs.  Any additional volumes would be sold to AEP at July index.  Enron sells 50,000/d gas daily swap at IFGMR Waha and 50,000/d gas daily swap at IFGMR HSC.  Case 2 Core term index position     200,000 short (50,000/d Waha, 150,000/d HSC) Thirty day index position     400,000 long   (50,000/d Waha, 100,000/d Agua Dulce, 100,000/d Thompsonville, 150,000/d Katy) Total Index Position            200,000 long  Vols. targeted for storage    200,000/d  Enron sells AEP 200,000/d in storage at June IFGMR HSC index plus storage costs. 
 I reviewed Article 4 and the disclosure schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and see no changes necessary related to the areas of my responsibility.  Tom 
 Fine with me. 
 Ok.  Tom 
 I will probably have my needs met by August.  My interest has been in Analyst/Associates coming off rotations that are available in June.  I have been working with Neil Davies to get this done.  I will let you know if I have further needs.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Karen,  Any chance she can start sooner?  Can we leave her assigned to me until the end of June?  I am not trying to turn away help because I definitely need it;  I am struggling with her starting in August.  Tom 
 Sorry, I don't think I said her name;  it is Mary Martin.  I left a message for her so I bet you will be getting her resume in a day or so.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Thank you.  I will tell her.  Tom 
 From my perspective the Waha, Exxon Katy Tailgate and the new Carthage Tailgate product should be converted to ENA on the 18th if we find out that the close will occur June 1st.  Since the bidweek procedures we are proposing include AEP directing HPL activities for June during bidweek if we determine that close will occur June 1st, then it seems only logical that we should start operating as ENA at the same time.  Thanks,  Tom 
 An issue has come up that I did not consider in my prior discussions of how bidweek for June should be managed prior to knowing if we close or not.  Physical deals for June have started to happen already.  If close does occur and all the deals prior to May 18th are done as HPL then ENA will miss out on a lot of potential business for June.  So I believe a fair solution is to have all deals in locations that are most relevant to HPL (ie. Agua Dulce, Thompsonville, Oasis Katy, Lonestar Katy, Texoma) be done as HPL; deals in a location such as Katy Tailgate that is relevant to HPL and ENA will be split evenly HPL and ENA and written up as two separate purchases.  Waha is not considered here since AEP already has a Waha trader who is active in the market.  Thanks,  Tom 
 You have sent an E-mail to Thomas Martin not Martin Thomas. 
 Fantastic!  I am happy that it ultimately worked out.  Welcome aboard.  Tom 
 Should Jim Schwieger be included as he has been in prior PRC meetings.  He knows all the gas traders and middle marketers and has been valuable to this process in the past.  Tom 
 Seems like HPL/AEP needs to get a transportation agreement on Oasis.  As part of the June transition ENA will not be doing any bidweek business at points other than Waha, Katy Tailgate and Carthage.  Therefore even if we wanted to cover this deal (which we don't), we can't.  Let me know if there is a problem with them getting there own transportation agreement.  Tom 
 Any thoughts?  Tom 
 This is very hard to read with all of the cutting and pasting.  I made one change to the definition of the 400,000/d of injection capacitiy.  Also I do not see anything that addresses how AEP deals with their June volumes in Bammel (assuming we never close).  We talked about them having to withdraw their volumes rateably starting on September 1 and concluding October 31.  Transportation rates would need to negotiated.  Tom 
 Has there been a date set for the next Trading Track interviews?  Tom 
 Karen,  Chance Rabon is an Analyst in the Texas Risk Group who is interested in interviewing for the Trading Track Program.  He joined the company in February 2001 from Coastal where he worked in their natural gas risk group.  He seems to be sharp, aggressive and willing to work hard.  Can he still be considered or will he need to wait for the next round?  Tom 
 That should be fine.  Tom 
 If this truly cleans out the closet then it is worth it.  The potential upside of the Entex Audit is more like $2 - $3 million but our ability to recover that much is questionable given the weak contract language for resolving non-performance.  In the past ENA and Entex resolved volume shortfalls under the term contract by extending the term.  Obviously we will not have that remedy.  Do not let AEP separate other issues away from this and try to pick us to death.  Tom 
 Todd,  This a resume that I received directly.  Tom 
 What ages? Are there organized activities for them as well?  If not I think they will get bored after an hour or two.  I have not generally done it because I did not have time to keep up with them for such a long period of time.  Maybe someone can bring them up before lunch for a while.  Tom 
 No thanks.  Tom 
 I know you are very busy with UBS stuff, so I e-mailed him just to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Thanks for the invite, but I can't come during trading hours.  This was a h= uge accomplishment and all those involved in getting this done should be co= mplimented.  Tom 
 Elsa,  I was just made aware yesterday that I am to provide my direct reports the following material.  Please make a cursory review and tell Anne Koehler by noon today if you have any matters that should be added to the schedule or corrections that should be made.  I don't anticipate that you will have any issues but I am required to provide this to you.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I will not be able to attend.  Tom 
 I have executed this and returned to Anne.  Tom 
 Mike,  Please include my home E-Mail address in your weekend weather updates.  It is tmartin3079@msn.com 
 Any response yet from John regarding Jim Schwieger being part of the PRC process.  I think he should be included.  Please advise.  Tom 
  You got the wrong guy.  Thomas Martin 
 You got the wrong guy.  Thomas Martin 
 If Ina says she has coverage then fine by me.  You also may want to get in the habit of checking with Brian as a courtesy.  Have fun.  Tom 
  Robert,  Jeanie Slone has been in contact with you on my behalf about a clerical error that occurred when I tried to roll my remaining ESOP shares into the 401 K plan back in the August to September time frame.  She indicated that there may be reason to believe that I will be reimbursed for this error but you were waiting for further information on the matter.  Given that I will be going with the sale of the trading business to UBS in early to mid February, I wanted to get this situation cleaned up by then if at all possible.  What steps do we need to go through to get closure on this matter?  Is there anything I can do to help (ie. explain in person what happened)?  Any explanation that you can give as to how and when this error gets fixed will be greatly appreciated.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Irma,  I respect the fact that a mistake was made, my problem is that the mistake causes me to have to wait until November 20th to get it fixed.  It seems that you could have called me if you had a question about the form since it was turned in at least six weeks ago.  So what are my options other than waiting until November 20th?  Tom 
 Thanks  Tom 
 Sorry, the last two trades were Cal 02; I don't think I said what term they were in the last E-Mail.  Tom 
 We did the following trades this morning:  You Buy  At 8:45         100 Jan NYMEX @ $3.395  At 8:50          50 Nov NYMEX @ $3.075  At 9:11          5,000/d NYMEX @ $3.335  At 9:17          5,000/d NYMEX @ $3.355   MY backoffice will put them in.  Tom 
 If you don't know, you should know by now that you never have to apologize to me.  Tom 
 Thanks for the update.  Allison, I hope you start feeling better soon.  Matthew, thank you for looking after your sister.  Daddy 
 Whatever you think, maybe eat at 5:30 to 6:00.  I will grill if you want me to.  Tom 
 Any questions or further thoughts on what we talked about last week.  Tom 
 It looks like Joe has an expense report I need to review.  Let's discuss tomorrow.  Also Louise mentioned in the staff meeting that we are going to be more directly accountable and able to control our allocated costs such as IT and logistics costs next year.  Please ask Laynie to give a detail of our budgeted allocated costs such as IT, logistics, etc for next so that we can review it.  Tom 
 Fine with me.  As I told you last night I am having dinner with our future Enron gas and power traders in the "Trading Track" program at Nino's at 6:00 PM.  Just to be safe, I probably won't be home until after the kids bedtime.  Tom 
 Thank you I will call her.  Tom 
 Thank you.  Tom 
 Laura,  Can you put me down for vacation November 5th.  If schedules conflict with others on the desk I need to be out the afternoon for sure (Allison's school function).  Tom 
 Don,  We have not heard of this guy.  It looks like his most recent experience has been managing Coastal's refinery gas supply activities.  Unfortunately the people who have the most history with industrial and refinery gas buyers went with the HPL sale.  Tom 
 The 29th is OK for me other than it is NX1 for Natural Gas.  Starting at 3:00 makes it possible but 4:00 would be better or even the 30th at 3:00 would be better.  I am assuming that a lot of thought has gone in to picking this day and other conflicts exist.  The other gas traders are going to have the same issue with this time so if it is the only time that works for everybody then I'll be there at 3:00.  Tom 
 Maybe the next step is to dig into the allocation methodology that Daniel uses to see if it assumes the correct number of people.  Then convert the monthly allocation amount to a cost per person and do the same for your other analysis so we can compare apples to apples.  When you combine origination and trading we are likely to exceed 15 people.  My guess is that we are being allocated costs based on too many people (Pre HPL Sale).  Tom 
 At this point I do not plan to attend.  I have not had an opportunity to take Lavo's pulse to see if this is a must attend.   Tom 
  Yes I will attend.  Tom 
 If he is coming into the office why don't you set up a schedule like you did for Morris including myself and Jim.  Tom 
 I know nothing. 
 This is your internal competition.  If you have any dirt on any of these people please let Karen know.  Just kidding.  Tom 
 Jeanie,  I know I am probably becoming a pain in the butt about this ESOP clerical error issue but I would like to get this wrapped up before we go to UBS.  I do not believe that I will get any attention after I am no longer an Enron employee.  Should I contact Robert Jones directly?  Tom 
 Lucky you.  Tom 
 Fine with me as long as you have someone to cover.  How is your lunch analysis going?  Tom 
 The only change I see needing to be made is you said letter "dated August 27, 2002" instead of "August 27, 2001" , but we knew what you meant.  Everything else looked great.  Tom 
 I don't think we are interested in Hockey but Texans may be of interest.  Send an E-mail to Redmond for us to discuss.  Maybe we can share with another desk.  Tom 
 Jeanie,  Can you send me Jim's evaluation form so I can write his midyear review?  John was out today so I did not get to ask about feedback on Jim.  Tom 
 That is fine.  Tom 
 Lyne,  Mom called me today to ask if we would be available to join them Sunday morning December 16th as Dad is receiving an award at Church from the "Dominican Family".  She pointed out that day is the day that you and the girls are joining Mom for the Christmas function at Jones Hall.  Let's talk tonight.  Tom 
 I talked to Brian and he and I agreed to the concept but we want it to more simple (ie. less expensive).  We are thinking about just getting together and have some beers at Cabo's while signing Christmas cards.  No catering, just a few drinks and maybe some appetizers off the menu.  The traders probably don't have many if any customers that are not already covered by Brian's group but check with Eric, Joe, Charlie, Daren and Dave.  Tom 
 Thanks for the info.  Call me today when you get some time I need you to look something up on the computer.  Tom 
 Ok, I will try to take a look at it this afternoon or tonight.  Tom 
 I left you a voicemail as well.  I just wanted to drop you a line to tell you that it appears the ESOP rollover into Savings Plan ocurred as we discussed last week.  I got into the Savings Plan on Friday 11/23 and moved the Enron shares to Stable Assets also as we discussed.  It appears that the price used was Monday's close of $4.01 instead of Friday's close of $4.71.  So where do we go from here?  I am assuming per our previous meeting that whether $4.01 or $4.71 is used; that one of these prices will be used to keep me whole versus a price sometime in September (probably September 30th) when the ESOP shares should have been put into the Savings Plan.  Please call me at you earliest convenience to resolve this.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I am sorry I forgot to update you.  Right now I am planning to be out the 12th, 13th, 14th and 17th.  The 17th is for sure the rest is tenative.  My plan is to take 3 to 5 days sometime the first two weeks of December.  Tom 
 I was not aware that the market closed at 1:00 on Friday 11/23.  Funny we did not discuss this when we talked on the phone on Wednesday.  How does this impact the bigger issue that needs to be resolved?  Let me know when you get the answer on the rest of the matter.  Thank you for getting back to me so quickly.  Tom 
 You are mistaken.  I have never logged into "iPayit" before, so it impossible that I have an unpaid invoice.  Tom 
 Kelley,  Given our financial situation we did not do any fixed price physical transa= ctions for December so we have no trades to report this month.  Hopefully o= ur situation we be resolved soon so that we can be a part of the process in= the near future.  For whatever it is worth, it that there are some unusual= things happening in the "Fixed Float" markets in Texas particularily at HS= C.  The NYMEX is down 10 cents today yet the HSC fixed float market went fr= om plus 2 cents or $2.336 to $2.345 yesterday to now $2.36 with the Henry H= ub also appearing to be inflated by maintaining a fixed float value of $2.3= 1 again in a falling market.  We feel like we are defenseless because we ha= ve no trades to report and yet have basis and Gas Daily positions and some = trade players know it so they are inflating the prices to hurt us more fina= ncially.  I have no evidence since I was not a participant in the fixed pri= ce physical market this month all I am asking is that you be extra vigilant= in determining the validity of the transactions that are being submitted f= or index consideration.  Thank you,  Tom Martin 
 Brent,  Per our phone conversation Enron agrees to buy back 21,417/d at Carthage for December at IFGMR HSC index - .08.  I have also talked to EPrime who is our supplier and they are buying back this 21,417/d from Enron at IFGMR HSC - .08.  They will subsequently sell the gas to Woodward directly at IFGMR HSC - .08.  Both EPrime and Woodward agree that HSC - .08 is a fair market value for Carthage volumes during bidweek for December.  The purpose of this transaction is to mitigate the risk of physical non-performance by Enron given our current financial condition without impacting the contractual pricing of the deals previously done with Eprime and Woodward respectively.  Regards,  Tom Martin 
 We addressed this yesterday.  I have never signed to iPayit before so it is impossible for me to have an unpaid invoice.  Tom 
 Irma,  I know you guys are vey busy right now on other matters but I am sure that you can appreciate my nerveousness about what you guys are going to me for me.  I still expect Enron to do the right thing a correct the error that was made prior to closing the Savings Plan for the change in administrator.  Please update me on your progress.  Thank you,  Tom 
 You guys keep sending me this message and I keep telling you that I have never used this system.  Please call me and tell what you issue is at ext. 33079 because I have never logged into this system before.  Tom 
 Attached please find my Enron work history.  Can you make it look similar to the others that are being done and combine it with the resume from HR.  Thanks,  Tom 
 No thank you.  tom 
 Save 3 spots for the Texas desk if possible.  Thanks.  Tom 
 Laura,  I can be reached at Home, Pager and Cell Phone in that order.  Also whatever happened to the pager invoice issue, did it get paid or do I need to convert to personal account to keep it?  Tom 
 Laura,  Did you get the time for my interview of the meteorologist tomorrow?  Also I plan to attend the Gas Fundamentals presentation tomorrow afternoon from 2-4 if you can send me a reminder.  Tom 
  Good article on the state of corporate America that caused an 'Enron-like" situation http://www.quicken.com/investments/news/tst/notemplates/frame.dcg?symbol=ENE&ntlink=http://www.thestreet.com/_intuit/funds/meetthestreet/10007532.html 
 I am not familiar with this system but it seems philosophically we should protest even though we don't currently do any business on this pipeline. What do you guys think?  Tom 
 Lyne,  Based on my review it looks like our benefit costs for comparable coverages to what we had with Enron is about $50 higher per month with UBS.  See attachment.  Tom 
 Jim S., Eric B., J. Parks, C. Weldon, D. Farmer, D. Baumbach 
 That is a sensitive question as I have asked you before about us giving up Reuters and getting one Bloomberg monitor.  We have heard nothing since that lady came by took Reuters away and said she would get us Bloomberg. 
 Since Bryan Hull works as an analyst at my desk I would like to discuss the "no" feedback with him.  Please let me know when it is appropriate to do so.  Tom 
 Network:  tmartin, matthe16w EOL Stack: tmartin, houston 
 Probably Thursday noon since some people are planning to be out Friday.  Tom 
 Do I need to do something more with Eric?  I talked to him the other day, trying to reassure him that Lavo realizes the value that he brings to the organization and that he will be taken care of.  Tom 
 Bass and Parks. 
 Could you send me an updated list of the traders remaining vacation days for 2001.  I am hearing a lot of members of the desk wanting to get their vacation by the end of the year.  I want to know what I am dealing with.  Try to include Daren and Dave as well.  Thanks,  Tom 
 It said "may" contain a virus.  Sorry!!!!  I looked at it and it looks fine.  Tom 
 thank you.  Looks like another year where everybody is going to try to get vacation in at the last minute. 
 I am having Daren, Bryan, Dave and Charlie coordinate their vacation days for the rest of the year.  I am having Eric and Joe do the same.  Clearly the calendar does not reflect what these guys will probably want to do by the end of the year.  Tom 
  Please send to the rest of the Texas Desk.  Tom 
 Lyne,  I have 108 hours of vacation left and wanted your input as to how to use some of it.  I will carry over 40 hours to next year.  We are off Christmas Eve.  I was thinking of taking 11/19 off since I have that doctor appointment.  Otherwise maybe 3 to 5 days the first two weeks of December will work.  I may be able to take a half day or two at other times if there is something special you want me to do.  Tom 
 Upon closer examination, more people looking dirty.  Tom 
  John,  A dangerous environment is brewing on the trading floor.  We have very large positions and people are becoming more frustrated with the work environment, uncertain about future employment and now with new information about Lay's "golden parachute", I am concerned that not everyone may act in the best interest of the Company (hero or zero attitude) or at a minimum may not be in the best frame of mind to trade.  I hate to suggest it but do you need to reduce the people allowed to take risk for the Company? (similar to what was done when we sold HPL).  The general feeling is that everyone at the top is taking care of themselves and the "little" people that have been making the money for the Company are left out in the cold.  I also suggest that you move quickly to ensure appropriate compensation for key traders into next year.  I know the first move I suggested would have the effect of reducing morale further but this group has a lot of risk on for people that may not be 100% commited to Enron.  This may be too drastic action at this point but I think it should watched closely. 
 I went over to talk to Laura a little wihile ago and she was crying.  What is wrong?  Is there something I can help with?   Tom 
 Thanks.  I asked her and I couldn't get anything out of her without her getting more emotional, so I decided to back off.  Tom 
 We talked a couple of weeks ago about getting together about the YTD stats for the Texas Gas Traders.  If you don't mind maybe you could E-mail them to me when you get a chance.  Tom 
 When I tried to open it up, my system said that the attachment contained a virus.  Tom 
 Renee,  When are we going to reschedule the meeting to discuss the methodology that you are using to fulfill our "early distribution" from the phantom stock deferal account.  Tom 
 Did you find anything out with Laura.  Tom 
 That is ok.  I was concerned that it was something serious; sounds like little stuff.  Tom 
 I am sorry that you are having problems with Shanna.  I am proud that you are doing the right thing and welcoming a new person at school.  It can be very dificult to be the new kid at a new school.  It sounds like Shanna feels threaten by you and others being friendly to this new girl.  I know it is hard but some how you need to reassure Shanna that you being nice to the new girl does not mean she (Shanna) is less of your friend.  Maybe the best approach is to ask Shanna how she would feel if she had to move to a new school and was treated badly by some of the new girls she met.  You and Shanna have been friends for a long time and you don't want to lose that, but she needs to know that you will continue to welcome new kids that come school and it does not impact your friendship with her.  To answer your question, things are OK.  There is still a lot of uncertainty with the Dynegy and Enron merger and it is not going to be fixed any time soon.  All I can do is try to do the best job I can and let everything else work itself out.  I am going to an NWAL meeting tonight at 7:30 so I will see you probably about bed time.  Thanks for writing to me.  Love,  Dad 
 How come you didn't go to school?  Is it because of your lice? 
 I am fine.  Don't forget that I here only half day tomorrow.  Tom 
 Oops, I can't read you already said that. 
  Do I approve Daren's expense report.  If I do go ahead and approve it.  Tom 
 Looks like another $1.25 Billion write-off coming in the 4th quarter.  Tom 
 Looks like $1.25 billion write-off coming from Marlin and Osprey in 4th quarter.  Tom 
 Dave,  I generally am pretty flexible regarding vacation as long as there is coverage.  I am not sure that after we become UBS if vacation carryover will happen; my guess is that you will receive vacation based only on your years of service with Enron.  Do you know the answer to that queston?  If not I will find out for you.  Given the size of our group now, it will be hard for you and Mike to take four weeks of vacation after we start up again.  I would encourage you guys to take some now before things get busy.  Let's talk.  Tom 
 Cindy,  Since the majority of the division wants Klein High School, I'll live with it.  Becky Miller had a good idea, how about if we see if we can also get their gym so we can have the teams set up in there.  It is not as conveniently located to the pool as Klein Oak's gym is but at least it keeps the teams out of the sun for the day.  What do you think?  Tom  P.S. you either respond to this address (work) or the other address you have for me. 
 I have received it.  Tom 
 It seems like we would have approximately the same cost for air at Klein Oak or Klein..  I guess the question is how much have the pool fees gone up from last year and does that make it too expensive to have air.  Who knows the prices?  Tom 
 I talked to Ina and Eric said he will come in.  The time is apparently between 2:00 and 3:00.  Tom 
 Irma,  Did you get a chance to discuss my ESOP rollover situation with your superiors.  I received an e-mail stating that the new Savings Plan is available early and I would like to get this issue resolved as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Tom Martin Ext. 3-3079 
 I think last year anyway the bulkhead issue only affected relays as we started all individual events from the blocks and move the timers for 25 and 50 yard swims.  No matter, I am over the "Kein Oak" deal and moving on to "Klein" just suggesting we look into the possibility of using their gym for the teams.  I will talk to Becky about the rates and pass it on when we get.  Have a great weekend!  Tom 
 I would like our group to continue to get lunches at their desk if possible.  If other trading desks are not doing this then just the EOL trades.  Talk to Ina and let me know.  Tom 
  Stephanie,  Jim Schwieger and Daren Farmer have left the Company.  I also changes some of the Stack Manager and Web Access settings for some of the other guys.  Call me if you have any questions. 
 Thanks.  I got Jim's and Eric's right after lunch.  Jim was definitely not impressed but he said we would talk tomorrow.  Eric seemed disappointed but I think if we can bump his retention from $50,000 to $75,000 per six months, I think I can get him over the hump.  He is great value if we can get him for that.  Tom 
  John,  You or Greg need to address the various groups with whatever generic information you can as to where we are in the process, expected timeline, hurdles before start up again, starting VAR and general organizational structure.  People are moving from frustration to feeling insulted that they are expected to sit still with no information.  I know you have a lot on your plate but if we really want people to hang in there a little longer before we address each individual's situation they need some sense of when they can expect closure.  Tom 
  Rob,  Lavo has given me the idea that Brian Redmond may not be part of NETCO and it is possible that the Texas Gas Origination business may go away completely.  I would like to talk to you before you make a final decision.  I do not see it as a big money generator but similar to the East and Central it is a source of information for the trading business.  It is even more imperative to have a couple of people talking to producers and customers in Texas because pipeline flow data is not accessible as it is in the interstate market.  My opinion is if you had one person covering the producers and one covering the customers that would give us adequate coverage for information and make a little orig in the process.  Give me a call to discuss at 713-853-3079.  Regards,  Tom 
 Thanks for your help.  Tom 
  Bob,  I talked to Chris about the change of plans.  I am sorry that it did not work out but Dave has more knowledge of the Texas grid and he runs our Waha physical trading activities.  He works well with Mike and he is willing to do whatever we need him to do.  He is spending the rest of the week to suck as much out of Daren as he can.  If there is any training for the logistics systems that he can go to, he should do that as well.  If you have any other recomendations to get him up to speed on the Logistics side I sure would appreciate it.  Tom 
 I am still alive and kicking for now.  We will know more in the next few days.  Tom 
  I am losing my Logistics Manager/Transportation person, Daren Farmer to AEP.  I have talked to Chris Germany about this opportunity and he would like to do this job.  Does this create any problems for you?  Given the current uncertainty about NETCO headcount and considering any transition issues you may have with Chris leaving, I thought we should leave things the way they are for now but develop a transfer date to be in a week or two.  If you are OK with this move, I would like Chris to spend part of his time next week downloading from Daren as I have him through next Friday.  On another matter, I believe Daren has E-mailed you about an agency agreement that we have with Cleburne Plant that needs to be transitioned to the estate.  He knows the details as does Rick Hill (I believe he is in your group).  We should probably get someone else in your group plugged into this deal (Kathy Kelly?), to handle to the administration of this deal.  We should try to identify someone quickly so that he/she can download from Daren next week.  Tom 
  I just read an article on the Blomberg news service that says that there are now six bidders and it is expected to go on into the night.  Each bidder is in a separate conference rooms and the lawyers are going from room to room to get the latest bid and provide updates as to what the best bid amount and structure is.  Sounds wild.  Tom 
  I talked to Chris about the Texas opportunity and he seemed interested.  He still wanted to talk to Scott Neal about a potential cash trading role on the East desk.  In the same breath he said that he welcomed an opportunity that had some commercial aspects but did not require running a book (which the East desk job would probably require).  I believe he is hesitant to leave the East environment because he is so familiar with it.  He said he will let me know on Monday morning.  Tom 
  Just a heads up, I lost Daren Farmer as my Logistics Manager/Transportation person on Thursday.  I have asked Chris if he would be interested.  He said he would give me an answer on Monday.  Tom 
  Daren notified me today that he has accepted a job with AEP.  He is willing to stay for a week or so to help in our transition.  I wanted to know what your thoughts were about moving Chris Germany from the Estate to the Manager of Logistics/Transportation role for the Texas Desk.  If you agree I would like to have him spend time with Daren while he is still here.  Let me know your thoughts.  Tom 
 Try to go to this if you can.  Tom 
 Thanks.  They are the same products.  Tom 
 Louise,  I asked Tammie to call the presenters to make sure of their availability.  I also talked to Mari and she is trying to find a bigger room given the size of this group.  She indicated that approximately half the group will review documents and the other half will participate in the presentations.  Tom 
 I am telling the guys to use their own discretion about coming in tomorrow.  My guess is that most of them will not come in.  Tom 
 Sorry, I thought you already had that info.  Phase 1 is the day we turn on EOL (January 21st), Phase 2 is February.  This timing should be consistent with the other gas regions.  Basically financial products first and physical products second.  If there is any changes between products in phase 1 and phase 2, how much lead time do you need?   Tom 
  As a follow up to the Texas Business plan submitted on January 7th, please find more detail on our desired product rollout schedule during phase 1 and 2.  If you have any questions call me at ext. 33079.  Tom 
   http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/markets/techmovers/10006326.html 
 I looked over Daren's shoulder while he highlighted what needed to be deleted.  Disregard my phone call.  Tom 
 Sounds like a pretty good deal.  I am always in favor of "free".  Tom 
 I have it in my briefcase, I just forgot to get it out.  Another slow day s= o far.  I checked on the internet today about FannieMae and GinnieMae per Lisa's co= mments the other day.  I learned that GinnieMae is a government owned compa= ny that buys and sells mortgages for HUD and FHA loans.  They are basically= the financing vehicle for these low income housing loans.  FannieMae basic= ally does the same thing but is a non-government owned company (used to be = government owned in 1967).  Both entities have had a history of financing t= he rebuilding of rundown urban areas in cities accross the country.  So Lis= a's friend/relative used these entities in the correct way but who knows if= there is any truth to their future involvement in our area.  Based on some= of the stories I read they tend to focus on really bad areas.  My guess is= that on an individual house perspective these two entities provide a mecha= nism to resale low income housing mortages in the secondary market.  So to = the extent there are HUD or FHA loans in our neighborhood they are probably= involved in the ultimate financing of these loans but that is it.  I had n= o idea what these two entities did, kind of interesting.  Tom 
 Jeff,  I could be in a tough situation at the desk with personnel.  Right now Daren Farmer is evaluating an opportunity with AEP.  If he stays and if we get pressure for another round of cuts; I may be in a situation that I have to do something with Dave.  If Daren leaves then Dave is really the only one remaining with Waha experience, that is why I decided to move him to the desk.  Bottom line to me is that based on discussions with you in the past and my experience, Dave is definitely a keeper for Risk and has gained some physical experience in the last six months that will help me out particularly if Daren leaves.  Needless to say there are a lot of variables to manage here but I thought you should be aware it, particularly if I end up in a situation where I have to make more cuts.  I am sure you are in a similar situation with some of your folks so you can probably relate to what I am going through.  I will catch up with you as this unfolds but if possible don't completely put Dave out of your plans at this point.  I have explained this situation to him and I think he understands given he is new to trading.  Any thoughts?  Tom 
 I did not know if you heard that Enron has agreed to settle the dispute over NNG and will fullfill the earlier agreement to deliver the pipeline to Dynegy.  Enron has the right to  buy it back by June 30th.  Enron will still proceed with the 10 billion wrongfull termination of merger suit and include NNG in that suit.  Bottom line for now NNG employees will become Dynegy employees until this other suit is resolved and/or unless Enron excercises its right to buy it back.  I wonder if this will impact Eric and Wendy?  Tom  P.S. Are you out of bed yet, ya bum? 
 I'll be there.  Tom 
 New and improved budget to replace what I sent you yesterday. 
 I have given this to O'Neal.  Tom 
 Don,  I received this from Lockheed Martin.  We did not have anything with them.  I am guessing this is yours.  If not I will call the guy and find out what he is talking about.  Tom 
 Details, forgot to send attachment.  Tom 
 David,  I made a few adjustments to your expense estimates based on a more detail look at actuals in 2001 and my previous 2002 budget.  The total impact is to increase the budget by $68,000.  I also was not sure what your Rent, Technology and Transportation amounts were supposed to represent.  Based on our previous discussions I thought that rent and technology are covered elsewhere, but I used your numbers anyway.  I am interested in what that is supposed to be since it is not very much and those are potentially very large dollar categories if everything gets rolled in.  Call me if you have any questions.  Tom 
 I thought more about our phone conversation last night.  Based on what you said and assuming this document is ok, count me in.  Sorry my reaction was not as positive as you hoped but your comment about not being able to discuss who is on the team with anyone caught me off guard.  I don't believe I have any issues with financial terms that you said (again I want to see what it looks in writing).  I still don't fully understand your reasons for handling this the way that you are but at the end of the day you are correct when you say that even if 50% of the commercial people is all that we end up, this shop will still be better than any other on the street.  I guess get me this document to look at when ever you can.  Thanks,  Tom 
  Thanks, Eric sent her all of the trader's login IDs after the meeting last week.  Tom 
 Hope you had a great holiday season!  Just checking to see if there is any new info on my ESOP rollover error situation.  Let me know if you heard anything.  Tom 
 I haven't worked on TBG in four years, so I am probably not who you want on this matter.  I would suggest starting with Frank Vickers or Scott Neal.  Tom 
 Thanks for thinking of me.  Not feeling too much like a hero, but still kicking.  Happy holidays to you and your family!!!  Tom 
 John and Louise,  I am planning to be on vacation from Thursday noon 12/20 and returning Monday 12/31.  I will be in Houston the whole time and available to come in if needed to help out on Due Dilegence or other matters.  I can be reached at home 281-580-6280, cell. 713-417-7994 or pager 800-503-3208.  I have made arrangements for the curves to be updated daily.  If you have any questions don't hesitate to call.  Happy Holidays!  Tom 
 I understand the control concern but it sure would allow us to be more efficient since Texas is small and clean (probably not a full time manager job).  He has not and will not be taking risk positions (at least not initially) he has been and will be trading our daily Waha phyical volumes.  If he evolved to a point where we wanted him to take risk positions we then could move him out of Risk.  What do you think?  If you don't think this will work let me know, but in that scenario I guess I would say don't count on Dave.  I guess I will have to move him into the Associate program or Logistics.  I we go down that road then I feel like I need to run this by Dave since he effectively will be cutting his ties to Risk and taking some career risk.  I am sure if it does not work out you or some other company would welcome Dave in a risk role.  Let me know what you think or just call me and we can get together.  Tom 
  The following is the spreadsheet for the Texas Desk. 
 Jim,  I could not open the attachment, can you resend it.  Tom 
 Jeff,  Let's talk because I think it may make more sense to flip the other way.  I was hoping to continue using Dave in the morning in the cash trading activities.  So maybe he can run the Texas Risk group while trading phyical similar to what Daren is doing on the Logistics side.  Tom 
 Ed,  Sorry, I have been out for a few days.  We have been marking the curves appropriately every day.  Eric Bass and Dave Baumbach have continued to get broker quotes twice daily for the duration of the book and to mark the curves correctly.  If you have any specific problems in Texas let me know.  Tom 
 I am in ENA Gas Trading.  I believe I am getting e-mails for Martin Thomas.  If that is who you are trying to communicate with please check your name selection.  This is happening a lot.  If know others that may be trying to communicate with Martin Thomas please pass the word.  thanks,  Tom 
 Thanks for the update.  Tom 
 Pagers, Cell Phones, etc should be cancelled as of closing which I believe to be June 1st, I will let you know if there are any changes.  When I arrange for new traders I will need computers for them.  I have talked to Ed and Brian and they have agreed to give me 4 computers back prior to closing.  I anticipate needing 2 of them prior to the end of the month.  How much lead time do you need to have them brought down here?  Did you get the message out about customer entertainment?  Thanks,  Tom 
 Everything other than the LDC business has been done in the name of HPL even if not physically located on HPL.  I want to start intiating transactions that are not physically on HPL in the name of ENA so they would not have to transfer as part of the sale (ie. Waha, Katy Tailgate and Carthaqe Hub).  I understand Dave Baumbach has arranged a meeting with you and Jeff Hodge to discuss.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I have asked Dave to set up a meeting with you and Barbara on this subject.  I thought there were exclusions relative to EOL transactions and points that do not directly impact HPL.  The problem for me is that if I want to do terms deals in these locations now I want to be able to keep them as ENA and not transfer them with the HPL sale.  Let's talk as soon as possible so I can have clear understanding of the rules of engagement for ENA now and after the close.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Yes if they are for Las Vegas.  There was a team building trip approved by John at the beginning of the year.  Are you planning to put together the monthly EOL volume actuals versus performance targets as described in the 2001 Plan?  Thanks,  Tom 
 I am generally available in the afternoons after 3:00.  Have your assistant schedule some time either this week or next so we can talk about the Wellhead Book.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Thanks for the info.  I wanted to pick your brain about cars for Mom and Dad.  My initial research of Large Cars and Luxury Cars in Consumer Report did not yield a lot of obvious choices to me.  I only considered CR "Recomended " cars.  There are a few options in the $20,000 to $25,000 range for example the Ford Crown Victoria/Mecury Grand Marquis; but I do not believe the cars in this price range will give them the same luxury and comfort that they are used to.  The only car in the $30,000 to $35,000 range is the Buick Park Avenue which I think will be a pretty close fit to what they are driving now but I'm not sure they want to spend this kind of money.  Of course the really nice luxury cars that will sure to satisfy them for example, the Lincoln Town Car and Cadillac Deville are in the $40,000 to $45,000 range.  Dad said he spent $23,000 for his Olds 98 in 1991 and would like to have something that rides as quite and comfortable as it but not spend big bucks.  My plan at this time is to focus on the Crown Victoria/Grand Marquis and the Park Avenue first and see if they come close to meeting Mom and Dad's needs.  Any Thoughts?  Love,  Tom 
 If you recall there was a physical term supply transaction done at Thompsonville with EEX during the time you were trying to get the letter of intent with AEP done.  I thought that there were some unique financing issues that required Enron to retain the transaction.  It appears that is not the case and since this supply is at a split connect location with HPL it should probably go with the sale.  I just want to make sure that the swap is done correctly to keep Enron whole.  Any thoughts?  Tom 
 Fine.  Tom 
 Attached are the rates for April.  I know the King Ranch and Agua Dulce rates to HSC are a mute point with the work on the A/S Line.  Needless to say we will be a seller either during Bidweek and/or on a daily basis on A/S South.  Thanks,  Tom 
 I think Gary Bryan already sent you a list that had this info.  Let me know if you did not get it.  Tom 
 Jim and I will be on vacation from March 12th thru March 16th.  Jim took a lap top computer with him and is reachable by cell phone.  Kim has our pager and cell phone numbers.  I will be calling in to see how Eric is doing and to see if any of my folks have any questions about their employment contracts.  I asked Philip to keep an eye on Eric as well.  Eric sat in the morning meeting today and will fill for me next week.  Thanks,  Tom 
 You guys have the list right?  Can you send it to Mike?  Tom 
 I received notice today that Elsa Villareal , Gary Lamphier and Ed Gottlob have accepted jobs with AEP as part of the sale of HPL (not to leave until closing).    This means that my staffing needs after closing are as follows:  1 Lead Physical Trader 1 Physical Trader 1 Basis Trader (or at least an asst. trader)  1 Industrial/Utility Middle Marketer/Originator 1 Supply Middle Marketer/Originator  I met with Jeanie Slone and the internal recruiters today to start the external search process for an experienced physical trader and industrial marketer. I am hoping the other positions can be filled internally with associates and/or internal commercial personnel.  I delivered employment contracts to Janet Wallis, Jim Schwieger, Stacy Neuweiller, Eric Bass and Daren Farmer.  They all wanted to review the documents and talk to me next week about it.  Janet did not give a good feeling that she would be willing to sign it.  I know that she has been contacted by companies other  than AEP about job opportunities and I know other Enron Units have talked to her as well.  Although we met Jim's numbers he is still hung up on the super vesting language for options; I'll keep working on him.  The others I did not get any read on, but I will talk to them next week.  Given the severe shortage of talent that my desk is going to experience from the HPL transaction I want you to consider realocating experienced talent from other trading and middle marketing desks to the Texas desk.  I will follow up with you when I return from vacation on Monday, March 19th.  Thanks,  Tom 
  Yes, this deal should go to AEP with the HPL transaction.  The reason there are no forward volumes booked is because they have a monthly election to nominate baseload gas daily priced gas or wait and nominate daily volumes priced at gas daily.  At any rate there is no way to know in forward months what they are going to take subject to contractual maximums.  If you have any further questions let me know.  Thanks,  Tom 
  Thanks for the invite but I have a family commitment on that day.  Tom 
 My basis trader is out Friday, so I need to cover his EOL stack until 3:30.  I can get together with you after 3:30.  Monday I am booked. Any way that we can get together after 3:30 Friday?  Tom 
 Tuesday begins Bidweek.  I try to restrict time away from the desk to after 2:15.  Is that possible?  Tom 
 Works for me.  Tom 
 Sherrie,  I talked to Karen Buckley and she said that the HR analyst and associate program is currently full but may be looking to hire again in the summer.  She told me that there may HR needs and/or recruiting needs in specific divisions that she is not aware of.  Her recommendation is to look on the Enron Job Seeker website to see if there are any specific jobs that may be of interest to you.  Call me if you after you look at the website and let me know if there are any opportunities that make sense for you.  Tom 
   Sorry we have not talked again recently.  I have been trying to get a better handle on other personnel movement on the gas floor that has an impact on my needs.  I would like to talk further with you.  Maybe we can get together next week after work for a beer and talk about what your interests are and I can tell you more about my needs.  I am open Tuesday - Thursday.  Let me know if you can get away.  If not let's try to set up some time to talk in the afternoon.  Thanks,  Tom 
 Lauri,  Here are the rates for May.  Again the A/D long haul rates are irrelevant for most of the month.  Call me if you have any questions.   Thanks,  Tom 
 Since I anticipate that we will be trying to inject and Katy is the only location that helps, I am trying to give us a little extra incentive to get gas in the ground.  I don't anticipate buying much Clear Lake gas other than the short that we have there (6,500/d I think).  Tom 
 Mtg w/Dave Baumbach, Pushkar Shahi, Jim Coffey, and Gary Hickerson Laura set up meeting - EB32c2 w/permission from Rain 01/30/01 
