d not someone else's.  Dan 
 Larry, At what point do we consider taking off the '02 hedges?  Is that a game we should play or not? What is your view of market for '01 and '02?  Dan 
 Eric, Here is the IT Backhaul proposal that went to Gonzales.  You'll note that it is for deliveries west of the Florida border. Dan 
 Eric, I thought you had talked to Susan about covering for Julie on Friday afternoons.  She needs to know that "covering" means she needs to stay beyond 3:40 (at least until close of business), which is when she rushed out on Friday.  I had phones shifted over to Audrey after I got a call from Cindy looking to find Julie or me.  If you haven't talked with her, I will I'd you'd prefer.  Dan 
   A;0042661;PPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Eric, Considering the number of fires we have at Enron right now this is about the last thing on Stan's mind.  Hill and Hartsoe are appropriate to be attending this meeting.  Again--I think that this is a bit more of Dennis' overkill.  Do you think he goes dove hunting with grenades?  Dan 
 John, Have Craig give me a call--we have alot of new work being done with PG&E and TW, so he could be quite helpful. Dan 
 Stan, I have it on good authority that Dynegy is making a run at Bob Hayes. My guess is that Bob will call you or me to discuss his status sometime today.  Dan 
 John, I want a report that doesn't change formats every time you or anyone else decides to chat about it.  All I want is a apples to apples comparison from week to week.  Whether that comparison is to Current Estimate, Forecast or both, I don't care.  Just produce a report and then be consistent--starting tomorrow.  Dan 
 Stan, Last week we coordinated with Steve Kean, Rick Shapiro, Joe Hartsoe and the Washington office, so that they would make sure that our objections (as outlined in Dennis's communication below ) to certain portions of Bingaman's proposed legislation would be heard. They've all been working on the issue this week and will continue through the Bingaman hearings. Williams, El Paso and Duke have all done the same.  Dan 
 Not yet. 
 I just got off of fifty and there is no news yet.  Last we heard, Chevron's CEO had one more call to make with someone from Texaco, and that their response was eminent.  Dan 
 We'll have $1.5 B. for about 15 minutes. 
 Fran, I've already talked with Bob about the specifics of this, so go ahead and forward it to him (he's expecting it). Dan 
 Rod, I had approved an offsite Happy Hour for our Market Services Group following our string of emergencies (about a $2500-$3000 expenditure).  Considering everything that has happened, we're reviewing all costs, whether previously approved or not, and cutting where we can.  This is one that I don't think I should pull unless you feel strongly that I should.  Let me know your thoughts.  Dan 
 Julie, All I really wanted to ensure is that we were striving to get as many tickets as we could, since the employees would take as many as we could get.  I was concerned that with all of the cost cutting, someone would just assume that we could get by without the tickets.  I thought that Deb could get eight (8), I'd buy them personally, and I'd use four (Hayes and me), and would give the other four to employees.  If Mary Kay wants four (4), that's fine.  Let Deb know, however, that employees using them for personal use (which I'm sure will be all of them), will be expected to pay for them themselves.  Dan 
 Julie, Deb refers to "bowl tickets".  I assume that she means "playoff tickets", since the bowl tickets won't be allocated until teams are selected for the BCS Bowls (which is after the playoffs in Dallas).  Dan 
 Cindy, No.  This are working meetings which kick off the due diligence review for each of the withdrawn partners. So, everyone will be sending their worker bees only.  Dan 
 Mary Kay, At what point can we expect the CPUC and IS's to take their lumps and get on with picking at some other issues?  Hasn't Kern River done something that they can spend their time fighting about?  How do you think this one will go from here?  Dan 
 FYI---I guess it ain't over 'till it's over. 
 Cindy, For what it's worth, I am quite opposed to going forward with the Enron Christmas Party as planned.  With as much negative press as we've gotten, we are assured that the local TV stations and the Chronicle will cover it, and will put the "lavish" affair in the worst light possible.  Can't we stop it now??  Dan 
 FYI 
 Bob, Would you copy me when you send the first draft, I'd like to get a better feel for it.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Phil, Due to the increasing demands on Stan, I'd like to offer our help in meeting and communicating with the field (Hayes, Harris, Neubauer, Miller, Kilmer, and myself).  Stan's already taken, and I'm sure that you have taken, more than your share of unwarranted heat and criticism, so we'll help tow the line.  Would there be an opportunity for field visits in the near future?  Let me know.  Dan 
 Stan, Eric Thode's comment reported by Dow Jones yesterday that "most of Enron's critical employees are under contract" is not sitting well with my people--particularly Mary Kay, Rob and Steve.  He also made a comment that bonuses were "scheduled to be paid in mid-February" (a statement on a delicate subject that did not need to be made).  I know that some of this stuff can't be avoided, but I don't think we're even being careful about what is, or is not, said in the media.  I want a fair shot to deliver a solid company with good morale and a high self-esteem to Dynegy.  And mistakes like this don't help morale or the group's cohesiveness. Could you raise the concern at you 11:00 meeting if possible?  Dan 
 Cindy, This was the official response on whether the Enron Field Christmas Party would be cancelled.  Let Stan know as well.  Dan 
 Stan, In response to your questions today:  1. Research Group--while we do use them for options modeling and sanity checks, we employ two of their quant-jocks directly on NNG payroll (Sean Bolks being the lead).  As long as we keep these two, we could get by without them all together.  2. Government Affairs--we only use one individual out of the Corporate Staff (Pat Shortridge).  Other than that, they provide no value.  3. Aviation--will be used be my staff only is cost justified versus commercial (coach) flights.  4. Strategic Sourcing--TAP does provide a cost effective service.  We could do without it, but I doubt we'd save money doing it ourselves.  Dan 
 Joel, I truly wish that I had something in my shop for you, but I don't.  Try Geoff Roberts at Entergy (281)-297-3120, Rich Kinder at Kinder Morgan (713)369-9000, or you could try Anadarko in the Woodlands.  I know that Duke is still hiring, too.  The other alternative is to look outside the industry, which is probably a good idea at this point.  You could also contact Joe Sutton and see if you could get some leads from him.  In any event, let me know if there is something that I can do.  I wish you the best of luck in your search--we'll keep you in our prayers until we've heard that you're fine, so let us know.  Take care.  Dan 
   A;0042066;PPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Mike and Dave, As you probably guessed, Stan and I will not be coming to the Christmas Party after all.  I will try to get to Omaha prior to the Party for a couple of days though.  Dan 
 Kent, I understand your concern, but at this point, I may have to tell you who the "right" person is for the time being.  I am working the situation from this end and will advise you what needs to be done, why and when.   Whatever is done, I can assure you that your "right" choice to fill any position will be from within our group, and will make sense from an overall ETS Commercial perspective.  Dan 
 FYI--this should wind Kent up just a bit. 
   A;0042764;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042150;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 Pam, I don't see why the clearing of 41 is a prerequisite.  Let's just get it moved from 4th to where ever so people can see it.  I've got a whole floor of people apprehensive about the move and wasting time talking about what the working enviornment might be like when we finally move back. We've got enough to worry about, this isn't worth the noise.  If people just see it, they will understand that this is not going to be a minimum footprint sardine pack, and any noise will stop. When can we expect it to be available for viewing.  Do you want me to have Julie arrange it with Claudia? Also, What has happened to our move?  We were supposed to move yesterday, we're all packed up in boxes, and nobody seems to know what happened or when we are moving now.  Dan 
 Stan, Take a quick glance at this. Dan 
 Stan, The initial numbers from El Paso (as a Seller of their interest) would have equated to a 14 to 15x  EBITDA  with a valuation more in the range of $180m.  While we knew that they wouldn't be a buyer at that price, we expect that they would come in at $80-$90m.  They have yet to respond.  In the mean time, we are sitting on Deb's lowball (by her own admission) offer for two to three more days.  Dan 
 Eric, Julie has asked to take vacation on Friday, so we'll need Susan to cover phones, faxes, and general office business on Friday until 6:00 Eastern/ 5:00 Central.  Based on our efforts in Washington this week, Friday could be a very busy day.  Dan 
 Pat, Thanks.  I appreciate the input. Let me know if anything pertaining to the specific routing of the line begins to bubble up.  Dan 
 Greg, I have no interest for ETS. Dan 
 Kim and John, I agree with Kim's second point.  I don't know how Ballentine's language works--there doesn't seem to be an offer and acceptance of anything specific.  I'd like to at least have a contract that has either been negotiated with the third party of the ability to negotiate it myself.  Can we clean this language up a little?  Dan 
 Dave, I haven't heard anything about Pacer for quite some time.  Has there been any progress or have we dropped it? Dan 
 Kim and John, I assumed that we'd moved away from that point in favor of the right to match.  Is that not the case? Dan 
 ok 
 Stan, The teleconference today (with TCPL) held nothing really new.  We did agree not to bring in any other third parties, such as El Paso, at this time.  TCPL noted that they would be interested in a roles as the developer (and perhaps as the operator or some or all of the new line), and would also expect to be responsible for all Canadian legal and regulatory matters.  They acknowledged that we have more expertise in the areas of US rates and regulatory and legal, finance, commercial and marketing activities and would expect that we take the lead there.  We are working toward a first cut on a JV structure over the next two weeks.  Dan 
 No interest. 
 Shelley, I haven't seen any invitation list for Friday's Plan Review with Stan yet, but we are up at 10:00 and will go until 1:00.  I'd like you to be in through the whole thing if possible.  After that, do you think that you and I should walk through the whole plan with the key people in your group (and maybe Steve's)?  Give me a call if you haven't received the Plan handouts by tomorrow.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Shelley, I was thinking just revenue, but we can just as easily do O&M, too.  Which would you prefer? Dan 
 Dennis, I'm fine with the letter.  And, I think that it should be well received. Dan 
 Yes 
  FYI 
   A;0042306;PPRSDNTS  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 We wouldn't.  I'll talk with Kim. 
 Eric, I'll be talking with John sometime this afternoon. Dan 
 Thanks 
 Eric, FYI, I had my Assistant look back through call logs for the past ten weeks--John never called once.  I called him yesterday and left him a lengthy message and received no return call.  I called again today and received no return call.  You may have a good relationship with these guys, but I think that John may be a bit flaky and would question his veracity.  I'll try one more time, then I'll call it quits.  Dan 
 Rod, This would be preferable, but I don't understand what rules could be = changed to alter the existing accounting treatment.  Also, Kent's numbers d= o not decline over the suggested ten year life of the project, and I'd bet = that the injection and withdrawal rates decline just like they did after th= e project was initially developed.  The other thing to keep in mind is that= there will be no long term contracts securing the anticipated cash flow.  = We will be relying on our storage desk to secure margins in the short term = market (which is the only way to do high injection/high withdrawal storage = to capture short term market anomalies).  Are you okay with that?  I am.  Dan 
 Martha, Would you drop me a quick note and update me on your progress?  Is there anything that you need to be doing at this point?  Also give me your general feel for the market's receptiveness to date, the caliber of Luminent's staff, and how the relationship is going so far. If you have some available time next week, call Julie and get on my calendar.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Janet, I'd like you to talk with Rafael if you have time.  He's at Columbia on an Enron loan through the Associate Pool.  He worked for Eric Gonzales in Spain and for me in EES Europe.  He's a very bright guy and would add a lot of value where ever he lands.  Dan 
 Janet, Yes, he will be returning as an Associate.  I don't think that Billy is coordinating this trip, but I'll check. Dan 
 Mark, I hate losing Steve, but the most important thing is keeping him here.  As you know, he was an EDS employee assigned to Enron until about 1999.  As such, he didn't receive all of the equity upsides that his counterparts did.  I know a lot of people  have, and will continue to, make runs at Steve.  So do what you can to keep him a happy Enron employee.  Thanks.  Dan 
 Mark, Would you send me a copy of your announcement?  Thanks. Dan 
 It's up to you now. 
 Steve, I'd like to get one of the blackberry wireless handhelds.  How can I get one? Dan 
 Eric, Should I call Dennis, will he call me, or is he satisfied that he can't always pull the string and get a prize?  Dan 
 Eric, I thought we were moving towards limiting the reference to the Withdrawn Partners solely to the attempt to reconstitute the old Partnership, by a simple modification to Paragraph 1.  I think it's still pretty fuzzy, don't you?  What was wrong with Duke's proposed changes?  Dan 
 Mary Kay, The decision couldn't have been better if we had written it ourselves---another BIG success to add to your 2001 list.  Dan 
 Drew and Steve, Since our negotiated rates came out so well, is that an indication that the SoCal dispute is probably a slam dunk as well?? Dan 
 John, Stan Babiuk of El Paso called again to express their interest in buying Sunniland.  How sure are you that this deal will happen?  Dan 
 This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.  You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Tasks:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items) Inbox:      	None Contacts:   	None Notes:      	None Journal:    	None  To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this.  You will also be receiving copies of meeting requests sent to me and will be able to respond to them on my behalf. 
 What about our move???? 
   A;0042342;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042354;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
  Brian, Do we have the funds for this?  If so I'd like to proceed on this one.  What capacity do we have for PAA's for the rest of 2002?  Dan 
   A;0041598;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042363;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042371;PPRSDNTS  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
   A;0042343;MPRSDNTN  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
 We've experienced an unprecedented number of emergency situations during the past several months (weather, terrorist attacks, internet outages, etc.), all of which has been handled quite well by our market services group.  With the last two incidents being so close occurring within one week our Market Services Group has been worked to the limit.  So, if you have the opportunity, put in a kind and supportive word to a scheduler, take a gas controller to lunch, buy a customer rep. a drink (or two) , do what you can to recognize their efforts. Thanks  Dan 
   A;0042029;PPRSDNTS  ;014;008;N;Danny McCarty;Danny McCarty - (Approved);  ;@@@@@@@@@ 
