western 's case, the Commission expressed the belief that closer sc= rutiny of transactions that provide the opportunity to impose rates many mu= ltiples in excess of maximum approved tariff rates is necessary: "Did Trans= western withhold capacity that otherwise could have been made available und= er recourse service in order to make the capacity available under negotiate= d rate charges at substantially higher rates?" (See REPORT NO. 2346, pp9-10= .)=20 Background=20 Beginning in March 2001, GTN made a series of separate filings pursuant to = its rights to implement various negotiated rate transactions under its FTS-= 1 Rate Schedule with (1) Sempra, (2) Dynegy Marketing and Trade, (3) Relian= t Energy Services Canada Ltd., (4) Western Gas Resources (Western), (5) Ens= erco Energy, Inc., (6) Mirant Americas Energy Marketing, L.P. , (7) BP Ener= gy Co., and (8) CEG Energy Options, Inc.. The filings were accepted and sus= pended, subject to further proceedings by orders issued on 3/28/01, 5/1/01,= 5/31/01, and 6/29/01. The transactions established transportation rates ti= ed to natural gas spot market price differentials between the Northwest Pip= eline interconnection at Stanfield, Oregon and the Pacific Gas and Electric= Co. and Tuscarora Gas Transmission Co. interconnection at Malin, on the Or= egon-California border.=20 According to the data collected by FERC, the negotiated rate transactions w= ould yield average daily transportation rates many multiples of the maximum= FTS-1 rate (approximately $0.155/MMBtu, Stanfield to Malin), exclusive of = surcharges and fuel, based on the publicly reported price differentials at = the contract receipt and delivery points during the term of the contracts. = The Commission initiated additional review procedures to further explore qu= estions regarding conditions under which operational transportation capacit= y may be available on the GTN system.=20 GTN has already told the Commission that all negotiated rate shippers knew = service was available at the recourse rate, but that these shippers chose t= o structure the pricing of their contracts in this distinct fashion anyway.= Further, GTN insists the subject firm capacity was posted as available on = the company's website and EBB, consistent with the Commission's regulations= .=20 Pursuant to the suspension order, FERC received the following information:= =20 - Sempra clarified that 10,000 MMBtu/d of its 20,000 MMBtu/d total capacity= arrangement with GTN was subscribed at the FTS-1 rate. But GTN insists Sem= pra requested firm backhaul service with the intent of reversing the path. = Under the negotiated alternative, Sempra was persuaded it would not have to= pay reservation charges on the full MDQ for a secondary, lower priority re= verse path service. In its response, Sempra asserted it wanted to use the c= apacity on a secondary basis and thus chose to negotiate a rate structure t= hat would best reflect its price risk profile to account for the fact that = the capacity may not be available every day. Further, Sempra stated that th= e gas transported was sold into the daily markets at Malin, PG&E's citygate= , or the Southern California border market.=20 - Dynegy's rationale for choosing a rate formula rather than the FTS-1 reco= urse rate was to gain additional value from the capacity. GTN had suggested= it could enter into a negotiated agreement based on the daily index-to-ind= ex spread because the Stanfield-Malin spread, less fuel, did not cover the = cost of the FTS-1 recourse rate. Based on GTN's information, Dynegy believe= d the price spread was expected to widen and thereby would give it "a prici= ng opportunity."=20 - According to Western, it initially sought 20,000 MMBtu/d of capacity at t= he FTS-1 recourse rate, but GTN's response did not allow for the total volu= me to be shipped at that rate. Instead, GTN proposed and Western accepted a= nother price option: 10,000 MMBtu/d at the FTS-1 Recourse Rate and 10,000 M= MBtu/d at the Negotiated Gas Daily Index Rate.=20 - Neither Reliant nor Enserco filed a response to the Commission's 5/1/01 o= rder.=20 - Mirant cited three reasons for choosing the monthly index spread rather t= han the recourse rate: 1) the index spread was easily hedged, 2) at the tim= e the market spread was more desirable, and 3) reduction of market risk. Mi= rant believed there were no other practical options to move gas from Stanfi= eld to Malin.=20 - GTN established four negotiated rate agreements with two different shippe= rs: BP Energy and CEG Energy. The BP Energy agreement was accepted as propo= sed, but FERC accepted and suspended the CEG Energy agreements subject to r= efund and further information. Similar to the other parties, CEG Energy sta= ted that it chose a negotiated rate rather than the recourse rate because i= t believed the index spread was less expensive than the FTS-1 recourse rate= .=20 FERC Has Serious Concerns=20 According to the September 13 order, GTN's negotiated rate transactions und= er investigation "present several serious concerns." Even with the addition= al information in hand, the Commission concludes that the filings raise man= y issues that need to be investigated further. Accordingly, an expedited he= aring should explore issues including, but not limited to: whether the tran= sportation capacity was advertised and awarded in an accurate and fair mann= er consistent with GTN's tariff; whether the rates negotiated by GTN were t= he product of an exercise of market power (i.e., did GTN withhold capacity = that otherwise could have been made available under recourse service just t= o make the capacity available under negotiated higher rates); why the shipp= ers agreed to these rates when lower recourse rates should have been availa= ble; and, lastly, whether the practice of improving a shipper's standing in= the scheduling process by selling firm transportation to undesirable prima= ry points so an alternative point can be nominated is discriminatory agains= t interruptible transportation shippers (since the alternative point is als= o available on a somewhat best-efforts basis).=20 Since the negotiated rate transactions also raise concerns regarding GTN's = posting procedures and its use of firm service contracts for operational ca= pacity, the Commission also spelled out the need to require GTN to undertak= e immediately certain measures to identify more clearly the operational cap= acity available on the GTN system and the period for which such capacity is= awarded.=20 Finally, the Commission discovered discrepancies between GTN and the other = negotiated parties' representations regarding the capacity quantities avail= able at the FTS-1 recourse rate. Specifically, FERC's concerns go to the Se= mpra and Western rate agreements whereby the parties initially desired 20,0= 00 MMBtu/d at the recourse rate but were provided with a combination of rec= ourse service and a negotiated service. These actions by GTN may reflect th= e exercise of market power and manipulation of the capacity market, the Com= mission surmises.     Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
 Dennis,  Attached is what I've got.  Please assign and have them contact the rep below to get the information you need. I'll also pass on anything else I get.  Let me know who gets this project.  Thanks,  Mark x57896 
 Greg,  Welcome to Enron!   We will immediately start the "development" program to instill the Enron viewpoint....We are the best and brightest employees and we are better and smarter than any company in the world.  We are the elite.  Just kidding.  I look forward to seeing you in the elevator banks.  Mark 
  Room 1336 has been reserved for today's 2:30 Trans Pecos meeting.     Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
 When: Tuesday, October 09, 2001 2:30 PM-3:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: tbd  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Update on Status, review critical assumptions, strategize on economics 
  Cassie,  I just wanted to thank you and the staff for the OU/UT tickets.  We had a great time and you know the game was exciting.  I also enjoyed meeting you two weeks ago.  Mark   Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  James,  What do you think?  Can we do the 20 year thing? 
  another reason to be proud 
 I'd be glad to take care of this.  Mark 
   Yeah, what a game.  That 7 - 3 score that held most of the game was a killer on the nerves.  Both Defenses looked very good.  Both offenses looked like they were playing very good defenses.  I do like our coaching staff.  Bob hasn't always had things go his way.  During his first season (7-5) he tried some different type plays and many didn't go his way including a fake field goal in the Independence Bowl that probably cost us the game.  That being said, he has had a pretty good string lately.  Good luck with the rest of the season.  Boomer Sooner,  Mark 
 Zach,  Have a safe trip and don't get in too much trouble tonight.  Good luck to you guys.  I hope the game is a good as the hype.  Again, I can't wait.  It is such a great spectacle.  Boomer Sooner,  Mark   Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Art  7:30 Thursday November 1  We need to bring the old tickets to exchange them and furthermore, we need to be there at 7:00 to transact.  smooootch  Mark     Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Uhhhhh, I think I'll make the drive myself. 
  Passwords    Houston Chronicle Online ID:         10122822 PW:         -NA-   www.dslreports.com ID:         markmc PW:         121212   Dallas Morning News ID:         -NA- PW:         boomer   http://djinteractive.com ID:         enemmcconn PW:         70450689  Caminus Zai*net ID:         mmcconnell PW:         switch   ECInside ID: PW:         sarah  Netscape Quicktime ID:         mcconnellmarkr PW:         sarah  <http://www.ebs-broadband.net/index.asp> ID:         Enr161 PW:         FYI21502 -or- ID:         Enr123 PW:         FYI18447  SAP ID:         p00405823 PW:         121212  Expedia.com ID:         fallguy344 PW:  http://pavdata.com/Downloads/Security/index.html ID:                downloads PW:                 downloads  Amazon.com ID: PW:         868686  The Economist ID:         mrmcconnell PW:         121212  TW Deal Profit/Analysis Tools ID:         kchow PW:         kctw1  EnronOnline ID:         MMCCONNE PW:         TWMM7896  PEP ID:         90043797 PW:         121212  Paine Webber ID:         PWZXD8XDYPB PW:         6158  EPOCH Partners ID: PW:         ramie  Classmates.com ID:         97970801 PW:         mustang  Enron Presentation Library ID:         mmcconnell PW:         121212  American Auto Association ID:         sarahhm PW:         12121212 
  Sunita,  I am planning on attending Paul's party.  Sarah will be out of town so i will be flying solo that night.  Let me know if I can help out by bringing anything.  Mark   Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Lorna,  Could you make sure that Paul (referenced above) and I are on your distribu= tion list for the TW Marketing team.  We just joined the group.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Robert,  We'll take a look at this too and get back with you.  Mark 
  Christian,  How's it going in Brazil?  I know you are happy to be back.  I transferred out of EBS and got back into the gas business.  I'm working for the pipeline group.  The people here are very nice and I'm glad to be back in this industry.  Although, I must say that I will miss London and working with people like yourself.  I got a message from Martin Joergansen the other day.  Do you happen to know his email address?  Please let me know.  I hope all is well down south.  Mark     Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Martina,  Howdy from Texas.  I am writing to see if you know where Christian has landed since the reorg. of EBS.  I'm glad to see you still have an Enron address.  I was telling a friend about our trip to Denmark and that museum that we saw there.  Please let me know if you know where Christian is.  Hope all is well,  Mark  Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
 When: Wednesday, October 10, 2001 10:00 AM-1:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
  Jonathan,  Thanks for the email.  I enjoyed the evening in Norman as well.  I also enjoyed the game vs KSU.  Your resume looks very impressive.  I would continue to work through the university and make sure that you get on the interview schedule when we come back up.  I'll hold on to your resume and pass it on to people in the pipeline group that may be looking for an intern.  Best of luck,  Mark 
       Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Thanks Steve.  I won't be able to participate because I will be at the OU/Texas game.  (Boomer Sooner). 
  I had vacation on September 28th (Friday). 
   Sounds good.  I was in Norman this last week...recruiting, golf and KSU game (close).  I also picked up my tickets for this weekend.  I don't like thinking about the game, it makes me nervous but that is the fun of it.  By the way, can you tell me the line?  I'm sure you are favored.  Boomer Sooner, Mark 
   http://www.meliabali.com/thegardenvillas.h    Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Here we go!  Boomer Sooner!  Mark     Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  It works!!!!   wow, you are so tech savvy.  Darby looks great.  Mark 
  Attached are the electronic versions.  At the very least, the underline needs to be removed from the changed sentences.  Thanks,  Mark       Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
  Thanks for the pics.  She is adorable!  I always enjoy getting them.  I'm heading to Norman to watch the OU/KSU game.  We finally get to see how good we are.  Mark 
  From Kirby 
  Carolyn,  I have received my new card.  You can deactivate my att card.  Mark    Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
 Sorry, I've been in meetings.  I will be out of pocket until next week.  Let's talk then.  Mark 
  You can send it which ever way is easiest for you.  If it is just the same, I would send his seperately.  He is located at: EB1344.  Thanks,  Mark 
  No, It looks good.  I would actually add....  4707 Laurel (See Map) 
 Thanks pop,  Our schools have some pretty impressive records on that page.  By the way, that NCAA site is pretty interesting if you ever get bored. 
  I'd like to sign up for the ClickatHome service.  I have seen the Terms and Conditions and the Election Agreement but I haven't come across a way to sign up.  Please let me know how to sign up and order the equipment.  Thank you,  Mark McConnell  x57896 
  I have arranged to take off this Friday, so I will be able to attend.  I guess I'll get the directions to the golf course and other details from Weed and Dial.  If the teams are all full, put me on their team.  Otherwise, I'll play with anyone.  My game has gone down the tubes since I started the international work.  I hope to take care of that problem soon.....put me down as a 24 handicap.  I look forward to seeing you and the rest of the guys,  Mark 
  Jeff,  If you have any problems, let me know.  Otherwise, we'll talk later on how to resolve this.  Mark  http://www.tw.enron.com/twtariff/et_tf_curr_vol_frame.html   Look at sheets 70 and 145-152    Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com 
 Thanks.  Wow, you're quick on email.  Jeff and I will be the only attendees. m 
 Guys,  Attached is a resume for a guy I know via technology and a very old parental friendship.  He is a very aggressive guy and marketer type.  He has the personality to be an originator or mid-marketer.  He would pound the phones.  Follow up if you want to talk with him.  I am going to forward on to technology guys too but wanted to give you first crack.  Mike 
 Jeff, attached below is my first cut at the org memo.  Please review, make additions,comments and corrections and return it via a word document on email.  Once i receive comments from all the individual business heads then I'll ciculate again for final review and commentary.  Mike 
 Ken,  Per my voicemail, we are having an all employee meeting on next Monday at the Hyatt Regency.  The purpose of this meeting is to pull everyone together for an update on EGM and a brief presentation from all the business units within EGM.  This includes about 1 hour of business and then drinks and food - we expect about 500 people.  We have made a lot of progress on changing the nature and profitability of these businesses and we want to make sure everyone sees just how far we have come in a few months.  I believe they will be motivated to see the growth and profitability.  We had a record Q1 with $100 million of gross margin.  That was 50% of what they made in all of 2000.  Combined with the fact that in December of 2000 alone we made $87 million in gross margin, I believe it will have a big impact.  If you could attend the meeting even for a few minutes it would go a long way in helping us drive our other point which is that the EGM businesses are now core to Enron and has the attention of both you and Jeff.  Thanks for considering this and let me know if you need any other information or assistance.  Mike 
 I'm in.  We'll get started in a couple of months.  Hopefully no sooner! Thanks, mike 
 I'm in. mike 
 Art,  Here is a few numbers.  Av. external transactions per day:  4,600 Life to date notional value:  $550 billion (yes billion, we just passed 1/2 a trillion dollars) Daily value of transactions:  $2.6 billion Percentage of business today in N America:  76% Products offered:  1,815  I hope that helps and good luck. mike 
 I don't know her.  Sorry. m 
 FYI , this is what Suzanne was talking about.  I didn't know any of this was going on.  I haven't talked with SN yet.  Do you have any comments before i do?  m 
 Thanks for the update.  You never appeared on camera and we thought that we had a video problem and that you weren't there. m 
 Eric, incase i forgot to forward, please followup and lets meet him.  I would like to attend. m 
 Virginia,  Thanks for the emails.  No interest in the above or the miro.  I am actively looking for a Pierre Bonnard lithograph, in color and signed.  Also looking for Lautrec but probably after Bonnard.  I will want to see numerous examples before I choose the Lautrec that we want.  If you have any Bonnards,  please let me know and send a copy of the image.  Mike 
 Per, I need a copy of the signature pages for all the signed dashes.  I want them for my files. Thanks, m 
 Louise,  You're very welcome.  It is always a pleasure to celebrate this blessed event.  This  is a truly special time in your life and I hope you and Marcus can relax and enjoy it.  This event will change your life and bring you true joy.  I remember the birth of our children like it was yesterday.  Simply writing this makes me feel great and my thoughts and prayers will be with you during this wonderful time.  Remember work will always be waiting for you;  this is what is truly important.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Ron, I met with him today and steered him in a couple of directions.  He is a very sharp guy and he should be able to find a commercial home somewhere in the near future.   I'll let you know after he talks about opportunities with various groups around EGM. Thanks, m 
 Bob,  He is now in town (he arrived on Monday).  Please call and leave him a voicemail.  We will meet with you. Mike 
 Doug, other than the worst greens of all time, i was very impressed with the course.  The layout of the front nine was outstanding.  10,11,13 were long and hard.  We shot 6 under and had a great time.  I bought a new odyssey putter and love it.  You guys did a nice job on the course.  mike 
 Mike McConnell has been out of the office traveling on business and he asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Mike asked me to pass along his sincere thanks for your message and for the invitation, however, he moved out of Enron Net Works and the technology area of Enron effective last August and is no longer involved in that area of the business.  Please note that by way of this message, I am sending a copy to Philippe Bibi, CEO, Enron Net Works.  You may contact Philippe if you are interested in obtaining a speaker from the technology area of Enron.  Thank you again.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 FYI ...  Mike McConnell will be traveling on business during the week of May 14th and will be unable to attend.  Thanks.  Cathy for Mike McConnell 
 Mr. Steimer -  Mike McConnell has been on several trips over the last few weeks and he has asked me to contact you on his behalf.  He asked me to pass along his sincerest apologies for not getting back to you on your invitation sooner. Due to his heavy travel schedule, he is unavailable to attend the Shell Houston Open.  However, Mike asked that I pass along to you my phone and e-mail information so that you may contact me to schedule the meeting to discuss LNG projects. My e-mail address is cathy.phillips@enron.com and my phone number is 713-853-6898.  Please feel free to contact me at your convenience.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Im fine with it. m 
 All,  Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internal= =20 briefing document on the business activities within EGM.  The purpose of th= is=20 presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with = a=20 more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up i= n=20 Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We also have a shorter and more external=20 version if you are interested.=20  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Mike 
 I added a couple of our other businesses in the opening paragragh.  Good to go.  mike 
 Jason,  Thanks for the email.  We dropped the ball on this one.  I have put Robert W Jones, VP of HR for Enron Net Works on notice of your email and he will expect your call.  His number is 713-853-5810.  Also please resend your resume both to me and to Robert.  Robert's email address is robert.w.jones@enron.com.  We have another Robert Jones at Enron and this Robert is not getting all of his emails.  Thanks, mike 
 here it is .  I willl forward my forward email as well. thanks, m 
 Julie, Thanks for your help. This is great. m 
 Jeff,=20  Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internal= =20 briefing document on the business activities within EGM.  The purpose of th= is=20 presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with = a=20 more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up i= n=20 Q&A or if you need some quick facts about these businesses and I'm not=20 around.  =20  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Mike  PS - I will also send one of these to IR and PR 
 Ken,=20  As discussed in our conversation this afternoon, attached is a draft copy o= f=20 a presentation that was created as an internal briefing document on the=20 business activities within EGM.  The purpose of this presentation is to=20 communicate our activities and provide individuals with a more detailed=20 reference document on these businesses in case they come up in Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Mike=20  PS - I will also send this to Jeff, IR and PR 
 Steve,  Attached, for your information and reference, is copy of a presentation tha= t=20 was created as an internal briefing document on the business activities=20 within EGM.  The purpose of this presentation is to communicate our=20 activities and provide individuals with a more detailed reference document = on=20 these businesses in case they come up in Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Thanks, mike  PS I sent this to IR and Palmer but yours came back due to a bad email=20 address at EES. 
 All,  Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internal= =20 briefing document on the business activities within EGM.  The purpose of th= is=20 presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with = a=20 more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up i= n=20 Q&A.  This is a confidential and internal document, which includes earnings=20 targets, goals and objectives.  We have a shorter more external version tha= t=20 we use to describe our businesses.  I can provide that copy if you are=20 interested.  Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would l= ike=20 to discuss this in more detail. =20  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks!   You really changed the energy business. m 
 Thanks for the email.  Also, nice job on the phone today with Whalley.  I think you answered all of his questions and concerns and I think you'll like meeting him next week.  Mike 
 John, FYI, here is the presentation we discussed today.  This is internal only but it can act as a guide if you want to know what we are doing or our approach. This is a first draft and I'll send you an updated one when it is finished. m 
 Mark, Thanks for lunch, I really enjoyed our conversation. Here is the presentation we discussed.  This is an internal presentation only.  mike 
 It looks great. m 
 CP,  Go ahead and put me in the Marriot.  I should give this a try.  Plus it will make them plan better for us. m 
 Ted,  Howdy from Houston.  I didn't see the article but please fax me a copy of the piece if you have one.  Fax# is 713 853 1922.  I will make myself available after class to meet with whoever you want me to meet with.  Sorry I cant stay for the meeting, i really wanted to.  I will need a student to take me to the airport on Friday morning but don't need one on Thursday.  Do you want me to have breakfast or meet with the new dean?  Thanks and see you soon.  Mike 
 FYI, this is an interesting tool for when i am out. m 
 I am interested in the online version.  My login id is:  mmccon1 thanks, m 
 Dorie, thanks, but I need a sweater (M) not a shirt. m 
 Laura, I would like 2 Champions pavillion tickets for all 4 days.  I am not sure who I will take as of yet. thanks, mike 
 Haven't i already done this.  This went out a while ago didn't it? m 
 Sherri,  I would be happy to support Jeff.  I've sponsored 5 other people  for MS150 also but please put me down for $500 for Jeff.  If i am being cheap, let me know.  Thanks, mike 
 thanks. m 
 How's this for the next stab.  Please review, make changes and send back for a final.  I didn't try to make this just perfect but consoldite a little and add a little.  Thanks,  Mike 
 Sometimes it is great to be the old USA.  Jury's rule, wigged Lords drool. m 
 Have it sent to me and I'll make sure it gets looked at. cheers, m 
 Shanna,  Please make this happen ASAP.  I thought he was done.  Also, I would like to see a list of all of our key people and their conctract expiration dates.  I believe you have that but I've not seen a copy.  Thanks, mike 
 The cat needs something. I had fun on the trip.  Jim is a good guy and I'll send you a copy of the pictures for him when i get them back. m 
 Doug,  The Masters was great and of course you were right, the course was magnificent.  This is my 4th trip down and I'm going to try and not ever miss the tournament (but of course I haven't played it!).  The azaleas were not at max bloom, i think they were about a week away due to the cooler weather. What a great tournament.  Please give me a call next time you are in Houston and I'll set up a game at Champions.  I am looking forward to the tour championship later this year.  Give my best to Jennifer and Chris says hello.  Chris would like to email Jennifer, would you please send back your home email address via return email?  Ours is mmccontex@aol.com.  Mike 
 Eric, What do you think? m 
 FYI, as we discussed. m 
 Dorie,  Thanks for everything on the Masters trip.  I thought it went very well.  I enjoyed our shirt and sweater gift but i have a question.  I got a large sweater and need a medium.  Do you have a medium left?  I brought in the large to exchange.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mary Nell,  I can't tell you how disturbed I was over this.  I can't imagine how you are feeling.  As I said in the voicemail it certainly is not a reflection on the teams efforts.  It speaks volumes about the UK and our independence!  No way to take this to the EU?  mike 
 Ron,  I hope you had a good week.  I've thought a lot about your family and you've been in my prayers.  I apologize for the delay in this email but i decided not to bother you with this while you were away.  As a follow-up to our conversation, the authors that have had the biggest influence on me and along the lines we discussed are:  Dr. Denis Waitley (The Psychology of Winning, How to Build your child's self-esteem, many others but I can't remember the titles) Dr. Norman Vincent Peale (The Power of Positive Thinking) Og Mandino (The Choice, The mission) Dr. Wayne Dyer (many) Anthony Robbins (Unlimited Power, Personal Power, many others)  Attached are a couple of the outlines I did.  To my extremee frustration I can't find some of the others that i did many years ago.  I got a lot out of all of these, usually a little from each and when you least expect it.  I am a great believer in the old saying, "When the student is ready the teacher will come".  As we discussed, the results of all of the hundreds of books and tapes have had a profound effect on me and my family.  A few direct tangible results include:  my extensive long and short term goal setting, affirmation collection (over 100 pages and growing), my family journal (80 pages and growing) .....  When you get a chance and things settle down, please give me a call or I can definitely find time for lunch.  Mike 
 Louise, I thought you would want to see this since you were there during all of those times. m 
 Thanks for the update. m 
 Christie, I don't have any interest.  Jeff Shankman is a Penn guy and I am sure he would like to do it and would be very effective. mike 
 I had a good interview with Andy Maus yesterday.  He is a strong candidate and I wanted to make you aware of his background.  His resume is attached below.  Please contact Andy if you are interested in talking with him.  Thanks. Mike 
 I had a good interview with Andy yesterday.  He is a strong candidate and you may want to consider him for origination and mid-marketing opportunities. His resume is attached below.  I highly recommend Andy and if you are interested in talking with him, please contact Shanna Funkhouser to arrange an interview.  Thanks. Mike 
 I had a good interview with Andy yesterday.  He is a strong candidate and you may want to consider him for origination and mid-marketing opportunities. His resume is attached below.  I highly recommend Andy and if you are interested in talking with him, please contact Shanna Funkhouser to arrange an interview.  Thanks. Mike 
 Mark,  Glad to have you on board.  I think you'll do great and that you will enjoy the coal business. m 
 CP, i cant open and review.  Please get a copy of the goals. m 
 All,  Attached is a presentation that I have put together to review EGM's activities.  The purpose is to provide an information package on our businesses for Senior mgt and Investor relations.  This will not be distributed externally but will education people on our businesses and some of our goals.  Please take a few minutes to briefly  review and make any comments and/or changes and fax  or provide a hard copy back to me.  You can send me copies of just the pages that have updates.  Also please focus on the map and insure that there are not mistakes ( i found some recently).  There is also a shorter version presentation that is more external and once I've updated both, i will send everyone a copy via email for your reference and use.  Thanks, mike 
 Yes, that is the level that we will be talking to him about. m 
 Emilio, let me know when it is official and draft up a congratulatory letter for my signature and send via email.  I'll put on my letterhead and sign. thanks, m 
 John,  Attached for your review is a resume for Trevor Woods.  He worked for me in 2 areas,  including directly for me in Technology.  He is outstanding and left enron to join his brother in law in a start up out in San Francisco.  He was an associate at the time.  He is interested in coming back and is talking with many areas of enron for positions.  His girlfriend, Julie Ferrara, is in Net Works and may becoming to London as an assignment.  If she does, he would really like to come as well - if it is possible.  I didn't know if you have a need but he is great and would make an excellent Jr. commercial guy in an origination type of role.  I wanted you to have shot at him as well.  Mike 
 All,  Attached is a resume for Trevor Woods.  Trevor worked with me at HPL and directly for me in Technology.  He is outstanding and left to do the dot com thing with his brother-in-law who was CEO of this company.  He is interested to come back to Enron and is talking to various people around Enron.  He has offer opportunities at EBS and EES and has been talking with Billy Lemmons about ag.  Trevor is great and would be excellent in a Jr. commercial roll in an origination type of function.  He is interested in moving pretty quickly and if you have an interest please contact him in the near future.  Shanna can coordinate the times but i recommend him highly and he would be an asset to EGM.  Mike 
 Neil -  Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Mike said thank you for the message, but unfortunately, he will be out of town April 4th - 6th and therefore unable to meet with you while you are in town next week.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 I'm fine with it. m 
 Lisa, Thanks.  It was a great trip and one that will help lead to a lot of future benefits.  Thanks again for the ticket as well. miie 
 Do you have a brochure so that i can decide when I can take off and go on to other offices? m 
 Doug,  Thanks for the email.  I am glad that you had a good meeting.  These guys are good and we are committed to this business.  I'll be at the Masters Wed - Fri.  Are you going to be there during those days?  Mike 
 All,  I just talked with Andy Fastow and Brian Redmon.  We need to pass on him, they really didn't recommend him as I was led to believe. Sorry, Mike 
 Sweet-um,  I love you too!  My first really nice email for a while.  Love, Mike 
 Virginia,  We didn't have any interest in the piece.   I am interested in the following lithos.  1. a signed Bonnard (no black and whites) and 2. a Toulouse LeTrec (awful spelling).  Let me know if you locate some choices on those two.  Thanks, mike 
 Trevor,  It was great hearing from you.   Please send me some info via email to look at and circulate.  Thanks, mike 
 Jason,  I have forwarded your resume with my commentary to Philippe Bibi, CEO of Enron Networks and Robert Jones, VP of HR for ENW.  You have an impressive resume and I hope you get a good response from Enron.  Best of luck,  Mike McConnell 
 Eric,  Thanks for the update.  Sorry for Arcos and your hard work, I know it is difficult to leave something without it being finished.  I am happy for us. m 
 Joe, Howdy from Houston.  I would really like to discuss.  I've been out the last 2 Mondays and missed your calls. I know your were out yesterday.  How about 5pm on thursday - Houston time.  Does that work?  Mike 
 Mike McConnell will be out of town and unable to attend.  Thank you.  Cathy P. X-36898 
 John and all, Please keep me informed on the progress.  Mark Frevert and I would like to meet him. mike 
 Jonathan,  Thanks for the update.  Great to have you on board.  This job is going to be great.   I am looking forward to working with you again.  Mike   Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   03/15/2001 02:59 AM 
 Hello Dr. Jacobs -  Mike asked me to follow up with you to pass along his schedule for his visit to OU in April.  Due to Mike's heavy schedule, he said that he plans to be there on Thursday for the lecture and he will be happy to join the group at The Mont following the lecture, but unfortunately he will need to return to Houston on Friday morning.  He asked me to pass along his regrets for being unable to attend the banquet on Friday evening and the Board meeting on Saturday.  I have contacted the Montford Inn to reserve a cottage for Mike, but they said they are booked.  They also said that they are holding 6 rooms for the OU Special Events group for April 19th.  If one of the six rooms is not being held for Mike, can you please suggest another hotel or inn.  Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 713-853-6898 
 Darrell,  I attempted to call you a few minutes ago (late night your time - but there was no voicemail).  I didn't want to wait several more days before I contact you.  I'm out all weekend.  Eric shared with me some of your concerns about resources for a Korea LNG opportunity.  I certainly understand your view but wanted to share some of my thoughts.  Rick and/or Clay know the Asian LNG industry better than anyone else in the company.  They are very good and I have a lot of faith in them and their ability to assess opportunities and develop projects.  They are lacking wholesale type of transaction experience that a few of the guys that have recently come into the group have.  That is why we have brought them in.   We have a very strong team and i like the mix a lot.  Eric is the person we chose to run the group for many reasons but it wasn't' done as a lack of faith in Rick or his original team.  The biggest opportunities and the viewpoint we must take in this business is running it like a wholesale unit and running it as a portfolio of transactions and books.  That certainly doesn't  mean that 20 years of experience doesn't have enormous value especially in the non-Atlantic markets.  Rick is in the process of coming back to Houston after the shut down of our middle east projects and strategy.  Rick is also in the process of assessing what exactly he would like to do in the time of transition.  My very sincere hope is that he will stay in the LNG group and perform a very important role especially in this type of development or deal making role.  Especially  in a big deal in Japan, Korea or something in the Asian area.  We will discuss this next week when he comes to town.  I need Eric to be in Houston right now due to our Elba Island, Venezuela and Bahamas immediate activity.  He will certainly be engaged in everything but he can not be focuses as much as you need in Korea or Joe needs in Japan.  Please give me a call next week and we can discuss this in more detail.  Thanks, mike   PS - Frevert also likes this role for Rick.  Also the Eric specific head role has not been officially announced yet. 
 Who is getting the e-mail messages for Cathy Phillips? 
 Bob,  I just tried to contact you but rolled to your voicemail which told me that your mailbox was full and it wouldn't let me leave a message.  The operator then sent me into a Nuevo message that stated that the office was closed. Sorry for my late return call but I've been running at full speed since 6:45 am.  Please call when you get a chance.  Also let me know via voicemail if this is urgent.  Mike 
 David,  Howdy.  Thanks for the email.  I agree he is a very sharp guy and does a great job.  I will be attending the Masters again this year.  I will be on our 2nd trip which is Wed - Friday.  We do normally have a very full agenda but if you'll leave me your information, I'll try to stop and say hello.  Thanks, Mike 
 John,  I'm sorry I missed you before you went off to Dhabi.  I had difficult mornings while in town.  I'll call you next week to discuss the weather organization structure and the best way to move forward.  Have a good holiday.  I think you'll like the UAE.  Mike 
 Peter,  Thanks for your voicemail and email.  Your resume is impressive and I have 2 thoughts.  Most of our efforts in EGM are not asset related but I would suggest you contact 2 people:  Eric Gonzales for LNG activities and possible construction projects and Rick Bergseiker, Middle East and also co-heads LNG.  Thanks and good luck.  Mike 
 Dan, FYI. m 
 Chad, thank you for your email.  I will forward on to Dan Reck who is responsible for our new Enron Freight Markets business.  I am sure you will be hearing from him.  Thanks, m 
 I am no longer the CEO for Technology for Enron.  I am  now CEO for Enron Global Markets and do not have any tech. responsibilities.  Please take me of the distribution list.  Thank you, mike 
 Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Listed below is the information you requested:  Coverall Size ( or suit jacket size) 38L Boot Size    9-1/2 Belt Size    30 waist  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 George, what is that status of this?  Kinder hasn't called on this but probably will.  Let's discuss or leave me an email. thanks, m 
 Eric,  A couple of high priority activities we need to address very quickly. Run down of Nigeria deal (100/400 mmbtu/d) Bahamas - Skilling update, acceleration of Corp effort, approvals Elba - supply and managing t-o-p Ven - Lay call, timing of Ven decision and game plan R Bergseiker future and other EI people Asia strategy and clarification Current view of Long/Short via category of segment (shipping, physical, facilities)  I know you are on top of all of these items but Jeff and I want to run them down and get an update.  Thanks, m 
 Cheryl,  Thanks for the update.  I like the progress.  I realize that we can not cover us 100% for the future contract but at least it will help.  What I think we need is some way to protect us incase he gives us a very high bid price to build the house  because we are captive.  What do you suggest as a possible remedy?  Some sort of checks on allowing others to bid?   Some sort of out on re-purchasing the lot at a set price?  Without a cost plus methodology we could be very vulnerable here.  What do you think?  A few of the other issues you addressed in the earlier fax.  2. Earnest money:  I like putting it in title company vs. Flair. 3. Title policy:  Lets go ahead and take the additional coverage, I think it is prudent especially with the new subdivision. How much does an additional 15% cost?  I don't have any idea. 4.  have provided 5.  not sure i understand this 6.  yes, delete 7. definitely change and check b1 and hire an inspector 8. add in clarifying statement 9. agree to add builder obligation.  I am fine with a quick closing date and needs specificity.  Does he have an estimated time of completion? 10. Rollback taxes:  I agree, clarify as to the exemption, we need to be protected here. 11. add this to contract.  Flare may want the money but we should try it.  I hope this helps.  After you review and discuss these issues, let's get together via phone and discuss outstanding issues.  Please call Cathy Phillips with a time to talk.  She can be reached at 713 853-6898  Thanks, m 
 John,  We had a successful off-site in Miami this weekend.  We reviewed all of the= =20 EGM businesses and our goals and objectives for 2001.  I will send you a co= py=20 of the presentations for your information and review - good airplane readin= g.=20  I have had several additional discussions on our Global weather business a= nd=20 have come to a decision on how we need to run the weather business.   I=20 believe that we do need 100% full time dedication from each and any employe= e=20 that is dedicated to the weather business including in the overall=20 development and execution of our global strategy and positions.   I have a= =20 great deal of confidence and am holding Mark Tawney responsible and=20 accountable for extensive growth and profitability in the business on a=20 global basis.  We need to hire additional people to add to grow the business in Japan and= =20 Australia.  Joe and Paul are on board with this strategy and Mark will work= =20 with them to accomplish the hiring of people and needed resources.  This wi= ll=20 not just be talk but we will get these people in place by specific=20 deadlines.  We will pay all of those people's expenses and of course the=20 business leaders will be on board with the hiring and the weather guys will= =20 be expected to be a valuable team player and resource to their group.  On the Norway front, we need to implement the same organization structure. = =20 We have talked a lot about Thor and better communication, but we need to ma= ke=20 a change.  On the communication front, we will have weekly calls with him a= nd=20 the weather group to make sure that we are all on the same page and he is u= p=20 to speed with where we are going.  If I am in town, I=01,ll make those call= s as=20 well.   Jeff did have a video call with Thor last week to talk about his=20 email and it went well.  Upon my return from London, I learned that Thor an= d=20 the London group put out a press release about putting out pricing on about= =20 1,000 new products on 15 cities and even changing the index.  Neither Mark= =20 nor Jeff were even aware of this event nor was it even brought up in the ca= ll=20 as something that was going to happen.  Also the hiring of Lars Elmlund as = a=20 weather  originator, without any discussion, also illustrates the lack of= =20 communication or desire to work together.  I am not saying that Mark or Tho= r=20 are totally to blame, they both deserve credit for not working together, bu= t =20 we are going to change the future and make sure that it will work better.  = I=20 know that all of Thor's group is very loyal to Thor and the weather guys ma= y=20 not want to transition into EGM.  If that is the case, we can make it work= =20 via London.  I think the key is our approach to Thor and that this isn't=20 meant as a reflection on him but is a change that is consistent with how we= =20 are running all of our EGM businesses around the world.  The specific weath= er=20 piece of his business is very small and isn't going to effect his P&L=20 significantly (he'll actually be net positive!).  I certainly want to do this with the least impact on the rest of your=20 organization.  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues=20 surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those= =20 involved in order to implement this in the most effective manner.  I am unavailable (London time) on Monday and Tuesday but will make myself= =20 available to your schedule upon my return after that.  Thanks, mike  PS - This email is going just to you and Jeff and won't be shared with anyo= ne=20 else. 
 Don,  Thanks for the email and quick response.  I'll address in more detail later, I'm gong out of town again this morning, but I did call Alan Kent and you will have a copy of his standard construction agreement and a copy of the deed restrictions e-mailed today.  Also please call Alan directly with any questions on the contract.  Larry is his real estate agent for selling homes in this subdivision and i believe he is just helping him.  Alan should be able to answer most of your questions for clarifications quickly.  I don't need to be an intermediary.  In case you don't have his numbers, he can be reached at his office at 281 376-1500 or cell 281 960-3749.  We can discuss the other issues you addressed later when i get a chance to review them more carefully.  We are comfortable with Alan as the builder and want him to build the house, we just want to have a remedy if things don't go well.  Thanks, mike 
 Thanks, no interest. m 
 Emilo,  Thanks for the information.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do.  I know that Neal Gerstandt just joined the company last week and will be working with you on project Jose.  You will find him to be a great guy and a person with excellent judgment and overall experience in the energy industry.  I have known and worked with Neal for over 10 years.  I think he will make a great addition to the team and help bring this deal home.... the largest deal at Enron.  Mike 
 Derryl,  Thank you for your email and ideas.   I have kept up with some of the=20 Strategic Sourcing activities and know that things are going well.=20  Enron's art committee's stated vision,  goals and objectives are similar to= =20 the ones you reflected in your email.  As I have stated on an earlier voicemail to George (I can't remember if I= =20 called you as well) the Enron Art committee has spent a lot of time focussi= ng=20 on our vision and goals for the Enron art collection.  This has been=20 coordinated with the approval and support of Ken and Jeff and we have Ned= =20 Rifkin (Menil) and Barry Walker (MFA) advising us.   I believe that we are= =20 making progress with our goals and acquisitions.  Thank you for submitting these concepts.  We are executing on our approved= =20 goals and are not going to pursue your ideas at this time.=20  Good luck with your endeavors.  Mike 
 Darryl, I couldn't open your attachment.  Please resend. m 
 Greg, Thanks.  We'll resolve. m 
 Rebecca,  I would also like to bring Jeff Shankman with me to the board meeting.  He has never attended one.  It has been a long time since i have presented anything to board especially like this.  Would you please provide me a copy of the last couple of presentations so that I can be consistent and give them the right kind of information.  Thanks, mike 
 Vijay,  I apologize for the delay in getting back to you. I've been traveling again= . =20 I also just found this in my in-box as returned as un-delivered (I put only= =20 two v(s) instead of three.    I hope your other discussions went well that= =20 day. =20  Below are a few comments that i believe you addressed and wanted some=20 additional feedback from our coal activities and changes in the coal=20 industry.  I wanted to get this out to you quickly so please forgive this= =20 lack of formality or writing creativity.  Enron activity (EOL) Enron's online activity has been very successful especially as compared wit= h=20 our early estimations of acceptance by the industry.  I believe that there = is=20 only one other active coal trading system (Dynegy direct) that simply isn't= =20 posting prices as a bulletin board and waiting for a response with telephon= e=20 follow-up.  I also believe that we have done a very significant amount of o= r=20 maybe all the coal transactions on Dynegy direct to date.  We do a lot of o= ur=20 business online and the numbers YTD are that approx. 45% of our trades are= =20 executed online.  That number has been higher, as much as 90% for certain= =20 months or when we are trying something new or moving a particular product. = =20 Also, as Bid/Ask spreads tighten, which we would expect, that bodes well fo= r=20 EOL and our (and the markets) ability to transact even more quickly. =20 Transactions that took days to put together now can be done in 1 second. = =20 Between the speed and the cost savings of having a fully integrated system,= =20 we believe that our transaction numbers and percentages of online business= =20 will significantly increase.  Changes in the industry We discussed changes that we believe are coming in the industry.  We see=20 several things on the horizon.  We expect the acceptance of the online=20 transactions to further increase; especially with the volatile price=20 movements what we have seen in the last 6 months.  We are currently=20 developing several new products for EOL that I believe will become very=20 popular and will create new markets in coal and related sectors.  I don't= =20 want to discuss them right now but we are close to releasing them and I thi= nk=20 they will raise some eyebrows.    The development of the Global Coal exchan= ge=20 will also help.  I frankly don=01,t believe it will be very successful beca= use=20 of several things but primarily because of the difficulty in closing the=20 transaction. One thing has been very firmly demonstrated.  Every time a new= =20 big system has been introduced EOL volumes go up.  It simply accelerates th= e=20 acceptance of online business and it gets down to the best prices and=20 liquidity to see who will ultimately win the day.  Another big change in th= e=20 industry is the growing acceptance of the OTC market.  The significant pric= e=20 changes that have occurred have "forced" many traditional players to the OT= C=20 market.  This also includes forcing them to agree to standard OTC terms and= =20 conditions and getting them comfortable with the market.  This is very good= =20 for Enron especially when you consider that we are the major player on the= =20 OTC market.  We don't release specific percentages of what we are doing on= =20 the OTC.  Also having more natural and traditional players signing these=20 types of standard agreements helps us on the EOL side because standard=20 contracts are important for developing a more liquid commodity market.  Enron coal volumes A couple of numbers that we are willing to release.  Year to date, we have= =20 made markets and transacted approx. 30 million tons in the forward market. = =20 On the physical side of our transactions, about 25% go physical vs.=20 financial.  Last year Enron was the largest US market maker (not producer)= =20 with 142 million tons transacted.   Internationally we moved approx. 47=20 million tons and overall the total was slightly less than 190 million tons.= =20 We have high expectations for 2001.  I believe that we should be up approx= =20 65% and we are on track with that.   I think the industry would be surprise= d=20 that we did almost 2,800 transactions in 2000.   This doesn=01,t include an= y of=20 our shipping business.  I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.  Mike 
 Shanna,  What a deal.  When Jonathan and I talked, he did ask if this deal with Net Works was a problem.  I told him that I wouldn't imagine it would be an issue but to work it out with Eric and i gave him yours and Cindy's name rather than Robert.  Is this out of line with others at his level and responsiblity?  Mike 
 Jeff, Let me know what you think.  Please make changes to make more accurate and effective.  I will send this to him and follow up with a discussion.  It needs some work. m    draft  John,  I have just had some additional discussions on our Global weather business and have come to a decision on how we need to run the weather business.   I believe that we do  need 100% full time dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather business including in the overall development and execution of or global strategy and positions.   I have a great deal of confidence and am holding Mark Tawney responsible and accountable for extensive growth and profitability in the business.  We need to hire additional people to add to grow the business in Japan and Australia.  Joe and Paul are on board with this strategy and Mark will work with them to accomplish the hiring of people and needed resources.  This will not be talk but we will get these people in place by specific deadlines.  We will pay all of those people's expenses and they will be on board with the hiring and will be expected to be a valuable team player and resource to their group.  On the Norway front, we need to implement the same organization structure. We have talked a lot about Thor and better communication, but we need to make a change.  We will have weekly calls with him and the weather group to make sure that we are all on the same page and he is up to speed with where we are going.  Jeff did have a video call with Thor to talk about his email and it went well.  Upon my return I learned that Thor and the London group put out a press release about putting out pricing on 1,000 cities and even changing the index.  Neither Mark or Jeff were even aware of this event nor was it even brought up in the call as something that was going to happen.  Also the hiring of xxxxxx as a weather  originator, without any discussion, also illustrates the lack of communication or desire to work together.  I am not saying that Mark or Thor are totally to blame, they both deserve credit for not working together, but  we are going to change the future and make sure that it will work better.  I know that all of Thor's group is very loyal to Thor and may not want to transition into EGM and if that is the case, we can make it work via London.  I think the key is our approach to Thor and that this isn't meant as a reflection on him but is a consistent change with how we are running all of our businesses around the world.  The weather piece of his business is very small and isn't going to effect his P&L significantly (he'll actually be net positive!)  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those involved to make this the most effective.  This email is going just to you and Jeff and won't be shared with anyone else.  mike 
 Congrats, he is a great guy. m 
 Dan Reck 
 Sweet-um, Howdy.  Does your AOL work after I go into the work VPN? m 
 FYI, there is no official meeting with Chavez. m 
 All,  At our offsite in Miami next week, each of you are on the agenda to present your business and goals.  This will be very short, only 20 minutes (an agenda will soon follow but we will have a business meeting from 8am - 11:30am on Saturday).  Please prepare a few of pages on power point and submit to Cathy Phillips so that she can have all the presentations ready for that Saturday morning.  Attached below is a copy of the abbreviated goals that I submitted to Frevert, summarizing EGM's 2001 goals.  Please do not hesitate to change the list and add to it, it is only a guide and was used as a quick reference of EGM for the Enron board.  After this meeting, I will take each of your presentations and make a more comprehensive goals and objectives list for EGM as a business unit.  Also please add some of your other specific goals that illustrate where you want to be by year end regarding your competitive position and/or market share.  For example, to be the largest marketer of coal in the US, to be the largest options player in crude and products, or what ever is appropriate.  Also attached, for your information, is a recent  presentation from the coal group.  We thought that this was an excellent format and review.  In the upcoming weeks, we would like to see an update on each of your businesses as well.  I will let you know more in the next few weeks about the timing and format.  Thanks, Mike 
 Hi John -  I thought I would let you know that Mike McConnell will be in London on business on Friday and therefore will be unable to attend.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 Virginia, we did get the package but can't address right now.  thanks, m 
 John,  This just got sent and it appears you were left of the cc list.  We will be discussing with your guys this week to determine the best way forward. Everyone is under earnings pressure and it is asking too much for someone to dedicate 10-20% of their time on a product.  The intent of this email is not to take people but to add people to the offices, if necessary, to make sure they live, eat and drink weather.  We can discuss when I'm in later this week.  Mike 
 John, attached below is my first draft.  It isn't pretty and i would like you comments and changes.  Please make changes directly on the word doucment and send back asap.  thanks, m 
 FYI 
 Randy, Thanks for the update.  I like your plan.  I like the McKinsey part as well.   Please make sure that Suzanne understands the plan and that you John and Larry agree on the way forward.  If there are any issues, please let Jeff or me know.. m 
 Pelt, I thought you would like this.  I hope all is well.  Everything is great in Houston. m 
 In case you haven't seen this. Hope all is well.  Things are great here. mike 
 Ken,  I'm back.  Sorry for the delay.  It's been crazy here and I'm very backed up on emails especially the fun ones like this.  My brief moment in print (very brief) certainly hasn't gone to my head especially as an Enron  "B" teamer.  In response to your worker bee comment, I can certainly say "buzz" but not someone who can sell that many shares of stock!  You are the king.  Your last email was good and I'm not sure I can respond adequately but at least I didn't get help!  You win......but you still owe me lunch.  Mike 
 I thought you would get a kick out of this. m 
 Good luck and let us know, including Rebecca and her team. thanks, m 
 please print in color, bind and return this afternoon. thanks, m 
 thanks, m 
 fine 
 Jeff,  I made a few suggestions and retyped in the document for your consideration.  I added a few words and changed the order.  If you don't like them, go ahead and change them back and send out.  Thanks, m 
 Shanna, talk with Rick but he will be working until June or July then he will retire and be available as a consultant to us. m 
 Yes it is.  Listening to clients, a great business model! m 
 Approved. John Nowlan will make sure that someone from Net Works sees it as well so if they get a call they can discuss it. m 
 Mike McConnell asked me to send you a message saying that the sidebar looks fine.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 I like it, that is where I am staying! m 
 Dan,  Eric hasn't called me but if he does you know I'll help. m 
 Thanks for the update.  We'll discuss again when I am over next week. m 
 George,  I just talked to Rich.  I told him about the timing of the settlement proposal and that we should hear back late next week.  I also suggested that if we get a negative response, that you and i would give him a call and update.   He is being patient but I have a feeling that it has its limits. His response is logical to this point because as he stated, there should be a lot of money in this for both parties and thus a commercial settlement.  Mike 
 Randy, I would be happy to sign it with legal approval and Tim Detriming's group must also see it to make sure that we are not obligating ourselves to anything else that is going on around the corporation.  Maffet knows the drill.  mike 
 Jeff, I called Joe this morning and left him a pre-email voicemail on this.  I referenced the power of 100% focus and the accountability for someone driving the earnings and his pressure to make earnings in trading and electricity.  I like your email and tone.  I would like to recommend you add a statement about Morten being very strong and that we aren't attempting to "own" him vs. having a 100%  dedicated weather guy.  I would also add that you want to talk him about this and how we could move quickly to complete our global vision with tawney.  MIke 
 Jeff, here is Gary's review.  It is still on the wrong template and I'll correct today.  Please review carefully and make changes and return. tx m 
 John, Thanks, I'll talk with him. m 
 Jeff, attached is Georges review for tomorrow.  Please review thoroghly, add and make changes and be sure to check for errors.  There is no spell check on the PEP system.  Please review and attache the document and return for signature.  thanks, mike 
 Please remove Mike McConnell from this distribution list.  Thank you. 
 Jeff Shankman.  Steve Kean will also look in occasionally. m 
 Thanks, Great job, I thought the trip was great and productive.  Maybe next time we'll meet the pres. m 
 Jeff, My brother had this guy call him and he forwarded his resume.  Do you know him?  Any interest? If you do, please forward on. Thanks, mike 
 Lea,  You called yesterday.  I am swamped and unavailable.  On Jeff Koons, I am sure that Jeff talked with you last week and he shared his insight from other dealers at your dinner and his comments.  It sounds like we should let him go and not pursue.  I was going to talk with Skilling that day and elected to drop it after that.  See you on Monday.  Mike 
 Jeff, I couldn't open the attachment and there was no name reference.  Who is this? m 
 All,  After filling out and gathering all the feedback forms in the last couple of weeks, Jeff and I just realized that we forgot to ask everyone for an accomplishment list from each of you.  We have had a very successful 2001 so far and we need to be able to discuss each group and your personal mid-year in detail.  Please send us an email with your accomplishments so that we have all the facts during the PRC process.  This doesn't need to be formal but simply put together and email to both of us for the appropriate time.  Thanks, Mike and Jeff 
 Renee, Wow!  I was so happy to get your email.  Congrats.  You guys make a cute couple.  I'll try to attend, it is on the calendar. mike 
 Any interest? - Maybe for Randy or Doug? m 
 pls print in color m 
 Larry, listed below are the 3 goals i put in for your group.  This was fine= =20 for today but please review and make any changes needed to be more accurate= =20 and also to add detail.  Finance and Structuring ? Create $15 million in gross margin and $12 million in EBIT ? Create earnings and structures that utilities Enron=01,s=01, structures t= o=20 minimize balance sheet and maximize earnings and cash flows ? Create funds flow of $150 million and net cash flow of $59 million  thanks, m 
 thanks for the quick and thorough response. m 
 Thanks for your thorough and prompt response 
 Per,  Today, I submitted a brief summary of each groups 2001 goals.  I wasn't able to talk to you before putting these out but they were fine for step one. Please review  and make any changes you wish to them.  I also need you to add as many specifics as possible.  For example number of transactions, $ amounts, etc.  Please read and make the changes on this email and return to me asap.  Keep your goals to no more than 5.  Global Risk Markets ? Create $38 million in gross margin and $26 million in EBIT ? Complete and market and execute transactions in three primary technologies:  double trigger, upstream term-working interest and power price risk  Thanks, mike 
 Mark,  Listed below are the goals i initially submitted for your group for 2001. = =20 Please take a moment and review, change and add details to make it more=20 clear.  These worked for step 1 but i now need more detail - e.g. describe= =20 your long term transactions again.  Please amend on this email below and=20 return asap.  Weather ? Create $38 million in gross margin and $24 million in EBIT ? Implement a fully integrated global front to back weather system=20 ? Lever Enron=01,s scope and scale to create a true global group that can= =20 capitalize on opportunities around the world to executive global arbs and= =20 global meteorological opportunities ? Originate 3 additional SMUD (dual trigger) like transactions; 1 structure= d=20 tax related transaction and at least 1 new structured financial transaction  Thanks, m 
 Gary, Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.= =20 please review and make changes on this email as you wish.  Also please add= =20 details to each dot point that would make it measurable and successful for= =20 2001.  Please take a few minutes and make changes and return asap.  Financial Trading ? Create $110 million in gross margin and $80 million in EBIT ? Expand Enron=01,s successful equity trading group into other areas that c= an=20 take advantage of Enron=01,s network and competitive advantages in existing= =20 businesses ? Establish agriculture origination and trading business (starting with=20 coffee, sugar, cocoa) ? Establish equity trading group in London and a smaller group in Tokyo  Thanks, m 
 Eric, I came up with a few goals and objectives for each group within EGM.  These= =20 are what i came up with for LNG and which included some information from Ri= ck.  Please review and add (and change the language) as you believe better=20 represents your business.  Also I need additional specifics where possible.  LNG ? Create $60 million in gross margin and $50 million in EBIT ? Create a portfolio of positions including supply sources, shipping and=20 markets to open and generate a new markets for LNG globally that can maximi= ze=20 and take advantage of the highest net backs ? Develop an online market for LNG on EnronOnline ? Close and deliver spot transactions around the world that illustrates Enr= on=01, s ability to change the industry=20 ? Close Project Jose; successfully manage the supply and shipping positions= =20 around Dabhol=20   Please amend on this email and return asap. thanks, m 
 fyi 
 John, =20  Listed below are the goals that i drafted for Crude and Products from your= =20 voicemail.  Please review and make changes including adding specific=20 information (eg:  number of deals, volumes, specific types of transactions,= =20 etc.) to each dot point.  Also please don't hesitate to change the way it i= s=20 worded.  Please respond tomorrow if possible or as soon as you get back.=20   Crude and Products ? Create $150 million in gross margin and $83 million in EBIT ? Develop mid-market liquidity around defined books ? Develop long term structured origination group to generate earnings,=20 compliment or mitigate existing trading positions and build deal flow ? Extend into new and key business opportunities to exploit Enron=01,s natu= ral=20 gas and power businesses Develop a physical presence by moving xxxxx bbls/day in US and xxxx=20 internationally  Thanks, m 
 Please cancel the Palm.Net service effective immediately.  I am no longer using the Palm Pilot and therefore do not need the Palm.Net service.  Thank you for your assistance. 
 Greg,  I received request for our goals on a voicemail while coming back from Venezuela.  I didn't know exactly what you  were looking for or the audience but i have listed a few initial goals and thoughts for each business unit. We are in the process of creating more specific goals for each group for 2001.  Each already has their own but they are not in a final and consistent format.  We have an off-site meeting later this month in which we will address this as a group.  In addition, George and the coal group completed theirs late last week and Mark Tawney is returning tomorrow with re-defined goals as part of the process.  Also, I have attached some new global formats that I received as I was leaving the country on some specific items that we need to insure a successful year.  Most of this information has never been put together before.  I have projected out a 50% growth factor as a starting point and will break this down to specific groups and goals to insure that we will meet these goals.  As you know a lot of this was started when I put together the EGM presentation and gathered information for the analyst meeting.  Let me know if you need something else or if this is not what you are looking for.  Mike 
 Jeff attached are the first drafts of the following reviews.  Please review and make changes on the document itself.  This is not in any final form and will have numerous errors.  Please make corrections as you go along as well. There is no spell check on this form.  Gary and George are tomorrow morning.  Mike 
 DH,  Here is my first draft for Rick's review.  It is not complete and was done on an airplane.  It needs work but I didn't want to hold it up.  Please make any changes and additions on the attached word document and send it back.  Thanks, mike 
 Emilo, A few things that I want to make sure that we have in our briefing package. A map of the region and facility Assessment of country risk address concern that a lot of "old" money (big Landowners) are taking their money out of the country - something we shouldn't ignore Update on other Ven. activities for ENE   Other How is this going to work with translators? Earlier meetings with Ministers? We want to have a dinner the night before with key people  We are now flying out after the meeting on Friday on the company plane.  Mike 
 Shanna,  I certainly believe that Jennifer is better than Kim.  Jeff is certainly the appropriate judge but she is very young and has a lot yet to learn.  This comment is not meant as a cut down at all.   John's questionable judgement shouldn't just be trumped however.  My thoughts, m 
 Shanna, I'm supportive of the raise to $150k.  I think he is doing a good job and has a lot of value.  He didn't fair well during the ranking due to lack of big $ or closure but maybe this will send him a good message.  Thanks, m 
 Please distribute the following message to all of Enron Wholesale Services= =20 this evening.  Please use the Enron Global Markets - Office of the Chairman= =20 letterhead.  Please send a copy of the message to Cathy Phillips (X-36898)= =20 for review prior to the message being distributed.  Thank you.   Enron Global Markets ended the year with a great deal of momentum and with= =20 very high expectations for 2001.  In order to better focus and expand the= =20 various businesses within Global Markets, we are pleased to announce the=20 following organizational changes.  Crude and Products This group is being re-organized into product lines in order to better focu= s=20 and maximize coverage and increase our market-making abilities.  The=20 following individuals leading these groups report directly to John Nowlan.  Global Crude Oil Don Schroeder and Bill White will manage our global crude oil books.  Don= =01,s=20 emphasis will be on the development and expansion of our physical crude=20 positions both domestically and abroad.  Bill will manage the various=20 financial crude positions globally and will focus on developing these books= .  Distillate Chris Mahoney will have responsibility of all distillate positions.  Chris= =20 will focus on developing our global distillate strategy, building the=20 business both physically and financially.  Global Fuel Oil Niamh Clarke will expand her role managing our global fuel oil and resid=20 positions.  Emphasis will be placed on re-establishing Enron in the financi= al=20 fuel market in the US and developing a physical fuel strategy.  Global Gasoline and Components Jim Goughary will assume responsibility for our global gasoline and=20 components business.  Following up on our expansion into the European marke= t=20 in 2000, we look forward to Jim expanding our presence in the US as well as= =20 Asian Markets.  Global LPG Erik Hansen and Adam Gross will be responsible for the development and=20 execution of our global LPG trading and strategy.  Under their guidance we= =20 look to expand our presence into the Asian Pacific markets, as well as=20 continuing to grow our US and European operations.  Petrochemical and Plastics Stuart Bland and Douglas Friedman will be responsible for the continued=20 development and growth of our petrochemical and plastics business.  They wi= ll=20 work to further expand both our physical and financial presence in these=20 markets.  Fuel Management Doug Leach will continue in his role developing our fuel management busines= s=20 as well as other long-term structural transactions.=20  Global Origination Randy Maffett has joined the group to lead, develop and grow all global=20 origination activities for the group.  Randy=01,s most recent assignment wa= s in=20 restructuring several equity investments for ENA. =20  Enron Freight This new group under the leadership of Dan Reck is developing a business in= =20 the inter-modal transportation area in the United States.  Shawn Cumberland= =20 has joined this group to lead and expand the origination opportunities in= =20 this business.  Shawn=01,s most recent assignment was as COO of the CALME r= egion.  Global Risk Management Jere Overdyke has elected to leave Enron after almost 10 years of service. = =20 Per Sekse will take over the leadership of this very exciting and growing= =20 business.  Per is located in Enron=01,s New York office but will be spendin= g a=20 significant amount of his time in Houston.  We look forward to this year and feel the above changes will provide the=20 focus and momentum we need to deliver a record performance in 2001.  Please congratulate everyone on their new assignments. 
 Bruce, I've been out of the office until Monday afternoon since the day of our meeting.  I forwarded your presentation to several individuals that night. I'll follow back with them and get back to you. thanks, m 
 Tuesday is fine but i do need it. m 
 Jeff, Interesting.  Do you like this guy?  What about Crude and products origination working for Randy?  On the LNG front we should look at him if you like him but i don't think it is a no brainer.  Neal will be coming on in 2 weeks, do we need him?  Maybe we do. m 
 Thanks, m    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff and John,  Attached is the most recent draft of the reorg announcement.  Cathy will have this ready to go out tomorrow, close of business.  Please review again and mark up any changes that you believe are required.  Please read the Per and Randy section carefully for errors and wording.  JN, Please change wording for Randy's most recent assignment, i put something down as a marker.  Also come up with a 1 sentence lead for Randy on the expected growth and opportunities around his efforts.  Please read carefully for better wording and errors.  Return to Cathy by 2 pm and we will make final changes and send it out at 6pm.  Thanks, Mike 
 Tom,  In response to our discussion, attached is Fritz's resume.  It doesn't prin= t=20 well.  As i mentioned earlier, I have know him for many years and was his= =20 employee and then his business partner.  I exited the business when we were= =20 ready to go public (which never happened as planned).  His company went und= er=20 a couple years after that. =20  Fritz is an amazing self made man.  He is the consummate salesman and would= =20 be (and he now has some background) a great trainer.  He works tirelessly a= nd=20 has a great deal of energy and sales experience.  At one point he was=20 considered to be one of the top natural gas transport experts in the US and= =20 that is where he made his millions at Excel.  He lost all of it in the end.  He needs help and has come to me for consulting work or a job.  Robert Jone= s,=20 VP for HR for Wholesale - Networks, worked with him and he did some work fo= r=20 us and was pleased with the training work.  He is also considering other=20 options.  I thought he might fit somewhere in your organization because of his sales,= =20 marketing and ability to work with a wide variety of  customers.  EES has s= o=20 many different types of jobs and skill sets.  I would be very grateful if you or Beth would interview him and see if ther= e=20 is a fit somewhere in the organization.  I would really appreciate it if on= e=20 of you would take 30 minutes and see if there is a fit anywhere.  Thank you very much.  I consider this a favor and one that might just work= =20 out.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Marty,  I can't attend and sent it on to Jeff Shankman.  I really like the concept and would like to see the end product and the presentations.  Are you taping it?  Its a great idea and format.  Thanks for inviting me.  Mike 
 FYI, I think this is interesting.  I won't be able to attend but do you have any time to see some of this.  The morning looks interesting.  What do you think? m 
 I would really like that.  I don't have any specific suggestions. mike 
 Howdy, I could not open the attachment.  Could you please resend or cut and paste it into the body of the email. thanks, mike 
 John,  This is a follow-up to our earlier discussion.  I would like to have you lay out our physical crude needs to become a player a long with some action steps to accomplish the goal.  I don't want to forget about this because I believe it may be something we need to assign someone or a mid-market or originator or team to accomplish.  I would like to see foreign and domestic. I see this as one of our possible competitive advantages or at least to solve the problem of not being in the know and getting second hand info or pricing.  Thanks, mike 
 Robert,  Thanks,  I've talked with EES - Tom White and I will forward on his resume for consideration.  I will also talk with Stan Horton.  Mike 
 Paul, I am in the early stages of planning my next run to Singapore and Sydney.  I was thinking about bringing my wife and staying over a couple of days (or a week).  What is the weather like in July and are you going to be there? Thanks, Mike 
 Ken,  I had to respond.  Speaking of bitch....all of the Cornhusker fans are bitching about Stoops not  taking the head coach position at the Cleveland Browns or any other job that will get him out of their backyard.  By the way, Stoops just started working on his book "OU's 7th Football National Championship"; Chapter 3, Who are the Huskers?  mike 
 Paul,  FYI, you were invited to our off-site because we felt that our businesses were so linked together and that we could all get on the same page with regard to updates, vision and relationship building.  We also invited Joe and Thor as the only other non-EGM people.  If you can make it would be great but we do know how difficult it is to make it over.  I did hear your California request and it could happen.  We haven't found the right place yet. California is experiencing serious blackouts and it could be difficult. We'll be in touch.  Cheers, mike 
 Joe,  FYI, you were invited to our off-site because we felt that our businesses were so linked together and that we could all get on the same page with regard to updates, vision and relationship building.  We also invited Paul and Thor as the only other non-EGM people.  If you can make it would be great but we do know how difficult it is to make it over.  Cheers, mike 
 Thor,  I am sorry that you can't make it but please don't worry about it.  We wanted to invite you as an important business leader and give you an update on our businesses and also have you share your vision and accomplishments of your great work in Norway.  We intended to only invite 3 non-EGM officers, Joe Hirl, Paul Quilkey and you.  I hope you have a great holiday.  Cheers, mike 
 Mark, I thought you would enjoy seeing our banter.  Any suggestions at  a good comeback. m 
 Actually, I believe that may be correct.  I verified it in the new book by Tom Osborn,  How OU dominated my coaching career - my only losing record in Coaching.  It was a best seller. m 
 Virginia,  Hello.  I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph.  I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London, William Weston.  They should be delivered this week.  They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection.  By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.  I have also purchased an Appel in the last month.  I am interested in several artists.  Actually, a lot.  I will be looking for one or more of the following.  My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like.  I listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities).  They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it.  I want signed and numbered.  I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision.  I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive.  For example, I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper.  At least that is what I am thinking now.  Bonnard (colorful only) Lautrec Suerat (any works on paper? - I don't know that he did any) Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos Braque Moore Arp Rouault Modrian Rothko Kline Motherwell  By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago.  It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a "push wa" (pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling).  It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000.  Is there 1 available?  Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.  Thanks, mike 
 Huskers drool over Sooners. 
 Jeff, here is the intial draft.  Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary.  I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down.  Mike 
 Mark, I thought you would enjoy the comment about you. m 
 Thanks for the note.   Sooners rule.  We'll find time when things settle down. m 
 Mike McConnell asked me to contact you to set up a 30 minute meeting next week.  Please let me know if you are available to meet on Monday, Jan. 22nd at 4:30 p.m. or Wednesday, Jan. 24th at 11:15 a.m.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 
 The Enron Global Markets - Office of the Chairman has scheduled an off-site planning session for February 23-25, 2001. (Please disregard any previous date information you may have received.)  It is very important that each person on the distribution list of this message mark their calendar now and make every effort to attend the off-site session.  The information for the off-site meeting is as follows:  Date/Time: Friday, February 23rd through Sunday, February 25th  Location: The Delano Hotel Miami Beach, Florida  Arrangements have been made for hotel reservations for each person.  However, each attendee is responsible for their own flight arrangements.  Flight suggestions and more detailed off-site information will be forwarded as soon as it has been finalized.  In order to provide an accurate head-count to the hotel, it is important that you confirm your attendance today (Friday) by contacting Jennifer Burns at X-39440 or jennifer.burns@enron.com by 2:00 p.m.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Jennifer or Cathy Phillips at X-36898.  We look forward to seeing you at the off-site.  Thank you. 
 Simone, Please change the heading under the transaction summary from "Global Products" to "Global Markets". Thanks, mike 
 Now you're committed! m 
 For your followup and confirmation. thanks,m 
 Doug, that is up to you and John. m 
 Rick,  thanks.  I will listen in occasionally as well. m 
 FYI, here is the latest updated presentation. mike 
 Kathie,  Thank you for your email.  I've been out and all over the world.  I appreciate your help on this article.  Attached is a copy of a presentation that will fill you in on some of the businesses that we are working on.  This should give you some ideas and clarifications on the first draft.  Here are a few other points of emphasis.  EGM was created to provide sharpened focus on very large global markets and commodities to enable them to grow quickly These markets are huge and we will become a big player rather than being active in them EGM provideds true network for market making opportunities related to commodities that are highly liquid in physical and financial terms and are enormous in market size EGM leverages the value of Enron's existing network and international asset positions EGM's operation will coordinate with leveraging all of our wholesale businesses EGM has very aggressive growth targets in transactions and earnings EGM has contributed almost $200 million in gross margin in its first  2 quarters in existence Go big or go home philosophy EGM will represent a clear transfer of  Enron wholesale market making model into other commodities this year GROWTH is the key!!!   Thanks for your help.  Mike 
 CP, Please forward her a bio, to save time, and schedule the time with her. thanks, 'm 
 Christie, a couple of comments on the 3rd paragraph on page 11.  It is up to you to decide if it is worth correcting.  I didn't know if you had a chance to make the writing better or simply correct mistakes.  1.  Page 11:  I was president of Houston Pipe Line and Louisiana Resources Company.    The term, "Enron pipeline subsidiary" isn't real or correct.  You could also restate with, head of Enron's non-regulated pipelines, head of two pipelines, head of an Enron pipeline subsidiary ; something like that. 2.  Page 11:  On the 5th sentence, it is mixing a couple of thoughts.  I would like to add something like, (after officer,) and establishing a unified vision, 3.  Page 11:  typo.  There needs to be an "an" in the last sentence before the word extension.  Thanks, mike 
 Allison, Philippe can be contacted via email at philippe.a.bibi@enron.com or by phone at 713 - 853-7698. Thanks and good luck. mike 
 Cool.  Tape is on the way via Fed ex.  See you in a couple of months and we are on for the tour championship. m 
 Cathy, Starting next week I want to join in.  please put on my calendar. thanks, m 
 fyi m 
 Cindy, I have addressed this previously with Jeff and Louise Kitchen.  We have no interest.  Please co-ordinate with Robert and make sure that someone sends him a nice rejection letter. Thanks, Mike 
 Tom, I am fine with this but our effective date is a call of fairness that depends on your view of the middle east adjustment.  I don't want to be hard on this and get back a bigger number on middle east by default.  Its up to you and your judgement on what you think is appropriate and or a trade with Europe. I am fine with your ultimate decision. Mike 
 John,  Here is a brief email on a possible resolution for the European/Oslo  weather situation.  Mark sent this draft to me last weekend but i haven't had time to review it this week.  Personally, I think that this is the wrong answer from a Corporate perspective but this issue keeps hanging around and isn't worth any more of our time.  For what it is worth, I think our communication strategy did make a big difference but didn't get us exactly where we needed to be.  These groups will be expected (and held accountable) for good and consistent communication on an ongoing basis as well.   For a P&L that is this small (and negative) we are all spending too much time on this.  There is more to this story but I think we should just drop it and move on to bigger and better things.  I am certainly not wedded to any of this but would rather focus on all the other issues and problems on my plate.  Let's discuss upon your return on our weekly call.  Thanks and I hope your vacation was relaxing.  Mike  ps-this hasn't been shared outside the group on the email. 
 Thanks for your hospitality.  We had a great time. Sooners rule!  It was unbelievable being at the game. mike 
 Yes, even better then that! m 
 Greg,  Mark and I would like to thank you again for your efforts to get us on at Doral.  We had a great time and got a chance to meet Tom.  He was a gracious host and please pass on another thank you for us.  Mike McConnell 
 Allison,  Thank you very much for the email and request.  As much as i an very proud of our accomplishments while being responsible for Global Technology, I am still of the opinion that Philippe Bibi is the best and most qualified candidate from Enron.   Enron has changed its culture and business around technology and EnronOnline alone changed the way our business operates.  EOL ended the year over with over $330 billion in transactions.  EOL was only 1 part of our transformation however.  Thanks again and good luck with your award.  Sincerely, Mike McConnell 
 Mary,  I would be happy to talk with anyone about this.  The story did have some mistakes.  Tom was correct in his statements.  By the way, I never saw the draft before it ran.  I think I would have caught the errors.   If I saw it before the printing, I must have simply said ok without reading it but neither Cathy nor i remember an email on it.  Mike 
 Jonny,  Wow what a week.  I still can't believe it.  I will have the video in mail overnight on Monday.  Sorry for the delay.  Let me know if you got another copy and don't need it.  Thanks again for the tickets and for driving.  It was fun being with Trey.  I hope B is feeling better and that you had a great time celebrating Madeline's birthday.  I can't believe you have a teenager.  We are getting old.  I was showing my ticket off this morning to everyone and someone mentioned the price of the ticket.  $175!  I didn't realize that when you gave it to me.  I really don't want your dad picking that up for the two of us.  I didn't mind his hospitality at $50 bucks but i simply didn't realize they were that much -  I 've never been to the big dance before.  If your dad wasn't comped the tickets from OU, Mark and I would like to reimburse him.  Please let me know the situation.  Cheers and Boomer Sooner, mike 
 Thanks for the email.  The game was great and my throat still hurts.  I've never been to a better event or had as much fun.  I'll be calling Roberts.  mike 
 All,  I came back from the big dance last night.  It was a real privilege to be there.  I've been to 15 OU/TX games and the energy, excitement and overall electricity in the orange bowl beat them all put together.  It was wild and a moment that I will never forget. Bob Stoops for president!  He is the king.  The best was at the end of the game (and everyone stayed around celebrating until about 1:30 am) when they said, "there was the Wilkenson era, there was the Switzer era and welcome to the Stoops era.  Oklahoma is back".  Boomer Sooner,  Mike 
 Hi Charlene -  Is this a different reception from the one we have on Mike McConnell's calendar for January 16th?  Unfortunately, Mike will be at an off-site meeting on the 11th and I do not know if he can make it back in time for a 4:30 reception.  Thanks.  Cathy P. X-36898    Enron North America Corp. 
 Pelt, we are at the Hyatt - Coral Gables:  305 - 441-1234  Mike 
 thanks for the update.  be sure and get on my calendar when you are in town. Call Brent Price (our CAO) at 713 853 7647 for additional help on Mtm.  He is very good.  Good luck, m 
 Greg, thanks a lot for your help.  This is a great surprise. mike 
 cool. m 
 Thanks, I had not seen it.  Happy New year. m 
 Pup,  Hope your holiday is going great.  Talked with your office and got your Telluride number but you guys must be out playing.  OU game is coming quickly.  Chris is not going down, Mark and I only, and we are arriving to Miami on Tuesday afternoon and staying at the Hyatt.  We are out on Thursday afternoon.  Golf on Wednesday afternoon at Doral.  It should make for a fun trip.  When are you guys going down and where are you staying?  We need to set up a time to get together and to get the tickets.  Have you heard anything on Hieple (bad spelling) arm?  If he is healthy I would take the points!  We have made reservations for Continental for spring break but need to make sure that the timing is fine before we confirm.  We plan to fly out on Tuesday and return on Saturday.  I have a scheduling problem to get there any earlier.  Give me a call if it is convenient, (713) 853-1450.  I've got a very light schedule on Friday, or you can email, whichever is easier.  See you in a couple of days!  Love to all, Mike  Go ENE stock, we back to 85! 
 FYI 
 My January is very bad, how about early Feb? Mike 
 John,=20  I hope you and Lorraine are having a great holiday season. =20  Sorry for the slow reply but I tried to only work on critical items over m= y=20 holiday.  Yes, this is only a marketing desk and it really only includes 1= =20 person, Ross,  who doesn't want to move to Oslo.  I didn't think it was a b= ig=20 thing and that is why I didn't get back with you.  It wasn't a big part of= =20 the memo and i didn't focus a lot on it.  I would expect him to co-ordinate= =20 daily with Thor.  I believe he works for Thor but we didn't  address it in= =20 the discussion or memo.  I'll watch it and see if it becomes an issue.  I d= o=20 know that Mark and Thor have talked about it and I believe Thor likes Ross= =20 and is OK with his function in London.  We are not attempting to recreate t= he=20 wheel in London or around Thor. =20 See you when you come to town.  Mike 
 All,  I am developing the presentation for the upcoming January analyst meeting. EGM will be featured.  The presentation is being compiled, and everyone has provided input on the overall EGM presentation, but i am also developing my speaking and emphasis points.  With that in mind, please send me a return email with a few dot points that you want me to be sure an emphasize regarding your business.  I have given a few specific areas below but if you have any other general items please don't hesitate to add them.  Key customer benefits Enron competitive advantages Key growth areas Deal example(s)  Thanks, Mike 
 Brent, Excellent update.  I would like to see the breakdown by pieces for a potential write-down especially volume difference only and look at a 1 year adjustment to begin. Thanks, Mike 
 Dianne, Thanks for the kind words.  Yes toastmaster has been a big influence in my life.  I talk about it often and attribute a great deal of my success to that.  I do large speeches quite often and its all back to our morning meetings and they seem like they were a lifetime ago. thanks, m 
 Hi Chris -  Mike asked me to respond on his behalf to find out exactly which dates you are referring to in your message below.  We were assuming January 3rd and 4th, but we did not want to assume incorrectly.  If you are indeed referring to January 3rd and 4th, please note that Mike McConnell will be out of town January 2nd through the 4th, returning to the office on January 5th.  Please let us know if you will be available on any other dates.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 
 David,  Thanks for the nice note.  I hope you and your family are having a great holiday season.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you come in for a meeting, it would be great to see you again.  Sincerely, mike 
 Jimmie, Thanks for the email.  Sorry for the slow response, vacation.  I am out that day but i really appreciate the invite.  Happy holidays. m 
 more from amanda m 
 What do you think?  He came very highly recommended from Amanda via voicemail. m 
 Jeff, Below is an email from John.  Please let me know how to respond.  I know yo= u=20 guys talked about this.  Thor was in the loop here wasn't he?  I know we to= ok=20 out the Thor reporting piece but in reality they do report up through him. = =20 How many people do we expect in London?  John and I did talk about this and= I=20 didn't really think of it lately.  Mike 
 As indicated in the message Thursday from Cathy Phillips, please send the= =20 following message to all groups within Enron Wholesale Services this=20 evening.  Also, as requested, please use the Enron Global Markets - Office = of=20 the Chairman letterhead and send the proof before final distribution.  Plea= se=20 send the final proof as quickly as possible.  If you have any questions,=20 please contact Jennifer Burns at X-39440.  Thanks. 
 All,  Here is the latest draft.  Please make any changes you want and return. Paper mark up is best.  Also please leave as a separate word document if you do it via email  for ease of changing and converting to email late afternoon.  Cathy, please review for your normal grammar and corrections.  I realize that this is a draft but it will help to have your changes early even though we will be making additional changes in the afternoon.  Larry, I would like your feedback and commentary as well.  Thanks, mike 
 Yes, CP, please include. m 
 Rachael, I left him a couple of voicemails with feedback including answering some of his questions on Joe. mike 
 Me too.  It does help everyonce in a while.  Thanks. m 
 FYI. m 
 Eric, is this still a problem or did you get what you needed? m 
 Thanks.  Not impressive. mike 
 Thanks, m 
 Paul, Thanks.  I am making changes and taking out the word "trading" wherever possible and I will send you a revised copy when it is ready.  Mike 
 John,  thanks for the comments.  Absolutely on the trader comment, I forgot.  I like the ag business and we are looking at several oppts and making a final determination in Q1.  I also think "softs" is a big oppt that is probably worth pursuing.  More later. I like the weather idea as well.  On another note, I met this guy when I spoke at the AA Energy symposium.  He runs a power business (i think) in Portugal.  He has attempted to talk to someone at Enron in Europe but hasn't heard back.  He has given me his email address and requested a contact.  Would you please make sure that someone follows up with him.  Company:  Finertec, SA (?) luis.reis@finertec.pt  Thanks, Mike 
 May help on hotel rooms m 
 I double clicked 1 person away on my personal mailing list.  I noticed it right after it was sent.  Thanks. m 
 Joe,  I have been reading about ePower and potentially building sites.  I know you are clarifying it's activities but until then, I have instructed my guys to respond to ePower when they call and to discuss events (e.g.:  possible LNG re-gas plans for ePower) but to make sure and discuss all activities with you as well.  Let me know if you want something different or want me to email other instructions.  Thanks, Mike 
 Akiko, you're very welcome and thanks for everything. mike 
 Cliff, Here is a revised version with typos corrected. m 
 Mark,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Steve,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Ken and Kevin,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  With all of your history on these businesses, I thought you might be interested in our approach and description.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 All,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 John and Michael,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Guys,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Rebecca,,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 All,  Attached, for your information, is  a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses.  This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth.  I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments.  Mike 
 Jeff,  Sorry, I can't participate on Saturday.  I have serious commitments that I can't break specifically on Saturday.  I know that we are short people and I do take this process very seriously.  Mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 CP, please get a copy from Jason and send asap. thanks, 'm 
 George, thanks for the email and update.  We do want an update on a daily basis but don't want you to spend time typing everything up.  I think VMs are faster. thanks, m 
 Pup,  Mark and I are confirmed with flights.  Chris is not coming.  Where are you staying, any good hotel ideas.  Mark had a room for 1 night by the stadium but now i think we will fly in on Tues early afternoon and mess around Miami and therefor  may want to stay closer to the city.  Any thoughts?  When are you guys flying in?  mike 
 CP, Please call and set up a meeting time for 1 hour in Houston with Cindy Olson.  Don will also bring others.  Please set up. Thanks, m 
 Don,  Howdy,  Yes I am going to Miami.  How could i not go!  I still cant believe it actually.  Sorry I 've dropped the ball on setting up a meeting with your company.  I did talk with  Cindy Olson, HR - EVP and she would like to meet.  I just forgot after our last exchange.  Please send me back and email with your telephone number and I'll have Cathy Phillips my assistant set up a meeting.  Thanks, m 
 Cliff,  Thanks for lunch.  I always really enjoy getting together and talking about life and our businesses.  Attached are the two presentations we discussed.  A little airplane (or boat, sorry, ship) reading.  I would appreciate any feedback.  I'll be making significant changes as I get ready for the analyst meetings.  Thanks, Mike 
 thanks m 
 Interesting guy to look at. m 
 Brent, I would like to illustrate the growth of our commodities to show why this a  great business unit and why this is a big focus for wholesale.  Also we will use all of this for the Jan analyst meeting.  Please compile some facts on each business by 1. number of transactions 2. revenues 3. on line growth of each 4. size of each commodity;  e.g.:  number of barrels traded, tons of coal, tons of freight, etc. 5. other metrics that you think will illustrate the point  Go back as many years as you can get data.  Thanks, mike  Go ahead and send me preliminary copies of the figures as it is being compiled. 
 You've got to have faith. m 
 FYI and consideration. m 
 RAC came by and brought up a couple of concerns.  1- the Var on this deal is over $120m (more than all of ENE combined); they wanted to make me aware of the size, and they know we are working on it. and 2 - EE&CC; they were concerned about them doing the deal and their abilities and effects on MTM treatment.  I told them that they can bid on it but we want others to bid and that we probably won't use them.  They stated that the deal guys are acting like EE&CC is a done deal.  Lets discuss. Thanks, mike 
 Jonny,  Howdy, I bet you had a great time at the game.  I did watch it and it never felt good and I am still amazed at the outcome.  Did it feel different actually being there?  Are you going Miami?  Mark and I may be in.  What about you?  I figured for sure that you are already making plans.  Also, do you think it will be impossible to get tickets?  We are in for spring break.  We will not be able to be there the entire week and we are looking at the exact dates and my schedule - but count us in.  If you get a chance why don't you give me a call and we can catch up.  Mike  PS - Enron stock was down $15/share, ouch.  No partiuclar reason mainlly huge sector movement. 
 Jeff, attached is an expanded 1st draft of the memo.  I would like to keep this expanded format to show the progress that we have made in the group.  Please make any changes and send back for the next round.  After we both look at it 1 more time, we will circulate to the heads of the group for commentary.  I would like to have them feel part of the memo.  Mike 
 Chris, thanks for the email.  I don't have a need.  Thanks for letting us know. mike 
 Elise,  Thanks for the email.  In August i changed jobs and am now the CEO for Enron Global Markets.  I am no longer in the technology sector (although I enjoyed it very much and it was a difficult decision to leave).  Please remove me from your email list for further HTC events.  Thanks and good luck, mike 
 Jeff, I can't sleep and have been cleaning out emails.  Not my favorite past time at 2:30am.  I didn't see the draft reorg memo we've been talking about for a while.  Please send it to me for my review.  I think it is important to get something out and i believe that people expect some changes Thanks, m. 
 I couldn't sleep so ive been doing emails, its looking a little better.  And I didn't get up in the middle of the night and come into the office.  I think I'll try again and can still get a few hours sleep.  I will be in a little later than I expected, I must drop young Michael off to school and cant leave there until 8.  See you in the morning.  Sleepy 
 John, You caught me.  I've been hit again with the bug, the 3rd time in November, and the combination of drugs has me wide awake.  I did promise Chris that I wouldn't run off to the office when this occurs but she didn't tell me I couldn't do a lot of emails from home! - there is always a catch!  Actually I'm back to bed to try again after this one.  Hope all is well in merry old England.  Cheers, Mike 
 Guys,  I had an interview with a reporter from the Economist yesterday.  He is doing a big story on business changes, online changes, Jeff Skilling and Enron. Coal came up a lot and i described my enthusiasm for our coal business and our growth.  He wants to put some focus on the coal business and i need some facts to get back to him.  What percentage of our coal transactions or business is online? Speed changes on a typical transaction post and pre online? Other changes you see or products to develop International effects Total coal moved (physical and financial) especially online Other competing exchanges and why ours is better Other proEnron facts that illustrate our growing business especially as it relates to paradigm changes or online changes  Please feed me this info and if there is something specific that you don't want me to say let me know that too but go ahead and give me the answer.  I need this information pretty quickly.  Thanks, m 
 Thanks for the email and kind words.  I did recover over thanksgiving and it was nice but I am sick once again and cant' sleep.  I am catchin up on this emai at 2:15 wednesday night.  I will try and go back to bed after this email.  Let me know how the contract goes, i don't see any issues.  I actually thought it got done and that is why i havent heard anything.  Sooners have looked ugly lately, Saturday will not be a good day for the Sooners.  Mike 
 Thor, Very creative and i bet everyone had fun.  We need to try it over here.  I bet it would go over here as well.  Thanks for sharing the story. mike 
 Thanks. m 
 Unknown to me.   m 
 approved 
 I glanced at it and it appears fine from my perspective.  Others should make the determination on its effects in the Spanish and European markets. mike mcconnell 
 John, I'm in.  She was outstanding.  If you don't want her, I'll take her!  I have a PRC conflict during the next execom meeting.  If i'm not there please feel free to pass on my strong support.  Cheers, Mike 
 What do you think?  Is this worth my or someone else's time? m 
 Thanks for the article.  I love to read things like this. mike 
 Rebecca, Attached, for your information, is a copy of EGM's 2001 plan.  I don't remember if i sent you a copy earlier.  mike 
 I sent this to all the guys and forgot to include you on the distribution. m 
 Jeff, here is the 2001 plan.  Sorry, I did send it to Dave D. , John S. and you but I must have blown your address somehow.  Dave and John got theirs.  Mike 
 Approved. 
 Assistants - Please remove this brief note and then forward this message fr= om=20 Mike McConnell to everyone in your group today.  Thank you.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------= --- -------  Effective December 15, 2000 Enron Global Markets US employees will begin=20 using XMS (Expense Management System) to process employee expense=20 reimbursements. =20  XMS is a web based employee expense reimbursement system which will provide= =20 the following benefits;  > More timely reimbursements to employees > User friendly Web access > Ability for employee or designated administrative assistant to submit=20 expense reimbursement > Greater efficiency and lower cost  This system will replace our current manual expense reimbursement process. = =20 All employee expense reimbursements for EGM domestic employees submitted=20 after December 15, 2000 should be done via XMS.  Non US based EGM employees= =20 should continue to utilize the same expense reimbursement process that=20 currently exists.  Following are details regarding system access, training & support:  SYSTEM WEB ADDRESS Expense Management System (XMS) can be accessed from your web browser by=20 typing in the address field http://xms.enron.com. =20  LOGON ID: Your ID is your eHRonline ID (begins with the letter "P").  =20  PASSWORD The password for all is upper case ENRON.  The system will guide you throu= gh=20 confirming your information and changing your password.  The Enron Code of= =20 Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and logging on as another person.= =20 Please observe Enron=01,s policy.  If you forget your password or have trou= ble=20 logging in, call the Resolution Center at 713-853-1411.  TRAINING From the Enron Home Page (home.enron.com) go to the IT Central Web Page,=20 select Services>Training>Enrollment>XMS. If you have questions, call the training department at 713-853-1816.  DOCUMENTATION Step by Step documentation is also available from IT Central web page; sele= ct=20 Services>Training>Documentation>XMS.  APPLICATION SUPPORT SERVICES For questions about how to use the system, call the SAP/XMS help desk at=20 713-345-4SAP. 
 Howdy,  Kansas City will be great.  Thanks for the invite but I can't go.  I pray that the Nebr. Sooners show up,  not the Sooners of the last 3 weeks.  We really look awful.  Early peak?  That's great news for spring break.  Let me talk to the boss and let her know that is still and option and see if it still works.  Thanks, Mike  Go Sooners.  Shame about Hipel, he has thrown away his Heisman over the last couple of weeks.  Do you agree? 
 Pelt,  Howdy from Houston.  I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.  I took the week off and it was what i needed.  I have been working at a hectic pace and was on my annual sick rotation, although a little earlier than normal.  I needed the break.  My international traveling is over for the year, thank God.  Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up. I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks co-ordinated and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go skiing.  We didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last discussion a while ago.  Our spring break is March 12-16th .  Please let give an update via email when you get a chance.  I figured that you are in Telluride right now on holiday.  Give my love to all.  Mike    PS - How about those Sooners!  OU/TX wasn't a fluke. Hard to believe, we'll see what will happen with K State and bowls.  No matter, its been a fun year.  It is nice to be back. 
 Karen, yes i like the "sauces" reference.  I sound like an idiot.  I can understand his mistake but i thought i discussed what it meant.  Skilling will love that reference. mike 
 William,  I am very interested in both the Signac and Cross.  A few  questions about the pieces.  You referenced Meier Graefe for "Pan" for both pieces.  I don't know what that means could you please clarify?  Also I don't understand the reference to an Album.  Is the Signac numbered?  Are either signed on the stone?  Thanks, mike 
 Billy, great idea, if you have a list i would really like to send them an email. Thanks, mike  PS good luck with the game on friday. 
 Mark,  FYI, here is the latest update on our Q4.  We are making headway and the list shows how we intend to make up the short fall.  As I stated on my voicemail yesterday, upon our return from the holiday,  I will be even more proactively managing the Q4 P&L.  Have a great holiday. mike 
 All,  Below is a resume of Manuel.  I met with him and has a good background and is a superior performer.  He is willing to locate from Manilla and would go to Sydney and Tokyo.  Interesting origination oppt.  Mike   List 
 Jim,  Thank you so much for all your help on this matter.  I know how difficult your job is day to day without items like this popping up.  I spoke with Carol Randall and Cindy Levi, the principal of the school, and they are so appreciative it is hard to describe it.  The school constantly talks about Enron and hundreds of children are using the donated computers and now printers.  Thanks again and have a good holiday.  Sincerely, Mike McConnell 
 Please reserve one flu vaccine for Mike McConnell.  You may notify by e-mail or call X-31450 when it is available.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 CP, please followup on the 2 email failure messages and delete. thnaks, m 
 Jeff, FYI, good summary email.  As we get bids for Project Jose, we should keep him informed but move forward with getting the competitive bids.  mike 
 Lisa, Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out and will be unable to attend. Thanks, mike 
 FYI and further handling. m 
 For your further handling. m 
 CP, Howdy from my hotel room.  I decided not to play golf, big surprise.  I'm resting and working. Looked at my email lately?  On a more serious note, would you please have Jason burn a disc of the most recent version of EGM.  I will need to have a computer to play it and how to work it for the off-site on Monday.  Thanks, mike 
 They have proven that they are great at governing and at having great vision.  ......not. m 
 CP, please add to my calendar.  I'll take home a copy for chris. m 
 Hi John -  Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  He said thank you and yes, he would like for you to draft the message for the EGM staff.  Thanks.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 Thanks.  Its nice to hear a kind word every once in a while.  Its been a tough quarter.  Im glad we are making progress in this area, it is a priority.  Mike 
 PB, FYI and follow-up.  If you are interested or if anything comes of this, please let me know. Thanks, Mike 
 Mark, thanks for the infromation but I do want the Chief Executive Officers name. thanks, mike 
 The following message that was originally sent with three attachments was returned as undeliverable.  I am sending the message again with only one attachment and then will follow-up by sending the remaining two presentations under separate messages due to the size of each of the files.  Sorry for the delay. 
 As mentioned in my previous message, another one of the presentations that I attempted to send to you earlier is attached below. 
 As mentioned in my previous message, the attached file is the last presentation of the three that I attempted to send to you previously.  If you have any problems opening the file, please notify me and we will send you the hard copies immediately.  Thank you. 
 Please read the following message from Kathie Grabstald and Michelle Vitrella in Public Relations.  The Weekly Electronic Newsletter is a project that Mark Frevert requested and it is important that Enron Global Markets be responsive  when we are asked for information from our business units. Please pass along to Kathie and Michelle the name of a contact person in your group that will be responsible for providing updates for the weekly newsletter.  Kathie has assured me that the person providing the information is not required to do the actual writing, but provide bullet points which she will then prepare in paragraph form.  Michelle will send a reminder message to the contact person when the updates are needed.  Thank you for your assistance with this project. 
 Sanjay, thanks. mike 
 FYI 
 Yes, thanks. m 
 Cindy, Thanks for the email.  I 'll be glad to set it up and attend.  Who else would you like there so that i can co-ordinate? m 
 FYI 
 John, I previously asked you to quantify the global size of your business (in Billions) and you sent me a voice mail on it.  I have misplaced that note and don't remember the global size for the presentation.  Please re-provide as a return email.  Sorry for the inconvenience. Mike 
 Please followup and send her a copy.  I am not sure which one she is referring to however. tx,m 
 Steve, FYI and further handling.  This is the guy from infrastructure world. He just called me on it as well.  Please respond. Thanks, m 
 Gary, I never received your 1 page description of your business to include into the EGM presentation.  Please draft and send me an email with your description of your businesses.  Attached below is the first draft of the overall presentation to use as a guide.  Thanks, mike 
 John, I talked with Janet last week and then I was out sick.  I left her a voicemail before lunch and am waiting on her reply. m 
 CP, I am forwarding to you to establish the contact.  Yes Fortune, no wired, yes WSJ. thanks, m 
 fine and thanks. m 
 FYI m 
 John, Below is a copy of our final budget for 2001.  I thought you would like a copy. mike 
 Guys, FYI,  below is a copy of our final budget numbers for 2001. mike 
 Mac, I sent it directly to Ahmed via email. thanks,m    Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Thanks for the email.  I enjoyed my visit to the middle east and our discussion.  I really appreciate your insight.  I am very committed to the project and many of the other opportunities that Rick's team has put together. I'll see you in the new year. Sincerely, Mike 
 Ahmad,  Thank you for the email.  I enjoyed our visit very much.  I wanted to thank you for taking the time especially during your weekend to spend time away from your family.  I learned a lot during the trip and I believe in the Dolphin project.  I also liked many other of the project Rick's team has put together in the Middle East.  I promised you some of the speeches that I have delivered and attached below are 3 different ones that illustrate Enron's view of the future.  Thanks again.  Mike 
 Wow.  I didn't know.  Glad to have you back. m 
 Greg, a quick note, although a little unclear, all of your businesses remain in EGM and are not going to go to R McDonald's new group.  Please inform your group.  Thanks, Mike 
 For your further handling.  I don't know what this is. m 
 Eric, I was examining EGM's businesses for 2001 and I wanted to ask you a question about your specific business.  As you examine your goals and objectives, I would like to know what you think I could do to help you accomplish your plan.  Please send me a return email with 3 specific items that I could do personally to add to your business.  Thanks, Mike 
 John, FYI and consideration. m 
 please do. 
 Joe, I think the entire event was outstanding.  I also enjoyed it but my hand still hurts!  Ken went through it today at the executive committee and he talked about the incredible potential and the job you were doing. Congratulations again, mike  PS Weekly calls are a favorite of mine as you know. 
 We did fall apart in baseball this year.  We are not a 1 sport team we are the sport team.  Football is just a tad more important then the others.  On last count our 7 national championships in "the" sport does add up.  By the way, we hold 2 national championships today, football and the mighty women's softball.  Sooners 2 - Rustbelt 0 m 
 Om, Sorry I am not aware of anyone in particular.  Good luck, I believe that there are huge opportunities for you out there. Mike 
 Hi Nina -  It is highly doubtful that Mike will be available to attend the Art Committee meeting since his big 2001 budget meeting with Mr. Lay and Mr. Skilling will begin at 2:00 p.m. on that same day.  Can you do us a big favor and please also send the Art Committee messages to me.  When Mike is traveling it makes it much easier if I have been copied on messages that involve putting meetings on Mike calendar.  I hope all is going well for you.  Thanks so much.  Cathy P. X-36898 
 Cool! m 
 Christine,  I so rarely write love notes.  17 years ago it was common place, even a daily event.  What happened to that guy?  I could have been a cartoonist in another life.  I am here at 35,000 feet 2,000 miles from Bankock Thailand, flying  by China, soon to be over the Philippines and pondering our lives.  You said something very interesting to me on the phone as I was getting on the bus to the airport.  You said that you would love to have 6 hours on the airplane by yourself.  I can certainly understand that.  I seem to have a l lot of that on this trip.  I am sitting here on the plane, a little tipsy after a couple glasses of wine, and my mind turns to you and the kids.   I wish I could be there now to see the kids all dressed up in their costumes ready to go out trick or treating.  I bet they look great.  As i sit here and feel a little sorry for myself then i come back to reality and realize just how lucky we really are.  I turned to Ken Rice at the ceremony yesterday and said, "What is an Okie and a boy from Nebraska doing at a Japanese barrel ceremony with Thomas Foley, former Speaker of the House, breaking a barrel of saki in front of 300 Japanese executives and TV.  The Prime Minister of Japan didn't show up and actually it is expected that he is out of a job on a no confidence vote last night.  (Really bad luck for Enron here) I would have liked to have met him.  Actually, the ceremony was neat and I imagine that they will have some funny pictures from it.  You should see me in a Happy coat.  I'll explain when i get home.  Can you imagine sitting in our home, right after Michael was born and even imagining what are lives are like today?  We are so blessed.  Even more than that, I am so blessed to have you. I was writing in my journal on the trip over, you know my journal - that project that I have dedicated a big part of my life to and that you have never read, reflecting on our lives and wondering why God let me find you so many years ago.  I must have been a priest in a former life.  Anyway, I just wanted to say I love you and there aren't any phones on this airplane.  Thai Airlines, go figure. So I am calling you via email.  Although I am not sure when I will get the opportunity to actually send this over the internet.  I love you and miss you very much.  Eternally, Michael  See you soon and in time for soccer.  xxxxxooooo 
 Brent, I would like this to become formal policy within EGM as well. I know that it exists and is around but no one is familiar with this or exactly how it works.   We have made strides with credibility with RAC regarding coal and we are doing a better job of seeing deals in general but I would like to put out a policy like this for us.  Please take a look at this and draft a memo that can be sent out addressing the approval procedures and the guidelines and limits around them. Thanks, mike 
 John,  What exactly are we trading here and how do you think it is going? mike 
 Louise, I was clearing some old emails.   What ever happened with this guy?  Did you hire him or blow him off? Thanks, Mike 
 Im out of town m 
 All, I haven't heard back.  Please respond to the email. Let me know if you didn't receive it. Thanks, mike 
 How about my emails! m 
 David,  Any update from your last email a couple of weeks ago?  Thanks, Mike 
 Hi, I noticed that there are several people missing from my personal address list.  Would you please check to make sure it is up to date and add missing directs.  L Lawyer, J Nowlan, B Price, add T Meyers, R McDonald.  There may be more. Thanks, m 
 Cindy, I don't think we have a fit here but would you please follow-up and let him know that we looked around and couldn't find anything.  Also please forward to other groups as well.  Thanks, mike 
 FYI. m 
 Thanks for the update. m 
 Rick,  While in Tokyo, Sanjay grabbed Jeff and me regarding redoing and re-looking at the existing LNG fuel deals for Dabhol.  The bottom line is that he believes that the government may have issues on actually performing post phase 2 and if we could redo the LNG contracts and allow more flexibility we could help them, thus help ourselves.  We need to look into this and I would like your initial opinion.  This is complex to say the least and it would involve using the ship differently than scheduled and diverting some of the Oman LNG to other markets with their approval.  He believes that there is some flexibility in the shipping and Oman contracts to address these issues. If it works we could create a long physical condition and an extra ship for transport.  Is there an opportunity here if all the cards fall into place?  Lets discuss when I am in Dubai.  Sanjay is not going to let it go so you need to think about who can look into this further.  Mike 
 please co-ordinate  and make sure that Lea has your email address for distribution. thanks, m 
 Cindy, I have a friend that is a principal in a company called Nexstar.  The company  is on a roll and offers an interesting product.  I have attached his email and basic presentation but I thought it was interesting enough to bring it up to you.  Also he is a friend and I don't want to ignore him.  Do we do anything like this with our employees?  I would really appreciate some feedback on this.  Unless you think it is a total waist of time, I would appreciate you and some other appropriate members of your HR team to attend 1 intro. meeting to listen to their pitch. I would of course attend as well if you like.  They have an impressive customer list already.  Let me know what you think and I'll help co-ordinate the meeting.  Thanks, Mike 
 Vance, I've been attempting to call you .  Your voicemail is full and my return voicemail keeps getting rejected.  I suggest you clear out some room. I would be happy to change my schedule and meet either at 12 or 12:30.  I don't really want an hour with him but will do what you need. mike 
 Another one.  Any ideas?  Coal in Asia? m 
 Jim,  I just wanted to thank you for participating in the walk. It means a lot to me.  Thanks for your support.  See you out there.  Mike 
 FYI m 
 Guys, what do you think?  Any ideas or interest? m 
 CP, Please send on and co-ordinate a 30 minute meeting with Jeff McMahon and Ray Bowen for discussion.  They might be able to use him as well. Thanks, m 
 Gene, thanks for the follow up.  I am definitely interested in talking with him.  Please set up and co-ordinate with Cathy Phillips @ 36898.  Also need him to talk with Jeff Shankman.  Thanks, Mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 What about David Turlip?  Also are there some other general announcements and or clarifications that you want to address?  eg  mid marketing, other new efforts or goals for the upcoming year. m 
 Dana,  Hello from Tokyo.  I sent you a reply and forwarded your resume to our HR group.  I don't know if you got my reply the day I received your resume.  I have had a lot of people tell me that they didn't get a response from me about the same time as you contacted me.  My sent mail doesn't list you as a completed return email.  I hope all is well.  Mike 
 CP, Howdy from Tokyo.  Please add this to my calendar and send a fax with all of my new commitments and parties to chris via home fax. thanks, m 
 Happy Halloween guys!  I am sorry I am not there, I really wanted to see a beautiful butterfly and a Harry Potter.  Please make sure that you have Mommy take a lot of pictures!  I love you,  Daddy (the King) 
 FYI, he looks interesting. m 
 jim, i don't really have an opinion but i certainly won't get in your way on the approval. mike 
 Maryfran,  I would like to thank you for your very nice nomination.  As flattered as I am, I believe that our current Chief Technology Officer, Philippe Bibi, is more appropriate as a nominee from Enron.  I am very proud of our accomplishments when I was responsible as CEO for Enron's Global Technology group but my tenor was only about a year.  In August I was asked to take on another assignment as CEO of Enron Global Markets.  Although this was an even more challenging position I will say that it was a tough decision to leave the technology world.  Philippe Bibi has driven our technology group for many years and deserves a great deal of the credit for Enron's recognized technology advantage and innovation.  He has been in the tech business for about 17 years.  Sincerely, Mike S. McConnell 
 Good idea. m 
 Angela, by the way I was not CEO of ENW I was Vice Chairman and COO.  Whalley was and is CEO. Please correct if possible. m 
 Jeff, what do you think of this guy's background?  Do you know him? m 
 Rick, I am scheduled to be out on vacation but I think you should have the meeting if it still fits peoples schedules.  I am doubtful but will look at later. m 
 I didn't call rick.  did you?  What do you think? m 
 Jay, thanks for the donation and commitment.  the check should be made out to JDF.  We'll do all the matching. Hope all is well. mike 
 Cool.  Thanks for sharing that with me. m 
 please review file and format for nomal layout vs landscape. thanks, m 
 Bob, Thank you very much for supporting our effort. mike 
 Gary,  1.  Correct 2.  Global tech drove and directed the PRC (performance review committee) for all of it's employees.  Enron ranks all of it's employees 2 times a year. The employees are examined and given feedback on their performance.  It is a very lengthy process but it is very fair and insures and identifies excellent performance.  The criteria for the rankings comes from a person's accomplishments, characteristics and customer feedback from numerous sources.  It is all on computer and when we discuss a persons performance and ranking, that feedback (primarily from the business unit) is a key driver. Plus, there are business unit reps on the PRC. 3.  I guess the way i would describe it would be that on every major expenditure and project, the commercial people involved helped drive the process as well as our group looking at it the same way.  An example would be that traditionally any IT group or technologist is in love this the latest and greatest technology.  and could look at embedding a new system in the company because it is the latest technology and is very cool.   I would ask what commercial function does it perform and how does it give us a competitive advantage.  It was a very customer driven (internal and external customers) process.  It was also a mind set and paradigm shift internally within the group because they started looking at themselves adding to the bottom line rather than simply a cost center.  I hope that helps.  Sincerely, Mike 
 Cool!  Thanks for sharing that with me.  See you at the walk. mike 
 Thank you for the message.  We just tested this link and it is working fine on this end.  Can you please give your IT help desk a call and see if they can check this out for you on your system.  In addition, we will report this problem to our IT support group.  Thanks again.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell    Enron North America Corp. 
 Jeff,  Sorry for the slow response.  I don't have a strong opinion either way.  I am fine with the combo idea.  In the future, please let me know if something has a short fuse.  I am still slower on email but I do respond very quickly to voicemail.  I am almost caught up on back log emails but this will probably never by my first and best way to communcate.  Thanks, Mike 
 Jeff,  Let me know what you think of this guy.  Wade Cline and Tim Det. are both high on him.  Jeff Donahue is not so sure but will meet with him on Friday. During my lunch with Jeff, we discussed that we need a Corp. Dev guy dedicated to us full time but if he reported to him, that would be great.  I think we could use that co-ordination with his group as long as we didn't get a part time guy in the process.  He could also report to us obviously (like Larry) but i think in this case a dual role makes a  lot of sense.  What do you think?  If you like Don, he could be an immediate candidate to start doing our Corp Dev work, but that is of course not the best reason.  I thought he was all right and he did have a good understanding of our products and is an innovative thinker.  He has also worked as a trader and although it doesn't seem possible by his personality, having some background is a plus.  Mike 
 Jeff,  I like the memo and I'll keep my ears open for feedback.  Your presence is needed more than I thought.  My gut told me that they really needed your help but its more than that.  Taking contol of that P&L is the highest return of your time and talent for EGM and for Enron, atleast for this quarter.  They will learn or they will be out.  mike 
 John, We're getting old. mike 
 Guys,  Attached below is a presentation that I put together for M Frevert for the latest analyst presentation.  We kept it to only a few businesses -  they didn't end up using any of it.  I do however want to have an EGM presentation that everyone can use.  Please prepare a section on each of your businesses and return via email or hard copy.  Don't worry about power point, simply the dot points that you want on the page.  Thanks, mike 
 Bob, I don't want to wait for Mike, please set up the meeting without him. He can join us by phone if needed. Thanks, m 
 Wow! thanks, m 
 I thought you would enjoy this. PS bring the magic dollar to lunch! m 
 Cool! m 
 Dana,  Thanks for the call and email.  I will look at your resume and get back to you .  Mike 
 Greg, I need to talk with you about your EBS/fiber project.  Please give me a call in the morning.  I'll be in first thing in the morning.  I don't have your telephone number.  You are listed on a Houston number. Mike 
 Gary, I turned 40 in March. Thanks, MIke 
 As discussed. m 
 Virginia, Thanks for the email.  Go ahead and send it unframed.  I don't  remember what the frame looked like so it will probably be easier to send without.  For my later reference, how much do you charge for framing? Mike 
 Doug,  Last week, you referenced that there are a lot of deals that come up during the day for various regions and companies around Enron that your group doesn't get any monetary recognition for but that they need to be done or are provided as a service to save money. By the way, saving money is real money to Enron.   Would you please provide me with some examples of that so I can put it in context?  Thanks, Mike 
 Jim, I think it does.  I am usually unable to attend so I would really like you to stick with this as our rep.  Also we will talk about the best uses of your time after this weeks budget meetings.  I'll give you a call. Thanks, Mike 
 please put on my calendar. m 
 Thanks, mike 
 Ok m 
 Mike McConnell asked me to contact you to set up a 30 minute appointment with him and Jeff Shankman for next week.. Please let me know if you will be available at 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 10/17, or 3:30 p.m. or 4:00 p.m. on Thursday, 10/19.  If none of these times will work for you, I will be happy to work with you on some other times.  Thanks.  Cathy P. X-36898 
 Hi Eric -  I am Mike's assistant and I believe you discussed this meeting with my clerk when I was out of the office on Monday.  I am preparing Mike's calendar for tomorrow and I would like to make sure that I have all the correct information for him regarding the El Paso meeting.  Can you please provide the exact details for the El Paso meeting?  In particular, will you be meeting Mike at his office or does he need to meet you somewhere else?  At what time does he need to meet you?  Any specific information that you can provide will be greatly appreciated. Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 
 Hi Dennis -  Mike McConnell plans to attend the luncheon and he would like to sit at the Enron table.   Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell X-36898 
 Please put on Jeff's and my calendar for 30 minutes. m 
 Gary, this is the guy we talked about.  He is worth atleast a look.  Ex Cargill. Please meet with him. m 
 Joe, we are both there.  I am also going to Dubai and Jeff will go to Australia.  I'll be in the night before and out the morning after.  Hope all is well.  Cathy is co-ordinating everything. Looking forward to it. m 
 Erin, here are a couple of responses.  Please rewrite as you see fit. Mike  1. Agriculture.    We are currently looking at and studying the industry.  We have traded some commodities as well.  We believe that there may be large opportunities to apply the Enron model to the agriculture industry.  We have spent quite a bit of time an effort and are currently developing our strategy.  This is very early in development but we have high expectations in this area.  I don't feel comfortable going into more detail at this time. Gary Hickerson is responsible Enron's ag business.  2.  Rail.  We are looking at numerous opportunities in the rail and transportation businesses.  I haven't seen a lot on the electricity piece of rail.  It is an interesting concept and one that we will look at.   Dan Reck is now responsible for looking at transportation opportunities in the US. 
 Dan, Thanks for your donation.  I appreciate your support. m 
 Joe, In the next couple of weeks. thanks, m  PS - Amazed at my quick response? 
 Can you believe my email! m 
 Ron,  Hello.  I am back in the country -  I've been out for 2 weeks since I picked up the car.  I am very happy with the car and your contact treated me very well.  The transaction went smoothly and they worked with me to get the car before I went off to Asia.  I wanted to thank you again for all your help and efforts.   I have had many comments already and there is not doubt that this will lead to a new wave of Enron purchases of Mercedes.  I am a Mercedes believer.  Sincerely, Mike McConnell 
 Virginia,  Thanks for the email.  I apologize for the slow response.  Life is crazy and I have been back on the road again.  I am interested in purchasing "Blue Note" and I understand that the price is $4,500 framed as before.  I am chasing down another piece, as i think i have stated before, but have not closed yet on it.  It is significantly less but I have not closed the deal.  I would like to own the piece.  Do you think there is any room on the price from your seller?  I will commit to you but I can't leave a couple of thousand dollars on the table because of my impatience. That being said, i do want it and this one is found and ready to go.  I will commit today to purchase the picture in this condition for $3,500.  you can tell the seller that I will commit with American Express immediately at that price.  I don't know if that works for you or the seller.  Please let me know what you think.  I am in this week.  Thanks and don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  I am ready to make a decision.  Mike 
 Try John Paveto at 57038 or George Wasaff at 67351 m 
 Good point on extra space.  Please call Wes Colwell and discuss.  I think that makes 33 less of an option. m 
 Cool, nice job. m 
 liz, I can't believe it - although he will never show!.   I would be happy to fill out a form when it comes out. Hope all is well. m 
 Larry, here is the publication we discussed.  If you have an interest, let this guy know. Thanks and welcome aboard.  Wes Colwell is looking for an office.  Right now there are 2 oppts he is looking at; 1 up here on 33 which is a problem, and 1 office on finance floor.  Do you have a preference, if we have an option? m 
 George,  Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of a first draft of a presentation that i am creating on EGM.  This is for an upcoming analyst presentation and for our ongoing use.  Please review and make any comments you feel are needed.  Especially focus on coal which is on page 5.  Please take a quick look and return your initial comments quickly.  I need to get out a new and better draft ASAP.  Also, how do we illustrate your business graphically.  Please decide, fill in and I'll have our graphics guy make it look pretty.  Thanks, mike 
 Rick,  Attached for your information and input is a copy of a presentation I am putting together for EGM.  I would appreciate your comments on the presentation but especially need your input on your section.  The LNG page is on page 6 and needs some work.  there is also a typo.  On the graph, we need to find a way to illustrate our business graphically, what do you think? I would appreciate a quick turnaround of your initial changes.  After we complete this first draft, this will be a continuous work in progress. Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks. m 
 cool m 
 Congrats!!!  I'll see if i can make a combination trip.  m 
 Thor,  A quick note.  I don't believe I ever followed up with you on your weather business plan.  I looked at it several times primarily in pieces while traveling overseas.  I read it again today and wanted to give you some feedback.  I thought it was excellent work and very well presented.  Thank you for all your effort.  I am in town this week, I canceled being out of the office an additional 3 days, and I will be spending time thinking about weather as well as some of our other businesses.  I'll give you a call toward the end of the week to discuss some of the ideas you presented.  Mike 
 Gary,  There were two such events.  On the Scott McNelly side, I realized that we weren't too late to change our approach and take a commercial view on technology.  None of the other companies were thinking our new way at all plus when someone of the caliber and reputation of McNelly gives you a general approval and confirmation, as a new guy, that meant a lot.  It inspired me to keep going on a "nontraditional" path.  The other big  impact moment was listening and having a brief conversation with John Chambers of Cisco.  It was at the eCommerce Summit in Washington DC and he gave his, "its a matter of survival" speech.  That really hit me and our conversation was also similar about my new job and Enron's new approach.  He gave me a positive response and also gave me some advice that included an observation that the incumbent IT people may not have the abilities to help me lead Enron in the eCommerce world.  It was going to take a different kind of technologist.  That moment had the most impact on me of the two.   I saw John again and spoke with him at an Economist  conference in Laguna Nigel and told him of his original impact and I think he appreciated the story.  He also was very nice to give me some time to talk after that speech as well.  I hope that clarified things,  good luck with the piece.  Thanks, mike 
 I like that schedule.  the game was great!  The cold and rain couldn't effect my enjoyment.  long over due.  Reality comes back on Sat however. m 
 Thanks, it was great and long over due.  The cold and rain didn't stop the ultimate enjoyment including 35,000 people chanting "over rated".  It was great and we must enjoy it until the Sat. when reality comes back to the sooners and we lose the next 2 or 3 straight.  K State, Neb and Tex A&M. Ouch, nice 4 game stretch. m 
 i'm all for it.  Please move forward.  He is a great guy but don't forget he is happy in his current job and all of this must be carefully done for him and not to disrupt his current job.  Let me know how it is progressing. Let's follow the book and proceed properly. m 
 Gary,  Thanks for the email.  Here is my attempt to type out a response.  I hope it helps.  1.  It was a matrix organization.  The IT personnel reported into the Global Tech. group but we did that for communication and consistency  purposes rather than simply control.  They attended business unit staff meetings and the BU had a great influence in the review process and gave constant feedback.  It was vitally important for the "customer" to be happy and that the IT person completed the projects from the BU.  When it came to the review process itself, GT ranked all the employees and peers but the business unit had the greatest influence on where the person actually ranked and was rated.  2.  When Enron Net Works was formed, nothing really changed on the day to day working of the IT world.  IT (Global Technology) was folded into the newly created 5th business unit at Enron.  Remember Global Technology had more that IT alone.  We had an eCommerce commercial group, a principal investments group and was developing eCommerce or Technology origination roles developing around the world.  Philippe Bibi is the CTO for Enron and Enron Net Works.  He is in the office of the chairman of ENW with Greg Whalley, CEO and Louise Kitchen, the newly appointed COO.  Both LK and GW are non IT people.  There are many VPs on the next level that are IT executives.  3.  In a nut shell, Scott grinned when I told him of my 2 weeks experience and title as CEO with Enron's goal of becoming the largest B2B player in the world.  He chuckled and said something like, "That sounds like Enron, it always looks at things differently.  He then stated that my CEO title and Enron's approach was very unusual but that it would be more common place soon,  as this was the way of the future and Enron was the first to recognize it and change its culture".  4.  When i used the word cannibalize, I meant that if we didn't change the business ourselves, than our competition would do this for us.  For example, we were the leading trader of natural gas in the US by far but we initiated EnronOnline and completely changed the way we traded natural gas and did it for free.  Thus we cannibalized our own successful business even when it was going great.  We are looking at all of our businesses for changes like that.  Gary, I hoped that helped.  Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any other questions.  Mike 
 Charlene,  Thanks for the email.  I have talked with Sally several times on this last= =20 couple of days and I understand that OU has a different recruiting schedule= =20 then other schools.  Enron is on campus for recruiting in the near future a= nd=20 I have asked Sally to tag on some interviews for summer interns while on th= at=20 trip.  I believe that she has been able to schedule this so I believe that= =20 from an OU perspective it may be a mute point now.  Doing that should be ab= le=20 to maintain the momentum that we have developed at OU and all the work Lexi= =20 has done.  By the way, the recruiting trip a couple of weeks ago was very= =20 successful.  If you have any other questions or comments please let me know.  mike 
 fine, sorry for the delay. m 
 FYI 
 Howdy from Tokyo.  Brutal trip.  Thanks for your follow-up m 
 Sally,  Thanks for the email and update.  I agree that we must do something quickly to resolve this.  I believe that you should interview for summer interns as an extension to your upcoming planned recruiting trip.  I know you were very happy with the summer interns from the energy management program at OU that you got last year ( I was surprised and the school was thrilled  that you offered all 5 permanent positions upon graduation).   We cant lose that momentum.  I am sure that each school's program is different and that most don't interview for summer interns this early in the year but from what I have learned about the OU schedule, we will lose all the top candidates if we wait.  I am sure that is not what Charlene and Celeste were trying to accomplish with their guidelines.  Please keep me up informed on this matter.  Thanks and good luck with the students.  mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 Doug, Sounds fun but I can't commit now.  Please do not wait on me, go ahead and fill up the foursome. thanks,mike 
 Jeff, You're right. I missed it.  Go ahead and send yours back with the Singapore operations and current trading operations exclusion and mention that I agree with your assessment also even though i said fine earlier).  m 
 Jay,  Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of the draft review I prepared for Steve.  I would appreciate your views and please make changes you feel are necessary and appropriate.  It is set up for Thursday morning at 9 am.  I could use your help.  What do you think?  mike 
 thanks, i like the letter. m 
 Rick, Obviously we want to control access to the LNG terminal.  I don't really understand why it is so difficult if we go to 50%, its a negotiation item. Or at least a cheap retention option not to be given away for free. After your follow-up meetings, please let me know if we need to get more involved. m 
 Carol, Thanks for the email.  Please send it to the office upon your receipt.  On the coat, I don't have time to think about it now.  Thanks for bringing it to my attention. mike 
 Joe,  I enjoyed it as well.  We all have a lot to do and money to make!  I got a long voicemail back from K Lay on my message to him and he heard me on the ePower side.  He also said that he had heard similar concerns as well.  Rick Bergseiker (LNG) will be calling you.  He left me a voicemail that he has been working with ePower quite a bit and has talked about 2 LNG facilities.  i told him to work with you.  Cheers, mike 
 Marty, Thanks so much for your email and support!  I apologize for the slow response but I am in Asia and have had some difficulties keeping up.  You don't need to worry about the matching, I'll take care of it all.  We are making this hassle free for the supporters.  Thanks again so much. mike 
 Thanks, if you have it i would like to see an image but doubtful that i would buy another now. m 
 Don,  Howdy from Tokyo.  Thanks for the email.  It was great hearing from you.  I would be happy to talk with you in Dallas about your business.  In the mean time, why don't you send me a new email (without the personal stuff) about your company and references to your website and i will forward it to the appropriate people within Enron with a note to insure that it gets the proper attention.  Thanks and see you soon. Mike 
 Beverly, Wow!  Fantastic.  Thanks for sharing your success and letter. mike 
 Virginia,  Thanks for the update.  I will not have an opportunity to talk with you right now.  I am in Tokyo and my next destination may change due to business events in the middle east.  I am very interested in acquiring Blue note, however,  I do want to know more about the price.  I was close to locating one via a gallery via ebay for a lot less.  Also, your price was $4,500 for the same piece framed.  Is there room on the price if I give you a firm commitment.  The ebay price is significantly discounted but they are not ready to close the deal yet either.  If you can't get them down on the price,  it is worth me chasing down the other option for a while.  Please let me know via email and I will attempt to be responsive via odd time zones.  Thanks, mike 
 Mark,  Ouch, that stings.  Hopefully you are the only one that knows!  I know you can close the deal anyway!  Mike 
 Rex,  If i am no longer a section 16 officer, do i need to be removed from this list?  What is the status?  Thanks, mike 
 My passport number is: 132871136.  Cathy Phillips can answer any other questions. thanks, mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI, project Dragon.  It looks like it is done.  i replied that we understood and it was fine. m 
 Thanks, understood and good luck. mike 
 Hi Mary Anne -  I am responding to your message on behalf of Mike McConnell.  Mike is in Singapore at this time and we are not sure if he will be successful in dialing up to catch up on his e-mail correspondence.  Thank you very much for your message.  We solicit one time lump-sum contributions to JDF rather than per mile.  In addition, we collect the pledges for the walk - rain or shine.  The reason of course is that our main goal is to raise money to find a cure and we would prefer that weather or other elements beyond our control not impact our ability to raise funds. However, we have a great time on walk day and we have a lot of people turn out for the walk.  This year we are anticipating in excess of 500 walkers. The total amount of donations that are turned in by Enron employees are very generously matched dollar-for-dollar by the Enron Foundation.  Therefore, the matching forms are not necessary.  If you happen to be in Houston on November 5th we would enjoy having you join us for the walk.  If you care to make a donation, it may be mailed to Mike at the following address:  Mike McConnell Enron Global Markets 1400 Smith Street, EB 3328 Houston, TX  77002  If you donate $25 or more you are entitled to an Enron/JDF Walk T-shirt.  If you are interested just send us your size (M-L-XL-XXL) and location and we will get one to you.  Thanks again.  Cathy Phillips 713-853-6898 
 Cool, This is a big deal and a deal we should highlight as an example of our vision of the future.  Congratulate the team. m 
 congrats.  see you next year. m 
 Thanks I know they are meeting but didn;t specifically know about LNG.  I'll let you know lhow it comes out. m 
 Virgina, Hello from Singapore.  Thanks for the email.  I am interested in the Lichtenstein.  Is the #4 the same as the one you had in the gallery? What is the price and what does the frame look like?  Do you have a picture or could you put it on your website? I am still interested in the Matisse but Chris isn't so sure.  We are still thinking about that one. Thanks, Mike 
 fyi 
 Mark,  Attached is the information you requested for your presentation to the analysts.  I didn't know exactly what you were looking for, so I listed out a lengthy laundry list of facts and philosophies for each group for you to pick and choose what information and style that you wanted.  I didn't attempt to put this in a final set of dot points.  I realize that this is a lot more than what you wanted but I didn't know your other pieces or what was needed to be consistent with the other sections of the presentation.  I hope this is what you were looking for and i apologize for the delay.  If you want anything else or more specific types of other information, please let me know via email or preferably via voicemail in Houston.  I'll be Singapore until Wed. evening when I arrive in Toyko.  I am 13 hours ahead of Houston time.  Thanks and have a good trip.  Let me know if you want me to look at a draft copy.  Mike  PS;  good luck with Eric "boy do i want to be in LNG" Gonzelas 
 Jeff, I don't know if you got this.  What do you think?  Interesting background and info for Net Works or our moving into the Chemical business. mike 
 John,  I just realized that I didn't return your call on Friday.  I ran out of the office on Friday after two difficult days and had Cathy collect all my stuff for my trip.  Jeff and I landed in Singapore last night at 1am (it is odd leaving for the airport on Sat. morning and arriving on Monday morning) and are in the office for a while this afternoon.  I'll give you a call a little bit later.  If your call is urgent, please don't hesitate to give me a voicemail if our time zones don't match up. Thanks and sorry for the delay. m 
 Robert,  Attached is the draft review for Steve.  Please review and make changes/corrections as you believe are necessary.  I could use the help, this is a tough one.   Please let me know your views on the tone and message as well.  I will give him  the actual review when i get back from Asia.  Thanks, mike 
 Unfortunately, Mike will be unable to attend the meeting on Sept. 29th since he will still be Japan at the time.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 Thor,  I'm out of town again and will calll you another time.  I plan on bringing the plan  on my Asia trip which begins on Sat.  Both Jeff and I will read it then and provide comments.  Thanks, mike 
 Joe,  Stan Horton has been invited to attend a series of meetings associated with INGAA in Tokyo.  I believe that Stan is the Chairman of INGAA.  There are some Tokyo companies that are a part of the organization.  Bill Smith, CEO of Sonat (now El Paso) and will be talking about LNG and Japanese requirements and will be going to Tokyo.  Stan has asked both Sherriff and me if this is worth his attendance.  I thought you would be the best answer to that.  I also told him that you could represent Enron very well in any meeting in Japan.  Please call Stan at 713 853 6177 and discuss with him.  He can fill you in better on the details.  Your call.  Thanks, mike 
 George,  I would like to have a brief (30 minute) meeting about the noise in the political system about synfuel and reaffirm Jordon's viewpoint on Section 29 credits.  This is big issue and without this reaffirmation I believe we will have approval issues with RAC and others.  I want Jeff and/or I in the meeting.  Thanks, mike 
 CP, what do you think of this draft.  Too close to last year? m 
 Hi Darren -  I am responding for Mike.  If you still need to see him (and Shankman) please contact me so that I may schedule some time on his calendar next week.  Thanks.  Cathy P. X-36898 
 Hi Craig -  Mike McConnell asked me to respond to you on his behalf.  He said thank you for the message, but unfortunately, due to his travel schedule he will be unavailable to meet.  Thanks again.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Hi Angie -  Please pass along our thanks for the invitation.  I have confirmed that Saturday evening is the only time I will have an opportunity to see my brother, therefore I will be unable to attend.  In addition, Mike checked his calendar and found out that he and his wife have been committed for several weeks to attend a social engagement on that evening.  Again, thanks.  Cathy Phillips and Mike McConnell 
 If he is waiting on me, please have him send it out. m 
 Thank you all for signing up to be Team Leaders for our JDF Campaign this year.  The first Enron JDF/Team Leader Luncheon is today, Wednesday, September 13th, at 11:30 a.m. at the Met.  This will be a very important and informative session and I hope that everyone will attend.  I look forward to seeing you at the luncheon.  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  My sincerest thanks to all of you that were able to attend the JDF Kick-off Luncheon on September 6th.  It was a great event and a wonderful opportunity for those of you not familiar with JDF to find out what the JDF Walk is all about.  For those of you that were not able to join us, we missed you and we look forward to having you join us for our future sessions.  The Enron/JDF Team Leaders Kick-off Luncheon will take place on Wednesday, September 13th, at the Houston Metropolitan Racquet Club (The Met) beginning at 11:30 a.m.  I would like to encourage each of you to mark your calendar and make plans to attend this very important luncheon meeting.  At this kick-off meeting we will be distributing supplies and gift bags, reviewing important details about our campaign, learning more about JDF, and discussing our fundraising goal for this year's campaign.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team in Houston for 5 years in a row and we plan to continue in that position and we need your help to make it happen!  Please take just a moment to RSVP your attendance via e-mail to Rachel Feldt on the Corporate Lotus Notes directory or to rachel.feldt@enron.com.  The Steering Committee members for this year's campaign are listed below. Please feel free to contact me or any Steering Committee member if you have any questions or if you have friends that you would like to sign up to help with our campaign.  Steering Committee Members:  Blanca Bollom X66091 Rachel Feldt  X57629 Deb Gebhardt X39606 Cathy Phillips X36898 John Walt  X35379 Debbie Yates X35305  I look forward to seeing all of you at the luncheon on Wednesday.  Thanks!  Mike McConnell 
 Hi John -  Mike McConnell is out of the office today, so I am responding to you on his behalf.  I wanted to call you, but I cannot find a phone number for you.  Can you please send your contact information (phone number and location) to me and Mike so that we can get you signed up on a team.  Thanks!  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 Thor -  We received your message, but Jeff and I are out of the office today and have not had a chance to review your document.  We will be back in touch when we return to the office.  Mike 
 no thank you not at this time. m 
 Vanessa, Thanks for the note.  I'll check out the book but I don't think I'll stop my insulin! mike 
 Lacye, Thank you for your note and help!  I look forward to seeing you at the walk. mike 
 Wanda, Thanks for your story and support.  We will have great event again this year.  Let me know if there is anything I can do with your business unit to help you. Mike 
 Thanks!!!! That is a great start to the campaign, you're a pal. mike 
 Great, I am very happy you are a supporter. m 
 Great, m    Enron North America Corp. 
 Congrats to all.  Jeff and I believe that EOL is a vital part of growing our businesses and your focus is appreciated. mike 
 Ron,  Thanks for the great news.  Also thanks so much for the gifts that I just received.  I wrote you a separate note on Friday, but I wanted to thank you again. The car is great and it arrived in a time of chaos and was a very pleasant distraction.  I am gathering information on my BMW so that I can sell that to the dealership at the same time I pick up my new car.  I will have all my lease information with me.  I have a few months left on the lease and will have all the needed information to complete the transaction.  If you would, please forward this to or let me know who I should deal with at the North side dealership.  I don't want another Bob Brooks situation to occur.  Also I don't want him dealing with the purchase of my BMW since I believe he is in that part of the dealership now.   I expect a fair price for my car and with our history, I don't want him involved in pricing my car.  I am confident that someone else will be better to deal with and will give me a fair deal with my cash purchase for the CL.  I guess I just need a name at the dealership.  Thanks, mike 
 FYI, I've had a meeting with oxley on this. m 
 Gary, Thanks and good luck.  Be sure and thank your wife for me for all her efforts. mike 
 Thor, I've been out and forgot to call you back.  sorry for that.  I'll take a look at the plan when it comes in and if there is some other information that Jeff or I want to see, we'll let you know. Thanks, m 
 Mark,  The bigger issue is what are we going to do with EE&CC.  If their time is coming and we need to split them up then I would agree with this but otherwise I am not sure this is the best thing to do.  I have had very little actual work with EE&CC in the past year and can't really comment on their effectiveness.  mike 
 Can you please arrange for this message to be sent to all of Enron - Houston this evening.  It should have Mike McConnell's letterhead and we would like an opportunity to preview the final message before it goes out.  Please contact me at X-36898 if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Cathy Phillips   It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I continue to serve on the board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for this year's fundraising efforts.  As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself. Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.  Taking insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it they would die.  Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.  JDF is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money raised goes directly to research.  Enron's goal this year is to raise $225,000 and we need your help.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place!  We need team leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal.  The theme for the walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us for this great event.  The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.  If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if you would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee members listed below.  If you are interested in being a team leader, please contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included in the first important and informative training session taking place this week.  Thank you very much for your support.  Mike McConnell  Steering Committee Members:  Blanca Bollom X66091 Rachel Feldt  X57629 Deb Gebhardt X39606 Cathy Phillips X36898 John Walt  X35379 Debbie Yates X35305 
 My sincerest thanks to all of you that were able to attend the JDF Kick-off Luncheon on September 6th.  It was a great event and a wonderful opportunity for those of you not familiar with JDF to find out what the JDF Walk is all about.  For those of you that were not able to join us, we missed you and we look forward to having you join us for our future sessions.  The Enron/JDF Team Leaders Kick-off Luncheon will take place on Wednesday, September 13th, at the Houston Metropolitan Racquet Club (The Met) beginning at 11:30 a.m.  I would like to encourage each of you to mark your calendar and make plans to attend this very important luncheon meeting.  At this kick-off meeting we will be distributing supplies and gift bags, reviewing important details about our campaign, learning more about JDF, and discussing our fundraising goal for this year's campaign.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team in Houston for 5 years in a row and we plan to continue in that position and we need your help to make it happen!  Please take just a moment to RSVP your attendance via e-mail to Rachel Feldt on the Corporate Lotus Notes directory or to rachel.feldt@enron.com.  The Steering Committee members for this year's campaign are listed below. Please feel free to contact me or any Steering Committee member if you have any questions or if you have friends that you would like to sign up to help with our campaign.  Steering Committee Members:  Blanca Bollom X66091 Rachel Feldt  X57629 Deb Gebhardt X39606 Cathy Phillips X36898 John Walt  X35379 Debbie Yates X35305  I look forward to seeing all of you at the luncheon on Wednesday.  Thanks!  Mike McConnell 
 Virginia,  A follow-up email to our earlier discussions.  I have been out of the=20 country.   I was unable to pull up the images you sent to me and my home=20 email address. I am interested in the Matisse and would like to see the=20 image.  On the Liechtenstein, I like the one you had and would be intereste= d=20 in talking if you could find another.  Please let me know if you can find one.  Also i would appreciate you sendin= g=20 another image of the matisse.  Thanks, Mike 
 Stuart,  A quick second follow up.  I talked again with Cindy Olson and she has discussed the issue in detail with the Astros organization.  They are going to think about this and examine for next season.  They did say that this was the first time this was brought up but they want to be sensitive and will consider at change.  Thanks for bringing this to my attention.  Mike 
 I think so, you saw the email i sent this morning regarding india.  You must visit there so we need to have it atleast long enough for you to visit!!!!!!!! m 
 Julie,  Thanks for the email.  I have moved again within Enron.  I am now President and CEO (about 3 weeks ago) for Enron Global Markets, a new business unit within Enron's wholesale group.  This group is responsible for all Crude and Products, Coal, Emissions, Global Risk Mgt. (insurance), weather, LNG, F/X, interest rates, equities and agriculture.  It's a wild time yet again for the McConnell family.  It's nice to be back in the energy business.  On the technology side, Phillipe Bibi is the Chief Technology Officer for Enron Net Works and he would be a good contact.  His email address is phillipe.bibi@enron.com  Thanks and I'll pass on SMU news to Chris.  Her email address at home is mmccontex@aol.com.  Say hello to Bob.  Mike 
 CP,  Attached is the latest draft copy of the memo.  Each group has had an opportunity to comment and it has been amended several times.  I would like you to take a look at it and add your comments and changes.  You are always the key to a good memo and your changes are vital to making this a first rate memo.  Also Freight is in blue and i don't know how to take it back to normal.  I would like this out on Tuesday evening.  After i get your version back, go ahead and make your changes directly on the memo. Please send to Jeff for final review and one more pass thru the business units on Monday.  Thanks, m 
 I'm there! mike   Office of the Chairman - Enron Industrial Markets 
 Thanks, good luck. m 
 Wade,  Thanks for the email.  I would be an angle investor in your 24 hour a day extension machine.  If anyone could do it, it would be Sanjay.  I would very much like to meet with you.  Jeff as well.  I"ve got several openings that I can create on Wed Sept 13th.  10:30 - 11:15, 1:30 - 2:00; 3:30 - 5:00.  Let me know what works.  Mike 
 FYI m 
 Dan,  Fred has not had much luck with getting attention with this.  This sounds like it should be in your (new) group.  Please give Fred a call, I think this sounds very interesting and is worth a follow-up.  Mike 
 Ron,  I'm back in the office today and was of course thinking about my car.  Did we make the dates you referenced earlier?  I have a weekend in Oct. that will require a drive to Dallas to meet many of my old school friends and was wondering if I would have the car.  Also, I have an extensive international travel schedule coming and I can schedule around a possible delivery date.  Thanks, mike 
 Thank you for signing up to attend the JDF Kick-off Luncheon and for agreeing to be a team leader for our campaign this year.  I look forward to seeing each of you at the luncheon tomorrow, Wednesday, September 6th, at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in the Imperial Ballroom at 11:30 a.m.  Enron has reserved several tables, so be sure to join us at one of our tables.  Again, my sincerest thanks for your commitment to JDF and our campaign.  See you tomorrow.  Mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  By now all of you should have received an invitation to the JDF 2000 Walk to Cure Diabetes Kick-Off Luncheon on Wednesday, September 6th, 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.  I would like to take this opportunity to personally invite and encourage each of you to attend and join me as we represent Enron at this important meeting.  Our plan is to reserve several tables at the luncheon just for Enron. Whether you have received an invitation or not, I would like for each of you to make plans to join us at the luncheon.  In order to reserve sufficient seats at the luncheon (and even if you have already made a reservation with the JDF office) please send a brief Lotus Notes message to Cathy Phillips or call her at X-36898 to let her know if we may plan on your attendance.  I look forward to seeing you at the luncheon and working with you on the fun and exciting JDF campaign that we have planned for this year.  Thank you.  Mike McConnell 
 Mike McConnell is on vacation until next Wednesday, September 6th.  Please contact Cathy Phillips via e-mail or call 713-853-6898 to schedule time with Mike.  Thank you. 
 Mike McConnell is out of the office on vacation until next Wednesday.  He does not have his computer with him on this trip, therefore he has asked me to scan his e-mail for him.  Since he returns Wednesday, his calendar is very full and unfortunately he will be in a meeting with the Executive Committee off-site on Friday.  I can tentatively hold 1:30 - 2:00 p.m. on Wednesday afternoon.  Since I will be unable to confirm this meeting with Mike until he returns that same morning, can you please call me at X-36898 on Wednesday morning to confirm the appointment.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips Assistant to Mike McConnell 
 Jane, I certainly fine with joining the board. mike 
 Pup,  Howdy.   Back from the UK and Norway and am off for vacation to Boston and area for a wedding in Chris' family at lunch today.  There will be 65 Flynns there.  Hopefully it will be cooler.  Update for Dallas.  Golf - tee time for 4 (I didn't know if anyone else would join us) at 1:28.  Spa - Brenda and Chris both have 1 1/2 hours massages at 1:50 pm.  If Brenda wants anything else she can call the Four Seasons but at least they both have a spot.  I look forward to the weekend.  This is the most prepared we will have ever been for the weekend.  Mike 
 Please consider this as authorization for use of this room. Mike 
 Fred, Louise Kitchen was going to look into this.  Please give her a call and get an update. Thanks, mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 Joe, Sorry for the big delay in all my responses.  I'm out on vacation Wed - Wed. and can't make the video call. Please don't hesitate to set up with Shankman.  In general he is very on board with a big effort in Asia and realizes my views on Asia and that we have issues in Singapore.  Japan will be a  real focus for Enron Global Markets.  He could use an update. mike 
 Apologies again, we do need to talk.  Asia is critical to our growth and we do need to talk.  My schedule is a mess but as i stated in last email, go ahead and call Jeff and discuss.  LNG is ours and thanks for the input.  We will be making big changes and growing without incumbency.  Mike Brown does work for us but I dont really know what he does and would like your input.  mike 
 Understood, here's to hoping. m 
 I got this resume this afternoon.  It sounds like a possible fit for what George was looking for.  Do you know this guy? m 
 Tom, Thanks for the email.  I talk around the group and see if your background fits our needs. mike 
 I just read the announcement.  Congrats, I like the structure you guys put in place and I was happy to hear your announcement in particular. You'll do great.  If there is anything I can ever do to help, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Mike 
 Marty, I just read the email.  Congrats, it sounds like a great opportunity, I like the structure.  You'll do great and if there is anything that I can do to help, don't hesitate to contact me. mike 
 Our relocation to the new building is fast approaching and there are several important move related items that I would like to stress at this time.  I would appreciate your cooperation with the key move issues that are outlined below:  IMPORTANT - A special building tour has been scheduled for the EGM business unit heads receiving this message.  Jeff and I, along with Bill Donovan, would like to invite you to join us for a tour on this Friday morning, June 8th, from 8:30 to 9:30 a.m.  Even if you have already had an opportunity to visit the new building, we think this would be a great opportunity for all of us to see the space together and discuss any issues at that time.  Please contact Cathy Phillips at X-36898 if you plan to attend the tour. New building floor plan modification requests will no longer be accepted. Any change requests that have already been received are currently being considered and will be conveyed to the appropriate business unit head. If vacant positions exist and they will be filled before the move on August 3rd, they need to be identified on all reports and floor plans with their name, NH (for new hire) and an approximate hire date.  Example:  Bob Smith NH 7/25 Any space/move related questions or issues that may arise should be addressed by Cathy Phillips.  Please do not contact Susan Lopez for any space related issues.  Jeff and I have asked Cathy and Jennifer Burns to be responsible for the allocation of space in the new building and they are keeping us well informed as to the progress and any issues as they arise. Jeff and I are very aware that space is very tight in the new building and we will be addressing growth and additional space needs and issues in the near future. A limited number of Turret phones will be available in the new building.  The Turret phones will be assigned to traders and their assistants only. Everyone else on the floor will receive a new upgraded version of the Lucent phone (with the existing phone numbers).  Please contact Jennifer Burns if you have any questions or issues related to phones. All private team rooms, offices and conference rooms have been assigned and there are no more available for assignment to the individual groups or people.  On the 3rd floor we will have the following public conference space available by making reservations (specific scheduling details to follow later): 1 Mega conference room 1 Large conference room with videoconference capabilities 1 Large conference room - no videoconference 3 Team rooms File space on the floor is being upgraded and allocations of file space will be made for each group.  Every attempt is being made to have the assigned file space as close to each individual group as possible. At this time, details related to food deliveries and distribution have not been resolved.  Your patience and flexibility with all food related issues will be appreciated.  It is highly probable that food service in the new building will be very difficult at first and as we get closer to the move date, more information will be provided related to food service, deliveries and distribution. Since Jeff and I both already keep Cathy and Jennifer very busy, we would appreciate it if you would send all your comments, questions, or issues to them via e-mail.  They have agreed to make themselves available every Monday at 4:30 p.m. to meet with anyone to discuss their questions.  Please make arrangements with them directly to meet regarding your issues. There will be a 60 day freeze on any building changes once we move into the new building.  I understand that this is a difficult process and that there are a lot of questions and issues, but Jeff and I are convinced that this will be great and everything will work out in time.  Thank you for your cooperation and assistance in making this transition to the new building as smooth as possible.  Mike 
 John,  Attached is the latest draft for your review.  I changed the format on your section and some of the wording.  I was attempting to make this easier for some of your employees by the wording.  Are you sure you want to separate out Doug F from Randy's group?  I also added Doug L in there as well.  Please check the wording and spelling of everyone's name carefully.  Please make any changes on the attached word file and return. I'll cut and paste your new section in the master memo.  Thanks, Mike 
 Yes, I thought it went well also.  We can find a way to get a long term commitment from EOTT, thus changing their organization, without taking on the price risk.  On the hiring, I think that is a good idea.  If it is put in a way that due to the extensive growth that we expect to have, you want to be in the hiring loop, I don't see how people can object.  It is not a trust situation but an additional reference point.  We are here to help. mike 
 Cathy, before I forget, would you please make a tee time of approx. 1pm for 4 people at the golf course at the Four Seasons under my name (friday).  Also if you would set up massages for Brenda Jones and Chris at about the same time or later.  I would really appreciate it.  All can be a little later but cant be any earlier.  We need to begin golf by 2pm to finish. thanks, m 
 Guys, I received this today.  FYI and follow-up if you're interested. Hope all is well. Mike 
 Jeannie, Hello, I'm back this morning from overseas.  I am assuming that you got what you needed but in case you are still waiting on a response, I like the article.  If you still have time or want any additional comments.  I would simply add a couple of products to the list of Enron Global Markets.  The group is also responsible for Global Risk Management (insurance products), LNG trading, agriculture trading, and Interest rate trading.  I just don't want to leave any groups out of the article if possible.  Thanks and good luck and i certainly understand if I'm too late. mike 
 Darren,  thanks for the email update.  I still like this deal.  I hope that we can get back in some day. m 
 By now all of you should have received an invitation to the JDF 2000 Walk to Cure Diabetes Kick-Off Luncheon on Wednesday, September 6th, 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.  I would like to take this opportunity to personally invite and encourage each of you to attend and join me as we represent Enron at this important meeting.  Our plan is to reserve several tables at the luncheon just for Enron. Whether you have received an invitation or not, I would like for each of you to make plans to join us at the luncheon.  In order to reserve sufficient seats at the luncheon (and even if you have already made a reservation with the JDF office) please send a brief Lotus Notes message to Cathy Phillips or call her at X-36898 to let her know if we may plan on your attendance.  I look forward to seeing you at the luncheon and working with you on the fun and exciting JDF campaign that we have planned for this year.  Thank you.  Mike McConnell 
 Jonny,  Cheers from London.  Currently meeting all of my new employees.  Off to Oslo tomorrow.  we trade weather from Norway for the European continent.  I love the fact that we trade weather!  Thanks for the update will set up golf and massages.  Mike 
 Joe, Yes we are working on it.  The executive PRC is in the way right now and we are confirming the dates.  We'll be in contact. m 
 FYI, should we meet with this guy?  Have we done anything with them especially with EOL? m 
 I sent this on to Gary and Jeff.  He's worth talking to. mike 
 I couldn't print this out. It was all messed up.  Please call try on a different printer and if it still doesn't work, get a hard copy. thanks, m 
 Gary, FYI and consideration, Billy Lemmons called me on this guy.  It sounds like we should talk to him. mike 
 fyi 
 Pelt,  We have made reservations for Fri. and Sat,  I didn't make yours but i would move quickly.  Would you like me to set up a tee time and massages for the girls?  I figured a 1 pm tee time?  Also what about tickets for the game itself.  Will you have access as years gone by or does the search need to begin?  Mike 
 Thor,  Thanks for the email.  The timing of it is amazing.  We were talking about this yesterday late afternoon.  Jeff and I will be in London next week to meet everyone and to get a full briefing of activities and everyone's views of their markets.  Cathy Phillips, my assistant, booked us to go to Norway to meet you and hear about all the activities that are going on there.  I hope you are in and can give us a full download on your business and obviously weather.  We made arrangements to go on Thursday and stay Thursday night.  We made these plans in advance of knowing your availability.  Do you have dinner plans on Thursday evening?  We are scheduled to leave on Friday morning to return to Houston.  Please send me a return email to confirm availability and Cathy will add to our schedules.  I look forward to meeting you and learning about your successful business.  Jeff and I will be available for your entire staff, if you would like us to talk about what is going on back in Houston.   Thanks, mike 
 FYI, are you aware of this?  Were you planning to attend? m 
 Greg,  Thanks for the clarification.  I guess I was too serious and in a business mode.  By the way, I don't have any photos, all they would do is scare people, especially me.  Mike 
 John,  Thanks for your outlines.  Here are a couple of others that aren't kid related.  The Choice is just 1 small piece but I love it.  Actually,  The Choice moved me so much, I sold my piece of the business (Excel)  and returned to Enron -  the rest is history.  Enjoy, Mike  PS - We are way to similar! 
 Everett,  congrats! mike 
 George,  Thanks for the email.  Congrats on the getting non-binding bid, I think. When we get a chance, after Sempra closes, please set up a meeting with all of us and Frevert to discuss in detail.  Also include Jeff Donahue. You are aware of my concerns and issues and we need to discuss them in great detail before we move forward with Pacificorp.  Mike 
 Greg,  I didn't realize you were doing that, that's great.  I am sure they need your help, so few people are willing to give back to their old collegiate experiences.  My thanks as a Sig Ep.  I just changed jobs within Enron  (again) and have had a wild and difficult morning and your email made me chuckle.  I have done a few things at OU, and may be coming up in Sept. for a speech, and I'm not sure what pictures you are talking about.  The business school took some pictures and so did the Energy Management Program (the old PLM school) but I have not seen them nor do i know what they did with any they took.  If you are talking about a formal picture, I could provide one with my corporate bio if you need it for some reason.  Thanks for the chuckle, mike  PS:  I have been called a lot of things including "that God damned McConnell"  but that is as close as it gets. 
 Test 
 Sweet-um,  I've never sent you an email.  Did you get this?  Love, mike 
 Sally, Below is a draft of the official organization announcement that will address Brent and his team.  I was unable to get this out earlier and am ready upon your review.  Please examine the Brent section and make sure that it is correct and stated properly.  Please send your comments back ASAP and I'll get this out.  Thanks, Mike  draft  After having conducted our first of several business reviews, we'd like to outline the following organizational changes effective immediately.  The Global Risk Markets group under Jere Overdyke illustrates enormous opportunities given the size of those businesses.  To better focus on the different commercial functions, and to capture market share and value, the group is being realigned.  Jere will continue to manage Global Risk Markets, and build on our insurance capabilities.  Mark Tawney is responsible for our weather business and will now report to the EGM Office of the Chairman. Still under consideration - The Enron Corporate Insurance group under Jim Bouillion will now report into the corporate organization under  George Wasaff.  Brent Price will be joining Enron Global Markets as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer.  He will report to the EGM Office of the Chairman, and to Rick Causey, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Enron Corp.  He will be responsible to Sally Beck for the business operations areas of the businesses.  Reporting to Brent in his new position will be Sheila Glover, business controller for Financial Products;  Todd Hall, business controller for weather; and Scott Earnest, business controller for global liquids and coal.  In addition, Tom Myers as Director of Accounting.  Brent and his team are responsible for all accounting and position reporting issues for all the businesses within EGM.  Cindy Skinner will join the Enron Global Markets team with responsibility for Human Resources.  She will also report to David Oxley and the HR organization.  Please join us in congratulating everyone in their assignments. 
 Dons loss was a shock to all of us and his family is in our prayers.  He was a very nice man and his sudden death woke us all up about our priorities. mike 
 This year may be more fun.  We are very thin and if our QB goes down or doesn't perform, it will be a long year.  It will definitely be more fun however. m 
 Jeff,  Attached is the first draft of the first organization announcement.  Please add your changes, ideas and corrections and return to me.  Once you have provide comments, I'll send to sally and Brent to make sure all of the that part is accurate.  Also I have a call into Jere confirming the move on the Corp insurance piece.  I didn't but in anything about Cindy Skinner, go ahead and add that as well.  Please don't hesitate to make wording changes.  I don't have any pride of authorship here.  Thanks, mike 
 Paula, Thanks for the email.  I do have a question.  I am talking with these folks because of your personal reference but how does this work with Project Summer.  Although we don't talk about this, I have heard (not first hand) that there will not be an opportunity for people transfer because of the deal.  I don't want to waste anyone's time if this is just an exercise  What is the scoop?  Mike 
 Lea,  I like this and it gives us something to start with.  Let's us this as a "living" document and expand it with the thought that we can present this to Ken as a presentation.  A few thoughts: Add a section of what the collection will not be. e.g.:  not so contemporary that majority of people will have a very negative reaction.  Understanding that not everyone will ever agree on everything Address a few ideas on key locations and options per key areas.  For example:  5 key large major areas could contain the following themes - 1 large painting by commissioned contemporary recognized artists.  Present a few artists as options and ideas.  Key trading areas:  could be modern and high energy to reflect the culture or the opposite, more serene commentary as a balance.  pick artists as an idea. Address key themes:  trading are will have xxxx, individual business unit common areas can be distinct to their culture with guidelines such as xxxx. Describe the area reserved for Enron  memorabilia? General theme considerations and guidelines: Innovation, global, as you've already addressed List out options with front entry area (Nevelson) Address old building and what we are going to do with the collection:  for example art work will be more consistent within business units and will be re-aligned, common areas will link with new concepts and themes A few thoughts on budget and generally how it will be spent as a guideline: e.g.:  20% will be spent on 5 key areas, 10% on trading floor areas..... Timeline and the need to start now Update:  RC set up and ready, funding by Andy Fastow  I hope this helps and gives you feedback as you wanted.  With Jeff and my new responsibilities, we have even less time to spend on this then before.  We should discuss and address now so that it is fair on you and we put that plan tougher as well.  Thanks, Mike  PS:  I'm sorry but I forgot to address the sponsorship idea you had.  If you still feel strongly about it send me an email and I'll run it through the channels. 
 I agree, congrats. mike 
 Pup,  That sounds great to us.  I take it you are not bringing the kids.  Have you already made reservations and a tee time?  Who else is included in this? Also, am i interfering by inviting ourselves in your plans!  Mike 
 Chris,  Thanks for the response and thanks for the consideration.  I accept and we're done.  I will have a check out to you today via overnight mail.  Price:  9,500 less $500 plus $150 = $9,150  Please ship to:  Mike McConnell 13451 Belhaven Drive Houston, Texas 77069  I look forward to doing business with you in the future.  I'll let you know the next time I'm back in the market for a specific piece or artist.  Also please give my home a call (281-895-6855) when the piece gets in the mail so that I can make sure that my wife is around to accept delivery.  Sincerely, Mike  PS - Your price was right on the mark for an easy personal decision.  My wife actually preferred another piece that was slightly cheaper and this let me get my favorite piece! 
 Dan,  I have read the Synfuel marketing plan, it is excellent work and I would like to see this duplicated (or amended) with AIG or other concepts like this as they develop.  Thanks, Mike 
 Dan,  Thanks for the email and quick response.  I am in the process of discussing this with various people.  A couple of observations that have become clear and  I want to pass them on to you.  Overall, the size of the transaction is not going to fly.  If we brought in other players and significantly reduced our exposure and the other players validated the technology and overall play, it would increase the odds that we are interested in this type of deal.  Rick Buy stated firmly that Jeff will not be interested in taking this type of deal to the board especially with what just happened with Ecogas and Kafus.  I called George last night and touched on these topics but they have been reconfirmed this morning.  I understand that the deal is very active and needs to move forward now, but I think we should inform Pacificorp that we will not take the entire deal.  Last night George stated that he may not want to tell them that and I agreed.  But upon reflection, I think that needs to be re-addressed.  The original deal size is DOA and if I really believe that, then not passing that information could hurt us in getting any size deal potentially closed with these guys.  Also having them assist in bringing others to the table might be beneficial.  I'll keep you informed as i move forward and learn more.  Mike 
 Dave,  Per my voicemail.  Please give me a call on this.  Mike 
 Kevin,  A quick question before our meeting.  Didn't we have a little different form that you used at HPL?  I thought I remembered a little different version of the Contract Approval Sheet.  One that had more detail and description of the risks.  Thanks, Mike 
 FYI, mike 
 Jonny,  Thank you so much for the email and kind words.  I was very moved by it and you know I feel the same way.  I have become very reflective with the more "success" that I have been fortunate enough to receive.  I am so thankful and appreciative and although I have always been religious and spiritual, it has grown more deeply.  I see so many people that have lost their perspective and I pray that I will remain grounded and truly appreciate the blessings that our family has received.  Chris and I often discuss how we can help others and what can we do to really make a difference.  The Jones and the McConnells are truly very lucky.   Thanks, and give my love to your family.  Mike   PS:  What about OU - Texas, do you have any ideas or plans already in the works? 
 Brandon,  I told McMahon that I would sign it so please forward on to me for execution.  Thanks, mike 
 Randy,  Thanks for the email.  Yes,  life is wild at Enronville.  It was a very difficult decision to leave this group but I am enjoying my first week.  I keep up via old channels with your company.  I am so glad that it all worked out and I know you will have continued success.  I'll give you a call when things settle down.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  mike 
 Thanks for including me. Sorry I was unable to attend. m 
 Greg,  Thanks for the email.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  I appreciate you including me in the notice.  This really makes you realize what is truly important.  Mike 
 FYI and follow-up. m 
 Stuart,  Thanks for the email and raising this issue.  While reading it, I must admit I was very surprised.  I am not a big baseball fan and have been to only 2 games this year and I hadn't noticed it.  I just called Cindy Olson and left her a voicemail with your concern.  I will not forward your email and I will respect your privacy request.  When I hear from her, I'll let you what she says.  Thanks, Mike 
 Bob, I hope all is well.  I appreciate your thoughts of including me and sending me emails but I need you to take me off your distribution list.  This type of emails are not allowed at Enron and there are consequences with opening them.  I hope you understand.  Mike 
 Brandon, what is the status of the dash? m 
 Jeff, do you know this publication? mike 
 Jennifer, Thank you very much for your email.  I can still watch everyone's success! I enjoyed working with you and your group.  Best of luck to you in the future. Mike 
 Cool,  I don't know what it tells me but I love it.  It looks like a map of world domination!  Mike 
 Joe,  of course, I'll ask Cathy to set up a time for a call.  I hope all is well.  Things are crazy here,  crazy but great. mike 
 Ted, thanks for forwarding.  They are great. mike 
 Please see below the registration for the HPL Employee Celebration on September 9th.  Employee Name: Mike McConnell  Employee Phone: 713-853-1450  Guest's Name:  Chris McConnell  Overnight Accom.: N/A  Dinner Only:  Yes  Garden Dollars:  No 
 Jay,  I think that should be looked at and re-evaluated. The way I had it, AS, PB, DB and I (we had commercial and IT infrastructure covered in  1 call) all attended the video calls but I primarily drove the business activities and co-ordination.  I had envisioned Allan and your group taking over directly pre my change and pre other international ongoing activities.  I suggest that all of you re-look at it and do what you want but there are obvious big changes coming that will affect your decision and how we will approach the business opportunities.  I believe they are a great resource for future development and they really appreciated the communication effort and we really helped them.  Good luck, Mike 
 Thanks.  Not going to buy now, closing on a Bonnard.  I will have an interest later. m 
 I would be happy to participate.  I think you will really like this, it is worth the time.  It was the best training I've ever attended.  I hope you are having a great holdiay.  Mike     Enron Technology 
 Jonathan,  Howdy (that's Texas for Cheers) from Houston.  Thanks for the email.  I do= =20 think there is a lot to do in Japan and all of Asia.  I won't be a stranger= .  It is a very interesting job and it was a tough decision to accept it.  On= =20 Jeff, we decided to do this as a package deal.  I think he was ready to try= =20 something different and we'll make a good team.  Good luck and I'll see you by the end of the year.  Mike=20   Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   08/03/2000 06:22 PM 
 Louise,  I do agree.  I haven't really looked at or studied the plan because of the pending changes.  There are some good guys down there and I believe they can do some good work to help you in your quest for world domination.  Good luck with this.  Cheers, mike 
 John,  Thanks for the email.  It was great hearing from you.  This job will be fun and it will be odd to return to the energy business after my last year in technology and the new economy.  I am glad to hear that all is well with you and your family.  I don't have a trip planned currently but I am sure I'll be in London at some point during the year.  I'll give you a call.  Cheers, mike 
 All,  FYI, here is the latest draft of their business plan for your review and commentary.  I had the video call yesterday and went through all the org changes.  I did not provide any commentary on the specifics for obvious reasons.  Mike 
 Jeff, FYI and consideration, here is another speaking oppt!  Jeff S. is the keynote and our group has participated with Bob, Suzanne's husband, before. This is the conference when we came out with EOL last year. mike 
 Steve, thanks for the email.  I will not be attending. m 
 Tom, =20 Thanks for the email,  Stan said the same thing!  It does make llife=20 interesting. Hope all is well. mike=20 
 David, you can take me off the distribution list now. Thanks, mike 
 Great news!  Im glad you and the baby are doing well. m 
 Fred, thanks for the info and I am going to give it to several people to look at.  I do need to move our meeting.  I'lll be in touch to reschedule. Thanks, mike 
 Wade,  Thanks for the email and invitation.  You never know when I may show up!  I look forward to learning more about this and how our groups work together. Is John's group doing a good job for you?  Mike 
 Mark,  Thanks for the email.  Yes it was a very difficult decision to leave our group.  I've really enjoyed working with you and your group;  I think we have a great group.   I know you that you are working on  this side of the business already and I will be giving you a call to get your input and direction.  Cheers, Mike    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Thanks.  I'm looking forward to working closer with everone.  Lets get together for dinner.  I'll  ask Chris to call your better half.  Mike 
 Richard,  Thanks for the voicemail and email.  Congrats to you also.  Hopefully we will get a chance to work together more often.  I'll give you a call on my next trip to London.  Mike 
 Greg,  Listed below is a brief outline of some of the key items that I turned over= =20 to McMahon.  I didn't attempt to put down anything but a reference point bu= t=20 he has the files and we went through every point.  We didn't spend a lot of= =20 time on the international activities because a great deal of it might not b= e=20 part of the group after project Summer.  He attended my (his) Monday staff= =20 meeting and he got a flavor of the group and what everyone does.  This is= =20 going to be primarily Philippe's meeting now but he is going to attend to= =20 provide needed commercial balance and if he does, I believe that is all the= =20 time he has to spend on that side of the business.  I hope you are having a successful trip.  Mike  Outstanding and Priority Items  International/other business unit activities ? Japan ? Korea ? S America ? Europe ? Calme ? EE&CC ? GPG ? India ? EES  Staff Meetings ? Monday lunch ? Video calls - Tuesdays:  Sao Paulo =01) 9:30, London =01) 10:00,  Aust. = =01) 5:00  i2 ? Paveto/Wasaff  HR ? Recruiting ? Robert Jones ? Compensation  issues  Investments ? Fitz/Sommer/Horn  Infrastructure ? Windows 2000 ? Lotus notes/exchange ? Other projects  Speaking commitments ? Aug 10th =01)A/A program ? Sept 21st  =01) Economist =01) Laguna, CA ? Sept 26th =01) Rice Univ. ? Oct 3rd =01) Economist =01) Atlanta, GA  Financial structure/accounting ? RCs and budgets ? Metrics/radar screens ? Shared resources  Enron.com ? Paveto/Palmer  Management/Strategic planning  Project Summer  IT project resource review  PRC/reviews 
 Tom, as we discussed, attached is the ENW presentation from the analyst show. It was nice getting caught up.  mike 
 Thanks for the email.  Reorganize and grow this business?  Not me??!  Upon first look, this business appears to have huge opportunities and ones that can be executed upon, especially if they consider themselves a core business.  It will  be a big challenge but we will make it work in a big way.  A lot of people have tried to make this business work.  I'll follow-up on Treasury Connect, thanks for the heads up.  By the way, science is Gary's passion and he has an undergraduate and MS in chemistry.  He might be an interesting guy to get involved (at least at the edges) with this project.  I told him about it and he really would like to get invited to the next meeting.  What do you think?  It always helps to have an avid supporter in a new business.  Mike 
 David,  Thanks for the email. On metals, I believe all of that will remain under John Sherriff and not our new group.  Paper will remain in NA as well.  Both will be re-examined at some point but not now.  I like Cindy as well, she sounds fine to me.  Who is better, Cindy or Hoyt?  Do you want me to co-ordinate with Cindy while you are on vacation?  Thanks, Mike 
 Chris,  I got the pictures yesterday.  They looked great and were very clear.  I am interested in buying a Bonnard and am ready to make a decision on the one you have as well.  I will send you a check via overnight mail if we can come to an agreement.  What is your best and final total  price for the work?  I will make a yes or no answer upon my receipt of your email.  Thanks, Mike   PS -  I am going to pass on the Braque and Picasso for now. 
 Please discontinue distribution of this message to Mike McConnell at his=20 e-mail address mike.mcconnell@enron.com.  Please contact Cathy Phillips at= =20 713-853-6898 or cathy.phillips@enron.com if you have any questions.  Thank= =20 you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Please discontinue distribution of this message to Mike McConnell at his=20 e-mail address mike.mcconnell@enron.com.  Please contact Cathy Phillips at= =20 713-853-6898 or cathy.phillips@enron.com if you have any questions.  Thank= =20 you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Attached below is the updated copy of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination Activities Contact List.  Please let me know if you have any additional changes to the list.  Thank you.  Mike McConnell 
 Nicki,  Can you believe that we will be working together again soon?  Chris, Claire= =20 and Michael were up last week for lunch and we all came by to see you but o= f=20 course you hadn't moved yet.  It will be fun.  On the memo, I am fine with it and like the changes Mark put on the drafts.= =20 I do have 1 issue to talk to him about and that is the emissions piece whic= h=20 now appears to have separated from the coal group.  I will talk to him abou= t=20 it and see why that has changed but other than that business call, it is=20 fine.  I was just with Skilling and I think he is ready for it when you get= =20 everyone's comments.  Mike 
 Hi Jennifer -  Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Mike will be unable to speak at your conference in October, but he has requested that you contact Jeff McMahon to see if he is available.  I am also sending this message to Jeff and his assistant, Sue Ford, so that they may anticipate you contacting them.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell X-36898 
 FYI, please make sure he understands you should get all this information.  thanks, m 
 Allan,  Would you please contact this guy and see what he wants.  We need to follow-up because his dad is on the board with me for JDF and he was the number  2 guy at Compaq with Rod Canion.  He is a Ken Lay buddy as well. Please find out if there is any synergies here and if not please simply respond and say thanks no thanks.  We just don't want him to think that Enron blew him off.  Thanks and i hope it is not a waste of time.  Mike 
 This email was sent to me by mistake.  I didn't read it once I realized it was sent to me in error.  Mike McConnell 
 D'Arcy, Attached as requested is the copy of the public information on EOL.  mike 
 Billy,  I like it.  My only suggestion is to put in a statement like - that after all your discussions with business unit head and AAs  we are (changing) improving the program on the suggestions that you all wanted to see.  I think this could help everyone believe they were a part of the changes personally.  Just an idea, I like it very much as it is.  Good luck, m 
 Steve and D'Arcy,  Here is the short version of the Net Works story that was presented to the analysts.  Also please forward to Kish.  Thanks, Mike 
 PB, FYI, please make sure someone takes a look at this and atleast provides a response.  Thanks, mike 
 Mark,  Thanks for the updates.  I have big news;  I'm changing jobs.  This is not announced yet but I am moving to the wholesale group with Frevert to become CEO for a new business unit called Enron Global Markets.  It will contain the global commodities including Crude and products, coal, LNG, weather, insurance, FX/interest rates/equities, etc.  I think MEC is very cool and i am glad we are pursing it.  Please keep Philippe, Jay and now Jeff McMahon in the loop.  Good luck with this and I look forward to hearing more about it's success. Please keep this news to yourself until next week.  Thanks, Mike    Enron Investment Partners 
 man you're fast. 
 Cool!!!!  What a great head start on this years effort.  The Doug Leach team is off to an award winning start!  With matching thats $10,000.  Thanks and good luck, Mike  PS, I'm done and part of the team.  Announcement out soon.  I am really looking forward to working with you. 
 Jeff, yet another email.  This article just got re-written but obviously needs to be updated.  What do you think about putting in your name on this?  Mike 
 Jeff,  Steve Horn is pushing for us to speak at this conference in Aspen.  I told him that I am not available but it does look good and it is in a nice place - also the speakers are first rate.  What do you think?  If you are interested please let Steve know.  I told him that I thought everyone was busy.  Mike 
 John, I like the report.  Nice job. m 
 Kelly, I talked with Rebecca.  This list is fine, I have no changes. mike 
 Per,  Attached is the first draft of an EGM update and org memo.  Please take a few minutes and review, add what is necessary for your section and return ASAP. Other comments are welcome as well.    I would like to get this at on Friday evening or early next week.   Please do so on a hard copy and have brought up.  I will incorporate your changes. Some of the changes in the memo are still under consideration and need to be considered extremely confidential. This needs a lot of work and filler.  Also add a one line update or positive statement about your business as an intro line of the section.  Thanks, mike 
 LK, Nice presentation, I'll give other comments later. mike 
 Matt,  I did send on your email to 3 people at EBS:   Ken Rice, CEO; David Cox, MD; and Kevin Garland, VP of investments.  They are all out of the office thru next week.   If you don't hear back from someone in a couple of weeks, please let me know.  Thanks and good luck.  Say hello to my good friend Robin.  Mike McConnell 
 David,  Attached for your information is an email from the CEO of Six Foot Studios. This guy is the brother-in- law of Robin Gibbs, one of the top litigators in the country.  Robin and his firm is used a great deal in our key cases for Enron.  This looks like a cool company but I have no idea if you have any interest in his company or it's products.  I do, however, need someone to follow-up with him, even if it is a polite discussion that we don't have any interest.  We need to respond in some manner.  I forwarded this a while ago but he didn't hear anything.  He is successfully getting in to companies in Houston and Compaq is a big supporter.  I hope there is an opportunity here.  Thanks, Mike 
 Greg and Jeff,  Attached is the draft announcement for the organization changes.  I am sure you will want to change the ENW piece, so far the focus was on the wording from the wholesale side but the titles should be correct for ENW.  Please provide your comments and I'll make sure they get included correctly.  Thanks, Mike 
 Mark and David,  David I got your latest comments this morning.  I like them and added the correct Enron Net Works changes.  I will send this to Greg and Jeff immediately to work on the ENW piece, I am sure they will add to it and change it.  Thanks, Mike  PS;  Mark, I haven't seen your draft, what do you think about this one? 
 David,  Thanks for the comments and updates.  I didn't know exactly how it was structured.   I am waiting on the revised draft from Frevert.  After I get that one I will circulate it to Greg for his additions for the Net Works pieces.  I don't believe that we are going to add Shankman to the executive committee right now.  I am assuming the same is for Lavo.  There may be an appropriate time in the near future to make changes to the committee and they may be considered then. I don't think they want to add any additional people at this time.  Mark may have a different opinion and if he does, I am sure he will add it.  I do think we should add that Mark is Chairman of all the organizations.  Thanks, Mike 
 Steve,  Sorry I missed you yesterday.  There is a lot going on here and in S America and we can probably discuss it next week.  I agree with your assessment of and the need to clarify roles and implement the business plan.   We will address all but there are some things going on that make it appropriate to wait a little.  If you have any questions you can address them with Joe but I would wait and keep moving forward on your daily business and projects.  I like the plan and we will discuss my comments next week.  Thanks, mike  I am in most of next week. 
 Mark,  Here is the org memo draft we discussed.  I sent it to you yesterday but found a rejection notice on your address this morning.  Here it is again. I'm in all day and tomorrow if you want to discuss.  Mike 
 I see we passed $100,000,000,000!   That's a lot of zeros.  Congratulations, who would have predicted this when you got called back from your plane trip to work on this new trading idea.  You should be very proud. We all are.  Mike 
 Mark and David,  Below is my first stab at the organization memo.  I didn't over focus on specific wording and I am not sure how you want to address the various groups that will be affected.  I believe we need to address all of them by name and they should probably be in alpha order as to not upset anyone on the order.  I also didn't know any other information that you may want to include with regard to the successes from the group year to date. Greg, Jeff and I are getting together for lunch tomorrow to discuss the New Works organization.  I think that this should come from Enron's office of the Chairman vs. the business units because it does affect 2 different lines of business and it will have more impact and clarity for the other groups especially, my departure from Net Works.  After you guys pretty this up (and destroy it) please send it back via email and i'll make sure and coordinate with Whalley.  Thanks, Mike 
 Peggy, I'm glad you had a good time.  I can't begin to express my appreciation for all of your work and dedication to JDF.  I was proud to have you represent Enron. Mike 
 Joe,  Attached below is a draft of an EGM update and org announcement.  It will be broad in scope and will address many areas.  Please review and provide comments especially on the Japan part.  I went ahead and took a stab at the first cut here and expect you to make all the changes and emphasis you feel is appropriate.  We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player (Morten Erik) that is why I left it very broad.  Please take a moment, change and send back to me for examination and incorporation.  I wanted to get this out on Friday, but may have to wait until early next week while i am on the road.  Thanks, Mike 
 CP, I want to get this out this afternoon, after hours.  I want this to go = to=20 ENA, ENW and executive committee. =20 
 Jay/Allan,  FYI and evaluation, attached is a business plan from the CALME group.  Please let me know what you think.  They are trying to play ball and sent this to us.  Also they are beginning to call me.  I had planned to send this to you while I was out but it wouldn't go thru properly from San Francisco.  Allan, please give her a call and let her know you received it and let her know your overall impression.  By the way, Karen is David Haug's new fiancee.  Thanks, Mike 
 Joe, It worked great, thanks for all your help. mike 
 Joe,  Thanks for the email.  Project Summer does bring up some big questions and issues and I am not up to speed on the current thinking.  We'll talk later and i'll find out the issues and viewpoints.  On your other issue, I understand and we'll discuss.  Thanks, mike 
 Hi Cate -  Mike McConnell has asked me to respond to you on his behalf.  He said that he is fine with the bullet points you have listed below, with the exception of "Acquisitions".  Mike will not focus on acquisitions in his speech.  Please let me know if you have any questions or if you need any additional information.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 713-853-6898 
 Pop,  I got this today but there wasn't any message, was this a test?  You are so high tech now!  Mike 
 CP, check out my emails!  As you can tell my trip wasn't all fun.  I was obviously able to make the system work from the hotel - finally.  I left a few emails from various speaking forums.  Would you please follow-up on them and delete items that we dont need anymore.  Thanks, Mike 
 Bob,  Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out of the office traveling right now and must get back to you on my availability.  Mike 
 Matt, I did receive it and sent it on.  If you don't hear anything please let me know.  Mike 
 Chris,  Thanks for the email.   I certainly understand your situation and perspective.  Give me a call when you return and we can discuss it.  We do have a lot going on in Net Works and we may have some additional clarity on our direction and priorities when you return from your trip.  Thanks for your tips on SF and for offering your home in the wine country. Maybe we can take you up on it another time.  Mike 
 Thanks, done. m 
 Steve,  Sorry for the slow response but I got the latest word on voicemail while out here in SF.  They completely screwed up my order, not Ron the guy from Mercedes USA, but the dealer.  Ron has stepped in and followed up himself and I'll be receiving a 2001 in late August/early Sept..  He is a good guy and is trying to make up for the major dropping of the ball.  My sales guy that blew it is no longer in that job.  Hopefully it will be coming soon.  I'll believe it when i see it but I am very excited and it was a real let down in June when it didn't' arrive.  Thanks for asking.  We'll talk soon.  mike 
 Andrew,  How's the working coming?  What is your view of where we are.  Thanks, Mike 
 Scott,  I was following up on a few old items, has anyone contacted you from Enron?   If yes, please let me know, if not please resend email and i'll follow-up to make sure you get a response.  Thanks, Mike McConnell 
 Fred,  I haven't heard anything from you since this email.  Have you made any progress on your update?  I still believe this has a lot of merit and would like to hear your perspective.  Mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 Julie,  thanks, mike 
 Greg,  Yes, I am their guy.  I have extensive info and feedback forms on them.  We definitely need to talk.  Please set up a 30 minute meeting with Cathy 36898 and we can go through it and i;ll give you a copy of all info.  Thanks, mike  PS congrats on ClickPaper.  The site looks great, you and your group accomplished a lot in a short period of time.  I know that the big test day was yesterday and hope all went well.     Enron North America Corp. 
 Bill,  Thanks for sharing this letter.  I am always moved when I read things like= =20 this and unfortunately I see a lot of them. Who is her mom, someone that=20 works for us in Omaha?  Would you please let me know via email.  Thanks for supporting her in her cause and efforts.  Mike 
 Greg and Jeff,  I like the presentation.  I see you solved the matrix problem and got it down to 8 pages.  Greg and Mark, good luck on the analyst meetings, we'll look forward to our stock price increases from your presentations.  Mike 
 Thanks for the update. m 
 Jeff, I discovered this on my email this morning (I couldn't sleep).  I didn't know where you were on the numbers for the presentation but I thought I would forward this to you know.  I hope you already had what you needed here since i am sure it is too late.  Mike 
 All,  Attached is the first draft of an EGM update and org memo.  Please take a few minutes and review, add what is necessary for your section and return ASAP. Other comments are welcome as well.    I would like to get this at on Friday evening or early next week.   Please do so on a hard copy and have brought up.  I will incorporate your changes. Some of the changes in the memo are still under consideration and need to be considered extremely confidential. This needs a lot of work and filler.  Also add a one line update or positive statement about your business as an intro line of the section.  Thanks, mike 
 Mary, I would say a couple of things.  I describe Enron's unique culture using adjectives like , empowerment, innovation, innovation on steroids, high energy, exciting, challenging, cool, a great place to work.  Each one of these can be made into a sentence and/or a statement.  I hope this is what you were looking for. Mike 
 CP, please forward quote to JDF for their consideration. mike 
 It looks fine. Thanks, mike 
 Mike McConnell has asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  He has asked that you please contact George Wasaff with Enron for this conference. Mr. Wasaff is the Managing Director for Strategic Sourcing.  He recently spoke at one of your conferences and this conference is more closely related to Mr. Wasaff's area of responsibility.  Thank you for your assistance.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Hi Paula -  Mike McConnell has again asked me to send you a message on his behalf.  We have received your message below to Zina and then also a message from Carrie Shapiro on the same conference.  George Wasaff, MD for Strategic Sourcing, spoke at one of these conferences recently and Mike said that he would like to have the conference organizers continue to contact George for future conferences.  I will pass this information along to both Zina and Carrie.  Again, let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell (713) 853-6898 
 Jeannie,  Thanks for asking about my dad, he is doing very well after surgery which we believe was successful.  My kids loved it.  The really enjoyed learning about Dad's work and what I do.  I think that this is a very important event because we all spend so much time here at Enron.  I have two children Claire - 9  and Michael - 6. They both look forward to the event and talk about it for weeks prior to the actual day.  Actually my daughter talks about it all year long.  Also they really can identify with Enron and talk more about it because of events like these.  Mike 
 Jay,  Howdy from Houston.  I bet it is cooler in NY.  I don't really have any other ideas as you addressed below except I changed the word "his" to "the" investment group.  As far as other clarification of duties, I don't have any issue with it, but every CEO will call me and ask if this is a change in how they deal with Alan or investments.  What is the status with Steve and how the group is organized?  Did you talk with him and let him know that he is a stand alone dealmaker with an area of concentration?  Is that your official assigned work number?  If not, we need to get one assigned before the email goes out.  Also, I am assuming that this is in the MG office not the small Enron office, is that accurate?  Greg and I both think that the MG office is the best location and will help them assimilate with Enron.  Thanks, Mike  PS, good luck in the move 
 Greg,=20  FYI,  This is a draft org announcement to clarify Jay's and now Alan's role= . =20 We have discussed this before but I think this is important to send out and= =20 officially address.  It is intentionally very brief and informs people of t= he=20 new situation.  Please let me know if you have any comments,  I would like = to=20 send out this week.  Thanks, Mike =20    At Enron Net Works, it has become clear that we have a tremendous opportuni= ty=20 to utilize our unique strengths, skills and new business efforts across an= =20 entire new set of opportunities being created in the private equity markets= . =20 Because of this, we have reorganized the Enron Net Works Investments Group= =20 with the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunities= =20 in the eCommerce and technology space, and within Enron.  Effective immediately, Jay Fitzgerald will take responsibility for setting= =20 ENW=01,s investment strategy and the implementation of that strategy.  Repo= rting=20 to him in this new role will be Steve Horn and the venture investing group.= =20 Further, Alan Sommer will be joining Jay=01,s team to focus on developing n= ew=20 market opportunities, with a focus on working with the various domestic and= =20 international Enron business units to develop eCommerce-related businesses= =20 and strategies.  Jay will be relocating to New York city and will be working both out of the= =20 New York and Houston offices in his new role, and can be reached at=20 jay@enron.com or by phone at either (212) 702-3934 or (713) 853-9914. 
 Jay,  I like it.  Two questions. 1. You didn't address how our investment group will work with other groups, specifically, EEL, ENA will (may) be different than how it works (and approves) investments with the investments from the other business groups. 2.  You still called it Steve's group.  Do you want to address the issue more directly or leave it more ambiguous?  What are your thoughts? mike 
 Here is a draft of the Jay announcement.  What do you think? mike 
 Its on my calendar. m 
 Market size is in the presentation, thanks.  I want you to pick the number you want me to reference as our potential market share target and a potential margin number extrapolated from that.  Please respond ASAP with what you feel comfortable with.  Thanks, mike 
 John,  We have discussed i2 in the past  but we need to take some action steps to make decisions and move forward.  Here is what I want to see done in short order.  Meeting with all key technologist on the full suite of products and functionality with complete demonstration by i2.  I would especially want PB, JP, BP, HE, and JG from George's group. Follow-up meeting (after the technologists see functionality and form opinions and possible applications) with key commercial leaders:  GP -  P&P; TG - CommodityLogic; BG - Metals and steel;  JF - New Markets and Investments; AS - New Markets and Bus Dev.  During that meeting, we need to have some real players with i2 there to brainstorm and discuss business expansion opportunities in the specific verticals.  It would be good to actually have this meeting in Dallas but I am concerned about attendance.  i2 owns the process and supply/downstream management in these industries and we need to really look to see if our combination can accelerate our new efforts and solve any logistic issues. Put together an action plan.  George's group has already put a presentation together about i2, the products and possible applications.  George, please sent that to John.  I would like that document to be our updated business plan for i2 to be used as a "living" document as we move forward. Assign someone to make and co-ordinate the use and full deployment of those products (utilize our $10 million spend).  I want someone to have the responsibility for i2 and he or she can also work with EBS on what they are doing also.  To be clear, we have spent the $10 million already but are not using the products.  I want to deploy all (if possible) and make this investment fully utilized.  I do understand that we don't drive businesses around a pre-purchased product but we should look at is as a sunk cost and rationalize why we shouldn't use if rather that simply considering it as an option. Jason Robert, (469) 357-6737, was at the dinner with Sanjiv, Greg Brady, Jeff and Greg and he knows some of the mutual objectives.  He would be the guy to work with and set it all up. EBS should be involved as well.  Rex Shelby is spending a lot of time with i2, weekly visits, and should also participate and use their products as well. Is there an application for all of EES and their business? Remember, Ken Lay is considering joining their board and we should be able to give him very clear insight on their products and how their company works. PB, if you want someone outside Pavetto's group  to work on this that is fine but i want to understand the background and how they will make this happen.   Thanks and please let me know your initial thoughts and timing.  If you need to have me send out an email to make sure that everyone understands the priority, please draft up and I'll send out.  Mike 
 Jeff,  FYI, I just got this from Tom.  We don't have a very big opportunity here! Tom did tell me that his numbers were going to be difficult to get.  Not that i don't want to put $5 trillion on our chart, but what do you think we should put as market size?  Nat gas, power and our existing verticals only?  What do you think?  He is the only one to give me a number yet.  I am going to discuss it at the staff meeting.  Mike 
 Steve,  Thanks for the voicemail.  I was surprised that you were not up to speed (although I probably shouldn't be).  Please talk with Joe and get is view on this.  I left michael an email on my view, which is that it looks very early and I don't think it is worth our time or money at this point.  Certainly he wants to maintain a good relationship and watch them and maybe you can help with that.  Let me know if you get any other news.  Thanks, Mike 
 Richard, Life does move on!   What is Malcomb thinking!  Can you imagine intentionally working for and believing in Jonathan Legg?  Hope all is well.  Mike 
 Thank you for the email.  I have forwarded it on for people's consideration.  Mike McConnell 
 Lisa,  I am now catching up with some old emails (I've been out of the country for quite some time).  What is the status on this.  What  got approved and how much?  Do we still need more for Ted?  Mike McConnell 
 CP, would you please follow up and get the right forms to fill out.  I will= =20 give my $5k. thanks, mike 
 Thanks, m 
 Gary,  Below is some information that might be of assistance to you.  I don't think that I sent this to you when I got it.  If I did please ignore this.  D'Arcy Carroll (works for us in S. America) came to us from Cargill and knows a lot of people there.  He has a couple of names that I have passed on internally for consideration but I am sure they didn't go to the right place.  On a recent trip to Sao Paulo, many of the ag products came up in meetings as good opportunities for Enron to go in and change that industry.  Coffee, Orange Juice, grains and sugar were brought up a lot.  D'Arcy may have traded an ag book for Cargill, I can't remember.  Anyway, I am passing this message and names on to you for consideration.  A phone call to D'Arcy might also be worth a few minutes of your time.  He knows a lot about Cargill and has an opinion on how to capture their markets.  Mike 
 Steve,  FYI, here was my response to Michael.  I was surprised that you didn't know about this but i probably shouldn't have been.  Let me know if you have a different opinion.  Mike 
 Mike,  I agree with your assessment on keeping tabs on them but currently I don't see any real opportunity or decision to spend time or money with this effort.  I have received feedback from others in the group as well and they agree with our general thinking.  Have you talked with Louise lately?  We are announcing today that we will be pushing our pricing to other platforms in the US (therefore we keep all the liquidity of their markets).  Maybe this will apply to these guys, someday.  Certainly it is not appropriate now and with your domination concerns it might scare them even more.  My time is very limited next week and I am double booked most of the time. I'm out Wed - Sunday and then the analyst meetings begin after that.  I really don't have time to meet with them especially if there is not real deal pending.  Is there someone else that is more appropriate, maybe someone can take them through EOL?  If you like that, please call Louise and co-ordinate.  Thanks, Mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 Mike, I just had my schedule changed dramatically for tomorrow and will not be able to talk.  How about Friday @ 10am? Sorry, but we have a situation I must get involved with and change a direction.  I did review the email, and passed it on to others.  I do not see much from this site nor how it is actually going to develop real liquidity in the market.  If there are a couple of items that you want me to specifically be ready for , please send me a couple of comments via email or voicemail.  Thanks, Mike 
 I am working on the presentation for the analyst meetings that are taking place July 24-26.  Enron Net Works is being featured and as part of the overall story Skilling wants to see some basic information on your businesses (and a few other possible verticals and market places).  Please provide me with these 3 specific items of information.  1.  Total market size for your business:  e.g.  Pulp and Paper is approx. $300 billion. 2.  Your target market share of that total 3.  Targeted (or other comparable) margin that you would (or could) expect to see  I realize this is subjective but I do need an answer to all 3 questions.  Put any explanation that you feel is important or needed.  Also please quote the source of the global market size.  When I get all the information, I'll go through it with everyone.  We  also need to get the global size of the markets that we are considering moving into and if you know any of these below, please let me know.  Data storage Grains Petrochemicals Steel Logistics  Thank you for your quick response.  Mike 
 Cate,  I could make the Atlanta conference on Oct. 2 - 3.  The presentation would be similar to the one I am going to do in Sept. would that be a problem? Actually, I thought the Sept. conference was aimed at this type of crowd as well.  Mike McConnell 
 please set up a time for us to meet.  meet only.  please put him in front of some meeting so it cant go on to long. thanks, m 
 FYI, please forward as you feel might be the best fit for consideration. mike 
 Thank your email.  I am forwarding it on to Robert Jones, VP of HR for the Net Works group and he will make sure that it gets wide distribution for possible positions.  Mike McConnell 
 Steve,  Here is an email from Mike.  Are you up to speed on this?  What do you think?  Please provide some quick feedback via email.  Thanks, mike 
 Lisa,  As i was pondering the meeting last night going home in my car, I realized that I forgot to talk about 2 people,  including regulatory and your personal efforts.  I apologize for that, it was unintentional and I hope you realize how important you and your efforts are to EGM and Enron.  I could not read my notes very well due to the extremely heavy lighting - that didn't appear on my notes just on me.  Thanks, Mike 
 Guy, FYI.  Is anyone familiar with this?  Mike is looking for some feedback. It looks very premature and not worth a lot of time but he may need us to talk with them to help him with his business down there.  Any comments?  Mike 
 FYI.  I got this from mike late last week.  Any comments?  It looks very early in their development but Mike may want them to talk to a couple of people here about their site.  We need to be helpful if it will help his business.  Dan are you up to speed on this?  If not please call him and get his viewpoint as well.  Mike 
 Rebecca, Ouch.  Thanks checking, sorry for being out of the loop.  I'll let Philippe know, although he should have already been aware of this.  Mike 
 I don't think you got a copy of this. mike  Andrew, please make sure Jeff gets a copy of all of everything.  He is the Office of the Chairman sponor of the vertical and will be managing this process with Greg Piper until launch.  I stepped in while he was out of town on holiday. 
 They look fine to me.  There is a lot there - not.  I know that is the plan, i'm kidding. mike 
 Rebecca,  Philippe being the only other corp officer within the large technology organization has an enormous volume of contracts to sign.  A large bulk of the signatures that are required come from two areas;  Infrastructure and ENA.  I would like to have 2 current Vice Presidents within the business units made corp VPs:  Beth Pearlman and Jenny Rub.  Can we make this happen and when would it occur?  Thanks, Mike 
 Mike, Thanks for the response.  Yes, I would like a complete review of your initiatives.  Please call Cathy at 36898 and get on my calendar for a 1 hour update.  Thanks, mike 
 Mark, as discussed this morning.  When does Cedric get back?  I can go=20 through them in more detail but I thought these would help. mike 
 Cedric, =20  As a follow-up to our meeting,  below are a few comments and ideas regardin= g=20 the Net Works piece of the analyst presentation. =20  I know I sent you a lot of data and presentations, here are a few pages in= =20 the various presentations that I think may be appropriate for the=20 presentation (or pieces of them) including:=20  ? Why Enron? ? Recent Enron eCommerce Experience ? Lessons Learned ? Business Strategy ? Target Market Criteria ? Enron Today/Enron Tomorrow  Here are a couple of other thoughts and ideas.  We need to emphasize our new businesses outside the energy business=20 (obvious).  Clickpaper.com will be out and live just before the analyst=20 meetings.  This is very exciting and could take the industry by storm=20 (eventually).  Especially with Jeff=01,s comments with the analysts.  This= =20 should be emphasized with the metals piece.  The concept is that here are 2= =20 new areas where Enron is going to change the "old economy" businesses and= =20 industries.  Clickpaper will have real time pricing which is different than= =20 all the other 15 existing sites.  All of the others are charging 3% fees fo= r=20 matching buyers and sellers in a bulletin board or auction type of=20 transactions. We will also have that functionality (and will charge 1% or $= 0=20 (we=01,ll update you later) but will also have an EOL type of real time pri= cing=20 component (this piece will be free).  This piece will not be ready for July= =20 25th but will be announced publicly and in final development stages (should= =20 be out by end of 3rd qtr.).  I believe that the link with Net Works with bo= th=20 paper and metals is very important for providing a more complete picture th= an=20 just metals alone.  Also for your information, we are working on 2=20 acquisition deals that will be coming out soon, 1 is to buy a mill and coul= d=20 be announced next week, which will also clarify and add to the story since = we=20 will have access to physical pulp and paper.  Paper must be an important=20 piece of the presentation.  Greg Piper is the MD for Clickpaper and he can= =20 answer any other questions and fill you in and answer more questions.  He c= an=20 be reached at ext. 36635.  Also, on the "Target Markets" page, I would reorder;  put Lumber underneath= =20 pulp and paper and think about separating the others as potential markets. = =20 That way we could actually check off the top 3 as "done" and the others are= =20 in "incubation" and examination stages.=20  Please draft up your initial thoughts on these items and send me the latest= =20 version and I=01,ll add additional commentary.  I will be in all next week.  Thanks, mike 
 Bob and I are still playing phone tag, but he's calling.  Call being scheduled for Wednesday it appears. m 
 Cathy would you please review daily for updates and make the changes on a running list.  I'll read for info only and you can update them.  After I read them and waiting 1 day, I'll delete from the system. thanks, mike 
 Thanks. m    Enron North America Corp. 
 Monica, This looks ok, but I can give you more accurate and more up to date slides for the future.  One important fact, we do not distibute the EOL slides to the general public.  Normally what we do is present the story but do not include hard copies with the conference hand outs.  mike 
 Greg,  FYI.  I'll give you a full update on Monday afternoon via voicemail.  We are on our way. m 
 Greg,  a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting.  I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, personnel responsibilities and key action items.  I think this is another good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and assignments. Andrew Parsons Sr. Director (and superior performer) is a great and very smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort.  You will like him and he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a couple of weeks.  He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform.  He has others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his existing AA resources that are available (some are working on ClickPaper already). Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the short run:  Beth Pearlman, John Tollefson (IT), Bob Schultz (LK said she could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out), Dave Forester (not a good option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out), Mary Solmenson, Scott Mills, Berry Pearce, David Port, David Sweeny, Sally Beck (advice and discuss additional resources). I did ask Louise to jump in (and i know you did too) to help on some quick thoughts on process and lessons learned. I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they, or the simplified early versions, are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper. I went by to see Mark Palmer (he was out) and left him a voice mail on the marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing.  I wanted him to make sure that he understood the importance and priority of this effort. I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out (or assigning John Tollefson) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday afternoon. Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to add a trading perspective?  A few thoughts,  see you tomorrow.  mike 
 Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination Activities Contact List.  This is being prepared for a wider distribution, therefore, please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate.  The purpose of this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues.  Thank you.  Mike McConnell 
 Ted, Thanks for the email.  It looks like bad luck again for lunch.  I am out of town again.  Life is crazy right now.  Look for more on Enron and Enron Net Works in the near future.  We are busy.  Thanks and i hope all is well. mike 
 thanks for the follow-up mike 
 Don,  Thanks for the fax survey.  We couldn't read the numbers however.  Please mail a copy to our house when you get a chance.  Are there any issues from your point of view?  I would like to understand what the limitations are on the easements but it appears that everything is done.  Are we ready to close and how do we do this? Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks, I'll keep my ears open. mike 
 Please distribute the following message to Enron - Worldwide and please use the Office of the Chairman - Enron Net Works letterhead.  Mike McConnell has requested that this message be returned for final review and then sent to Enron - Worldwide this evening.  Please call me at X-36898 if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips   Effective immediately, reporting responsibility for Global Strategic Sourcing (GSS) will move from Enron Net Works to Enron Corp.  George Wasaff, managing director, will report directly to Rick Causey, executive vice president and chief accounting officer for Enron.  GSS, formed February 1, 2000, will continue to focus on supply-chain management world-wide for Enron.   We believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance GSS's global reach and effectiveness while allowing ENW to focus on its core mission of creating new electronic market places. 
 Rick, here is the proposed email on George.  Any comments?  I wanted to keep it short and sweet.  This will be sent out at close of business today (they like to send out massive emails after hours).  Pleaes let me know any issues or comments ASAP.  Thanks, mike    draft  Effective immediately, reporting responsibility for Global Strategic Sourcing ("GSS") will move from Enron Net Works to Enron Corp.  George Wasaff, managing director, will report directly to Rick Causey, executive vice president and chief accounting officer for Enron.  GSS, formed February 1, 2000, will continue to focus on supply-chain management world-wide for Enron.   We believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance GSS's global reach and effectiveness while allowing ENW to focus on its core mission of creating new electronic market places. 
 The information for Mike is correct.  He does not have a pager.  Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Cathy Phillips X-36898 
 George, below is my first cut at the brief announcement.  As we discussed i= t=20 may be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it wil= l=20 go out friday evening.  Please make recommendations and return as soon as possible for my review.  Thanks, mike   George Wasaff, MD for Global Strategic Sourcing, will be moving direct=20 responsibility for his entire organization from Enron New Works to Rick=20 Causey=01,s organization.  This global  group has been very successful in= =20 developing and executing its new business and we believe that this is the= =20 best fit in the organization to complete its aggressive goals and=20 objectives.  George will report directly to Rick Causey. 
 I hope some of these help.  They are similar in nature but may have different pieces inlcuded in them.  I recommend flipping through them quickly and eliminate extras or ones that you don't need.  Call me if you need anything else.  mike 
 By the way, I still couldn't open this. m 
 I think he is an excellent choice if he has time.  Will he have help? m    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks and have a great holiday. m 
 I'm fine with it. mike 
 By the way, good calls. m 
 Pam, I'm following up on a few old items.  Did you get what you needed here?  I was in Asia when I originally got this and didn't hear anything back on this.  Thanks, mike 
 Allan, Please call Fred and discuss.  Thanks, mike 
 PB,  I just talked with Cindy Olsen about the project.  We need to assign someone in our group to be the technology lead.  I know we have people on it but we need to pick someone to be responsible and then  clarify that person's role. Please get back to me with the selection.  Thanks, mike 
 John,  Howdy from Houston.  I received a call from a guy named Steve Scott who is involved with several ventures including a German VC  called eStreet.  Are you aware of these guys?  They want to talk to someone about e-opportunties in Europe especially Spain.  I will ask  him to call you once I talk with him but I don't have your number in London.  Two questions, what is your  phone number in London (the phone book has you in Germany) and do you know these guys?  Thanks, Mike 
 The purpose of this email is to highlight a few points and action items tha= t=20 were emphasized during my recent trips to South America, Japan and Korea. = =20 Overall the trips were definitely worth the effort and each business unit n= ow=20 truly gets the ENW story and what we are attempting to accomplish.  The=20 efforts over the past 8 months are really beginning to pay dividends.  This= =20 is not meant to be a complete laundry list of all the important issues and= =20 discussed topics but rather a briefing of a few top priorities and items fo= r=20 each group.  Enron South America ? I met with the entire management team as a group in Rio at an ESA board= =20 meeting and most of the key individuals separately. ? Sugar, coffee and orange juice were new commodities that were brought up = by=20 numerous groups as consideration for new ENW efforts due to their desirable= =20 market characteristics. ? Pulp and Paper additional activity has already begun and is currently bei= ng=20 worked with Greg Piper.  I believe that this is the best and short-term=20 opportunity out there. ? Metals and mining is big in South America.  This was also brought up=20 frequently and I told D'Arcy Carroll that we would get back to them upon=20 further closure of MG and that this could move quickly up the food chain bu= t=20 not to focus as top priority yet. ? D=01,Arcy (former Cargill trader) has strong connections at Cargill and= =20 believes that we can go in, compete and capture their markets.  He also has= =20 several candidates and resumes which have been sent to Robert Jones for=20 consideration for trading positions for our new agriculture trading=20 activities.  Greg, I will forward to you also, I don't believe I sent them = to=20 you. ? D=01,Arcy and Steve Nagy are putting together more of a business plan for= the=20 rest of 2000 with regard to commercial opportunities.  I have been pleased = to=20 date with Steve and his initial functions as a =01&technology origination= =018 role=20 but it is time to put some tangible goals and results on the table. ? Dan Bruce (VP international infrastructure) is going to focus more time o= n=20 ESA.  Philippe and I are in the process of finalizing Regional VPs and=20 focusing Dan to this region (this is not finalized yet).  They need serious= =20 help in their trading systems and more senior support overall.  Will wait= =20 until decision made on Project California.  Enron Japan Joe is building an impressive team and he has a thorough and well thought o= ut=20 business plan.  Japan has the opportunity to be really big (another Enron= =20 Europe?) and we have an excellent opportunity to get it right from the star= t=20 and drive this market.  He is in a unique position to develop a huge busine= ss=20 and drive it with technology without having the burden of a large legacy=20 problem.  I think they look more like an Enron Net Works type of business= =20 than most the other business units.  Enron Japan needs to use the internet = to=20 educate and drive this new business to achieve the penetration it needs=20 without an incumbent position.  The competition and market characteristics= =20 fit very well with our statements about ENW in our general presentations. = =20 ? Anthony Dayeo has just joined the team.  Between ENW providing a VP of=20 Anthony's caliber and our other time commitments, we are really helping thi= s=20 business. ? Initial technology focus will be internet and website driven.  Coordinati= ng=20 with Steve Kean to take a fresh approach to knocking down regulatory barrie= rs ? John Sherriff is managing this business from a commodity point of view an= d=20 I think our groups working together will make this a high return future=20 business ? Human capital is a key constraint issue and we went through priorities an= d=20 prioritized for greater effectiveness. ? The group is thinking about using technology, the internet and eCommerce= =20 every day.=20  Enron Korea/ SK Enron The activities and business plans were much better than I had expected.  I= =20 asked them to go through and discuss their eBusiness plan and it was quite= =20 thorough. ? They have completed initial evaluation of  EOL applications for the regio= n=20 (hard copy attached) ? K-Weather is already introducing weather derivatives in Korea (best=20 short-term oppt.) ? Definite metals opportunity here (MG office exists); I didn't visit the M= G=20 office.=20 ? SK-Enron has several assets that can be leveraged into an internet play= =20 with very little expense. ? Our technology efforts are paying dividends (Inja Chug =01) Sr. Director = was=20 dedicated here a few months ago).  Her impact is significant and will great= ly=20 assist in IPO=20 ? eCommerce (ENW) will be an enormous impact in increasing the value of=20 SK-Enron when they IPO next year.  The internet and eCommerce/technology=20 changes should be able to significantly increase their multiple and provide= =20 Enron with a profitable exit option.  First mover advantage here, definitel= y=20 has a winner-take-all oppt. =20 ? SK-Enron will be the first utility in Korea to offer customers on-line=20 billing and payment and other related services (under development and looki= ng=20 for package solution).=20 ? SK currently has 1.8 million customers that are not being tapped at all. = =20 Interesting oppt. with alliance partners (AOL). =20 ? The SK-Enron changes and opportunities that are underway are a great=20 example of Enron=01,s (ENW) ability to change from an old to new economy=20 business.  A second round eBusiness plan is coming and we can evaluate as a= =20 group ? Excellent executive meeting and dinner with Tony Chey (Owner and Chairman= =20 of SK - SK is a $20 billion company and Tony is the 4th richest and most=20 powerful person in Korea)  I went through EnronOnline and our thoughts on t= he=20 future of the internet.  This was very helpful with future events with SK.  We are definitely setting up a network of eBusiness opportunities within=20 Enron.  Jeff, the commercial opportunities and accountabilities that have begun via= =20 the creation of the technology origination activities is really just=20 beginning to gain momentum.  I am currently driving them via my direct=20 involvement via videoconferences.  Allan Summor and I are in the process of= =20 solidifying a process for driving, evaluating and monitoring all of the oth= er=20 business units more commercial technology activities.  When we get this to= =20 the next step lets discuss and we can get both of us on the same page as to= =20 the best way to coordinate all these efforts.=20  Please don't hestitate to call me if you want to discuss anything in more= =20 detail. 
 Mike McConnell plans to attend the meeting at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, July 25th.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips for Mike McConnell 
 Mike, I am totally booked today and am physically out of our office most of the day.  Cathy has attempted to coordinate and has set him up to talk with a couple of other senior people in New Works and technology.  She will know if my schedules changes and I become available.  Sorry it couldn't work out.  mike 
 Any update?  How did the interview go? m 
 Wade, I had a good discussion with Hemant.  I am in full support of his position as a VP at Enron.  Mike 
 Philippe, I don't really understand this guys question.   I need to respond to him with something because I know his dad very well via JDF.  Ross Cooley was Rod Canions #2 guy at compaq for years.  Can you send me to the right person? Thanks, Mike 
 Now you know we don't have the room! mike 
 Thanks for your help.  We got in and its working fine. mike 
 Joe,  Thanks for the response.  As you heard from Cathy, I got a stomach virus and all 4 of us in the family spent Saturday night throwing up.  I am writing this from my bed and I am improving.  I should be able to get on the plane tomorrow and am about to eat lunch (1st meal since Sat. but I think it will be fine).  I'm definitely in recovery mode.  I am having everything messengered out to my house later this afternoon but am concerned about contacts and getting to the hotel.  I know you have said that it is easy to take the train and the bus but I am concerned about it, especially if i am still a little under the weather.  I still don't want to have a car, but would you please set up someone on your staff to meet me at the gate and escort me through the process.  Sorry if it is a pain but I think I might need it and it will make me feel much more comfortable on the flight over knowing that I will have assistance.  Thanks for your help and I'll see you soon.  Mike McConnell 
 I'll let you know later.  thanks, m 
 Julie, looks great.  Please make sure the video is also in there.  I'm doing better but very week.  Ready to try food.  If I am at all better i will get on the plane tomorow.  Yolanda is going to messanger a bunch of stuff to my house later, just make sure she gets the CD. Thanks, m 
 Joe,  Thanks for the email.    I am looking forward to the trip and learning more about what you are doing thus how we can help.  If we would have had any idea that Europe could have been as big as it has become, we would have done some things differently and we can get a head start with Japan.  Thursday sounds great and just let me know about Friday.  Is Anthony in japan during the trip?  Remember,  I am not a technologist and therefore can't discuss technology specific applications just the business concepts and potential ideas and opportunities.  A couple of other questions about the trip.  Do you want me to make any presentations while i am there or simply talk about our plans?  Also, what is the appropriate dress code.  I am assuming suits but i didn't want to make any assumptions about new cultures.  Do you have any cultural facts that you can fax me about the do's and don'ts of both cultures?  Do I have clear instruction how to take the train from the airport.  I normally get a driver, I am uncomfortable in new countries that I can't speak any of the language. If there is a way to get lost, I'll find a way.  One more item, could you please have your assistant set up a message for me at the hotel.  I am usually very stiff and sore after a long trip and it really helps.  Make sure it gives me a enough time to arrive to the hotel after the trip.  I would also prefer a female if that is acceptable to the Japanese culture.  Thanks, Mike 
 Julie, thanks for the update.  Please add one more change i noticed.  Please add Managing Director & CTO to Philippe on the org. chart.  Also send next draft and final to Jeff McMahon and Greg Whalley.  thanks, m 
 PB,  Attached is a resume for a guy I know via technology and a very old parental friendship.  He is a very aggressive guy and marketer type.  He has the personality to be an originator or mid-marketer.  I figured you might need someone like this around for Paveto,  Bruce's or in EOL group.   He would pound the phones and make things happen.  Follow up if you want to talk with him.  Thanks, m 
 I look forward to it. m 
 Richard, Right now I'm scheduled to be out of the country.  When you come in, call Cathy (3-6898) and see if it will work. Mike 
 Philippe,  I did talk to Skilling about this.  I must have forgotten to call you.  Jeff really does want it around, you were correct.  Is there a compromise solution here?  Maybe a smaller room with a control center vs an entire floor?  Think about items like that and lets discuss.  At this point in time, lets not assume we have the option to move it from the new building, at least not all of it.  One key consideration is the cost savings by moving it to Ardmore. How much will it really save?  Those numbers a long with all the other points might bring clarity to what we should do.  Thanks, Mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  FYI,  Mike 
 Mary Nell and Peter,  I certainly agree.  I don't know if Jeff has called Mulva but that is the right action before we do anything else.  John will hear the result of that conversation as soon as it happens.  Thanks and good luck. Mike  Mike 
 Cp, please set up 15 minutes some time in July.  thanks, mike 
 Blake, Thanks for the email.  I will work on it.  I am out for the next several weeks, S America (today), Korea and Japan in the next 2 weeks.  If I don't follow-up after that, please email me again.  Thanks for the kind words. mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 Bob, Hello from S America.  I would recommend 2 people.  Both are obvious but Louise Kitchen should do EOL and Ken Rice is the best candidate for EBS.  If they aren't available they can pick an appropriate person.  Mike 
 PB, what do you think? m 
 CP, Please fill in my meetings on my calendar as we normally do. thanks, m 
 Steve,  Thanks for the update.  I was stunned by your email and didn't know about your father.  I am very sorry for your loss.  My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.  Mike 
 Chris,  Thanks for the email.  I'll wait to get the pictures it will definitely help.  I miss understood about the photos, I thought you were sending me via email that next day.   Congrats on the Cassatt, that person will really enjoy it.  Let me know about the price as soon as you get a chance.  I understand that there is a shipping component and no sales tax.  I like to have all my art shipped because the tax savings can be significant, especially in New York. I did like that frame on the picture but didn't understand your comment below ($783).  The price you had did include the frame didn't it?  Thanks, Mike 
 Thanks for the quick response.  I sent it on to John.  Don't be surprised if he calls you;  you are the master of this deal.  Mike 
 John,  Below is a response from Richard Harper.  A couple of interesting thoughts. Richard would be a great source for running ideas by and/or  testing concepts.  He is brilliant on this. Just a thought.  Mike 
 Inja, Hello from South America. =20 By way of this email I will ask Cathy Phillips to send you a bio and pictur= e=20 as requested.  I will present the Net Works story and EOL in a presentation= =20 if they would like.  The EOL presentation and statistics are very cool.  I= =20 don't have a lot to send them in advance but you can say that ENW is changi= ng=20 everything on our new approach to business and it will be huge.  Let me kno= w=20 if there is something else that I can do.  Thanks, mike=20 
 Julie, thanks for the update.  a couple of items. 1.  take out IT compliance and we will make it 1 dot point under PB's area of technology update 2. metals - call it MG(plc) 3.  take out page 16 (initiatives under consideration) 4.  Change org chart;  Jay - add investments and New Mkt. identification; take S horn off 5. on agenda page add sub dots for project updates and accomplishments under technology update 6. Jeff McMahon will add a page on finance as well, give him a call for a draft.  It will go in the vision section put it toward the back of the vision section  On further emails, only send me change or new pages.  It takes forever to download this (EOL) when I replicate.  Thanks, m 
 John,  Hello from South America.  I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call.  He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva. This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance.  I don't know how much it will help however.  Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you've already gone through it with them.  I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project.  When you discussed it, i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult.  I don't know if there is anything I can do but I'm always willing to help.  Good luck, Mike 
 Richard, Hello from South America.  I am forwarding this email from John regarding the J-Block problems.  Have you been involved in this?  What are your thoughts?  If you have any ideas or can provide with some help, please follow-up.  This is confidential but i thought you could help.  When he mentioned this, I really couldn't remember much.  Amazing how the memory fades on some of the details in just a few years.  Mike 
 Suzanne,  I glanced at the presentation.  It looks good. Two comments: 1.  Could we use our older machines for home use?  They are still very good they just aren't the newest technology.  All are fast, CD ready  with plenty of memory.  It could knock the cost down significantly. 2.  I would have the cost of Houston only to start with as a pilot.  That would reduce our initial costs significantly even for NA.  I recommend that you at least know what that cost is as a fall back position.  Good luck.  Your teams hard work really shows here.  mike 
 Jeff, FYI.  I will co-ordinate an executive dinner.  He is a great guy and a real player.  Sanjiv has asked Ken to be on the board and he is considering. I'll give more details later. Mike 
 FYI, mike 
 George, The URL didn't work, please leave me a voicemail on their next stepts. Have a good week. mike 
 Sounds like a plan.  Eric is the key to all your activities. m 
 Attached for your reference and commentary is a first draft of a contact list to assist in communication of our key efforts globally.  Please make any additions, changes (and/or corrections) that you believe are appropriate and return to my office for update and distribution.  The goal is not to list out everyone working on a project or business but to include a couple of players if someone needs information about how this could apply to their business.  Thanks, mike 
 FYI, mike 
 John,  Jeff and I had many excellent meetings with your team and received a very= =20 good run down of their businesses.  We went out to dinner with the key=20 players and I think they understand our new vision and they appeared to be= =20 fired up.  As a follow-up to those meetings and our QBR,  Jeff and I would= =20 like you to prepare a more definite business plan for the future. This will= =20 represent your way forward for the remainder of 2000 and then 2001.  We wou= ld=20 like some additional pieces to your previously thoughts as well.  Listed=20 below are a few of the issues that we would like you to address and include= =20 in your plan. Also listed below are key items that were included in your "w= ay=20 forward" pieces of the QBR.=20  Once this is done, we will present it to Mark Frevert and then the other CE= Os=20 in the wholesale group so that everyone knows where we are going and what o= ur=20 plan is to change this part of our company.  Your vision of the future Present historical total earnings from the group as a whole and by individu= al=20 groups (on 2 pages only).  Steps to grow your group to achieve our initial= =20 discussions of big earnings leaps.  2001 - $200 mm and how to become a real= =20 player in the business and get to a $500 mm business Timeline to accomplish your goals and vision Identify and address the leadership issues in your business.  Identify not= =20 only how you think it should be organized and the resources that will be=20 required but also who else you need to get you there. =20 SWOT analysis as a group and by each business Specific obstacles that need to be addressed to achieve your vision and goa= ls Identify potential assets needed to accomplish the desired growth.  Storage= =20 facilities and control of information keeps coming up as a possible way to= =20 gain a competitive advantage.  Could we purchase and/or build key storage= =20 facilities and use info. like we do in gas.  Could we  buy space in the key= =20 areas around the world? EOL;  Although I realize many people in your group may have a different vie= w,=20 EOL is a way to gain (or attempt to gain) a competitive advantage in an are= a=20 where we do not have it.  Identify your plan and action steps to lever EOL= =20 and get people to really use it and put out many products and tight spreads= . =20 I also want to begin really monitoring the percentage deal flow for the=20 traders  and they need to realize that we are doing so.  How do we do 1,000= =20 trades a day on EOL? Resources - how do we attract top talent since we don't offer a piece of th= e=20 book? What kind of packages would it take to attract that talent? Could we= =20 attract younger talent and put with associates and analysts?  What=20 compensation issues do we need to address? Technology - Could we uses satellite photos to monitor ships to see if=20 deliveries will be on time in low storage level areas?  Is there other=20 technology out there that will help you? Information Technology - identify specific needs with prioritization.  Is= =20 Project Thunderball the answer? Singapore - How do we make them real players and more effective in the=20 market?  Do we have the right people and trading staff there? Should we team up with FPL and let them trade resid on EOL?  Is this a way = to=20 jump back into the resid market?  Please present and take Jeff and I through your plan by Sept. 13th.  Thanks and if you have any questions about the process and what we are=20 looking for, please don't hesitate to discuss with both of us.  Mike=20    Listed below are some of the  specific goals and ideas from your QBR.  Goals ? Become the #1 Global Products Trading Co both physically and financially = by=20 exploiting strengths in key products - Distillates - Petchems/Plastics & NGL=01,s - Gasoline & Components - Financial Crude ? Expand and control E-Space - EOL Trading & Marketing Teams ? Dominate ARB market - Establish strategic storage in key markets ? Develop Research group to support trading ? Capitalize on key acquisitions to strengthen and support trading activity   The Way Forward (Petchems/Plastics) ? Establish step change in the business through EOL ? Trading Financial/Physical Naptha ? Strategic storage in Rotterdam, Singapore ? Strategic investments and/or offtake agreements ? Distribution market ? Explore financing arrangements, acquisitions ? Refine product portfolio - Refinery chemical streams ? Penetrate spot market   The Way Forward (LPG=01,s) ? Begin trading S.E. Asian Market ? Restructure or exit Cremona ? Expand into Naptha Asia Pacific ? Access to USA import/export ? Offer all financial/physical products online   The Way Forward (Products) ? #1 Physical ARB player ? Develop/Expand Transatlantic gasoline business ? Naptha supply S. America ? 4 - 6 new traders - Naptha, Resid. ? Expand EOL & Marketing   The Way Forward (Crude) ? One new trader - Houston ? Penetrate the physical market - Structured offtake/supply agreements as trading bases ? Develop EOL Crude Team - New products (grades) - LLS, HLS, WTS, Bowriver ? Posting Plus (P+) ? Options - Increase counterparty base - Access to additional e-commerce platforms   EOL/Marketing/Origination ? Build Marketing & EOL teams within the book ? Use origination to support commercial functions - Trading, Marketing & EOL ? Pricing - Tightest tradeable spreads ? New Products - Spreads, Option, Other Commodities ? New Counterparties - Key to liquidity & growth ? Drive Platform to become the Hub - Physical partner =20 - Synergistic Platforms ? Houston Street, Brent Broker, Red Meteor, eNymex ? ChemConnect, ChemMatch, Envera, Elemeca - Our own bricks & mortar - Shipping & operations   Man Power Requirements ? Petchems - Two Aromatic traders - Two associate/analyst ? LPG=01,s - One analyst - EOL support ? Group - M & A Expert & Support =01) 2 - Research Group - 3 ? Total - min 30 people   Man Power Requirements ? Crude Oil - One International Trader - Two to three associate/analyst ? Products - Two to four Resid traders - One to two Distillate traders - Two Naphtha traders - One Gasoline trader - Four to six associate/analyst 
 I am Cathy Phillips, Mike McConnell's assistant and I am responding to your message of his behalf.  He has asked that I schedule the meeting as requested in your message below.  Please contact me at 713-853-6898 or cathy.phillips@enron.com and I will be happy to assist in anyway that I can.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 
 Allan, Thanks, I'll add them to the list.  I would appreciate a self appraisal feedback form on yourself with your list of accomplishments to date.  (I know it is hard to put together when you've been here for as long as you have).   mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Rick Bergsieker is the key here.  He can certainly direct you to the right people or others on his staff to help from Abu Dabai. Rick:  Houston ext:  66504 Abu Dabai:  9 714 331 8717  Mike 
 Kurt,  I agree with Eric.   California is very dangerous right now and we would need something very real to bring this to his attention.  Steve Kean  really liked the idea but only after we were ready to rock and roll.  Mike 
 Chris,  Hello from Houston.  I really enjoyed meeting with you last Saturday at your gallery.  Your collection of work is very impressive.  I have not received your digital pictures that you were putting together but I did talk with my wife about the Bonnard.  The Bonnard is my first choice of all the pieces we discussed.  I found an illustration of it on the net (from another gallery) and she liked (although - not as much as me).  I am prepared to purchase a Bonnard and the Radiator is my first choice.  I would like to establish a relationship and do business with your gallery and would like to know what is your best price for the piece.  I will not shop the price around and will make a quick decision with a credit card number.   When I get your response and if it is competitive, I'll confirm the purchase when I pick up the email.  Thanks, Mike McConnell  PS - I will hold off on the others for now and when you send me the pictures I will show them to my wife for consideration.  I am considering the Mary Cassat as a gift for her. 
 Joe,  As we review all the options for Enron Japan (people and commodity/business plays), we would like to see how you think it should be organized to facilitate growth and have the biggest impact.  When you get a chance to examine the EGM information and get your thoughts together, lets us know your views and your view of the best way forward.  We have everyone thinking about it and we are solidifying our own thoughts as well.  It will help with Morten Erik as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 Morten Erik,  Thanks for the email.  I thought it was very thorough and hits all the main points that we are thinking about right now.  Jeff and I are very bullish on the opportunities in Japan are just now focusing on the specifics.  I believe that will also drive the structure.  You should have received an EGM overview yesterday and it will be an excellent brief on what we are doing and our general direction.  I am very interested in having both you and Joe look at that and provide feedback on the opportunities in Japan.  We can talk about all of your issues later, when we are more prepared, but on the PRC issue, the key is not simply P&L but on transactions and growing the business.   I believe that these businesses with proper focus and dedication can grow quickly and show success even though the margins may be small.  I am glad that you are coming over and also touring Enron Europe and ENA.  It will help you make a better decision and we will have all of this clarified in the mean time.  Jeff and I will be talking about some of these points tomorrow as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 Jeff,  FYI.  This is an excellent email and one that addresses all the issues we need to make decisions on.  Lets discuss because I have some views but am very open to others especially when I don't really know (first hand) what oppts really look like there.  We need to address quickly.  Mike 
 Richard,  I sent your info on to my direct reports for evaluation.  I've also sent on to others as well.  If there is an interest, you will be hearing from us.  Good luck, Mike 
 David,  Thanks for the email.  It did cause an interesting conversation without knowing what the situation was.  We all have very open relationships around here (it is why we are so successful as a company).  Please don't think twice about responding to Greg or any senior manager on an issue - but he would also have no issue with your response being cc back to Jeff and/or myself at the same time.  Thanks, Mike   PS;  we are all thinking about P+ constantly. 
 I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria. The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.  Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are interested in attending.  Thank you.  Mike 
 I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria. The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.  Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are interested in attending.  Thank you.  Mike 
 This is fine with Mike McConnell. 
 Thanks for the response.  I found a beautiful Bonnard in London and NY.  I will be buying in next day or two.  Asking price is $9,500.  I will keep the Lautrecs in mind.  I think one is in my future - next.  I don't think I'll be buying one for a few months.  I'll get back to you.  Mike 
 Sorry, 3pm- 5+pm. m 
