e beds to the best of my ability. i did not use wally wally. i did however leave a pot that was wet on the bottom that created a stain i forgot that granite is a porous rock it absorbed the water quite well i hope that it will dry out if not we will do what is necessary to fix it. i am totally serious about the granite 
 i am not kidding the kids were using the pot i had cleaned it and forgot to dry it. i have no idea are next trip. like i said we will pay if it does not dry 
 i am open, i know we can pull some strong people from this group. i can discuss this with you over beer this evening if you can. sorry i did not call you yesterday, i talked to fred lagrasta and he is currently in a holding pattern. rice will go 9-3 and will not go to a bowl game 
 that sounds good, tell k happy bday from the mckay family 
 Tuesday after 5:00 is good 
 ok 
 no, we are setting records on the # of trades. no counterparty issues at this time 
 Please forward this to dad, i think that he needs to buy some Enron. In light of all that has come out there is more speculation than reality this is a great opportunity. brad 
 Make sure it is after 4:00, I do not want him to sit with me during trading hours. Thanks Brad 
 Tom: Can you quickly tell me if the breakout of Algonquin will occur anytime soon. Brad 
 I gave this info to Robin Barbe she will be your contact # 713 853 7177. Brad 
 Rex: The individual to call is Nelson Murray at 713 286 - 2159, If you need any other info please let me know. Thanks for all of your help. Brad 
 Chip: Thanks for the call yesterday. You are now as old as I am, but I am not sure if you are as mature as I am. Happy Birthday, have a great day. Brad 
 Thanks man I feel like the old man that I am. I only have 5 years until it gets really bad. Hunting was great the dog did great, he tried to attack a bull and went tearing through the brush I thought that I would never find him. After he settled down he did great. Thanks for keeping the family. Tiffany told me that you guys taught her how to CALL THE HOGS. Brad 
 I will check on this, thanks for the info.brad 
 I was the one that talked to David Behrman. We talked about splitting out the Algonquin Citygate prices. Why didn't you mention Algonquin in the Gas Daily article? Brad 
 please give me the names of the individuals. thanks brad 
 please change the counterparty 
 Greg: I talked to Craig and he wants to bring you back in to meet with Fred Lagratsa. You should hear from Fred or Craig sometime soon  to setup a meeting this week. I never bet on the OWLS, I usually will bet against them unless the spread seems way out of line. Brad 
 Thanks for your help. I hope that you were not offended by my comments the other day, they were not directed at you. Brad 
 Rex: I have an article to fax to you please send me your fax #. I hope all is well in Amarillo. Longhorns look good, this weekend will be a good test for them. Tiff and the kids are great. Both kids are very excited to be in school, lets hope that this enthusiasm last for another 16 years. Brad 
 YES 
 Craig: I just noticed that you have me partnered with Les instead of Mills. Thanks Brad 
 Mike: Thanks for the invitation unfortunately I will not be able to attend. Brad 
 Greg: I will not be able to go to lunch with you, dinner is possible. I would suggest you wear a suit. I am not sure at this point who you will interview with, I should know soon. I will call you 8/23 to talk about Thurs. If you do not hear from me please call me (wk 853-7699, hm 972-1208). 
 Graydon: I  was thinking i may come into Austin this weekend to do some sking on lake austin, let me know if that is good. Maybe Sat morn. BT 
 Mom & Dad: Lance Sticksel lives in L.A. his # is 805 489 3254/cell phone # 805 709 5538, if you have any questions about anything call him he will help. 
 Hey while you guys are out there please find out who killed Robert Blake's wife so we don't have to read about it. Have a great trip 
 Try the arrows to move it around 
 Can you tell me if i can fly southwest to and from dallas? If I can what would this cost me? Brad 
 Rex: Thanks for the update, I get in around 5:30. I wil get all my stamps and shells this evening. Have a safe hunt see you soon. 
 Nada mucho amigo 
 Davis: Sorry for the late payment. I read the same article, the market hates us as much as our customers and competitors do. Brad 
 not yet 
 8.41 
 i will find out 
 sat, i do not know the time 
 8.41 on 54,000 shares traded 
 LUB trading at around $8.45 up $0.15 on the day, 41,000 shares traded. looks good 
 Jim: Take mids and add $0.05 for basis and $0.015 for index. Please call if you have any questions. Brad 
 Thomas: Can you please answer the following questions: 1. What is the NYC Gate volume that can be switched to NYH#6, NYH#2 and Diesel ? 2. What utilities have this capability, and what is the volume per utility? 3. What is the volume outside NYC that can be switched? 4. Explain the mechanism for determining the fuel oil pricing  I was at the meeting I had to leave early, thanks Brad 
 Jim: Are these basis offers or efp offers? 
 Have a safe trip home.love brad 
 I am sorry I did not understand your message. You must have been in San Antonio. Brad 
 Who did this deal? 
 I have it took 2 days though. Thanks for coming to Bradley's game, he was very excited. 
 Mer Mer: I was amazed to see that they had a record of me it must have been when I went streaking through the RICE campus one late night. The campus police told me that they were the only ones with the file and that no one else would have access. What a complete bummer. Should I call the FBI? 
 colovista is good with me, late may is good.brad 
 Tad: I think that you should pay what you think you owe and no more. brad 
 GaryD: Thanks for your help if you have Panus's please give it to me, you keep Rome's. brad 
 Russ:      TCO   .185 /CNG .25 please call me with some feedback. I have some room on the cng. brad 
 Anne: It was great to see you, you look great and seem happy. I hope all goes well for you in the year to come. BT 
 Rex: I just wanted to thank you once more for doing our tax return. We realize that this is a very busy time of the year so thanks for your time. I reviewed the return and everything looked great. Have a great time fishing. Brad 
 Mary: Please send me prices for the following: - quail lease - quail guided hunt - deer lease - deer guided hunt - duck lease - duck guided hunt  thanks brad mckay 
 Greg: Thanks for the kind words, I only did what you would have done for me. Regarding other job opportunities, I would stick with the organizations that are leading the way. I do not know that much about Sprague. Brad 
 Aunt Kay: Great news. Elijah has been blessed to be a part of such a loving family. I can not wait to see the pictures. Please forward my regards to the to the family. Love to all Brad 
