ou price earlier for Yankee Gas.  Structuring needs you Gas Daily Daily offer for 30 peak day at TETCO M3.  You previously indicated US$0.13 for 40,000 a day and it looks like they are going to do the whole volume.  They will notify you by 9:00 am the day before delivery.  I don't know what the right price is but it would seem that we could anticipate their need to call and get in front of  the market moves.  I am going to stick with the 0.13/mmbtu unless I hear from you.  I hope the vacation is going well.  Sorry to disturb you.  Regards,  Jon 
 Right back at you and I would be even more takin by you if you would pick up my race for the cure package. 
 Not silly, but working on unemployeed. 
 Thank You! 
 Happy Birthday to YOU Happy Birthday to YOU Happy Birthday dear Beth Happy Birthday to YOU!!!   HAPPY 33rd BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Heeelllloooo G Money,  Long time no e-mail!....  Things here are starting to settle down a little.  I still have not quite cleaned up my affairs in Calgary and probably need to do a weekend trip back up there, but I'll be sure to give you more notice than last time, as it will probably be less work and more play.  I have yet to do anything too spectacular down here.  Last week end I went to the Houston Grand Prix.  Paul Tracey and the other Canadian (name fails me....you know the french guy Patrick?????) didn't do to well.  Although, Enron had sponsored a car for that race and it  was in 3rd most of the way until it crashed on the 2nd from last lap.  It was kind of fun to have someone to cheer for in the race that was in the "thick" of things.  The day was nice and it beat being inside all day.  A couple of week before that I watched Notre Dame get slaughtered by Texas A&M.  It was a really hot day and Kyle Field (where A&M plays) is the loudest outdoor stadium I have ever been in.  There was 92,000 people there and 91,950 were die hard Texas A&M fans.  I kept pretty quite though, the only thing I had to cheer about  as far as the Irish was concerned was that they won the coin toss.  Everything else was down hill from there........it was a complete domination by A&M.  The apartment is starting to get organized.  It is hard to take two 2,000 square foot homes and move them into one 950 square foot apartment.  I've thrown a lot of stuff out I hope I wont need again or I hope I can replace easily if I need it.  How are things with you?  Are you guys getting out much these days?  Anything new and exciting going on in your life?  I hope all is well and I find myself missing you guys a lot.  Have one for me!  Jon 
 I would love to be included.  Thank You. 
 Thank you very much for looking into this for me.  I look forward to hearing from you  Regards,  Jon 
 This should supply you with hours of endless entertainment.  It is fun to use as a tool to mock you associates.  Love Jon 
 Are you going to the hospital today or would you like to run? 
 Scott,  Here is the unwind structure for 7500/MMBtu of the Boston Gas deal.  Could you please set aside some time tomorrow to discuss the costs and residual risks that would be left after unwinding this deal.  I would like to include Gerry and Howard from our Calgary office in this discussion so they can brief you on the current status of Cal pine.  Below is a couple of slides that show the unwind.  Regards,  Jon 
 5:30 
 If so, what time? 
 Dale,  Thank you very much for hooking me up with Stephen.  It seems that he will probably be able to help me move some of my stuff directly to the US.  Could you please see that the address on my current accounts with RBC gets changed to my Houston location so I can receive statements going forward. The correct address is:  Jonathan McKay 909 Texas Avenue, #1808 Houston, Texas, 77002  Thank you very much.  Regards,  Jon 
 John Disturnal...... Why? 
 I'll be there. 
 Fred,  I just wanted to say thank you for the golf on Saturday.  I had a really good time and enjoyed playing your course very much.  You should be very proud of it as I think it one of the best laid out courses I've played.  Thank You,  Jon  PS.  Hopefully we get to play together next time. 
 Jeff,  Good to hear from you.  Things down south seem to have taken a turn for the worse.  Enron keeps making headlines, and not in a good way.  It looks like the market is going to test the big E and make sure that we can handle a little adversity.  Life down here is ok, I am still trying to get settled.  Living with the girlfriend is going pretty well except for the two cats she has.  I can not stand them, and if I could find a way to make them disappear I would.  Cats are the most useless, dirty animals in the world and her cats prove it everyday.  Anyways, I've been doing some fun things down here.  I have gone to a couple of college football games.  I saw Texas AM crush Notre Dame, and the University of Texas kill Colorado.  Both, games were fun to go to and the weather was nice for both of them so I can't complain.   I also went to the Grand Prix of Houston.  That day was also nice and it was fun to watch, but as far as car races go it was not that exciting.  The winner lead start to finish and no one was close all day.  The two Canadian drivers both crashed relatively early so even trying to cheer for people from the homeland didn't go that well.  Other than those few days the weather has been pretty uncomfortable.  Hot and sticky, its like sitting outside and watching the rodeo.  You just don't feel clean when you get back inside.  Trading has been hard.  I've been on a long cold spell and I need to turn it around soon.  But, it always looks its darkest before dawn......bring on the light.  I hope everything is going well for you.  Sorry to hear the ladies are not plentiful.  Usually that is one of the big upsides to going back to school.  Good Luck on you exams, I'm sure you'll do fine.  Regards,  Jon 
 Dale,  Thanks for the email.  I would be happy to pay the 50.00 fee one last time, however, given that this account will not be touched and no changes in the accounts holdings are allowed under Canadian tax law given my status, we need to find a way to either avoid this fee in the future or transfer the holdings to somewhere else.  I would much appreciate your recommendation on how to proceed as well as an address as to where I should send the money for the outstanding balance.  Regards,  Jon 
 Hey Jean,  Where are you sitting these days? 
 Sorry Stephen,  Thing around here have been a little hectic.  Friday would be fine, just let me know where.  Jon 
 Could you please update this spread sheet with the products you would like to offer on a new version of EOL.  Please e-mail me your additions and changes and I will consolidate everything into a presentable format.  Regards,  Jon 
 thank you 
 Hi Greg,  I know you are doing all this work for me, but I seem to be unable to get the files you are sending.  Could you please resend this one, or if that doesn't work could you please Fax it to me at (713) 646 - 8453.  Thank you.   Jon 
 Hey Scott,  I just wanted to verify that we are going to pull the 20 longest dated deals and get quotes from other dealers.  Is that correct?  Or are we going to have them on hand for when the contracts are terminated.... then get the appropriate quotes.  Thanks  Jon 
 Hey Jeff,  How's it going.   Things down here are actually very slow.  They (upper Management) are still trying to figure out what to do.  In the mean time no one is trading.  I sit around most of the day and play games.  I keep waiting for some instruction about what to do next and nothing is being said.  The old hurry up and wait.   Beth's (my girlfriend) whole department got let go the other day.  She is still there until Christmas doing the clean-up but, come the new year she is going to have to try to find a new job.  Things down here could not have gone worse for her. I feel real bad, because in a way I had a part in her moving, but there is nothing I can do about it now.  Are you an unsecured Enron creditor, as they agreed to pay for your school and now won't be able too?  How are thing there?  Are you liking school?  I'm heading back to Calgary on the 21st, and I'll be up there until at least the 30th (maybe longer).  I'd love to grab a beer if you have time.  You can reach me at (403) 239-0299, or I'll be stopping in at the office.  Take care and I hope to see you in cow town.  Jon 
 Hey,   I brought my Clubs and the appropriate cloths to play golf in today.   I'm pretty sure a couple of guys could sneak away, is there any chance you could make it?  Jon  PS. Sorry about the conversation during the run yesterday, I was just trying to let you know what was being tossed around on the floor so did get blind sided by it. 
  Sorry the system would only allow me to send them two at a time.  Could you please save them where brad can access them.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Hey.... this worked.... have a good day! 
 We are on. 
 Thank you very much, and please thank Mr.Fox for me.  I really appreciate your help with this.  Best Regards,  Jon  PS.  Thanks for the Tickets... it looks like it should be fun! 
 Hello Everyone,  It is time to get started in our quest to figure out the N.E.  Given that we are coming to the end of the heating season our best opportunities to make money over the next little while will be with respect to storage, storage arbitrage, and opportunities surrounding the injection season.   Having this in mind I think the best place to start is with the pipe that has the most storage capabilities and flexibility, and I think that is Columbia Gas Transmission.  I am inviting everyone to attend a meeting Tuesday at 3:00 (location to follow) to discuss the who, what, where, when, why, and how.   In preparation for the meeting we need to have information regarding the pipe:  1)	We need the operational capabilities of the pipe.   This should include major receipt points, delivery points, through put capability, line pack balances, and storage facilities (both owned by the pipeline as well as third parties).  Expect to discuss which regions are the bottle necks, and what operational restrictions or advantages individual locations have. (Rob, Meredith, Bob or Chris could you please try to track down some of this info)  2)	We need to talk about trading and transacting in this region.  Proper contracts with the pipe, what flexibility we have (or could get), transportation costs within the region, etc....(Rob, Meredith, Bob or Chris could you please try to track down some of this info)  3)	Major players on the pipeline LDC's, Industrials, Power Generators, and production companies (i.e.. native production on the pipe) (Adam and Chuck could you please gather this info)  4)	Price Curves and trading opportunities for the region.  (I will be supplying the data for this part of the discussion)  Please come ready to talk freely about what you know and please understand that the point of this is to figure out what pieces of information we lack and to make everyone better informed.  I look forward to see you all on Tuesday.  Regards,  Jon 
 Just a quick reminder, we have a meeting scheduled for 3:00 pm today to discuss how TCO works. It will take place in room 06116 and come ready to talk about your area of expertise.  Regards,  Jon 
 Due to the popularity of this meeting we will have to move it to 06990.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Jon 
 It was good.... I went down around noon and hung out for a couple of hours.  It is amazing how excited everyone is for the Texan's to start up.  Thank you very much for the tickets it was a lot of fun.  It seemed like everyone but me knew who they were going to take in the draft.  Look for a check the next couple of days I plan on sending you $25,000 that I would like you to put with the rest of my cash for now.  Thanks Again,  Jon 
 Hunter,  After talking with my father regarding new members for our weather team he sent me the email below.  Sorry there isn't a better lead, however, I did notice that each of these websites have a place to post job opportunities.  Should we be posting something?  Just a thought.  Regards,  Jon 
 Scott,  Do you know who I need to contact to get the ODBC driver installed on my computer.  I think you were right in pointing out that it is not on Brad's old box.  Thanks,  Jon 
 see below 
 Hellllooooo,  How are you doing?  I know I have been delinquent in sending you a note but= there has been a lot going on these days.  The move still is not quit comp= lete, I still have things I need to do up there and I probably need to do a= weekend trip to get everything cleaned up.  I ended up selling you curio (= sp?) cabinets and keeping you TV. cabinet.  Hence I have a cheque for you t= hat needs to be sent, or picked up if you like?  The move has gone pretty well all things considered.  We managed to fit two= 2000 square foot homes into one 900 square foot apartment.  It kind of has= the cluttered eclectic New York apparent look to it.........you know the s= ame as your basement in Summerland.  Nothing major got damaged, in the move= so that helps.  I still have to switch over my car registration and insura= nce, and we all know how much fun that is so I've been procrastinating.  I've done a couple of fun things since being down here.  I've gone to two c= ollege football games, one at College Station to watch Texas A&M beat Notre= Dame, and one in Austin to watch the University of Texas beat Colorado.  T= hey were both day trips about two and a half hours from Houston, so the dri= ves were not that bad.  Its just kind of neat to be in a Stadium with 90,00= 0 other fans.  It is truly amazing to hear the noise that can be made by th= at many people.  Two weekends ago I watched the Texaco Grand Prix of Housto= n.  This is a car race similar to the ones they have in Vancouver and Toron= to each year.  There are two Canadian drivers in this racing series but bot= h of them had a bad day.  One of them crashed and the other finished way ba= ck.  The highlight was that Enron had sponsored a car just for that race th= at was doing very well up until the second from last lap when it crashed.  = Oh well, at least it was fun to have some one to cheer for, and it was a pr= etty nice day to sit out side and drink a beer.  Work is hard and not going as well as I hoped, but I think I just need to g= ive it some time.  Enron also has been in the news a lot these days for all= the wrong reasons.  It sounds like one of the "way high-ups" had a questio= nable kick back deal with Enron that has come under attack.  The Board of D= irectors has been sued by shareholders and all the regulatory people are st= arting to ask questions now.  It looks like my plan for early retirement is= out the window as our stock price this year has fallen from a high of $90 = to $25.  So much for getting stock options as your bonus.  Anyway, the World Trade attacks have not really changed much down here.  Th= ere seems to be more hype than anything else, you know anything the media c= an latch its teeth into rip apart.  I'm actually getting tired of all the r= umors and fear mongering that is going on.  I figure if my time is up, than= so be it, but I'm not going to spend all day worrying about it, its a wast= e of energy.  I hope the new job goes well.  I'm glad to hear that your back working, I w= as starting to worry about you a little.  You know what can happen when peo= ple lock themselves in their house and don't get out enough they tend to st= op going out all together.  Anyway, its time for me to start working so I have to go now.  Take care an= d have fun at your new job!  Love  Jon  PS.  I lost your address in my move.  Could you please email me your physic= al address so I can mail you the money I owe you. Thanks 
 How is everyone.....mother, child.........father?  I hope everything went smooth.   Are you taking this one to hockey practice or dance class?  Include me in the mass e-mail when you get a chance.  Jon 
 I am still sick as hell, but I thought I would try running today any interest? 
 I'm in..........I can't refuse a free needle. 
 Are you a father yet?.... If not do you want to run on the treadmills or play squash tonight? 
 General computer 	Login :	 Jmckay1	password: iiiiiii! 
 Hello,  I was just dropping this note to see if anyone was interested in getting together for the Rice Owls homecoming game against Tulsa this weekend.  Game time is 2 pm and I thought we would get walk-up tickets (eveyman for himself).  If people are interested we would have a little tailgate party prior to kick-off and watch the 6-3 Owls (undefeated at home)  kill the Tulsa Hurricanes.  Drop me a line if you have interest as I am trying to get critical mass.  Jon  PS. Please invite anyone that has interest in coming along and bring your kids if you have them. 
 Glen,  So its time for Monday night football and I was thinking about how you'd hi= tting on some waitress at Hooters.  Ahhhhh those were the days!   How are t= hings going?  What's new in the world?  Things here seem to be running ther= e course.  Remember the movie Wall Street where they arrest "Bud Fox" for i= nsider trading and it is the beginning of the end.  Well I think Bud might = have worked here, and the whole company seems to be coming down with him.  = I don't know if it is getting much press in Canada but the mighty Enron has= fallen on hard times and we are in the process of merging with another com= pany down here as a way of staying afloat.  We seem to have run out of cash= and can't pay the bills.  Visa and Mastercard are maxed out.  Its kind of = got me soul searching and I'm trying to decided what to do next.  I can sta= y where I am and wait and see what comes of the merger, but its kind of lik= e sticking with the Expo's, no one is certain what the future is. Or, I can= try and jump ship, catch on with another gas trading company, but the prob= lem is the grass is Never as green on the other side of the fence.  Hence t= he soul searching and dilemma.  Anyway, I just thought I'd drop you a note,= see how things are going.  Dolphins seem to be doing ok, 6-2, life could b= e worse.  I'm going to Tampa Bay for American Thanksgiving and kind of looking forwar= d to the couple of days off.  And I'm coming to Calgary for Christmas.  I g= et in late Friday the 21st and head back to Houston Sunday the 30th.  Maybe= we could get everyone together and go skiing one day, drinks at minimum.  = Anyway I have to get back to work.  I hope all is well in Cow town and say = hi to one of the waitress for me tonight   Jon 
 Sorry I missed your call last night, I had to pick-up my car.  Any interest in exercise?.... Give me a call if you can make time.  Jon  PS.  Nice articles in the Wall Street Journal and NY Times 
 You can't send this to my work.... send it to bjenkins2@houston.rr.com...  Thanks, Jon Very funny though 
 Had to send you that email.... company policy... keep me on the list just but at home instead.   I thought the stamps were out of it?... 
 Just want to make sure we are meeting at 6:00 AM to run tomorrow.  Regards,  Jon 
 I am interested in moving to the Enron Center or if nothing is available to Allen Center.  I work in Enron Center South and my company number is 0413 and my cost center is RC 107313.  Regards,  Jonathan McKay 
 I thought since you wanted to talk, we would skip going to dinner to night.... we'll go tomorrow with tom and miranda.  And the real reason for canceling is ...I'm going to play golf.... I have my cell phone if you need me.  Jon  XO 
 Frank,  By not being able to trade C$ denominated products we would not be able to trade most of the physical products including cash, one month, index gas, or be able facilitate long term structures.  Having said that, if the time period for not trading these products was only 45 days, they could get past that without any major damage being done.  It will take longer to get physical contracts in place in Canada than it will financial.  The extra time the Canadian office would have before it traded physical C$ products would allow them to obtain a critical mass of trading counter parties.  If it was going to be 120 or 180 days, then there would be problems.  I hope this helps, let me know if you need any else.  Regards,  Jon 
 This is why we have to run! 
 Dear Mrs. Kemp,  My name is Jonathan McKay and the reason I am contacting you is with respect to obtaining sponsorship to become member of the local CFA society. I moved from Calgary, Canada in September and I am not familiar with anyone that belongs to the Houston chapter. I obtained your name from the AIMR website and would appreciate any help you could offer me as far as sponsorship or putting me in contact with some of the local members.  I have completed the third level exam and need this sponsorship in order to obtain my designation.  I can be contacted at (h) 713 225 -1230, (w) 713 853 - 4810, or via email at jonathan.mckay@enron.com.  Thank you,  Jon McKay 
 Hello,  In order to make sure that our records are complete during the holiday season, could you please forward a copy of your quote sheets to Chance Rabon at Chance.Rabon@enron.com, as well as sending them to me.  I will be on holidays from Friday 21st, till the end of the year and Chance will be helping clean up Enron business and be preparing for our business to re-emerge.  Your patients and help are greatly appreciated and I look forward to speaking with you in the new year.  Have a happy and safe holiday season.  Jon 
 Please plan on attending this meetig  Thanks  Jon 
 At one point I had my bid above my offer................not good.  I'll just meet you at the loft later...........may go for a run........or a beer. 
 Its jmckay1  Thank you 
 Kam,  Could you please grant me access to the "EAST-P/L Totals" and "EAST POSITION Totals" Reports.  They are currently being sent to me via e-mail but I am unable to open them.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks 
 Hey,  Houston is Hot hot hot..........So far the living arrangements are good, however, I remain cautious about the potential going forward.  The loft is very cool (i.e. trendy, not cool temperature), but I can hear the sucking sound on my bank account.  Its only been a couple of days, but so far so good.  My email address is the same and you can get a hold of me by sending me a note.  I think I may have sold my house, there is still a few thing to be worked out, but I'll let you know when I'm comin' back to Calgary so you can pick-up some of the kitchen stuff.  Regards,  Jon 
 Email me when you're back in town...........I don't have a phone number yet..........and we'll hook up.  Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks for the encouragement................Its going to take some time to get up to speed, but I'll be sure to let you know if anything looks good as far as trades for the North East.  Regards,  Jon 
 Just in the process of selling the house.   The prospective buyers need to secure financing.  How much are you looking to convert as I am long some USD from liquidating some investments in Canada and may be able to help convert some currency earlier.  Let me know.  Regards,  Jon  PS. How is the good life treating you? 
 Melba,  Chris Lambie, Chris Dorland, Mike Cowan, and Chad Clark will be managing products.  All Canadian traders will need transaction capabilities.  I do not think that any "view only" access will be needed.  Thank you,  Jon   PS. I am moving to Houston permanently tomorrow and will have to pass this responsibility off to Chris Lambie. 
 Hey, Jeff is this the correct email address to reach you?  Regards,  Jon 
 This is accurate....Please take notes if you have to.  XO Jon 
 Garage at 4:30, I hope you can make it!  Jon 
 Helllllooooo Aunt,  I'm on my way to Houston tomorrow.  I've sold the China cabinets, but not the TV cabinet. (Still working on it!)  Some people have finally shown a bid for my house but its a little less than I really wanted to sell it for, so I'm stalling.  I've pretty much sold everything else I own except for the knick-knacks.  I have to come back in a couple of weeks and take care of actually moving everything and collecting the money.   I'll be sure to keep you informed when I know more.   Love  Jon 
 please price 
  Sorry, I was out Friday.  How's about com'in out for a beer Tuesday with the whole gang?  If your uncomfortable with hangin' out with a bunch of Enron people then maybe we can catch a QUICK one tonight.  Cheers 
 The AGA number was definitely more bullish than anyone expected and it has caused us to rally to levels that I didn't think we were going to see a long time.  But, I do not think that the trend has changed.  In my humble opinion, I think that the number was probably an adjustment of over statements of inventory over the past 8 weeks. I do not believe that the number should have any baring on the numbers going forward.  I still expect us to trend down, but it will probably take an extra week to recover from this move.  Regards,  Jon 
 Empress can be traded in either, but for these purposed we would have it in USD/MMBtu.  Regards,  Jon 
 Thanks for looking into this for me.  Hopefully these answers help.  Is this the index for all products?   Yes,  we would like to have the ability to offer all western Canadian products under this formate.  Under this structure we will be buying/selling natural gas in exchange for "the last scheduled Trading Day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract" modified by the price submitted by the counterparty on the website. Which ones will be the locations you will be using?  We will be putting out AECO, Sumas, Station 2, and Empress products under this format. Please match a Risk Book assignment to each location	AECO/Empress  - FT-Cand-EGSC and Sumas/Station 2 - FT-Cand-EGSC-BC Who will be the trader?  Chris Lambie for AECO and Empress; Chris Dorland for Sumas/Station 2 Who will be the risk book administrator?  Chelsea Bardel - (403) 974 6957 What will be the terms trading? We would like to have the ability to set up a bunch of products beyond 1 Month.  To start with: Nov01,Dec01, Nov01-Mar02, Apr02-Oct02, Nov02-Mar03, Apr03-Oct03.  If you need a more through explaination please let me know.  Thanks,  Jon 
 Start Date	October		November  1year		4.64		4.71 2year		4.82		4.86 3year		4.91		4.94 5year		5.01		5.02  Regards,  Jon 
 4.66 offer  --  Currency is helping, but the NYMEX is not agreeing.  Jon 
 It's time to make good on the Enron Canada tax treaty arrangement.  In return for "service rendered" (tax that is) you are cordially invited to golf at Kananaskis at 12:09 pm on Sunday, August, 19th.  If transportation services are needed please RSVP.  Best Regards,  Jon 
 1 year    4.615 2 year    4.79 3 year    4.88 5 year    4.99  Go Flames Go....... 
 Here is how Gator's treat there young.  Also, you are  correct, the API polls have Florida ranked one, Miami ranked two, and Florida State ranked 6.  Florida did not have the most vote for the number one place (Miami had more) but non the less are coming out of the gate in the number one spot.  Do you think the sports writers spent all their time in Florida, or what?  Crazy! 
 Don't worry with the 11GJ's just as long as we have the proper volumes over here.  Also, leap years are observed in the gas business.  When working out the number of days on excel, if you take the month in advance and subtract the current month it will give the correct number of days (including leap years).  Regards,  Jon 
 Good job!!!!!!!!...........Sorry, about getting you some of the other prices you needed.  I have been having problems with my email, but I think its been Finally fixed.  Let me know if you need any thing today.  Regards,  Jon 
  I have a plane ticket  booked for a week from tomorrow.  Please come by and take a look.  I'm around in the evenings or on the weekend.  Call me at home 249-8322, or come on by 4712 Grove Hill Road. S.W.  Regards,  Jon  PS. I'll make sure we get out for a drink before l leave. 
 1 year	4.525 2 year	4.705 3 year	4.80 5 year	4.90  All offer's out of November.  Regards,  Jon 
 Ticket booked...........I'm making a run for the boarder on Aug. 22.......Wish me luck!  Jon 
 Sierras West                Hillsboro Enterprises                   Area Managers  1 year                4.43                                4.42                                       4.44  2 year                4.605                              4.59                                       4.63  3 year                4.685                              4.67                                       4.72   Don't fumble these!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Regards,  Jon 
  Thanks for your help. 
 5 year out of Oct offer 4.85 
 5  year offer 4.84 
 1 year  4.51 2 year  4.675 3 year  4.75 5 year  4.85 
 I have assumed you wanted an end date of 31-Oct-2002.  Which would result in an offer of 4.44.  If you need a different time period please advise.  Regards,  Jon 
 4.705 offer 
  FYI 
 Absolutely................... I think I owe you at least one. 
 Thanks 
 Thank You!  Now I need somebody to sponsor me....................Any takers? ................ Unclear as to the repercussions to your own CFA for venturing down this path.  Cheers 
 Oct 01 - Sep 04 offered at 4.725  Regards,  Jon 
 Are what there?????????????  Smiles :) 
 SMED  Nov. 1 year offer 4.42 Nov. 2 year offer 4.60 Nov. 3 year offer 4.675 Nov. 5 year offer 4.76 
  yahoo......way to go.....keep'm com'in!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 The sooner I know the better, but as always, good till one o'clock. 
