 Arkansas b/c of the ice storm there.  Thank you,  Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 Lead -- Financial Risk Mgmt 
 Frank,  Below are a list of technical questions for prospective candidates for my group.  Thanks  Experienced:  Define each type of swap.  Draw out the interaction between buyer and seller. What is a swaption -- Why do a swaption vs. an option What is an EFP What is curve shift -- what effects your curve shift value. What are the components of the Black-Scholes model Define:  Delta, Gamma, Vega, Theta, etc. What is a Cross?  What does it do to your option delta? Are you familiar with option valuation models How does the NYMEX work -- i.e. Explain what is meant by the term 'zero-sum-gain'; Margin, etc. Do you know the NYMEX symbols for each month Are you familiar w/ pipe options Are you familiar w/ typical basis values for different regions (Perm, SoCal, Rockies, Z6, etc.)  Inexperienced:  Several math/statistical questions of varying degrees of difficulty Various basic to advanced questions on Excel -- VBA, etc. Are you familiar with online trading Do you have any knowledge of gas, energy, etc. How do you deal with the stress of long hours and high stress Have you dealt with high level employees (Dir's., V.P.'s, etc.) in previous jobs -- how was it, did you like it How do deal with taking direction from others your age or younger 
 How do I get a laptop?  EM 
 Please see attached the July first of the month prices corresponding to the deal list you provided me.  Sorry for the delay, but I.T. ran into a major snag when they tried to pull these.  Thanks,  Errol McLaughlin -- X5-8274  GDP-CAL BORDER    4.91 GDP-CGT/APPALAC   4.52 GDP-CHI. GATE  4.43 GDP-CNG/APPALACH  4.56 GDP-HEHUB   4.36 GDP-ELPO/PERM2  4.35 GDP-ELPO/SANJUA  4.12 GDP-HPL/SHPCH  4.38 GDP-KERN/OPAL  3.92 GDP-MALIN-CTYGA  4.47 GDP-MICHCON   4.45 GDP-NTHWST/CANB  4.07 GDP-PAN/TX/OK  4.20 GDP-PG&E/CITIGA  4.97 GDP-TENN/500  4.24 GDP-TRCOZ6/NY  4.93 GDP-TETCO/M3  4.72 GDP-WAHA   4.27 NW STANF/1ST-GD  4.02 
 Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!!  Have a great time!!!!!!! 
 This has to be done..................................  Thanks 
 Sharon,  How does Thursday at 1pm sound?  Thanks,  Errol 
 Guys,  My new number is 713-870-8211.  Call anytime.  Thanks,  Errol 
 Please rebook to Springs Industries, Inc. 
 Kam,  $100 sounds like a good idea.  I'm not close to a golfsmith, though. (sorry)  Errol 
 Will,  1:45pm if possible -- I've got NYMEX checkout after 2:10 pm.  Thanks,  Errol 
 Please go ahead as soon as possible.  Please let me know if you know of any problems this will cause us doing our day-to-day activities.  Errol McLaughlin 
 Combined post id is 977346 - it's calc'd against tonite's curve. 
 This day is good for me. 
 What day should I expect to receive the item below.  Thanks,  Errol 
 What's your login 
 Agustin,  Per our discussion on Friday, I have changed this deal so that Enron is selling leg 1.  I can't remember.  Did you say that we have already received a check back from the counterparty?  Let me know, b/c this deal has price and basis and I'm sure the desk that had the basis risk wants the money owed them.  Thanks,  Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 
 I'll be there.  Errol 
 I finally got through to your fax at 11:00 am Houston time.  Please call me at 713-345-8274 if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Errol McLaughlin 
 Vikas:  We can do this -- just have Todd call me with the deal number and we can book a pass through deal.  Errol, X5-8274 
 Please find attached the file that Dawn sent to me.  Sorry for the delay. Next month I'll be more prepared.    Thanks,  Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 
 Everything looks correct, except for Friday, November 23, 2001.  Truong had this day listed as a holiday.  It is not a holiday -- the exchange will close early at 12 noon CST.  Errol 
 The basis curves corresponding to deals listed are saved in O:\ Dropbox \Errol\natsourcebasiscurves.  I.T. is still working on a fix for the Gas Daily curves.  I will let you know when we have something from them.  I let them know this was a time sensitive issue.  Thanks,  Errol 
 Jim,  Thanks a lot for great basket - I just got it.  We'll call on Monday.  Errol 
 Done.  EM 
 Homer,  I just left you a voicemail regarding the natsource study.  We have been able to pull in the basis and price curves, but we are having trouble getting the gas daily curves for June to come in correctly.  I.T. is looking into this issue and will have us an answer soon.  Email me and let me know where I can save a file out to you with the curves we do have.  The file is too large to Email.  Thank you,  Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 
 Jim,  I really appreciate the offer.  Sorry for the delay in responding - things have been a little crazy.  I would like to accept the tickets for myself. Dutch is on vacation and I have left him a voicemail asking if he's is interested.  I will give you a call a little later in the day when things settle down.  Thanks,  Errol McLaughlin 
 Thanks 
 Changed. 
 I just received this from one of the floor brokers and thought everyone would like to here the good news.  Fridays, Dec. 22 & 29, the Exchange will close at 12 Noon CST.  Errol 
 YOU GO, GIRL!!! 
 Paris?Bellagio? Venetion?.........................Westward Ho?(just trying to cover all price ranges) 
 Vikas,  Attached are excel files for the different subsidiaries.  Each file has a tab for the swap position and the option position.  For the options I have added an auto filter at the top of the file so you can sort by strike price.  I apologize for the delay, but I was trying to drop the info into an appropriate format.    Thanks,  Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 
 Let me know if you get three files -- one for each subsidiary.  That was the only way I could send them out.  Errol 
 I recently requested access to CQG.  Could you please tell me how the process is moving along and when I will be able to access it.  Thank you,  Errol McLaughlin X5-8274 
 Per Jeff Gosset, attached is yesterday's natural gas curve.    Please call me with any q