 Amy,  Please note that I would like to interview for the trader assistant positions for both the cash desk and the term desk.  Bert Meyers Portland WSCC Real Time Desk 503-880-5315 
 Kathy:  Please find the enclosed epe model for 01/25/02:     Regards,  Bert Meyers 
 Tom:  Buffalo Gap would be just fine.  Bert 
 Tom:  Earlier I wrote that it would be easier for me to meet downtown because I don't have my car.  However, Molly has made an unexpected trip to PA so I have her car.  Meeting @ the Buffalo Gap is not a problem anymore.  Bert 
 Bill:  For yet another day we seem to be having problems including all the schedules in our EPE schedule sheet.  Tag 52159 was not included (25mw schedule to LADWP).  I think part of the problem is some counterparties are not including EPMIWE as a PSE.  Fortunately, the dispatchers had the schedule and informed me of the problem.  I then called LADWP and WESCO to checkout with them.  If this did not happen we wouldn't have known what the deal was.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Bert 
 Tom:  If it is not too much trouble, I would prefer to meet downtown.  I now live downtown and currently do not have a car.  If that is not possible, its no big deal, I will just take a cab over to the buffalo gap.  Just let me know...  Bert 
 Tom:  I would be delighted to meet with you over breakfast.  I am available for both of the times you suggested, just name the time and the place.  Regards,  Bert 
 Bill:  Last night as I was trying to log onto the ADS machine I kept getting a server error.  You will probably want to let one of the IT guys know of this problem  Bert 
 Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.  Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert 
 Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO).  Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw).  SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw).  I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship.  Regards,  Bert Meyers 
