 This guy looks pretty qualified. Who is he? 
 Brian Looks like your Harvard team pulled it off! I know you must be excited about the team. What a great season. Hope you have a good thanksgiving. Kate and I going to OKC and to an OU football game. Take care. Matt 
 Spoke with Dylan a while back and said he took a job with you. Sounds great! He is a great guy and will do well there as you already know. I am off to Mexico for a few weeks starting saturday and will call yo when I resurface in a month or so. Hope all is well. Regards Matt 
 I sent this last week but was to the wrong address. Hope all is well.     Brian, Hi. Hope things are well with you. I wanted to drop a line and say hello as well as to thank you for your extreme generosity   with respect to our wedding. I am humbled by what you are doing for us and know Kate feels the same. I am looking forward to September and know that all will have a great time! Kate and I are going to CT and NY next week to find a place to live (hopefully). We are planning on renting initially then look to buy later. Real estate is crazy there. I guess it is not much better where you are though. Take care. Regards, Matt 
 Brian, Hi. Hope things are well with you. I wanted to drop a line and say hello as well as to thank you for your extreme generosity   with respect to our wedding. I am humbled by what you are doing for us and know Kate feels the same. I am looking forward to September and know that all will have a great time! Kate and I are going to CT and NY next week to find a place to live (hopefully). We are planning on renting initially then look to buy later. Real estate is crazy there. I guess it is not much better where you are though. Take care. Regards, Matt 
 Harvey, Hi. Hope things are going well for you in Europe. I was going through some old emails and ran across this one and thought I'd drop you a line. How is the family settling in and how is the job going? Things are fine here. I turned down a job with UBS and am waiting for my contract to expire. I will be glad when this whole Enron chapter is closed in my life. I'm sure everyone will. Drop me a line if you get a chance and let me know how things are going for you. Take care. Regards, Matt 
 Hi. I have been looking at your wonderful property online and would like to check the availability in both March and April. I would be looking for a 2-3 week stay. The town sounds great and am looking for to hearing form you. Regards Matt Motley matt.motley@enron.com   or   mmatthew36@qwest.net 
 Kate Here is where you can go to get you iteninary.   www.virtuallythere.com Your locator is : flqfdc  Let me know if have any problems.  Matt 
 Dear Gaylord, How are things? I hope your long weekend went well and your were able to dodge any objects thrown your way. Any chance I could get Kate and my itinerary sent? Talk later Regards, Arnold Swartzamotley 
