d in Dallas.  2.  Roseanne Marino  (212) 704 2156  (headhunter) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy. 
 thank ;you very much 
 Suggestions for offsite:  1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters 2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs 
 I will send her a note right now. 
 i think either one of us can sign 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week.  Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 please add Tom Martin to this list. 
 great idea!!!! 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week. Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 make sure Jared brings his credit card 
 I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group. 
 these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations. 
 you are correct.  Whatever name works for me. 
 Muchas gracias, mi amiga.  Un gran besito a vos. 
 available EXCEPT for the following days:  May 16 -18 May 22 May 23 May 25-31  June 6 June 13 June 20 June 25-29 July 2-6 July 11   I hope this is helpful.  I will let you know if anything changes.  Thank you,  Scott 
 I would like Joe Casas (currently East logistics) to participate in the interview process. 
 1.  Patty Broderson  (770) 792-1962 (headhunter) is working on a postion for a trading/marketing company located in Dallas.  2.  Roseanne Marino  (212) 704 2156  (headhunter) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy. 
 thank ;you very much 
 Suggestions for offsite:  1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters 2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in Color= ado Springs 
 I will send her a note right now. 
 i think either one of us can sign 
 frank, jared, craig - fyi  open discussion meeting with everybody including logistics to talk about the business.  Tuesday,  10:30-11:30am Room ??? (I'll let you know)  Scott 
 please add Tom Martin to this list. 
 great idea!!!! 
 I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week.  Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate. thanks,  Scott Neal 
 make sure Jared brings his credit card 
 I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group. 
 these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations. 
 Effective as soon as possible, I would like to cancel my Body Shop membership.  Please let me know if I need to do anything in addition to this email notification.  Thank for your help.  Scott Neal 
 yes please take care of this for me.  thank you. 
 I have forgotten my user name and password.  I work for Enron.  Can you help me?  Thank you,  Scott Neal 
 16 
 please add to my schedule. 
 Carrie,  I am unable to do participate at that time on June 24 due to bid week.  However, after 3:30pm would work.  Let me know if this works for you. 
 Karen,  I had not thought about the title issue but my view is that if the person is a viable candidate and wants to pursue this track then title should be a non issue.  I don't see any problem with having a current manager in the program.  Having said all that, I don't know John Lavoratto's view. 
 John Thompson and Scott Josey are the guys doing the producer finance business. 
 Bob,  I would like to put a contract in place with the following counterparty.  I think a GISB contract will be sufficient since the transactions will be 1 month or shorter.  El Paso Field Services Sam Ansley (832) 676-5555 FAX (832) 676-1483  Let md know if you need additional info.  Thanks.  Scott 
 talked with her this afternoon.  gave her feedback on how I think you could add value to this business. 
 talked with     Thomas Hicks and Monte Jones.  I think we should bring them both in for an interview.   I plan on talking with Jeremy Tartack this evening. 
 thanks. 
 I had a great visit with Eddie Rietze last night.  We spent about 3 hours together.  I think we should definately pursue him. He is interested talking further.  We will probably need to meet with him during the evening.  Please let me know if I need to do anything to proceed.  I indicated to Eddie that you would be contacting him to set an interview schedule.  thanks,  Scott 
 I am not available 
 Wednesday  any time after 3:30pm would work well for me. 
 Not at this time. 
 you are clearly deserving.  good luck! 
 Colton and I will not be able to attend.  Sorry for the late response.  Have a great time. 
 http://www.irs.gov/prod/bus_info/tax_pro/irm-part/part04/30245.html#ss1 
 What do I need to do to cancel my Body Shop membership?  Thanks for your help.  Scott Neal 
 info per yor request 
 I think we should interview Gary Linhart for the trading track. 
 talked with Guilermo Arana and I think we should interview him.  I left a message with Gary Linhart - will forward feedback after I talk with him. 
 Thank you for your kind words.  As always, I appreciate your efforts and integrity. I am also very proud of what we have accomplished here and am hopeful that we will look back on this and smile about how we came through it.  Scott 
 I have not talked with them yet but I hope to do so today. 
 To whom should a check be written to?  American Heart Association?? 
 I have been unable to reach Francis Nyema, so no feedback on him. 
 fyi 
 Sarah,  Unfortunately, I will be unable to attend as I have apreviously scheduled staff meeting.  Sorry for the confusion.  Scott Neal 
 Comments from trading track phone interviews:   Fred Baloutch  -  recommendation: invite in for interview  -  excellent academic results, very smart, some summer gas experience with BC gas, did some work with weater derivatives,  very enthusiatic  Carlos Betancourt  -  recommendation: do not invite for interview - unable to communicate relavent experience.  Seung "Sam" Hyun Cho -  recommendation:  invite for interview ( however, Sam does not graduate until May '02, so Associate program recruiting may be a better fit.)  excellent academic results,  able to discuss a wide variety of subject material regarding trading,  strong understanding of risk and derviatives.   Please let me know if you need additional information.  Scott 
 this is the other meeting previously scheduled 
 not available due to other meeting 
 I think that sounds  good.   I think Daniel has done a nice job for us.  Scott 
  please remind me of this meeting 
  You are welcome to come down any day.  I think that changing the time on the 29th would be good since we are still in "bid week" that day.  Thanks,  Scott 
 Do you have a date for the trading track interviews?  Thanks,  Scott 
 thank you for the free trial membership.  At this time, I would like to cancel my membership and avoid any future billing.  Thank you,  Scott Neal  Order ID: 20010924000612330  scott.neal@enron.com 
 thanks for the invitation, but unfortunately won't be able to attend.  Scott 
 no interest for me.  thanks. 
 yes, I received my folder.  thank you. 
 I am unable to play because my kids have football games that day.  Thanks for the invitation. 
 thank you 
 thanks. 
 I am not available at this time. 
 thanks 
 should we have somebody from the Upstream group attned this?? 
 what are your store hours? 
 I am planning on taking a half day of vacation tomorrow to go see the Astros game, if ok with you.  Scott 
  fyi 
 I will be attending. 
 Carin,  Please note some suggested changes in red.  Don't feel obligated to use them as is. Let me know if you need additional infromation.  Scott 
 i will review right now and send comments. 
  just wanted to make sure you received this. 
 I would like to add Leonidas Saavas and Jeff Royed. 
 please don't send this to me. 
 It was great to see you as well.  I look forward to seeing you again in the future.  Saludos,  Scott 
 I did not agree to this $50,000 pmt for Enron to keep these contracts. I did not cut that deal nor did I agree to pay this fee. 
 Kelley,  I am writing to you to follow up on our discussion last week regarding disclosure of counterparty names for price verification purposes. Can you give me the name and contact information for the person within your company that would work with us to put a Confidentiality Agreement in place. Jeff Hodge is our lawyer who will work on this for Enron.  Jeff can contacted at 713 853-6911 or by email at jeffrey.t.hodge@enron.com.  Thanks for you assistance.  Scott Neal 
 thank you. 
 fyi 
 Colton plays Tuesday @ 7:30pm behind Mac Haik on I-10. Brett plays Wednesday @ 7:30pm at Gobe Stadium at the old Spring Branch High School. 
 Randy,  I hope all is well with you.  Hopefully, we will be starting up in the next weeks as UBS.  I don't know if you are still in the market for people.  I have attached the resume of Vickie Versen for your review.  She was most recently responsible for trading physical gas in the Gulf.  She came out of our scheduling/logistics group and has extensive experience working on several East pipes.  I think she would consider a trading or scheduling position.  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 please approve this for me or come help me to approve it.  thank you  scott 
 thank you 
 Will the people with asterisks be receiving offers?  just curious. 
 great, thanks for the information.  Also, you and everyone else in your group did a nice job coordinating the process. 
 Colton's game tonight is at 6:00pm not 7:30 as I previously thought.  Brett's game is at 8:00pm on Wednesday instead of 7:30. 
 Kelley,  Any info yet on who we can work with on this?  Thanks,  Scott 
 Julie,  Thank you so much for the tickets to the golf tournament.  I took my nephew and we had a great time. I really appreciate you thinking of me.  Sincerely,  Scott Neal 
 can't do it this weekend du my kids' football games.  thanks 
 thank you. 
 fyi.  I think Randy is the no. 2 guy  at RWE.  You might give him a call.  Scott 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this. 
 please approve this 
 can't do it -  thanks for the invite. 
 great.  I look forward to seeing you.   Scott 
 please forward to all East traders and originators 
 please schedule a room for this presentation 
 that sounds great. thank you so much.  see you tomorrow 
 As I suggested several months ago you need to get access to TDS with a total position view.  I am well within my VAR.  If I need to be responsible for total gas floor VAR let me know. 
 julia,  do you have Dave Stevenson's  phone # at work??  thanks, scott 
 thankyou very much.. I need to reschedule our meeting.  Any day next week works for me, after 2:30pm. 
 Karen,  Leonida Saavas can be available at your convenience regarding trading track starting date.  Thanks, Scott 
  can you help gary on this? 
 Everyone on each desk is an EOL trader.  Please continue to include the East Desk on your daily lunch list. 
 Are you planning to fundy's presentation on Tuesday?  If yes, please include the entire East Desk in the email notice.  Andy Ring, Judy Townsend, Scott Neal, Frank Vickers, Jared Kaiser, Chuck Ames, Jon McKay, Craig Taylor, Sandra Brawner  Thanks,  Scott 
 good job, Frank. 
 please approve for me. 
 frank,  which originator should this go to? 
 I would like to play. 
 Lavo,  I will be in town all weekend.  I can reached anytime at one of the following numbers.  home:  713 365 9035 cell:  713 503 3466  Scott 
 count me in, I will see you friday morning unless I hear otherwise. 
 left voicemail telling Terry that you would be calling.  Also, told her to call me back. will update you further after I talk to her. 
 yes 
 What is this about? 
 Any day this week after 2:00pm works for me.  Just let me know.  I am located at 06466 
 Andy Ring and Sandra Brawner need to be at this meeting. 
 I know you  guys may be  still in the hiring mode.  I've attached 2 resumes that are worth a look.  Beth Jenkins is a senior commercial person with extensive derivatives knowledge and industry experience.  She has a trading background but has interest in pursuing Origination opportunities also.    Vickie Versen worked for me most recently trading physical gas in the Gulf and previous scheduled on several East pipes.  I think she has interest in considering either trading or scheduling. 
 fyi 
 I would like to get together Monday, February 4 at 9:30am to discuss the startup of our business including products, points, responsibilities etc.  Amanda will notify you with the location.  Thanks,  Scott 
 Final floor plan 
 I will send Ina the final plan this AM. 
  can you guys follow up on this payment issue? 
 maybe soon.  sneal4@houston.rr.com 
 Tammy,  I will have final for you by 10:30am.  Bob is working on his supoort people right now and we will be meeting to allocate/place assistants at 10:00am.  I will send shortly thereafter.  Scott 
  preliminary final - assistants to be added tomorrow 
 forward to tammy sheppard when you're finished  thanks 
 note changes 
 don't know yet because  we have not decided who is going to work for whom.  i will let you know 
 waiting on Hunter 
 take a look and  make changes 
 thanks, tom 
 thank you 
    take a look and make changes.  scott 
 becky young sent me thsi seating arrangement for you guys?  she does not have Sheetal on it - should I add her in the "open" spot?  Scott 
 please fill people in the attached floor plan 
 I am unable to attend. 
 please place your people in the attached floor plan.  Fred - Blue Chris - Peach 
 Revised Gas floor plan 
 I think chuck will do these 
 thank you. 
 Jon Mckay will manage Brad's products.  What products had we assigned to Pete? 
 fyi 
 victor,  take a look and fill people as you see best.  this is only preliminary so you will have a chance to revise if you change your mind.  thanks,  scott 
  please note that Brad Mckay has left the company. 
 your welcome 
 713 365 9035 home 713 853 4723 work 713 503 3466 cell 
 thanks, kimberly.  Scott 
 I don't have it. 
 I meant Amy Fitzpatrick. 
 Please attend a meeting at the Houstonian on Wednesday, 1/23/02 from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm for a welcome and overview presented by UBS senior management.  Breakfast treats will be served starting at 9:00 am.  The meeting will begin at 10:00 am sharp. 
 I forgot at ask about Judy Townsend's adjustment due to change from part time to full time? 
 Bob,  Just curious how everything went on Friday.  call me if you get a minute.  Scott x34723 713 503 3466 713 365 9035 
 sure. Everything looks like it might work out for us in the Trading business.  The bankruptcy court will hopefully approve the sale of